#84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Michigan move to reconsider the rote ordering
the"yeas and nays?
Mr. STUA KT. My object is to ascertain how
many Senators there are who, conceding that
there is no conflict between the constitution of the
State of Illinois and the Constitution of the United
States in this respect, are prepared to vote that
the resignation of the Senator as judge of the
State relieved him from the constitutional inhibi-
tion. I think the Senate ought to pass on that
branch of the question in deciding this case. It
was only for that purpose that I desired to pro-
pose the amendment, and not from any curiosity
of my own. I have listened with attention to the
argument of Senators, and I have heard some of
them say that they were prepared to decide the
question on the ground stated in this amendment.
The Senator from Kentucky stated, when he
offered the resolution, that upon this ground, as
well as upon the other, he was prepared to say
that the Senator was entitled to a seat, even if
we considered that the constitution of Illinois was
binding. For the decision of that question, it
Struck me as being important that both branches
ghould be embraced in the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. In order to obtain his
object, the Senator must move to reconsider the
vote ordering the yeas and nays, for the purpose
of making his motion.
Mr. STUART. As the sense of the Senate
seems to be against the proposition which I have
suggested, I shall not persist in it.
iTie question being taken by yeas and nays
on the resolution of Mr. Crittenden, resulted—
yeas 35, nays 8; as follows;
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee,
Bright, Brown, Biltler, Cass, Collamer, Crittenden, Bodge,
Durkee, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Gejer,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Hunter, James, Mallory,
Mason, Pearce, Re*l, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Sumner,
Toucey, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Pugh, Slidell, Stuart, and Weller—8.
So the resolution was adopted; and Mr. Trum-
btjll was declared to be entitled to his seat. J
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to propose a resolu-
tion by the authority of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affair^. We have been asked by the Secre-
tary ofWar to furnish, for the use of the library
of the Military Academy at West Point, copies
of all documents ordered to be printed by the
Senate. I offer the following order, and ask for its
consideration now:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate furnish annu-
ally the library of the Military Academy at West Point with
a copy of all documents published by the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that it would be as well to
include in his resolution the Naval Academy at
Annapolis.
Mr. WELLER. I present the proposition in
this form for the reason that it is recommended
hy the Secretary of War. I understand that the
usage of the Secretary of the Senate is to send
copies of these documents, but he has never had
any direct authority from the Senate to do so. I
should be prepared to agree to the proposition
of the Senator from Maryland, if it came from
the Navy Department. 1 was simply asked, as
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to propose to provide these documents for the
Military Academy, a Government institution
under the control of the War Department.
Mr. PEARCE. If these documents are of any
value to the pupils at West Point, I think they
are of equal value to the pupils at Annapolis. The
reasons which apply in the one case apply in the
other.
Mr. WELLER. I will withdraw the propo-
sition rather than have it embarrassed. I intro-
duced it at the request of the Secretary ofWar,
but if it embarrasses the Senate in any way 1
will withdraw it.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, asked and obtained
unanimous consent to introduce a bill to improve
the Tennessee river; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire to state
that this bill proposes to appropriate the same
amount as the bill which was passed by the
Senate last year for the same object. I do not
wish to have this bill taken up out of its course, f
but to have it acted on when the other bills of
the same nature shall come up for consideration.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to state to the
Senate that I was instructed by the Committee
on Commerce to give notice that we shall ask the
Senate, on Wednesday next, to take up and dis-
pose of all bills of this character on the Calendar,
so that gentlemen who desire to introduce other
bills of this nature may have an opportunity to
do so before then.
Mr. DURKEE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and I ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the War Department furnish the Senate
with an estimate of ail deficiencies now due 011 account
of harbors and rivers, correctly describingthesame, showing
how they have originated.
Mr. STUART. I wish to understand the scope
of that resolution, and therefore I object to its con-
sideration now.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will lie
over, under the rules.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of Mr.
"Weller 's motion to print ten thousand extra
copies of the President's message of February 18,
with the accompanying documents, relative to
affairs in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from South Caro-
lina, who has the floor on this question, is not
very well to-day, and therefore I suggest that/it
should be postponed until to-morrow.
Several Senators. Say Monday. Thergisa
special order for to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to give noticc t/iat on
Monday I shall ask the Senate to take up the bill
to appropriate $3,000,000 for the purchase <pf arms
for fortifications.
Mr. BUTLER said, Mr. President, I prefer to
fo on now. When I obtained the floor the other
ay upon this question, it was with a view to make
a very few remarks in order to relieve the Senate
from any impression which might be made on it
by the statements made here on the responsibility
of Senators, or by newspaper communications,
in relation to the part which my friend, General
Atchison, has acted in Kansas affairs. I intended
no more; and I shall endeavor to discharge that
duty before I conclude the remarks which 1 pro-
pose now to submit.
The debate on this subject, Mr. President, has
brought many things within its scope, and has,
in my opinion, been made the occasion of fearful
indications for the future. What the develop-
ments of the future may disclose I know not;
but this much I will say before I approach the
main subject on which 1 intend to deliver my
views, that we are rcduced, by the issue whick
has been made in Kansas, to the alternative cither
of suffering the President, under the message
which he has sent to us and the proclamation
which he has issued, to exorcise his high office
to preserve the peace which is threatened to be
disturbed in Kansas, or subject ourselves to the
usurpation of squatter sovereignty and the dis-
cretion of an uncaleulaling fanaticism; raising a
whiilwind on which it may not be able to ride.
This is the issue which is presented to us. For
if the President does not interpose his authority
to preserve peace, I have no reason to conclude
but that the conflict between the two parties in
Kansas may result in the shedding of blood; and,
sir, my word for it, one drop of blood shed in
civil strife in this country, in which parties have
been distinctly arrayed, so far as they can be
arrayed by their advocates, will have more effect
on civilization and on society than all the blood
shed in all the battles of antiquity, or in the strug-
gle at Borodino and the battles which followed it.
Sir, I am entirely persuaded that, if we are to ap-
proach what has been threatened—a rupture of
this Union—or if we are to preserve the Union,
it is the duty of every man, as far as he can, to
throw his influence into the public opinion which
will justify the course of the President, so as to
be free from the consequences which may other-
wise grow out of this fearful issue. Yes, sir; if
the South is forced to take her destiny in her sepa-
rate keeping, let us do all we can to justify our
conduct before the tribunal of history; let us do
all we can in the way of explanation to dispel
delusion and rebuke the mad spirit which has
infused itself into the public mina in a portion of
this Confederacy. Danger may speak with a
loud trumpet to the car of Reason and Justice.
It may be said that I have passed through the
ordeal of experience, and perhaps of time, and
that they have had their influence on my temper;
but, sir, I look on anything like a rupture in civil
government, and especially such a one as would
throw us into the horrors of anarchy, with not
the game view as others who may be more in-
trepid, and who may think they can come out of
it without hazard to themselves. There is noth-
ing so mischievous to society as any movement
affecting its stability, uncontrolled by respons-
ibility and unregulated by intelligence. Bigotry,
fanaticism and prejudice are fatal counselors; and
under the Sharpc's rifle influence they have exer-
cised their influence on the issues of the day.
Now, before I approach the main point 1 must
dispose of some of the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] I
reply to his remarks because he has been in this
Chamber for a longer period than the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and has had asso-
ciations here which I think ought at least to have
tempered some of his expressions. I do not in-
tend to use the language of asperity in this debate,
if I can avoid it: but allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that I think, when he
used some expressions, not only in relation to the
President of the United States, the Chief Magis-
trate of this Confederacy, but in relation to the
Supreme Court, and other departments of this
Government; and when he allowed himself to read
from a newspaper, under the signature of an anon-
ymous writer, statements in reference to a distin-
guished gentleman with whom he had been asso-
ciated here—I will do him the justice to say that
I hardly think he consulted the dictates of his
own nature; for I believe that generally he has
rather shown a temper that would lift him above
such things, except when he acts as the com-
mitted archer pulling the arrow under the behests
of his urging huntsmen. The Senator from
New Hampshire is a committed advocate to a
sectional, fanatical organization; and, perhaps,
he is not at liberty to deny the authority under
which he has entered the Senate.
Sir, what did I hear him say? That the Su-
preme Court of the United States was the citadel
of slavery. He did not know when he made that
remark how far it extended and what it might
not embrace. Is he not associated with a class
of politicians in this country who have said that
the Constitution of the United States—the funda-
mental law of their country—was the citadel of
slavery? Yes, sir. I have had pamphlets within
the last week laid on my desk, maintaining that
the Constitution of the United States itself is the
citadel of slavery; and that, unless it is broken
down, and the institution of slavery thereby
reached in all the States, it is a Constitution which
ought to have no validity and obligation. I think
I have seen the sanu statements in a paper called
the Radical Abolitionist. "When the Senator
speaks of the Supreme Court as the citadel of the
institution of slavery, he might better have desig-
nated them as opposed to those who have called
the Constitution of their country the citadel of
slavery. Sir, I would prefer regarding the Judges
of the Supreme Court, as far as I know anything
of their decisions, as the sentinels and defenders
of the Constitution—a Constitution recognizing
the equality of the States, and at least imposing
on them such obligations as that they are not per-
mitted to transfer their judgments into another
jurisdiction, prescribed, I suppose, by what is
technically called the higher law—a jurisdiction
of discretion and prejudice.
They have not gone down or up—as gentlemen
may choose to consider it—to the higher law.
As far as I know the court—and I have had inter-
course with its venerated and venerable chief
justice, from my official position as chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary—I do not believe
I have ever known a body of men more honestly
disposed to do their duty under the obligations
of the power which gave them the right to dis-
charge judicial functions. I believe, when our
first parents were driven out of Paradise, it was
under the suggestions of the higher law. The
Devil went in and suggested to Eve that there was
a higher law; and, disregarding the law under
which she was placed in Paradise, she and her
posterity have suffered the penalties of disobe-
