2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the report of the committee of
conference was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which said report was concurred in, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickixs, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, Hou.se bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the representatives and
sureties of Robert King, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of JohnPoe, of Louisville,
Kentucky.
Also, that they had passed, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House, a bill of the following title:
A bill making appropriations for Tight-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL 
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to make a
report from the cornmitteo of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 202) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857; and I desire the attention of the
House, as 1 propose to ask the action of the I louse
upon the proposition which I am going to submit,
and X dohire the House to understand it. The
committee of conference were unable to agree.
They did agree, however, upon a number of
amendments, but they could not make a report in
part, and therefore the committee separated with-
out agreeing upon any report. They separated,
however, with the understanding, that those
amendments from which the Senate committee
were willing to recede, the Senate should recede
from, and that we would move in the House that
the House should recede from those disagree-
ing nts which the committee of conference, on the
■nart of the House, were willing; to recede funn.
if this action should be earned out by the two
Houses, the disagreement would be brought down
to one or two questions. The Senate have car-
ried out tiiat suggestion. On the motion of a mem-
ber of the committee of conference, they have
receded from their amendments to winch we dis-
agreed. 1 will state to the House what they were,
although no action can be had upon them by tiie
House, for—the Senate having receded from them
—they have iallen.
The Senate concurred m the twenty-fifth
amendment of the House, which was a mere
formal amendment, amounting to nothing. They
also concurred m our amendment where we in-
serted a proviso m reference to the Madison
papers. They also concurred m our amendment
m relation to the transfer of certain clerks of
Departments. They also receded from their
amendment in relation to the compensation of
surgeons at Panama. They have receded from
their amendment proposing to establish a library
for the Court of Claims. They have also receded
from their amendment providing for extra pay of
laborers in the Executive Departments. These
amendments—it is now reported to m—the Senate
have receded from, and no further action can be
had in regard to them by this House.
On the part of the House, 1 move now, that it
reccde from its action in regard to the following
amendments, wherein the committee of conference
unanimously agreed, in endeavoring to airange
the difficulties between the two Houses, to jeeom-
mend the House to recede: from its disagreement
to the 1st, 2d, and 3d amendments of the Senate,
providing for compensation to the disbursing offi-
cers of the Senate, and to the clerk of one of their
committees, authorized by resolution of the Sen-
ate, just us we authonze the employmentof clerks
to our committees. We propose also to recede
from our disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate putting in an appropriation for payment
for extra copies of the Globe and Appendix. It
is hardly necessary that I should state to the
House members are aware of it—that a ccrtain
extra number of copies of the Globe and Appendix
is furnished t© each mem|sfe of the House and
Senator. At the time our bm passed we had not
been furnished with an estimate for the extra
numbers of the Globe and Appendix to be fur-
nished to the Senate. We therefore inserted a
provision merely to pay for our own number of
the Globe. The amendment of the Senate was
the usual one, providing a further sum to pay for
their number, to which there can be no objection.
The eleventh amendment of the Senate was to
reimburse one of our consular agents for money
paid out, and expended, in carrying out the neu-
trality law. The House will recollect, that in the
bill just disposed of we have appropriated, at the
instance of the State Department, $30,000, to be
placed at the disposal of the Secretary of State,
for the purpose of enforcing our neutrality laws.
No such appropriation having been made by the
last Congress, there was no money in the Treas-
ury to meet these contingencies; and the Secre-
tary of State has called upon us to give him that
amount to meet these contingencies. The Senate
put in an amendment for it; and th§ committee
agreed to recommend the House to recede from
its disagreement to it.
The other amendment of the Senate in regard
to which the committee agreed to recommend the
House to reccde from its action, was in relation
to the compensation of some three or four clerks
m the Department of State. A difficulty arose
about the compensation of these cleiks, as to
whether or not they were entitled to ceitain in-
creased compensation voted by Congress to clerks
of a ccrtain class. The Secretary of State held
that they were. The Secretary of the Treasury
held that they were not. This amendment of the
Senate was simply for a construction of this law
iu favor of the construction made by the Secre-
tary of State.
These are the amendments, Mr. Speaker, from
its disagreement to which it is proposed that the
House shall recede. If the House recede as the
Senate has receded from a portion of its amend-
ments, it will then leave, as questions still pending
between the two Houses, the following: the three
provisoes in relation to Kansas. They are under-
stood by the House, and it is unnecessary for me
to speak of them in detail. They aie the pro-
visoes in relation to the executive and judiciary
departments, and the general proviso about the
enforcement of the law there, and the amendment
of the Senate providing pay for the Legislature
o( Kansas. These three amendments (Nos. 20,
j ^1, and U0) will still stand as open questions.
I in addition to these there will be left the dis-
, agreement between the two Houses on the pro-
vision for paying for the books distributed by
I resolution of the House; also, that lor the in-
! creased pay of the olHcers of the Mint at Plnl-
i adelphia; also, that for increased pa\ An some
| judicial officers in California, and in this Dixtnct;
also, that creating the offices of an additional
inspector and two subordinate inspectors on the
Pacific coast.
If my motion be agreed to, Mr. Speaker, these
will be open questions, on which the Senate has
invited another committee of conference. On
| these amendments that I have last referred to, the
i Senate is willing to recede from its disagreement,
| if the House recedc from its Kansas provisoes,
j On that point we cannot agree; and therefore
the conference was broken up. I move now that
the House recede from its disagreements to the
amendments from which I have stated the com-
mittee of conference were willing to recede; and
I move to insist on the other disagreeing votes,
and to agree to the request of the Senate for an-
other committee of conference. I would state
that my motion to insist on our disagreeing votes
is merely a formal motion. The House knows
that I was opposed to those Kansas provisoes;
but I do not propose at this time to ask a test
question upon them. T prefer that another com-
mittee of conference shall be appointed; and it
will be time enough to make a test question when
we see whether another committee of conference
cannot agree on the disagreeing votes. I ask the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordeied to be now put.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Cob« 's
motion was agieedto;and the Speaker thereupon
appointed Messrs. Cobb of Georgia, Grow, and
Matteson, to constitute the second committee
of conference on the part of the House.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed to his motion, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act making appropriations for the survey
of the southern boundary line of Kansas Terri-
tory; and
An act for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
answer to a resolution of the House, in relation
to the pardon of Daniel Drayton and AdamSay-
ers in 1852, transmitting a communication from
the Secretary of State, giving the required inform-
ation; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
By unanimous consent, the resolution of the
Senate suspending the 16th and 17th joint rules
for the residue of the present session, was taken
up for consideration.
The rules were read, as follows:
" 16. No bill that shall have parsed one Houso shall be
sent for eoneutrence to the other on either of the three la&t
day-* of tho -e^ion.
17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate, shall he presented to the
President of the United States for his approbation during
the la^t day ot the session."
The question was taken; and the House con-
curred in the resolution of the Senate.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILL.
Mr. BISHOP, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Claims Senate bill (No.
407) for the relief of Francis A. Gibbon and Fran-
cis X. Kelly; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENVER. I ask the consent of the House
to report, from the select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad, a bill to provide for railroad and
telegraphic communications from the Atlantic
States to the Pacific ocean, and for other pur-
poses, for the purpose of having it referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Several Members objected.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, the
House took from the Speaker's table the bill of
the Frouse extending the time for the creditors of
tin; State of Texas to present their claims, with
an amendment of the Senate, allowing said cred-
itors until the 1st of January next to present their
claims, and requiring the Secretary of the Treas-
ury then to pay to said claimants, pro rata, the
*,<50,000 appropriated for that purpose.
The amendment was concurred in.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. COAIINS, by unanimous
consent, the light-house appropriation bill, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, was taken
from the Speaker's table for consideration.
First amendment:
At the end ot the clause for rebuilding the hght-houso
at Black over, Ohio, insert:
And to! completion of tiie rebuilding and repairs* of the
we-t pu'i and pier-head upon winch &uid light-house is
ereetod, and connecting the same with the shore, $11,026.
The amendment was concurred in.
Scoond amendment:
Stnkc out " A\300," and insert "$o,000  in the follow-
m« item ■
For a liyht-liouse in the mouth of the Au Sable river, on
Lake Huron, §">00.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
insert at the end of the following clause, viz :
<kSfie. 3. And he it further enacted, That the following
named lights be discontinued,1' the words, " Provided, The
Secretary of the Treasury so direct."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
- Add at the end of the bill:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the clerks and
