1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3185
others m the Washington navy-yard shall be entitled to the
extra conipcn.-ahon authorized by the act approved Apnl
22, '854, ibe estimate tor the payment of which has been
accidentally ommed.
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment ought to be
non-concurred in; it is entirely out of place in
this bill-
Mr. COMINS. I agree with the gentleman
from Missouri that the Senate amendment re-
lating to the pay of clerks and others in the
Washington navy-yard should not he attached to
the light-house bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, for the purpose <jf taking up the
Calendar where it was last left off, and consider-
ing .Senate bills only to which there is no objec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 96, noes 30.
Tlie°TIouse accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Wasiiburn, of Maine, in the
chair,) and proceeded to consider the same under
the order of the House just made.
An act (S. No. 183) for the relief of John
Tucker.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to cause
to be paid to John Tucker, of Florida, the amount
to -Hindi lie would have been entitled under the
act entitled "An act providing payment for certain
military services in Florida," approved March
3, 1855, had his name appealed upon the roll as
a private in Major Isaac Garrason's command.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 1C9) for the relief of Josiah S.
Little.
The bill directs that there be paid to Josiah S.
Little, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, $1,000, in full remuneration
for a piece of land to'which he lost title by the
operation of the fourth article of the " treaty to
settle and define the boundaries between the Ter-
ritories of the United States and the possessions
of her Britannic Majesty," &c., of the 9th of
August, 1842.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 280) for the relief of Anthony
Rankin, of Tennessee.
The bill directs that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury pay to Anthony Rankin thirty dolbrs out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, it'being the amount paid by said Rankin
in 1S14, while engaaed in the military service of
the United States", for medical aid and attendance
when confined by a severe illness.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 289) for the relief of the heirs
Jabez B. Rooker, deceased.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle and adjust the accounts
of Jabez B. Rooker, deceased, late clerk to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and to allow
at the rate of $900 per annum for the time he was
actually employed in said service subsequently
to the 3d of March, 1843; and that the amount so
found due, after deducting all sums paid to him for
Ins services during said period, be paid to the
surviving children of said Rooker, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated .
The bill -was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 296) for the relief of Sally T.
Matthews.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury cause to be paid to Sally T. Matthews
$351, being in full compensation for the services
of her late husband, William P. Matthews, as an
extra clerk m that Department, between Septem-
ber 1, 1842, and May 14, 1843, and appropriates
that sum out of any unappropriated moneys m the
Treasury.
The Committee of Claims reported the bill
back with the following amendment:
?kc. 2. i/v it fvrthvr enactsiL That fiom and after
the passage of thi= act, any clerk, messenger, or other per-
son, penmtted to enter ■the service of the United States
without the authority of law, the compensation due for
such service, when paid by the Government, shall be de-
ducted by the accounting offieeis from the salary or com-
pensation due or accruing to such head of Department or
buieau who may have so employed such persons without
such legal authority aforesaid, unless the President shall
certify that such assistance was absolutely necessary to the
public service.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 299) for the relief of John M.
Mcintosh.
This bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to cause to
be paid to John M. Mcintosh §164, that being
the joint amount of two accounts against the
Government, duly certified to be correct, in favor
of John Clutes and Jacob Hart, for eighty-two
dollars each; said accounts being on duplicate
certificates, the originals having been lost and con-
sidered as canceled; the same to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: provided, that the said Mcintosh shall
file a bond, to be approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury, to indemnify the United States
against future liability for the payment of said
accounts.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. 205) for the relief of Peter Grover.
[Objected to by Mr. McMullin.]
An act (S. 136) for the relief of Isaac Cook and
others.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Isaac Cook, B. A. Napier, and Pelatiah
Shepherd, or the legal representatives of such of
them as may be deceased, §200, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in
full for the use of the schooner Tempest, belong-
ing to them, and impressed by Major J. G. Camp,
in September, 1814.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 222) for the relief of Abraham
Kintzmg. [Objected to by Mr. Cadwalader.]
An act (S. No. 261) granting bounty land to
Jared L. Elliott. [Objected to by Mr. Green-
wood.]
An act (S. No. 32) granting bounty land to
Rebecca Freeman.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move that the bill be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of A. S. Ben-
der. [Objected to by Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois.]
An act (S. No. 262) for the relief of James
Davidson, of Kentucky.
The bill directs that, in lieu of the pension now
paid to James Davidson, of Kentucky, the Sec-
retary of the Interior pay him twenty dollars per
month from the day his present pension com-
menced, for and during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 229) for the relief of F. A.
Cunningham, paymaster in the United States
Armv.
Mr. STANTON. 1 object.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot.
Mr. ORR. Then I give notice that I will move
[ to suspend the rules, for the purpose of passing
| it. It is a proper bill, and ought to pass.
An act (S. No. 161) for the relief of Joshua
Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jersey. [Objected
to by Mr. Pringlf,.]
| Anact (S. No. 143) forthe relief of George P.
{ Marsh. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
i An act (S.'No. 260) for the relief of J. Ran-
: dolph Clay. [Objected to Mr. McCarty.]
! An act (S. No..l02) granting a pension to Ben-
jamin Berry, a s'oldier of the Revolution,
i The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Benjamin Berry, asoldier of the
I Revolution, and now resident of the State of
1 Maine, upon the list of revolutionary pensioners,
j and pay to him ninety-six dollars per annum,
from the 1st of January, 1850, during his natural
life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 220) for the relief of Hannah
F. Niles. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
An act (S. No. 285) granting a revolutionary
pension to Sarah Blount.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 181) for the relief of Rebecca
Halsey, widow of Zephaniah Halsey, an officer
of the Revolution.
The bill directs that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior place the name of Rebecca Halsey, a widow
of Zephaniah Halsey, deceased, an officer of the
revolution, on the list of revolutionary pensioners,
and pay to her a pension at the rate of thirty-five *
dollars per month, fioin the°4th of July, 1848, to
continue during her natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 284) for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of Sarah Crandall, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to the heirs-at-law of Sarah Crandall, de-
ceased, the sum of ninety-six dollars per annum,
from the 1st day of January, 1848, to the date of
her death, being the amount she would have re-
ceived per annum, under a special act for her relief
approved July 24, 1854, had she survived.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 256) for the relief of Nancy
Bowen and Sarah Larrabee.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Nancy Bowen, formerly the
widow of Robert Brice, upon the roll of pension-
ers, and pay to her ninety-six dollars per annum,
from the 4th of July, 1850, during her natural
life; also, that he be directed to place the name of
Saiah Lanabee, formerly the widow of Barstow
Newell, upon the pension roll, and pay to her
ninety-six dollars per annum, commencing on
the 1st of March, 1854, and continuing during
her natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to thfc
House.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his objection to an act (S. No. 229) for the
relief of F. A. Cunningham, paymaster United
States Army; and the bill was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
An act (S. No. 287) granting a pension to
Nancy M. Guusally, formerly widow of Lyman
M. Richmond,-deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Nancy M. Gunsally, for-
merly the widow of Lyman M. Richmond, de-
ceased, upon the roll of pensioners of the United
Staks, and pay her at the rate of ninety-six
dollars per annum, for five years, from the 1st
of January, 1849.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 286) granting five years' half
pay to Mrs. Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Tur-
ner. deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to Mrs. Ann Turner, widow of Elbert
Turner, late of Norfolk, Virginia, deceased, $250
! per annum, from the 13th of October, 1855, for
, five years: provided, that in case of her death or
i intermarriage before the expiration of the five
years aforesaid, then the half pay shall inure to
Ins children under sixteen years of age for the
balance of the term.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
: An act (S. No. 235) for the relief of Lemuel
[Woister.
I The bill provides that the Secretary of the ln-
: terior be directed' to place the name of Lemuel
| Worster, of Lebanon, York county, and Siate
; of Maine, upon the roil of invalid pensioners,
; and pay to lum eight dollars per month, from
the 1st of January, 1855, during his natural life,
i x\nd that no sale", transfer, or mortgage, of the
pension so granted, or any port thereof, prior or
subsequent to the pats?ge of this act, shall be
