1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£75
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Malkry.
Senate.
own composition, will in all probability he less subject to ■
inconstancy than any other member of tlic Government.' I
But the construction ivhic'i v.us given to ill;' Constitution
bvCmnress, afler great coik' 'mt'on am! dii-cussiou, was
different, tn the act lor •sialiiishine the Treasury Depart-
ment, the Secretary was contemplated as being removable
from office by the President. Tile words of the act are: ,
' Thai irh?>'C (r the Sc~rci'try stiatl le removed from office
hi the Prau'cntor the L~r,itd Sinter,or ill any other case of
Wfjacv ill tile office, the assistant shall act." &c. This !
amnuuted to a legislative const ruction of tin- Constitution,
and it has ever since been acquiesed in and acted upon, as
of decisive authority in the case. It applies equally to
every other officer of the Government appointed by the ,
President and Senate, whose term of duration is not spe-
cially declared." ]
At page 310: I
" This question has never been made the subject of
Judicial discussion; and the construction given to the Con-
stitution in 1789, has continued to rest on this loose, inci-
dental, declaratory opinion of Congress, and the sense and I
practice of Government since that time. It may now be i
considered as firmly and definitively settled, and there is
good sense and practical utility in the construction."
The ruling of the Supreme Court in ex parte
Hennen, reported in 13 Peters's Supreme Court
Reports, page 259, sustains the same view. The
Senator may remember the ctfse, the immediate
point of which, if I remember correctly, turned
upon the rightful removal of a clerk of a Federal
court. I have not the volume before me, but the
decision recognizes the executive power to dis-
miss from the public service, as laia down in the
text books quoted above.
Elliot's Debates, (ed. 1854,) Vol. 4, p. 350, and
Judge Marshall, in his Life of Washington, (5th
Vol. p. 197-'9,) shed all possible light upon the
point; and the opinions t>F all the Attorneys
General, who have ever given official opinions,
sustain it.
I read now from an opinion of Attorney Gen-
eral Legare, of South Carolina. (Attorneys Gen-
eral Opinions, p. 1468.) He says:
" The single question which seems to be propounded for
my consideration is, whether the President of the United
States may strike an officer from the rolls, without a trial
by a court-martial, notwithstanding a decision in that offi-
cer's favor by a court of inquiry ordered for the investiga-
tion of his conduct."
Here was a case presented by the President in
the strongest possible aspect. A court of inquiry
having investigated the case of an officer, ana
found him guiltless, the President now under-
takes to remove him without trial. The question
of the power to do that was submitted to Mr.
Legare, and he said:
" Whatever I might have thought of the power of re-
moval from office, if the subject were res intesxa, it is
now too late to dispute the settled construction 1789. It is
according to that construction, from the very nature of ex-
ecutive power, absolute in the President, subject only to
bis responsibility to the country (his constituent) for a
breach of such a vast and solemn trust."—3 Story'* Com.
on the Constitution, 397, sec. 1538.
" It is obvious that, if necessity is a sufficient ground for
micli a concession in regard to officers in the civil service,
the argument applies a multo fortiori to the military and
naval departments."
_ Mr. Wirt, in the case of Satterlee Clark, held
similar language:
" Mr. Clark held his commission as a paymaster during
the pleasure of the President; and the power of the Presi-
dent to dismiss hfm at pleasure is not disputed.'"—Mr.
Wirt's Opinion of February 17,1828. Attorneys General
Opinions, edition of 1851, Vol. 1, p. 525.
Mr. Attorney General Mason has delivered an
opinion to the same extent. Mr. Clifford has de-
livered not merely an opinion, but a very labored
and elaborate argument. He winds up his argu-
ment, which seems to cover the whole ground,
by saying:
" The attempt to limit the exercise of the power to exec-
utive officers"—
This is pertinent, and is directly in issue with
the ground taken by the Senator from Georgia,
who seems to make some distinction between
civil officers and those holding commissions in
the military department—
"The attempt to limit the exercise of the power to the
executive officers in the civil service, finds no support in
the language of the Constitution, or in any judicial decision.
The necessary inference from the action of Congress is
against it, and no elementary work of approved authority
has ventured to countenance or commend it. In addition to
these considerations, it has already appeared that the power,
without any such limitation, has the sanction of immemo-
rial usage in England, and for more than half a century in
the United States. The argument against it appears to rest
solely on the authority of a recent publication by Captain
of f>e United States Army, entitled ' Observations
on Military Law and the Constitution, and Practice of
Courts-Martial.' It is sufficient to remark, on the present
occasion, in answer to the citation made from that work,
that the weight of authority oil this point is altogetheraaain«t
the views of the author. The construction of 1789 is wo
forcibly fixed in principle, and has. bwn too long established
in practice, to be shaken by anv elementary writer, how-
ever respectable; anil the attempt to limit and quality its
application to the officers in the civil service has been
wholly unsuccesstul. I am, therefore, of opinion tlint no
part of the claim of Surgeon Du Barry eau be allowed."
In a preceding part of this opinion (to be found
at page 1868 of the volume to which 1 have already
referred) Mr. Clifford says:
" The only question that remains to be considered, is the
one relating to the power of the Pre: Uent to dismiss mili-
tary or naval officers from the service without the sentence
of a court-martial. It is very properly admitted in the
argument, that the question was distinctly settled by the
Congress of 1789, in favor of the power of the President,
so far as it relates to the civil officers of the Government.
It is conceded that they are removable at pleasure, in all
cases under the Constitution where the term of office is
not specially declared. It seems, however, that one of the
authors of the Federalist, before the adoption of the Consti-
\ tution,and While it was pending before the people for ratifi-
i cation, had intimated a different opinion, insisting that the
! consent of the Senate would be necessary to displace as
well as to appoint. No one ever thought of maintaining
that the inferior offices, so called in the Constitution, should
be held during life. The doubt which arose was, whether
the concurrence of the Senate was not requisite to effect a
removal in all cases where it is required to consummate
the appointment.' The power was finally affirmed to be in
the President alone by a majority of both Houses of Con-
gress, after great deliberation, and, perhaps, one of the
ablest discussions in the history of the country. (4 Elliot's
Debates, 350,404.) That decision was acquiesctd in at
that time, and has since received the sanction of every
Department of the Government. It is worthy of special
remark, that several commentators on the Constitution,
who do not entirely admit the correctness of the construction
adopted, are nevertheless constrained to regard the question
as closed. Mr. Justice Story, after reciting the arguments
on both sides, remarks: ' If there has been any aberration
from the true constitutional exposition of the power of
removal, (which the reader must decide for himself,) it will
be difficult, perhaps impracticablc, after forty years' experi-
ence, to recall the practice to correct theory.' (3 Story, sec.
1538.) The remarks of Chancellor Kent are still more de-
cisive on this point. He says: ' It may now be considered
as firmly and definitely settled; and there is good sense
and practical utility in the construction.' (1 Kent, 311.)
" The authority of the President in this respect was
sustained in the debate of 1789, upon the ground that 'it
resulted from the nature of the power, and the convenience
and even necessity of its exercise; that it was clearly in
its nature a part of the executive power, and was indit pens-
able for a due execution of the laws, and a regular admin-
istration of the public affairs.' This doctrine has since
been expressly sanctioned by the unanimous judgment of
the Supreme Court; placing it, however, more distinctly
on the ground that, as a necessary rule, ' the power of re-
moval is an incident of the power of appointment.' (13
Pet., 2o9.)
" Much the largest class of civil officers are appointed
under that clause of the Constitution from which the power
of the President is derived to appoint the officers of the
Army and Navy. The same language which authorizes
the President to appoint an officer of the customs also
authorized him to appoint a captain in the Navy. Both are
embraced in the following phrase: 4 And all other officers
of the United States, whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided, and which shall be established by law.'
It is difficult to appreciate the reasoning which seeks to
affix a permanent tenure to military office, while it is ad-
mitted that all civil officers, appointed under the same
clause, with the exceptions specially provided in the Con-
stitution, hold their places subject to the executive discre-
tion. Itis a question of power, and not of expediencey."
* * * * * * * 1
" The form of a military commission in general use ex-
pressly describes the tenure of office, and very clearly recog-
nizes the doctrine of 1789: ' This commission to continue
in force during the pleasure of the President of the United
States for the time being.' In perfect accordance with
these views, Mr. Butler holds the following explicit lan-
guage in relation to military storekeepers, in an opinion
given by him on the 25th of February, 1837: «He was liable,
like all other officers, to be dismissed or removed.' Tl e
precise question under consideration was submitted to Mr.
LegarS. by the President of the United States, on the 11th
of February, 1842, and the following is an extract from his
opinion in the case of Robert B. Randolph : ' It is obvious
that, if necessity is a sufficient ground for such a concession
in regard to offices in the civil service, the argument applies
a mxUto fortiori to the military and naval departments. I
have no doubt, therefore, that the President had the con-
stitutional power to do what he did, and that the officer in
question is not in the service of the United States.'
"It is beyond question that the same power exists in
England, and may be exercised on all occasions, in dismiss-
ing military officers without putting them to the form of u
trial; and several instances are given where officers of rank
in the Navy have been dismissed, after having been tried
by a court-martial, and acquitted of the charges exhibited
against them. (1 McArthur, 128.)
Now, sir, I maintain that the consistent prac-
tice of the Government has been in accordance
with the construction of the Constitution given
by Mr. Madison himself, who was one of its
framers. Mr. Madison supported it, and settled
this construction in the first Congress of the Uni-
ted States. It has never been departed from, but
has always been the consistent usage of every
President from General Washington's day. The
Attorneys General of the country, without any
division, have all concurred in it. 1 have in my
hand a list of officers who have been removed by
almost everv President who has held power in the
country, {"resident Jackson removed three at
one time. He removed one after a court of in-
quiry sat upon him. I will not give these eases
in detail, but will present them hereafter; and I
have no doubt that an equal number might be
found in the military, as well as the naval service.
The Senator from Georgia was totally in error
when he undertook to assert here, that even in
Great Britain this power was not exercised by
the Crown. I undertake to say, on the contrary,
that there never has been a day or an hour in
England when the Crown did not possess the
power of removing its officers in both branches
of the military service. There is the issue be-
tween us.
But the Senator from Georgia, with this array
of authority before him, attempts to establish a
distinction between the civil and military officers
of the Government, upon the ground that Con-
gress has declared by law (act of 1800 for the gov-
ernment ff the Navy) certain offenses committed
by naval officers cognizable and punishable by
naval courts-martial; and that, therefore, they can-
not be dismissed for committing either of them,
without trial. But does not the Senator know
that there is a special forum also provided for the
trial of civil officers, (Constitution of the United
States, article 2, section 4:) and does it follow,
" thereforethat they may not be removed by
executive power, without such trial?
And when he, pursuing the same line of argu-
ment, says that the law (statute of 1823) provides
expressly how certain naval officers may be dis-
missed without a trial, and that, therefore, thejr
cannot be removed in any other cases without
trial, does he not know, also, that the law (act
March 1, 1855) equally provides for the dismis-
sal of civil officers in certain cases; and does it
follow as a " therefore" that they may not be dis-
missed by executive power? Sir, 1 cannot but
think that, when the Senator from Georgia shall
reexamine hrs position, he will find nothing in
it to sustain the distinction he has attempted to
establish, and which distinction has been ex-
pressly repudiated by every year in the progress
; | of this Government.
1 j I will not dwell longer on this point, as I have
I' a great deal of ground to cover; and I throw out
these matters more as suggestions for argument
than as arguments themselves.
The Senator from Georgia seemed to admit
that the President might exercise the power of
removal if that power were derived, under the
| Constitution, through an act of Congress, and that
Congress might legislate this power into his
, hands. This argument is suicidal. I confess,
I sir, my inability to see the application of this
proposition, that the executive power of dis-
missal must be derived from legislation. Is not
his argument answered by the very terms of this
law, which are:
"Sec. 2. Anibe Ufurther enacted, That all officers who
shall be found by the said board incapable of performing the
duties of their respective offices, ranks, or grades, shall, if
such finding be approved by the Presideut, be dropped from
the rolls, or placed in the order of their rank and seniority,
at the time, upon a list in the Navy Register, to be entitled
the reserved list."
Could legislation have more unequivocally con-
ferred power?
Here, sir, I will leave the question of executive
power.
By some gentlemen it has been contended that,
though the law upon its face may be constitu-
tional, the manner of its execution has rendered
its results ipso facto void; and that all those who
were reserved or dropped must be regarded as if
no such law ever existed.
By others it is said that the manner of its exe-
cution has rendered its results not void, but void-
able, and only so far as the reserved officers are
concerned; and to show that the execution of the
act did not conform to its requirements, it is
said:
1. That the board did not make its examina-
tions in public, and give a trial or hearing to the
parties concerned.
