2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
valid; but that the same shall inure solely to the
benefit of said Lemuel Worster, and be and re-
ma in in his control, or that of his legally appointed
and qualified guardian, under suitable bonds for
the proper disbursement of the same for the ben-
efit of said Worster.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The committee rose informally; and
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had receded from its fourth
amendment to the light-house bill, in which the
House had non-concurred.
The committee then resumed its session.
An act (S. No. 147) for the relief of Edward
A. Stevens. [Objected to by Mr. Underwood.]
An act (S. No. 288) to grant the right of pre-
emption in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly
Meeting of the Society of Friends. [Objected to
by Mr. Rust.]
An act (S. No. 245) for the relief of Franck
Taylor-
The act directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Franck Tayloi, of
the city of Washington, the amounts of duties
paid by or for him to the collectors of the ports
of New York and Philadelphia, upon importa-
tions of quills by or for him during the years
1853, 1854, and 1855; provided said quills shall
have been imported and delivered at the navy-
yard of the United States in Washington city, m
pursuance of any contract with, or orders from,
the bureau of ordnance and hydrography of the
United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the report.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no report; the report
of the Senate committee was adopted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. These quills were
imported for the use of the bureau of ordnance
and hydrography; and, under all former laws,
the importer was entitled to have them imported
free of duty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If he paid the
duty, the Government paid it back to him in the
price of the quills, and why should it be again
refn mled ?
Mr. BMKLPS. The Government has not paid
it back. We think the Government was wrong;
in exacting the duty, and this bill is to refund
that which, in the opinion of the Committee on
Finance of the Senate, and of the Committee of
Ways and Means of this House, was improperly
exacted.
Mr. JONES. Did not the Government pay
him for the mulls?
Mr. PfTELPS Yes; but he had the right,
under existing laws, to import them free of duty.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 309) for the relief of Brevet
Biigadier General John B.Walbach, of the United
States Army.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to pay to
P>revrt Brigadier General John B.Walbach, United
States Army, out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, siu.li extra compen-
sation as he may consider just and reasonable for
the extra services performed by the said Wnlbaeh
as aide-de-camp to General Vvilkerson, commis-
sioner of the United Slates to treat with the
western Indians, m the years ltfUl and 1H0*2, pio-
vided the per diem allowance shall not exceed
that paid to General Wilkerson, nor be less than
that of the secretary to the commission for thru-
extra services while they were engaged m the same
service.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 375) for the relief of Eliza B.
McNeill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Navy to
place the name of Eliza B. McNeill upon the
pension list, and to allow her a pension equal m
amount to half the pay her husband, F. B.
McNeill, was entitled to as captain in the United
States marine corps at the time of his death, for
five years, from April 25, 1856, payable semi-
annually.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 300) granting a pension to
Mary A.M. Jones. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
An act (S. No. 345) for the relief of Nathan
M. Lounsbury.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Nathan M. Lounsbury, of Rutland county,
Vermont, $756, being at the rate of eight dollars
per month, for arrears of pension, from the 18th
of March, 1818, to the 4th of February, 1826.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league, [Mr. Meacham,] who has the papers in
this case, is not present; but the claimant in this
case is a poor old man, about one hundred years
old. I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. McMULLlN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 308) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the
steamer Major Tompkins. [Objected to by Mr.
Williams.]
An act (S. No. 377) for the relief of Ambrose
Lanfear, of Louisiana. The bill provides that
the surveys of claim No. 74, known as the claim
of the children of Paul Toups, and of claim No.
529, known as the claim of Daspit St. Armand,
executed by Maurice Hanke, United States deputy
surveyor,"and approved of by William J. Mc-
Culloh, United States surveyor general for the
State of Louisiana, on the 5th of May, 1855, be
confirmed in favor of Ambrose Lanfear for the
land embraced within the said surveys confirmed;
provided, that such confirmation shall only be
construed imo a relinquishment of title on the
part of the United States, and shall not affect the
rights of any third person claiming title either
under adverse title or as preemption.
The CHAIRMAN". The bill is reported from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, with
the following amendment:
Jlnd prowled /wither, That rmv pei^on or persons who
die now settled* on the  uid land-, or any portion of the
said lands embraced m the said suiveys, shall be entitled
to have and maintain an action to te-4 the validity of said
surveys, and the extent of the said chums ot the children
of Paul Toup*, and ot l>aspit St. Atmaml, N<w 74 and 530,
and to have the same determined judicially m the same
manner a<* though the land on winch they are settled had
been suiveyed as public land, ami they had been permitted
to enter the same bv way of pieemption, it being the true
intent and meaning of this act, that no person who would
be now entitled tu a light, of pieempuon to any part of the
said land, if the same were the pioperty of the United
States, shall be tlepiivd of the same, unless it i«? judicially
decided that the said Mirvoy* weie made in conformity
with the ]c< al i li^ht o! tin: j-aid Ambioso Lanfear, under the
said eonfnmatinn.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was laid aside to be reported to the
1 louse.
Mr. CADWALADER. I withdraw my ob-
jection to an act (S. No. S202) for the relief of
Abraham iuntzin<z;.
Objection was made to going back.
Mr. HERBERT. The «entlnnun from New
Yoik [Mr. Williams] witlidiaws his objection
to an act for the relief of John II. Scranton and
James M. Hunt, owners of the steamer Major
Tompkins, and I hope that the bill will be laid
aside to be reported to the Ibmse.
Mr. BRENTON. I renew the objection.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I trust that as soon as we
| get through with these Sen.Ue lulls, the commit-
tee will rise, in order that the House may take up
and pass the territorial bills on the Speaker's
table, which have been reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
An act (S. iNo. :270) for the rdief of Hannibal
Faulk and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow
Scnber,) and the heirs and le^al representatives
of Benjamin Seribei, deceased.
The bill proudes that Hannibal Faulk and
Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow Scnber,) and
Abraham II. Scriber, Mary Aim Scriber, and
William J. C. Scnber, heirs-at-iaw of Benjamin
Scriber, deceased, according to their respective
inteiests, be coniiimed in their title to a certain
tract of land, lying within the Baron de Bastrop
grant, in the State of Louisiana, being a remain-
der of twenty-two hundred and fifty arpents of a
tract of three thousand arpents, reported on by the
register and receiver of the land office at Monroe,
Louisiana, under date of July 30,1852, and num-
bered in said report as No. 1, of the first class;
and being, also, that portion of the tract of land
which was rejected by the register and receiver,
but recommended to the discretion and liberality
of the Government. The confirmation so made,
together with the confirmation under the act of
Congress approved June 29, 1254, shall be con-
strued to confirm the title to the entire tract of
land containing three thousand arpents, claimcd
by the said parties before the said register and
receiver, and more particularly described in the
deed from John McBride to Abraham Scriber,
dated June 15, 1818, a copy of which accom-
panies the report of July 30, 1852; and that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, upon
the receipt of a plat and survey of the said tract
of land, executed by the proper officer, shall cause
a patent to be issued therefor: provided, however,
that such patent shall only operate as a relin-
quishment of title on the part of the United States,
and shall not affect the right of any third person.
The Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported back the bill with an amendment, to add to
the bill the following:
Whether entitled to a preemption under the laws of the
United States, or having othei valid claim to any part of
said laud.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 319) for the relief of the heirs
of Major General Arthur St. Clair. [Objected to
by Mr. McMullin.]
An act (S. No. 313) for the relief of Adam D.
Steudit, and of Alexander Randall, executor of
Daniel Randall.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Adam D. Steuart, and to Alexander
Randall, cxccutor of Daniel Randall, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, a commission of one per cent, upon such
amounts of money as were respectively collected
by the said Adam D. Steuart and Daniel Randall,
and by them disbursed or paid into the Treasury
of the United States, in virtue of the authority
specially vested in them by order of the com-
manding general of the United States Army, and
arising from duties on imports, taxes, or other
assessments in Mexico, during the late war with
that republic.
The report was read.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sapp,] who reported this bill, present? There
is a general law authorizing these commissions
on collections made under military authority in
Mexico, and I want to know why that law does
not apply to this case?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in the Ilall.
Mr. LETCHER.. Here is my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] who says he will
explain the matter.
Mr. LEITER. I object to debate.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
allow an explanation to be made. I do notwant
to object to the bill, but I will do so if I cannot
get an explanation.
Mr. QUITMAN. The only feature that dis-
tinguishes this case from others is, that in other
cases the officers deducted their commissions, but
Colonel Randall did not see fit to deduct his com-
mission when he was settling with the United
States. It i.s true, the amount is large, but the
commission allowed m this bill is less than in
some instances wherein we have allowed com-
missions at the present session. The necessity
for this act arises simply from the fact that this
officer did not retain the commission in his
hands, but paid the whole into the United States
Treasury.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Mississippi whether the Presi-
dent of the United States is not, under the existing
law, authorized to allow commissions for the col-
lection of military contributions in Mexico?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. No.
Mr. JONES. That is the law.
Mr. MARSHALL. The President is author-
ized to allow the deduction of commissions, but
he is not authorized to order the commissions to
be refunded.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
