THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27.
is npt to the national advantage to rob one man
for the benefit of another. I take issue with my
friend from Kentucky. X say that, if you take
away the property of one man and give it to a
thousand, or if you take away the property of
one million of inhabitants and give it to nineteen
millions, you do not create national wealth by
transferring it from the pockets of honest industry
to other people's pockets. This is my principle.
It is_immovable; it can never be taken away.
To take away the property of one million and
give it to nineteen millions, increases the wealth
of those to whom it is given, but does not increase
the national wealth. It is an unjust transfer.
The more commerce there is on the Mississippi,
the more they are able and competent to pay the
expenses of transporting it; and I only ask that
they shall do it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, I ask my honorable
friend now to say whether at least we have not
plausible ground on which to maintain that our two
or three hundred million dollars that float on the
Mississippi and its tributaries shall not be sub-
ject to a burden in every State the boundary of
which it enters ? Are our boats to be called in at
every crossing, and a tonnage duty levied on
them ? These are obstructions against which the
people would rebel, and rightfully, according to
the manner in which this Government is admin-
isteredin otherrespects. I askhim to say whether
it is fair that we should be subjected to these im-
positions, when the Federal Government makes
the navigation easy and cafe throughout the
whole extent of the Atlantic coast at a cost of
$1,500,000 annually.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit that there is no more
right to make the appropriation for one place
than for the other.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator says
that he did not vote for it, and ho asks me to find
the power. Is he not in the enjoyment of this
"plunder"and " robbery" ofthepublicTreasury
occasioned by the support of light-houses and
other facilities to commerce on the Atlanticcoast?
Is that honest?—is it fair?
Mr. TOOMBS. No.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But the Senator's
State enjoys it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have said that you taxed
my State for making her own communications.
England gets the benefit of them, the shipping
of the United States gets the bencfitof them. The
shipping carries away our products. These light-
houses do not benefit us.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But Georgia has
all these facilities for navigation without charge,
and so has every other State on the Atlantic, and
yet we find the most powerful opposition to im-
provements, such as are provided for in this bill,
coming from those States. Did the honorable
Senator, in looking at the proceedings of the
Federal Convention m regard to the power over
internal improvements, consider that those States
voted for the grant of power who wished to con-
nect themselves with large districts of country in
the interior, and that those States who voted
against it were small States who did not then
perceive that they had much interest in the prop-
osition? I believe this is the case in regard to
the proposal to give the Genera! Government
power to construct canals. I believe his State 
Mr. TOOMBS. Georgia voted for it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Because she had
an extensive territory running, then, to the Mis-
sissippi, and she wanted to have it improved.
She desired power to be given to keep open these
channels of communication. She has now sold
out her western territory. She has confined her- ;
self to the Atlantic slope, and joins with many of [
the Atlantic States in saying that wq of the West j
shall have no appropriations from the common
Treasury for the purpose of making these improve-
ments. I know that the honorable Senator does ^
not act on this ground; but it is well enough to !
look back at this point to see that there is not '
much to be drawn from the vote in the Federal
convention to winch ho alluded. How many of I
the members of that convention, who were counted I
among the nays in the vote which the Senator lias :
read, considered that the Government had already,
by the provisions of the Constitution, power to
make these improvements?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not one, as I read the de-
bates.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think some of the
Massachusetts delegation said they had the power
already. I think Mr. King said so.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; that was on another
question.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It was in regard
to the opening of communications between dif-
ferent States, under the commercial power.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; that was claimed by
nobody.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then it was the
power of erecting corporations.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. King said that they had
power to make commercial monopolies, not in-
ternal improvements.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is a long while
since I read the debates on this point; but I had
the idea that the votes given on these questions
were no test, in every instance, of the principles
which they meant to sanction either by an affirm-
ative or negative vote.
But, sir, the idea of excluding the great rivers
of the West, and the harbors oh the lakes, from
the benefit of the public Treasury, while the At-
lantic States continue to enjoy so large an expend-
iture annually and without question, no matter
who votes for it or against it, is, I think 
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question. Have not the lakes light-houses all
over them? Have not the western rivers light-
houses as well as the Atlantic coast wherever
they are necessary ? I know they are all over the
lakes. .
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. We have none on
the rivers. We go through them in all kinds of
weather, by night and day, meeting obstructions,
but we have no such facilities. The difficulties
of navigation increase the expense of insurance,
and the cost of transportation. All this falls not
on the navigator, but on that honest class of
yeomen, farmers and planters, upon whom the
honorable Senator dwelt so much. This is the
class that feels the burden now. If you institute
the Senator's system of tonnage duty, the op-
pression would be two or three fold what it is
now, and we should be compelled to use the
Georgia and South Carolina railroads in order to
get our produce to market. I know the Senator
does not mean to force us to that extremity, or
impose that burden upon us; but all these things
may fairly be ccygjriered when you come to
make up a verdict flPrhe question whether these
improvements ought to be continued or not.
I believe, sir, that we have never appropriated
more than $2,500,000at any one time for improve-
ments of this nature; but if you were to appro-
priate $4,000,000, or even $5,000,000, it would
be money well expended, although $2,000,000
might be wasted by negligence, to which all Gov-
ernment expenditures are liable.
I did not intend to enter into these questions.
My main object was to appeal to the Senator
from Georgia, on the question of equality and
the eternal principles of justice between the dif-
ferent sections and States, to know how he could
reconcile to his principles the appropriations annu-
ally made for affording facilities and safety to
commerce on the Atlantic coast and deny them to
the interior.
Mr. WILSON. I voted very cheerfully for
the two measures which have been vetoed by the
President—one for an improvement at the ex-
treme North and the other at the extreme South.
If the vote be taken to-day my name shall be re-
corded in the affirmative. Owing to an engage-
ment made long ago I shall not be able to be here
to-morrow, though if the question be not taken
then I shall be here next week. I shall vote in
favor of these measures m spite of the veto of the
President. I shall vote for any measure of this
character necessary for naval, military, or com-
mercial purposes. We have the largest tonnage
in the world, and I believe it to be the duty of the
Government on the Atlantic coast, on the Gulf
coast, on the Lakes, on the Pacific, to protect and I
to defend this commerce. |
But, sir, I am not surprised at this veto mes- :
sage. I suppose the people of the Northwest,
those who live on the great tier of lakes and on i
our inland seas, will be disappointed. They voted j
in 1852 under the strongest assurances that the I
Democratic candidate nominated at Baltimore in \
that year, if elected, would sustain measures of I
this character. Just prior to that election I spent I
several days in Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, and
Wisconsin; and the public press and the leading
public men assured the people of those regions,
who have a deep interest in the improvement of
these great inland seas, that if they would elect
Franklin Pierce President of the United States
their wishes would be gratified. It was admitted
to be true that the vote of the candidate of the
Democratic party in that year, when, in the
Senate and House of Representatives on former
occasions, had not been given for these measures;
but the people were assured that he then repre-
sented the sentiment of the Democracy of New
Hampshire, and that if elected for the Presidency
he would act for the whole country, for he knew
no North, no South, no Easi, no West.
The people gave their votes in generous con-
fidence. Their representatives have come into
this Chamber and into the other branch of Con-
gress, and have voted for these measures neces-
sary for the protection of the commerce of the
lakes; and the pledges which they gave four years
ago, the President has shown in this veto wera
made without foundation.
Sir, I do not know whether the chieftainsof
the Democratic party in the Northwest, in 1852,
received assurances from the candidate of the
Democratic party, as the Barnburners and Anti-
Slavery men of New York received assurances
that year upon which they acted; but they
promised the people, whether they spoke from
any hints or not; and the people honestly acted,
ana here is the fruit of their generous confidence.
But, sir, I suppose this is "of no account. He
goes to Cincinnati with the blaze of the burning
dwellings of Kansas, and that perhaps will redeem
all his shortcomings and all his faults !
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is, Shall this bill pass,
notwithstanding the objections of the President?
Upon this question the Constitution requires the
! yeas and nays to be entered upon the" Journal.
Is the Senate ready for the vote ?
Mr. MASON. I shall be obliged to trespass
on the attention of the Senate for a short time on
this question.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator will give way
for a motion to adjourn. I understand that other
gentlemen propose to address the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia yield the floor?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Air. CLAY. Other Senators desire to speak
on the subject. It is now four o'clock; I trust
the Senate will adjourn to give them the oppor-
tunity of being heard. One of them is not now
present; he left here under the full expectation
that the vote would not be taken to-day. I make
the motion that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will my friend from Ala-
bama withdraw the motion for a moment to allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall make no objection,
of course, to the adjournment, to allow the Sen-
ator from Virginia, or any other gentleman who
desires to address the Senate, an opportunity of
being heard; but I think there ought to be soma
understanding as to when the vote shall be taken
on this measure. If there are more than two or
three Senators who propose to speak, we may
not be able to fix an hour to-morrow for, taking
"the vote; but if there are no more than two or
three Senators who desire to be heard, I think we
should fix some hour to-morrow when the vote
will be taken. I do not understand that any other
gentleman than the Senator from Virginia, who
has just risen, and perhaps bis colleague, desires
to address the Senate. If not, and if there is no
suggestion of any further desire to debate the
question, I will move, before we adjourn, that the
vote be taken on this veto message, at four o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think that would be
doing justice to the opponents of this measure; I
i do not think that it would be exactly courteous to
; limit them to that time. The debate will proba-
j bly commence at one o'clock, and it may not be
| concluded by four.
i Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to suggest to the
honorable Senators that it is impossible for the
i Senate to make a resolution that the vote shall
be taken at any time; because there is no pre-
I vious question here to compel a vote.
