1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
Joint resolution (S. No. 24) for the benefit of
Susan Decatur, widow of Commodore Stephen
Decatur, late of the United States Navy.
The resolution directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to cause a pension certificate to be issued
to Susan Decatur, widow of Commodore Stephen
Decatur, late of the United States Navy, at the
rate of fifty dollars per month, for five years, to
cease on the death or marriage of said Susan De-
catur.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
An act (S. No. 211) making a reappropriation,
from the surplus fund, for the relief of Lieutenant
John Guest, United States Navy, and others.
[Objected to by Mr. Letter.]
An act (S. No. 310) for the relief of Horatio
J. Perry. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
An act (S. No. 407) for the relief of Francis A.
Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly.
The act directs the Secretary of tlie Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Francis A. Gibbons and
FrancisX. Kelly $31,190 54,mfullfor the balance
due them, under their contract with the United
States for the building of light-houses in Califor-
nia and Oregon.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. BRENTON, by general consent, with-
drew his objection to Senate bill (No. 308) for
the relief John H. Scranton and James M. Hunt,
owners of the steamer Major Tompkins.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury cause to be paid to John H. Scranton
and James M. Hunt, owners of the steamer Ma-
jor Tompkins, $9,600, in full satisfaction for ser-
vices rendered, and for the risk, loss, and dam-
ages incurred in saving the United States mails
and treasure, and in rescuing the passengers and
crew which were on board the steamer South-
erner at the time of the wreck of that vessel on
the uninhabited coast of "Washington Territory,
in December, 1854, and for the clothing and sub-
sistence necessarily furnished to said passengers
and crew.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. CADWALADER, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his objection to Senate bill (No. 222)
for the relief of Abraham Kmtzing; which had
been amended by reducing the amount to $319 50.
The bill, as amended, provides that there be
paid, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Abraham Kmtzing, late
special examiner of drugs at Philadelphia, $319 5.0,
being the difference between his salary, as special
examiner, and that of the assistant appraiser, for
three months and twenty-five days, the period
during which he performed the duties of the latter
oiUce, in addition to his own, in consequence of
the death of its incumbent.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the consent of the
committee to withdraw my objections to Senate
bill No. 261.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have gone
over the Calendar and laid aside a great many
bills. Now, sir, I object to going back to with-
draw objections to any other bills which have
been passed over.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman from
Tennessee objects to the withdrawal of anymore
objections, and as we have gone through the Cal-
endar of Senate bills, I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker haying
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, hail the Private Calendar
under consideration, and had directed him to report
sundry bills to the House, some with, and some
without, amendments, with a recommendation
tlfot they do pass; also, a hill, with the recom-
mendation that it be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order, was the bill of the Senate (No. 32) for
the relief of Rebecca Freeman, which was re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, with
the recommendation that it be laid on the table.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House con-
cur with the recommendation of the Committee
of the Whole in rcspcct to the other bills just
reported.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
declared the bills passed as recommended by the
committee.
The following are the bills passed:
An act for the relief of John Tucker;
An act for the relief of Josiah S. Little;
An act for the relief of Anthony Rankin, of
Tennessee;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Jabez B.
Rooker, deceased;
An act for the relief of Sally T. Mathews;
An act for the relief of John M. Mcintosh;
An act for the relief of Isaac Cook and others;
An act for the relief of Abraham Kintzing;
An act for the relief of James Davidson, of
Kentucky;
An act for the relief of F. A. Cunningham,
paymaster United States Army;
An act granting a pension to Benjamin Berry,
a soldier of the Revolution;
An act granting a revolutionary pension to
Sarah Blount;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Halsey,widow
of Zephaniah Halsey, an officer of the Revolu-
tion;
An act for the relief of Nancy Bowen and Sarah
Larrabee;
An act granting a pension to Nancy M. Gun-
sally, formerly widow of Lyman M. "Richmond,
deceased;
An act granting five years'half pay to Mrs.
Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Turner, deceased;
An act for the relief of Franck Taylor;
An act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier
General John B. Walbach, of the United States
Army;
An act for the relief of Eliza B. McNeil;
An act for the relief of Nathan M. Lounsbury.
An act for the relief of Ambrose Lanfear, of
Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Hannibal Faulk and
Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow Scriber,) and
the heirs and legal representatives of Benjamin
Scriber, deceased;
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, and
of Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel Ran-
dall;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Mary Jemi-
son, deceased;
An act for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt, owners of the steamer Major
Tompkins; and
A resolution for the benefit of Susan Decatur,
widow of Commodore Stephen Decatur, late of
the United States Navy.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bills were passed; and also
move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bills have
never been passed. The question has not been
taken on their passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the House has,byavote taken by unani-
mous consent, passed the bills.
Mr. JONES. The House has neither ordered
the bills to a third reading, nor had them read the
third time. I must say that this is indeed a nice
way to legislate for the country. |
The SPEAKER. The Chair presented the j
only question it could present under the order of;
the House. j
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the t
table. !
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES. !
Mr. EVANS presented resolutions of the Le- I
gislature of Texas in relation to the compromise j
measures of 1850, the Kansas-Nebraska act, and
the repeal or modification of the said Ivansas-
Nebraka act, or any of said compromise meas-
ures; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed; and Mr. E. obtained the consent
of the House to publish some remarks upon the
resolutions. |
GRADUATION PERIODS—LOUISIANA. j
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the Commit- ■
tec on Public Lands be discharged from the fur- j
ther consideration of an act (S. No. 204) to fix i
the graduation periods for lands in the Greens
burg district, in the State of Louisiana, in order
that it may be put on its passage.
Objection was made to the motion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of having action on that
bill.
The rules were suspended, and the Committee
on Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill for the relief of the representatives and
sureties of Robert King, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
Kentucky.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting reports from the Secretaries of the
Treasury,War, Navy, and Interior Departments,
and the Postmaster General, m compliance with
a resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 17th April, 1856, requesting to have prepared
and presented to the House of Representatives a
statement showing the appropriations made by the
Thirty-First, Thirty-Second, and Thirty-Third
Congresses, distinguishing the appropriations
made at each session of each Congress; distin-
guishing also the appropriations made on the
recommendation of the President, heads of De-
partments, or heads of bureaus, from those that
were made without such recommendation; and
showing what expenditures have been made by
the Government in each fiscal year, commencing
with the 1st day of July, 1850, and ending on the
30th day of June, 1855; and also what, if any,
defalcations have occurred from the 30th day of
June, 1850, to the 1st day of July, 1855, and the
amount of such defalcations, severally; and such
other information as may be in his (the Presi-
dent's) power, bearing upon the matters above
mentioned; which, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
COPY-RIGHT.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee on the Judiciary an act (S.
No. 239) supplemental to an act entitled "An act
to amend several acts respecting copy-right," ap-
proved February 3, 1831.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to suspend the
rules.
The rules were suspended; and
Mr. SIMMONS reported back the bill, which
was thereupon ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WIISTSLOW. I move to take from the
Speaker's table an act (S. 227) for the further
improvement of the Cape Fear river.
The hour of half past four o'clock, p.m., having
arrived, the House took a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
MILITARY ROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. SAPP. I wish to report, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, a hill (S. JNo. 337) for
the construction of a military road from some
