1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
commanders ami lieutenants might be present;
mi-*ht hear, weigh, comment, deliberate upon, and
imvariliv digest all the affirmative and dissenting
opinions as "to the eficiency of the sixty-eight cap-
Ituns, but that they should not " examine into"
such erfieteii cy. Many of the official papers before
the K* rd were separate and distinct official reports
upon the rit«, the ignorance, the negligence, and
the i t iN|M<tncu of parties; and to say that the
commanders ana lieutenants may be present, may
see and read them all, or see ana hear them read,
may store their minds with their contents, and
thai such a cause would be a compliance with the
terms of the proviso, is repugnant to the dictates
of common sense. Sir, the proviso was a wise
one, and was doubtless designed expressly, and,
as a matter of vital importance to the discipline
of the service, to preclude the junior officers from
hearing the efficiency of their superiors canvassed
and passed upon.
They were not to " examine" into the efficiency
of their superiors; and yet it is pretended that
they could near, see, weigh, consider, and delib-
erate upon every particle of proof upon which
that efficiency must depend. What constitutes ,
an examination if this does not? Is it not thus
that a lawyer, a doctor, a jurist, or a historian,
examines a question of fact? And, sir, if these (
juniors could not be present in person, could they '
lie there by their short-hand reporters, their i
friends, or the public ? No, sir, the position as- |
sumed on this point cannot be maintained; it
involves a self-evidenl absurdity.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to ask the Senator a
question for information. I understand him to
say, that when the captains, for instance, were
inquiring into the efficiency of captains, the junior
officers were not to be present. Were they not
competent witnesses, and were they not made
witnesses in this investigation, in regard to the
charges against higher officers, in whose removal
they were directly interested ? ,
Air. MALLORY. I am unable to give the
answer which the Senator desires. I do not know
the fact. I only know that they were not present,
and I know that the law distinctly states that
they should not be present. And, sir, upon this
point the opinion of the Attorney General, who
was freely and fully consulted by the Secretary
of the Navy upon all the details of these proceed- !
ings, was decided. He says: j
" Whatever the board of officers may report u the result
of their consideration and reflection will be advisory of
coarse, and no more; bat it is, nevertheless, a doty of
obvious delicacy, and of great importance, in so far as it
may tend to inform the conscience, and influence the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Navy, or the President.
" Nov, it is to be observed, that the act, in the general
course of its provisions, speaks of the board asatmit, which
is to examine, to report, and to recommend, as one board,
having conjoint authority in this respect coextensive with j
the ■object-matter; that is, embracing all the grades of the
Navy above that of midshipman, the effect of which, if there I
were nothing in the act to prevent it, would be that die lire
lieutenants of the board and the five commanders would
pass upon the question of the competency of their superior*
in rank.
" Tbe inconvenience of tins appears to have been present j
to tbe mind of Congress, which foresaw that any action of j
tbe officers of s lower rank on those of a snperior rank in :
this matter would be subject to the imputation of interest, |
and so possess impaired moral weight, and would also have 1
disadvantageous tendencies in tbe relation of the discipline ;
of tbe Navy.
"Accordingly, the aet contains the following proviso:
" ' PrvvidtiL, That no officers upon said board shall ex-
amine into, or report upon, the efficiency of officers of a
grade above them.'
"And the question to be determined is of the whole extent
of the legal operation of this proviso. Upon this, my opin-
ion is positive and explicit.
" Numerous examples might be cited, in which question
has arisen as to the coarse to l>e pursued by an arbitrator,
a judge, or other member of a plural body, when that person
is, by interest or other lawful impediment, precluded from
participating in tbe decision; and it is generally held that,
u such case, he ought not to participate in the deliberation
which precedes the decision.
" The reason assumed in the books for this crane is a
good one. If the person who lias not the right to concur in
the decision participate in tbe deliberation, or be so much
as .present even, it is impossible to kuow whether he has
or has not influenced the result. (Fox vt. Hazleton, 10.
Pick,277; Strong vi. Strong, Law Rep., Vol.7., p. 459.)
" In the present matter, another objection applies, which
is tbe ansuitableness of an official discussion of the com-
petency of superior officers, even by their peers, in the
presence of inferior offiqw having no official duty in the
premises. w
" I think, therefore, that tbe effect of tbe proviso is to
require the board to be subdivided ii tbe process of its
.New Series—No. 37.
action, and to make three distinct sub-reports, which
together shall constitute the general report.
" That is to say, the entire body will sit together, delib-
erate and determine, and, by proper means, authenticate
their conclusion as to lieutenants, masters, and passed mid-
shipmen ; after that, the lieutenants will have to retire, and
the captains and commanders will net in regard to all officers
of the rank of commander; when the commanders must
retire, and the captains will act as to officers of that rank.
All the examinations having thus been made, and tlie proper
Judgment reached, in the manner contemplated by the law,
the sum total of the opinions will be certified to the Secre-
tary in such form of authentication as he, in his regulations,
shall see fit to prescribe.
" I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
C. CUSIIING.
" Hon. Jakes C. Dobbin, Secretory of the Navy."
As to the objection that the board did not give
a hearing and atrial, I am glad that I am relieved
from discussing this part of the subject at length
by the admissions of the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard.] He concedes very frankly that
this board was not a court, tliougn other Sena-
tors have contended for that position. He sur-
renders the argument; and, if I understood his
speech correctly, I have not had the opportunity
of reading it, for it has not been published—he
admitted that they were not called upon to act and
investigate in public.
Mr. BAYARD. Undoubtedly the honorable
Senator understands me rightly. I thought that
the correct construction of the law. I made that
objection to the law, and I considered that this
required us to remedy its defects.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator's
admission on this point will, of course, go much
further than any argument of mine. I only say
that the idea that this board were a court, to give
a trial, a hearing, and a judgment, when they liad
no power to appoint a clerk, to summon a witness,
to punish for contempt, or to maintain the order
of their own body, is to my mind a palpable error.
Did the board constitute such'a court as the Con-
stitution provides for ? What were they called
upon to do? Why, to report; and do courts
report ? What and to whom were they to report ?
Their opinions to the Executive. Did that con-
stitute them a court? Had they in any sense of
the term judicial powers; or had they any duty
to perform under the act which the Executive or
the Navy Department could not have imposed
upon them without this act ?
W enow come, sir, to the second objection urged
against the board'saction, viz: that it did not make
that careful examination which the law prescribed.
Were it not, sir, that the Senator from Missis-
sippi, for whom I have great respect, earnestly
discussed this point, I would dismiss it as sug-
gestive of its own refutation. Some gentlemen,
in discussing this question, have gravely intro-
duced an arithmetical calculation, based upon the
number of officers passed upon, and the time of
the board's session, to show that fifteen minutes
and a fraction were absolutely all that were de-
voted to the case of every man who was reserved
or dropped; and this statement has been gravely
reiterated in the face of the letter of the president
of the board expressly controverting it. (See
Report Naval Committee, p. 29.)
To refute this bold and broad assertion, I have
but to state the character of the examination in !
the case of Lieutenant Bartlett, which has been so
much dwelt upon here. The board, in this case,
took it up, examined, and discussed it on four
different aays.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator state where
he gets that information as to the action of the
board in reference to Mr. Bartlett ?
Mr. MALLORY. I inquired for my own sat-
isfaction of a member of the board, and he looked
at his record and told me so.
Mr. MASON. The Senator got it, then, from
one member of the board. Did that member of
the board keep a record ?
Mr. MALLORY. I believe he kept a private
record.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the presi-
dent of the board states that he kept a record for
himself.
Mr. MALLORY. When I say " record," I
do not, of course, use the word in its legal sense.
1 am speaking in the popular sense. Memoranda
were kept.
Mr. MASON. I desire information Whether'j
one of the members of the board informed the I
lacuons 01 mis Doaru ior nis information ot
:ases upon which the board passed?
r. MALLORY. That is my understanding,
re were three boards, properly speaking, and
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs that
he or any other member of the board kept any
memoranda ?
Mr. BAYARD. The president of the board
says so in his communication.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will look at
the report of the Committee on Naval Affairs he
will see there what the president of the board
says.
Mr. MASON. I am asking for information
whether any member of the board informed the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs that
he kept a private memorandum in writing of the
transactions of this board for his information of
the cases up
Mr.
There were three boards, properly speaking,
each had a secretary. There was a secretary to
the whole board of fifteen, but I do not know
that he kept a record when the whole board was
together. A number of them always kept mem-
oranda, so that they should be able to enlighten
the executive judgment as to every distinct case;
and the President of the United States might have
known, and may know now, or at any time, the
reasons for the action of the board in every indi-
vidual case in detail. It was in their power to
give him the information, which was at all times
within his control.
Mr. MASON. I wish to ask the chairman of
the committee another question, if I am not inter-
rupting him unpleasantly. I understand that the
Committee on Naval Affairs—I heard it inform-
ally out of doors—had some of the officers of the
board before them on examination. Will the
chairman be good enough to state whether these
officers thus examined before that committee
produced before them any of these private mem-
oranda, or whether the evidence which they
gave the committee was taken from those private
papers?
Mr. MALLORY. Some members of the naval
board were summoned before the committee for the
purposes of an examination which did not call for
the production of any of those memoranda; and I
am not aware that any were produced, or any in-
formation given which rendered it proper for them
to consult their memoranda. Up to this time, I
have never seen one of them. I understand that
! each member of the board kept a memorandum
to have the means of informing the Executive of
the ground of action in each individual ca*e.
This was voluntary on their part. It was not
proscribed by the law; not prescribed by the reg-
ulations; but memoranda were kept, for the pur-
pose I have stated.
j But, sir, to return to the point of "careful ex-
amination." Will the Senator from Mississippi
j [Mr. Adams] tell me precisely what was meant
by the term "careful examination ?" And if he
1 cannot, and undertakes to infer what was meant
by the light of his awn judgment, will he not
allow the Executive, the Secretary, and the
board to do the same ? Is it not manifest, that
the law left this to the discretion of those who
: were to carry it into effect? The board did make
I an examination; and before we undertake to
| determine how " careful" it was, we must have
| some knowledge of the intellects, industry,
j powers of analysis, and knowledge of the sub-
ject possessed by its members; for a careful
, examination might be made by one party in a
I day, which would require a week for another
| party to perform; and, with all proper deference
j for the opinions of gentlemen here upon naval
j affairs, I apprehend that the board knew as well
I how to conduct and accomplish a careful exam-
ination of the efficiency of their peers as them-
selves.
The Senator from Mississippi well knows that
he could carefully examine, in one day, subjects
which would require this board six months to
accomplish. He equally knows the truth of the
converse of the proposition, that they could give
anenlightened judgment upon some questions, on
an examination of one day, which it would re-
quire him six months to examine. Why, then,
does he undertake to set up his standard of what
should constitute a careful examination of a sub-
ject of which he may know but little, ill opposi-
tion to that of the board ? This is altogether a
matter of discretion. When Congress imposed
