1314
TljE CQNGRESSiONAL GLOftff.
May 27,
of that. All I ask" is an opportunity to submit si-
few remarks on the subject, - ■
Mr. PECK. Is this discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.:
Mr. PECK. Then 1 object to it.
•Mr. CRAIGE. Then I hope the House will
tefuse to be gagged on this bill. I trust the call
for theprevious question will not be seconded.
The House was divided on seconding the call
for the previous question, and there were—ayes
57, noes 54.
Mr. WALBRIDGE asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Comins and
Craige were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 55.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES. I now move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. A call of the House is pre-
cluded at this stage of the proceedings, under the
rules.
Mr. JONES. Is not that after the main ques-
tion is ordered?
The SPEAKER. It is precluded after a sec-
onding of the previous question.
Mr. JONES. Would it be in order to recon-
sider the vote which has just been taken ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it would be in order.
Mr. JONES. I then make that motion. Will
it be in order to call the yeas and nays upon it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, in-
asmuch as it is the practice of the House to de-
cide that question by tellers, the House should
follow the same mode on a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Did the gentleman from
Tennessee vote with the majority? If not he
cannot move to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chairt
to say.
_Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
himself how he voted?
Mr. JONES. There is no record of it at the
desk.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
motions on a reconsideration of a vote seconding
the previous question should follow the mode of
taking that vote, and be taken by tellers, and not
by the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES. Then I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Kelly were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 39.
So the motion to reconsidcr was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. JONES. I movo to lay the bill upon the
table.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I desire to correct the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings in reference to my motion to
postpone the consideration of the California land
claims bill. My motion was not only to postpone,
but also to print, and the latter part of the motion
Is omitted on the Journal. Butif the House will
now order the bill to be printed it will answer my
purpose, and save a correction of the Journal.
No objection being made, an order was made
to that eti'ect.
MESSAGE FROII THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickivs, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 294) for
the relief of the widow and children of W. S.
Derrick, deceased; in which he was directed* to
ask the concurrence of the House.
MICHIGAN LAND BILL AGAIN.
The question recurring on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
■which were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bingham, Bo-
cock, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Oaskic, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Cox. C'ia*ge5 Crawioid, Cumback, Day, Dick, Ed-
munds-on, 'Euirte, English, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Giddings,Goode, Grow. J. Moirison Kairits, Har-
rison, Haven, Hoffman. Holloway, Valentine B. Horton,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kunkel,Letcher,Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall,'McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Mor-
rill, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Perry, Puryear,Reade,
Rivers, Ruffm, Scott, William Smith, Sneed, Stanton,
Stewart, Talbott, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Vail,
Valk, Wakeman, Warner, Watkins, Winslow, and Wood
—67.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Barksdale,
Bell, Ilemy Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bishop, Bowie,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Lewi* D Camp-
bell, Caruthcr«, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Williamson
R W. Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin,CuIlen, Da
vidson, Timothy Davis, Dtck on, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfoc,
Edie, Edwards Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Granger, Herbeit,
IIughston, Kelly, Kelsey,Knapp, Knight, Knotvlton, Lake,
Luidlev, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Killian Miller, Mor-
gan, Murray, Pcclc, Pclton, Pennington, Pottit, Phelps,
I'ike, Poner, Prmgle, Rirnud, Uicbaidson, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sandulge, Sapp, William R. Smith,Tappan,Taylor,
Thonngton, Thmston, Ty>on, Wade, Walbndge, Wal-
dron, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Wells, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth—80.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
tabic.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BARCLAY stated that he had been de-
tained from his duties in the House for some ume
past by seven* indisposition.
Mr. DENVER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. HARLANduring this week and the next.
Mr. KE1TT stated that Mr. Orr was ill and
unable to attend to his duties in the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, stated that he was
out of the House attending to duties upon a spe-
cial committee ordered by the House when his
name wns called, and asked leave to vote.
Mr. JONES. My own opinion is, that the
gentleman from Ohio, being absent under an order
of the House, is entitled to vote. I know that
such was not held to be the case last Congress,
but my own opinion is otherwise, and that, when
a gentleman is absent upon service on a commit-
tee or otherwise, by direction of the House, he
should be for all purposes considered as present,
and, if he comes in after a vote is announced,
have the right to have his vote recorded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire, for
information, whether or not a gentleman has the
right to sit on a committee while the House is in
session ?
The SPEAKER. Such is the order of the
House, embodied in the resolution. The decis-
ion of the Chair is, that the gentleman is entitled
to vote.
Mr. Campbell then recorded his vote.
Mr. GREENWOOD. After the special com-
mittee, of which I am a member, determined to
sit during the session of the House, notknowing
what order the House might take in regard to the
right of the members of the committee to vote, I
paired off with Mr. Bliss for to-day. That gen-
tleman, if prscent, would vote to lay the bill upon
the table: f should vote against it.
The question recurring upon ordering the main
question,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oruered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 62; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Barclay, Baiksdale, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bbhop, Bowie. Brenton,
Bioom. Buffinton, Burhngame, Caruthcrs, Chaffee, Claw-
son, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comma, Covode,
Crag'm, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Tim-
othy Davis Dick&ou, Dowdell, Durfce, Edie, Edwaids,
Emrie, Enstis, Evans, Flagler, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Ileibeit, lluchston, Kelly, KeUev, Kfiapp, Knt&ht, Know!-
ton. Lake, Lmdley, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, ICilhan
Millei, Milhviud, Morgan, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Pettit, PheJpx, Porter, Purigle, Richardson, Sabin,
Sage, Sandidco, Sapp, Simmon?, William R. Smith, Spin-
ner, Tappan, Taylor. Thormgton, Thmston, Wade, Wal-
brulge, Waldion, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washbtirne,
Israel Washlmin, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff,
and Woodwoith—83
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bingham,
Bianeh, Bumelt, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Clingman,
Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige, Ciawtbrd, Cumback, Day,
Dick, Edmundson, English, Foster. Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Cor de, Giow, J. Monison Harris, Harrison,
Iiaven, Holloway, Valentine B. IJoiton,George W. Jones,
Keitt, Ivunkel, Letchei, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Miilson, Mornll, Nichols, An-
dievv Oliver, Paine, Puryear, Uuitman, Reade, Ricaud,
Rivere, Ruffiu} Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stanton, Stewati, Taibdtt, l^afYon, Trippe,
ramer, Watkins, WinMow, and Wood—62.
, Vail,
Snefcd, «
Valk, W;
So the main question was ordered,
Mr. LETCHER. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to go to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. MACE. )'s it in order to enter a motion
to recommit the bill ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to ask whether
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr,
Letcher] is in order? The previous question
having been seconded, and the main question
ordered, the nextqaestion is on the third reading
of the bill. I ask whether any other business
can intervene ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion,
the question being raised,that theprevious ques-
tion having been seconded, and the main question
ordered, a motion to go to the business on the
Speaker's table is not in order pending that ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES. Is it not in order to move to
adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JO^ES. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn; but, first, I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Friday next.
The question was taken by division; and the
Speaker announced the vote to be—ayes 19, noes
82; not a quorum voting.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. fcOBB, of Alabama, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasii-
burne, of Wisconsin, and Letcher, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 16, noes 94.
No quorum having voted,
The SPEAKER again, no objection being made,
submitted the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 10, nays 130; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
George W. Jones, Kent, Letcher, Alexander IC. Marshall,
McQueen, Baffin, and Welch—10.
NAYS— Messrs*. Albright, Allen, Allison, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Darksdalp, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst,
Bingham, Bishop, Bowk*, Bradubaw. Branch, Brenton,
Bioom. Bullinton, Binhngame, Burnett, Lewis'D. Camp-
bell, Carothers, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Chirk, Williamson
K. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comnis, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Craw-
ford, Cumback, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dick, Dickson. Dodd, Dowdell, Durfce,Edie,
Edmundson, Ed wards, Emrie, English. Eustis, Evans, Flag-
ler, Foster, Galloway, Gddmgs, Gilbert, Giauger, Grow,
J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Havert, Herbert, Holloway,
Valentine B. Horton, Hughsten, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowtton, KunkeJ. Lake, Lmdley, Samuel 3,
Marshall, Maxwell, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Million,
Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Murrav, Nichols, Andrew Oli-
ver, Parker, Peek, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Pringte,
Puiviance, iPurvear, Q-uitman, Reade, Ricaud,.Roberts, Sa-
bin, Sage, Sanchdg<*,Sapp,Soo!t, Simmons, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinnei, Stanton, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Tappan, Taylor, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburnc,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welsh, Williams, Woodruff,
and Woodwoith—130.
So the motion to adjourn till Friday was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurring; on the motion to ad-
journ, it was taken by division, and the Speaker
announced the vote to be—ayes 17, noes 90.
No quorum having voted,
Mr. COBB called for tellers.
Mr. JOINES called for the yeas and nays, and
for tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered on the yeas and naysr,
and the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered on the motion to adjourn;
and Messrs. Bujlinghurst and Quitman were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
ayes 10, noes 110.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to lay the bill
on the table; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, eighteen
members only seconding the call.
Mr. LETCHER called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
