§88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
ing, practically, a portion of the Constitution of
the United States. I am sorry to say that this
legislation has existed to a considerable extent;
but yet it is supported by public opinion to a j
much less extent than many suppose. It is not
the voice of the people in those^ States where it
has taken place. It is not the voice of the masses
of the people. It is not the voice of the patriotic
people. It is the result of transient and tempo-
rary causes, and it will cease when the public
reason again is heard and obeyed.
Mr. President, parties in this country are re-
solving themselves rapidly into two divisions.
On the one side are the men who stand up for
the Constitution given to us by our ancestors,
which we have inherited from them—the greatest
legacy ever transmitted by any noble generation
to their posterity—the men who stand by the
Constitution and by the laws and institutions of
the country, and maintain them at every hazard.
The other consists of those who, in various forms
and under various covers, are waging war upon
that Constitution in some of its provisions. I
am glad that the issue is being made. I am glad
that it is to go to the people of this country. I
have the profoundest respect for the deliberate
sentiment of the people. It is the grand tribunal
to-which every question must be submitted 011
this continent. It is, in myjudgmenf, the only
legitimate source of power in any G-ovcrnment.
It is, in fact, the great element by which this
continent is governed, and is, I trust, to he gov-
erned for all time to come. Nay, more, sir; it is
the great element by which, in the progress of
time, the whole world is to be governed in its
political affairs. I say the issue is now being
submitted to the people of this country, and I
doubt not what will be the verdict of the people
upon it. Their verdict will be for the (Jmon, fur
the Constitution, for the supremacy of the laws,
for that system of law which lies at the founda-
tion of all modern civilization in this country, and,
I may say, in other countries in modified forms.
Well, sir, wo have a portion of this issue on the
battle-field of Kansas. Affairs there are reach-
ing an issue in which are ranged on one side the
friends of law, of government, of peace, of order;
and on the other side I hope and trust there will
be rangedjio antagonist. I apprehend that when
the issue comes there, it will be found that the
strength is all on one side. One thing I know,
that the chicf executive magistrate of the Union
has issued his proclamation and his orders; and
if in that Territory there is anything like insur-
rection or rebellion against the constituted gov-
ernment and the laws which are in force, and the
courts of justice and the ministerial officers who
are there by your authority, they will meet the
troops of this country under the command of the
officers of the Government—under the Hag of the
Union—against which, thus far in thehistoiy of
America, an American citizen has never raised a
weapon. No, sir, there will be no sectional con-
flict there. There will be no conflict between one
portion of the people and another portion of the.
people. If there shall be any conflict, it will be
between the government of the Territory, sup-
ported by the Government of the Union, sup-
ported by the troops of the United States and the
militia of the Territory, on the one hand, and
those who choose to range themselves under the
flag of insurrection and rebellion on the other.
Well, sir, is not this as it should be? I gave
my vote for the bill organizing the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska. I did. so because it was
agreed between the supporters of that bill from
the South and from the North, from slaveholdmg
States and from non-slaveholdmg States, that
the vexed question of the domestic institutions
of a State, inchoate or present, should be left to
the people of the community whose institutions
were about to be established. I adhere to the
policy of that bill. It is the policy which was
inaugurated when the first European settlement
was planted on this continent. It is the policy
which was inaugurated at the rock of Plymouth,
at Jamestown, and in all the original thirteen
colonies. It is the policy which was carried out
year after year, century after century, until we
became confederated as one Government. The
passage of the bill to which I have alluded carried
out that policy of the right and power of the
people in every community to regulate their own
internal affairs, as much now, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as under the colonial
system—as much now as under the Government
of Great Britain—as much now as before the
Constitution was adopted. This Government
was inaugurated under that policy, and every
State in the Union acts upon that principle. We
intended that this great question of the domestic
institutions and policy of a State should be de-
termined by its own people. This Government
could not have been formed without that arrange-
ment of its powers; and it cannot exist without
the continuation of that arrangement of itspowers.
This policy I mean to support. Senators from
the southern portion of• the Union, who were
friends of that bill, maintained the same line of
policy. All who supported the bill concurred in
it. I deny that this Government has any power
over slavery anywhere, cxcept where it is ex-
pressly granted in the Constitution in two cases.
One is to prohibit the foreign slave trade, which
has been alreadydone, and with regard to which
there is not now any diversity of opinion. The
other is for the restoration of fugitives from ser-
vice. You may begin with the first letter of the
Constitution, and you may search to the last
letter of the last amendment of the Constitution,
and I defy the wit of man to discern in it any
control of Congress over that institution any-
where, save only in those two instances, unless
it may be within the immediate purlieus of this
Capitol.
Holding that to be the true construction of the
Constitution; being indeed the only grant of
power which it contains over this subject; leaving
it m every instance to the several States where it
exists, or to the people of the Territories—1 say
we have, by this bill, gone back to the original
policy of the country—the policy which prevailed
down to 18:20, and to which we reverted in 1850.
Having applied it, as we then did, to the Terri-
tories of New Mexico and Utah, we have now
applied it to Kansas and Nebraska. That policy
we mean to maintain honestly—the policy of
leaving this question to the people, the bona fide
settlers. They shall pass on the question. They
shall present their constitution to Congress; and
whateverprovisionthat constitution may contain
on the subject, we have no control over it. They
have a right to dispose of it for themselves. The
advocates of the policy embraced m the Kansas-
Nebraska bill intend to carry out that principle
and to abide by it m good faith.
Sir, is it not right? Is there in any portion of
the country a man so mean and despicable that
he is not willing to accord to his fellow-citizens
m every part of this broad country the same
rights and privileges which he himself enjoys.
Is there any class of men who will stand up be-
fore an enlightened public sentiment and main-
tain that they are to exercise powers and privi-
leges which, under the Constitution and laws of
the country, are not to be exercised by people m
other portions of the Union? Sir, we mean to
maintain the equality of the States. We mean ■
to maintain the equal rights of every portion of ]
the country. We mean to maintain the doctrine 1
of popular sovereignty, not the doctrine of squat- j
ter sovereignty—il' we are to understand that to |
mean, as my friend from South Carolina seems j
to do, insuncction and rebellion. I know of no j
rights of insurrection and rebellion under a gov- :
ernment of laws; and if that is the meaning of j
squatter sovereignty, I know the distinguished j
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] will utterly '
repudiate it. Sir, I wish to call things by their !
right names, and when I apply the term "popu- I
lar sovereignty," I mean the sovereignty of the j
people—the men occupying a portion of the ter- 1
ritory of the Union. They have the rights of
American citizens; and it is the necessary result
of those rights that they may govern themselves
and regulate their own internal affairs, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, the policy of that bill we mean to
maintain. We mean to maintain it m Kansas.
The whole power of the country iifthe hands of
the present Executive is intended to be put in re-
quisition there, for the purpose of upholding the
rights of the people of Kansas. The Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has had the
courtesy to send to my table a copy of his speeches
on this subject during the present session; and
they are headed, 44 The wrongs of Kansas."
Well, sir, we mean to vindicate the rights of the
people of Kansas, from whatever quarter they
may be invaded. There is no portion of this
Chamber, I hope, that will undertake in any man-
ner, under any cover, or under any pretext, to
withhold from the bona jide settlers of Kansas
the exorcise of the power conferred on them by
the bill that was introduced into this body, and
pressed through by my honorable friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas.]
We were honest in advocating the doctrine of
popular sovereignty—in advocating the rights of
the people—in advocating the doctrine of exclud-
ing slavery agitation from the halls of Congress.
We have enough to do here, if we devote our-
selves to our appropriate legislative business,
without interfering with the domestic affairs of
people thousands of miles from us, with whom
we are unacquainted, whose community we have
never visited, among whom we do not live, whose
wants we do not know, and whose wants they are
perfectly able of providing for and taking care of
themselves, without our help.
Sir, I did challenge Senators on the other side
to show a state of facts, prior to the time when
the President interfered, which would justify him
in interfering and calling out the troops. What
have the Senators done? Have they pointed to
any such state of things? Did they know that
there was a Constitution, and that there were
laws limiting and directing the action of the Ex-
ecutive ? Doubtless they did; but they did not
condescend to allude to them. They did not
condescend to show that a state of facts existed
to justify the President in calling out the troops
of the United States to enforce order in Kansas,
down to the period of which I spoke; that is,
down to the period when the Governor of Kansas
sent a telegraphic communication to the Presi-
dent, and when he responded to it,—down to the
period when the chiefs of the free-State party,
as they call themselves, sent their demand to the
President for his proclamation, and for an order
for troops. Until thai time, they have not shown
that any state of facts existed justifying an inter-
ference." They purported to answer me, but they
did not answer me. They did not attempt to
show any fact, or any state of facts, within the
act of Congress or within the Constitution, which
would justify the President in calling out military
force. Will any man say that if there is illegal
voting ot an election, the President of the United
States has a right to call out troops after the
election is over for the purpose of applying a
remedy? What would be the use of that? Or if
it is anticipated that there will be illegal voting,
is it to be prevented by Sharpens rifles? Is that
the mode to test elections?
The Senator from New Hampshire alluded to
the case of the Burns rescue at Boston. In that
case there was a process of the United States in
tiie hands of the marshal. The law of the United
States was being executed, when men rose up and
rebelled against, resisted the execution of, the law.
The posse comitates was called out, and troops were
ordered to"aid the posse comitates. Undoubtedly
an interference of that kind was justifiable in that
ease. Has there been any such thing in Kansas?
Does either of the Senators on the other side in-
dicate any such thing ? Not a word of it? They
have read letters, they have detailed hearsay, and
they have alluded to newspapers, to show that
there were conflicts at the polls, and we arc told
those that applied force have left the Territory.
The executive department knew nothing of it
until it was all over; and then if there was any
illegality, the Governor hnd aright to pnss upon
it, and after he had passed upon it, the respective
Houses of the Legislature had a right to pass
upon it, and their decision was final. What then ?
Does either of the Senators who have spoken
against the President and his action undertake to
say that at either election there was ground to
justify calling out the militia, or calling out the
troops of the United States, to prevent illegal
voting? They have not attempted to do any such
thing. On the contrary, instead of debating the
question before the Senate, instead of meeting the
challenge which I threwdown to them,they evade
it, and make it an occasion to deliver addresses
Suitable for certain purposes, but are not adapted
to any purpose connected with debate here in the
Senate Chamber.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that Congress shall have power " to provide for
