578
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
upon the board the duty of making a careful ex-
amination, it conferred on them the right of de-
ciding as to what that careful examination should
be. If theyhad made no examination, I acknowl-
edge there would have been force in the argu-
ment; but, having made the examination, they
made it in the exercise of their discretion. Let
me give an illustration: If a court has authority
to inflict, for a certain offense, a fine of not less
than $500 nor more than $5,000, and inflicts, in
fact, a fine of $500 where the offense required
j)5,000, and vice versa, it would be an exercise of
discretion, ah unwise one to be sure, but one
■which could not be inquired into by any other
tribunal. If, however, the court should inflict a
fine of less than $500, or more than $5,000, thus
exceeding the discretion conferred on it, it would
furnish just ground for reversing the judgment.
Here the board undertook to judge what a care-
ful examinatic.i should be, and they have made
it. Perhaps, if they had been six months in ses-
sion, some would have regarded the examination
as too hasty. Who is to decide ?
Congress did not undertake to specify the acts
which were to constitute this careful examination;
but it intended that such an examination should
be made as would enable the board to arrive at
enlightened, correct, and conscientious conclu-
. sions, and such as would be satisfactory to the
Executive; and, in order that the board might be
constituted from those members of each grade,
not only whose established characters throughout
the service would afford a guarantee for a rigid
discharge of duty, but from those who, with this
qualification, should also possess a knowledge of
tneir respective grades, the law did not confine
the Secretary to the senior officers of each grade,
but left him to choose from the grades at large.
But, sir, the strangest, and, in my judgment,
the most untenable, proposition has been advanced
by the Senator from Georgia, who contends that
the careful examination into the efficiency of an
officer, which the law directed the board to make,
implied ability of mind and body to the exclusion
of all other considerations—that if an officer had
a knowledge of his duties and health of body
commensurate with their performance, he was
an efficient officer; and the board, though he might
come before them " steeped in infamy, with all the
crimes of the Decalogue upon his head," could not
take notice of them. Strange as it may sound,
sir, this is his proposition. The law expressly
prescribes, in its first section, as preliminary to
every other act, that the " board shall make a care-
ful examination into the efficiency of the officers of the
several grades," &c., and it is therefore incumbent
upon tho3e who seek to know what duties it de-
volved on the board, to determine, first, in what
the efficiency of naval officers consists; and Web-
ster's definition of efficiency, viz: the power of
producing the effect intended—active, competent
power, may as well be held in view.
My friend from Delaware, who usually sits
behind me, took a view of this point somewhat
similar to that of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BAYARD. If it will not interfere with
the honorable Senator, 1 will state my position
exactly, without attempting to argue it.
Mr. MALLORY. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. BAYARD. The board, by the terms of j
the law, were to ascertain the efficiency of the ;
officer. I deny, that for that purpose they had a (
right to look into his moral character. I admit, i
however, that having ascertained that he was j
inefficient, they could look into his moral charac- |
ter so far as to ascertain whether his inefficiency i
arose from blame on his own part. j
Mr. MALLORY. In treating this point I am j
directing my attention particularly to the argu- j
inent of the Senator from Georgia; though in part, !
also, to that of the Senator from Delaware. Does '
the efficiency of a naval officer, indeed, depend I
upon mental And physical ability alone, both of
Which are consistent with infamy and degrada-
tion ? The Senator from Georgia will find it im-
possible to maintain a proposition at which our
nature revolts,without limiting his vision to a very
narrow view of an officer's duties, or ignoring a
large class of them altogether. Sir, some of the
■noblest triumphs of your naval men are achieved
in times of peace, and by moral force alone.
As pacificators, as negotiators of treaties, as
the representatives in foreign lands and seas of
the country's character and honor, as the guard-
ians and protectors of the honor, the rights, and
the interests of their fellow-citizens abroad, our
country's history records their services, and
proves that peace has her triumphs which may
well compare with war's bloodiest achievments.
Is the " efficiency " of a man for such duties con-
sistent with infamy of character ?
If an act of Congress should declare that none
bntefficient teachers should preside over the morals
and minds of your academies in this District, or
that none but efficient preachers of Christ and
Him crucified should perform the duties of chap-
lain to this body, would the efficient performance
of either duty be regarded as consistent with
infamy of character? And would you sink the
standard of your officers' characters beneath that
which other professions demand ?
Sir, it was not thus that the early fathers of the
Republic thought; and the Senator from Georgia
will find, in the very first section of the act of 1800,
the act organizing the Navy, and to which he has
referred, a striking exposition of the fallacy of
his argument:
" Art. 1. The commanders of all ships and vessels of war
belonging to the Navy are strictly enjoined and required to
■how in themselves a good example of virtue, honor, patri-
otism, and subordination, and be vigilant in inspecting the
conduct of all such as are placed under their command; and
to guard against, and suppress, all dissolute and immoral
practices, and to correct all such as are guilty of them, ac-
cording to the usage of the sea-service.
" Art. 2. The commanders of all ships and vessels in the
Navy, having chaplains on board, shall take care that divine
service be performed in a solemn, orderly, and reverent
manner twice a day, and a sermon preached on Sunday,
unless bad weather or other extraordinary accidents prevent
it; and that they cause all, or as many of the ship's com-
pany as can be spared from duty, to attend at every per-
formance of the worship of Almighty God.
" Art. 3. Any officer, or other person, in the Navy who
shall be guilty of oppression, cruelty, fraud, profane swear-
ing, drunkenness, or any other scandalous conduct, tending
to the destruction of good morals, shall, if an officer, be
cashiered, or suffer such other punishment as a court-mar-
tial shalf adjudge; if a private, shall be put in irons, or
flogged, at the discretion of the captain, not exceeding
twelve lashes ; but if the offense require severer punish-
ment, he shall be tried by a court-martial, and suffer such
punishment as said court shall inflict."
Does this legislation not point to something
more than the Senator from Georgia does for effi-
ciency ?
So far from concurring with the Senator from
Georgia, I regard character as not only essential
to an officer, but as lying at the very foundation
of all his efficiency.
Sir, are we to be told, and told, too, while en-
gaged upon the work of " reforming the Navy,"
that the convicted felon, the petty thief, the craven
coward, or the paltry braggart, the man who con-
trives by all the despicable tricks from which
honor shrinks to hold a commission, can be effi-
cient exemplars of good morals to their subordi-
nates, (which the law demands)—efficient to stim-
ulate their courage and arouse their patriotism,
(which their duty demands)—efficient protectors
of the lives and interest of our people abroad,
efficient pacificators or negotiators of treaties,
efficient representatives of their country abroad,
efficient protectors of our wives and daughters ?
Sir, such men could not be regarded as efficient
for the performance of any duty demanding the
participation of honorable men.
The honorable Senator will agree with me that
the reputation alone of an officer who assumes the
command of military men, whether it be well or
ill founded, is efficient to arouse all their cour-
age and ardor to victory, or to dispirit and de-
press them to defeat; and yet reputation is but a
moral qualification — a thing apart from mental
and physical capacity. Joan of Arc was but a frail
and feeble woman, ignorant of every rule of mil-
itary art; and yet such was the magic influence
of her moral power, that at the sound of her voice
the timid became heroic, and the feeble strong,
and victory attended upon her footsteps.
Sir, the mere proposition that a high sense of
personal and national honor, that esprit du corps,
that a well-spent life, and high moral character,
teaching a man not only how to live, but how to
die, constitute no elements in the efficiency of a
military man, is so repugnant to the dictates of
every heart, that it requires something more than
human logis to sustain it. Sir, we have Divine
inspiration for saying that, " as a man thinketh
in his heart, so he is;" and the immortal spirit
of our mother tongue—whose master-hand, in
painting human character and passionholds,
" as 't were, the mirror up to nature ; shows virtue her
own feature, scorn her own image, and the very age and
body of the time his form and pressure"—
has delineated a character who, having a stern
and sacred duty to perform, and moved to its
performance by motives sacred to all hearts, in-
stigated to it by nothing less than the spirit of
his murdered father, possessing this same mental
capacity and physical ability to perform it, yet
found himself inefficient for its discharge, ana in
the pitiable incertitude of his mind, he exclaims,
as if responding to the very proposition of the
Senator from Georgia:
" Conscience does make cowards of us all;
And thus the native hue of resolution
Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought;
And enterprises of great pith and moment,
With this regard, their currents turn away,
And lose the name of action."
But, sir, for the sake of the argument, which
the honorable Senator from Georgia invokes, and
for no other purpose, I will concede for a moment
that the board had no right to inquire into nloral
qualifications, or, as the Senator from Georgia
has put it, that they had no rigUt to remove an
officer on such grounds. I answer that the board
did remove no officer. The board pointed out to
the Executive certain individuals whom they
thought physically disqualified for the perform-
ance of duty, and, having done so, they went
further, and, in expressing their opinions, said,
in the language of the Senator from Georgia,
" Here is a man steeped in infamy, upon whose
head rest all the crimes known to the Decalogue;
we have no means of removing him; if we had,
proud as we are of our corps, believing that honor
is its very life-blood, we would kick him out of
it." In such a state of things what was the duty
of the Executive, as the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, commanded by the Consti-
tution and his official oath, to see that the laws are
faithfully executed, and in view of the act of Con-
fress, of 1800, which 1 have quoted? Was it
is duty, when called upon to cooperate with
Congress to reform the Navy, to keep such a man
in the service ? 1 apprehend that the intelligent
judgment of no Senator would sustain him in such
a position. If he had done so he would indeed
have furnished ground for some of the censures
which have been cast upon him.
I say that the board removed no one. 1 choose
to place the responsibility where it should rest.
I confess that I have been more than surprised to
see gentlemen rise in their places in this body,
and take the ground that this board, a voiceless,
powerless instrument, inefficient for any ultimate
action, should be held responsible for the acts of
their official superiors, and which they condemn.
Why not go to the power, the Promethean fire,
which breathed life and animation into this life-
less body, and place the responsibility where it
should rest? I hold that it is not only unjust
and unfair to those officers, but it is striking " a
heavy blow and great discouragement" at the
hope of ever obtaining a correct, unbiased opinion
in future from men occupying a similar position.
I say unhesitatingly that it was the province of
the Executive to approve or disapprove the work
of the board—his instruments. Congress gave
him these instruments in order that he might
supervise them. That he did so to some extent
I happen to know; to what extent I shall not
undertake to inquire; but I have no doubt suffi-
ciently to enable him to form an intelligent judg-
ment of the board's action. If errors have
occurred I scorn to place the responsibility of
them on the board when we have a higher mark
to aim at. I ask, why do not Senators place the
responsibility where it properly rests ?
Sir, if it be necessary further to illustrate what
I conceive to be the error of the position of the
Senator from Georgia, I might turn him over
to the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. But-
lerI, who, though opposing the naval reform,
speaks of this same " physical ability," as con-
stituting efficiency, with scorn. He derides mere
thews and sinews. The •nator from Delaware,
too, [Mr. Bayard,] expresses similar views, and
agrees with all I have said about reputation. The
