1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
Tellers were not ordered. .
Mr. JONES called for tellers on the motion to
lay on the table.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn; but before that question is put, I move
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. COBB. I move the gentleman from Ten-
nessee be excused from voting. [A laugh.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask whether it is in
order for a gentleman to make two motions at the
same time?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion.
The first motion being pending, any gentleman
can move the second.
Mr. GROW. Is it in order to adjourn till Sat-
urday, it being over three days ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to determine.
The question being on the motion to adjourn
till Saturday,
Mr. JOJNES called for the yeas and nays.
On a division of the House, the Speaker an-
nounced in support of the call 9; against it, 102.
No quorum having voted,
Mr. WALBRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Massachusetts, and Dowdell, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 5, noes 114.
So the House refused to adjourn till Saturday.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn,
and being taken, the motion was disagreed to.
The question now being on the amendment in
the nature of a substitute reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion was taken; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 86, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Barks-
dale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Biilinghurst, Bishop,
Bowie, Boyce, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Biouni, Buffinton. Bur-
lingamft, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clavvson, Wil-
liamson It. VV. Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin,
Cuilen, Davidson, Henry Winter Uavis, Dickson, Dodd,
Dowdell, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Eustis, Evans, Gilbert,
Granger, Herbert, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett,
Knapp,Knight, Knowlton, Lake, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, Killian Miller, Morgan, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pettit,
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Quitman, Kioaud, Richard-
son, Eoberts, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Simmons, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Tappan, Tajloi, Thorington, Thurston,
Trafton, Wade, Walbridge, VValdron, Walker, Cadwalader
C. Wasliburne, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, and Daniel B. Wright—86.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bingham, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, John P Campbell, Caskie, Cox, Craw-
ford, Cumback, Day, Dick, English, florenee, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Goode, Grow, Haven,
Hoffman, Hollowly, Valentine B. Ilorton, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kunkel. Letcher, Lumpkin, McQuecn, Smith
Miller, Millwaid, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Perry,
Puryear, Reade, Rivers, RulBn, Scott, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stanton, Stewart, Talbott, Todd, Trippc,
Valk, Warner, Watkins, Wmslow, and Wood—53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that on
this question he had paired off with Mr. A. K.
Marshall.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said: Mr. Speaker, Mr.
Lindley is absent from the Hall from indisposi-
tion. I have agreed to pan- off with him on this
question. He votes for these bills, while I have
been uniformly opposed to them.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allen, Barbour, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst,
Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Burlingame, Caruthers,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson. Williamson R. VV. Cobb,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cuilen, Davidson. Henry
Winter Davis, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edwards,
Emrie, Eustis, Evans. Flagler, Gilbert, Granger, Herbert,
Hughston. Ivcliv, Kelsey, Kennett, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Lake, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Killian Miller,
Millward, Peek, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Prmgle,
Richardson, Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Simmons, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, VValdron, Walker,
Cadwalader 6. Washburne, Welch, Wells, Williams,
Woodruff, Woodworth) and Daniei B. Wright—80.
NAYSU-Meesrs. Aiken, Allison, Bocock, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Cox, Cralge, Crawford,
Cumback, Day, Dick, Edmundson, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grow, Harrison,
Haven, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, George W. Jones,
Kid well, Letcher, Lumpkin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Mornll, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Paine, PerryyPuryear,
Quitman,* Reade, Uieaud, Ruffin, Scott, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stanton, Stewart, Talbott, Todd, Trafton,
Trjppe, Valk, Warner, Watkins, Winslow, and Wood—56.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. *
Pending the above call,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that his colleague,
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, was in the committee
room attending the sitting of the select commit-
tee, and that on this question he had agreed to
pair ofF with him.
Mr. WINSLOW. I was not in the Hall
when my name was called. I was before the
select committee now sitting in another part of
the Capitol in answer to a summons. I ask leave
to vote. I was on business of the House, and I
think I have the right to vote.
There-was no objection; and Mr, Winslow
recorded his vote as above.
Mr. BARKSDALE said: Mr. Speaker, I ob-
tained the floor on Thursday in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, but from
the feeling manifested this morning to pass these
railroad bills, in which I participate, it is evident
that I shall not have an opportunity of address-
ing the House for several days.
I shall necessarily be absent after to-morrow
for ten days or two weeks, and hence I must
yield the floor; but I do it with the expectation,
that immediately on my return I shall have the
indulgence of the House to submit the remarks
which I hgped I would be enabled to make to-
day.
The bill being engrossed, it was accordingly
read a third time.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. JONES. It is in order now, I believe, to
go to the business on the Speaker's table. There
is no previous question pending.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The gentleman cannot
make the motion. I have the floor on a privi-
leged question.
Mr. JONES. Has not the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Then, I presume, we can have
a call of the House, or a motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Are not these motions
to go to the business on the Speaker's table, and
that there be a call of tin; House, out of order,
pending the privileged motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The 56th rule is as follows:
il When a motion has been once made, and carried in the
affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for any member
of the majontyto move for the reconsideration thereof, on
the same or succeeding day; and such motion shall take
precedency of alf other questions, except a motion to ad-
journ, and shail not be withdrawn aftertlie said succeeding
day without the consent of the House; and thereafter any
member may call u up for consideration."
The Chair has entertained the motion of the
gentleman from Michigan, and stated it to the
House. It is to lay on "the tabic the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a diird time. The gentleman
from Tennessee moves to go to the business on
the Speaker's table, which motion is precluded
by the motion of the gentleman from Michigan,
under the rule just read.
Mr. JONES. There is another rule which says
that after an hour has been devoted to the con-
sideration of business in the morning hour, it is
in order to go to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
a privileged question. When it has b^en dis-
posed of, the gentleman from Tennessee may
move to go to the business on the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken: and the motion
to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
\ Mr. JONES. I move that there be a call of
i the House.
j Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to go to the
I business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. Not while the call for the
previous question is pending.
Mr. LETCHER. Why?
The SPEAKER. There is a call for the pre-
vious question, and a motion that there be a'cal!
of the House, pending which, it is not in order
to move to go to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The question was taken on Mr. J ones motion;
and it was disagreed to—-ayes 10, noes 112.
Mr. JONES. Did the Chair dccide that it is
not in order to move to proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order now.
Mr. JONES. Then I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the •
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES. Will it be in order to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. JONES. Well, I believe I will not make
that motion. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAPP. I ask for tellers upon seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Warner
and Benson were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 25.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays upon
ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Darksdale,
Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghu^t, Bishop, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlineame, Caiuthers,
Chnffee, Ezra Clark, Wdhain&on R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Davidson, Dickson, Dodd, Dow-
dell,Durfee, Edie,Edwaids, Emrie,Eustis,Evans,Flagler,
Gilbert, Granger, Herbert, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Ken-
netr, Knapp, Knight, Knowiton,'Lake, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, Kilhaii Miller, Millward, Parker, Peck,
Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Prinsrle, Richardson, Sabin,
Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Simmons, William It. Smith. Tap-
pnn. Thorincrton, Thurston, Tyson, Wade, Wakemsm,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washhttrne,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Dan-
iel B Wright—78.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bocock,
Branch, Brooks, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Clmgman,
Cox, Cras^e, Ciawford, Cmnhatk, Day, Dick, English,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grow, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Halloway, Valentine B. Horton, George
W. June*. Kent. Kidwell,Letcher, Lumpkin, McUuecn,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Paine, Perry, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Rtcaud 
Ruffin, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stanton.
Stewart, Talbott, Todd, Trippe, V.iik, Warner, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, Winslow, and Wood—Si.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FOSTER said: It did not occur to me this
morning that I was paired off with a gentleman
from Pennsylvania upon all railroad bills. I do
not feel at liberty to vote upon the passage of this
i bill.
,: Air. KELLY stated that he had paired off with
j' Mr. Gilbert for to-morrow and next day upon
'! all questions of a party issue; and after that day
with Mr. Morgaxt for two weeks.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
11 vote by which the bill was passed, and also
i, moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
|! table; which latter motion was agreed to.
j! rlhe title of the bill was then agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
j vote by which the title of the bill was agreed to,
I and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
! upon the table; wliicli latter motion was agreed
! to.
i Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask the unani-
' mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's tabic Senate bill No. 263, in relation
to the mode of transacting business m the town
; of Vincenncs, Indiana.
| Mr. LETCHER. I dislike to objectjo any-
' thing my friend from Indiana desires, but I hope
; we shall proceed m the regular order of busi-
! ness.
• The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
! the Committee on Public Lands.
