1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
34th Cong....1st Sess.
JNaval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
absence of my friend from South Carolina justi-
fies mv speaking of him in terms gratifying to
myself: which, perhaps, knowing the anion
between merit and modesty, 1 would not do in
his presence. In discussing this question, he
said, with his accustomed taste:
•• Horner, wbo has draws character, it is raid, with most
aaatstakable certainty, when he portrays, in the Iliad,
U**w who played a part at the siege of Troy, does not rep-
resent Agamemnon as detailing tor the night attack tlie
Nestor of the camp. That was committed to the skillful
Clysees aad the intrepid Diomed, because they were young,
•agaciou*, and skilHul; but did he deprive Nestor of his
influence and efficiency ?
'• Sir, when the Grecian camp was invaded, and Hector
bad almost taken it, and was ready to put the brand to the
ships, aad a panic spread through the camp, it was Nestor,
who, with the trembling bauds ot age, buckled on his armor,
and rebuked the youth for the terror which they had exhib-
ited in the hour of peril." * * * * * *
" Will you tell a man because he to wounded—because
he is feeble—because be has suffered in battle—that you
ban no use for liim ? Is this the way in which you will
use intellect ? Do you regard merely legs and arms, and
thews and sinews."'
I hare no doubt of the correctness of all this;
nor hare I any doubt whatever that, if Homer
had given us the army register of the Grecian
forces, we should have found Nestor on the
retired list. That was the part he played during
this memorable siege. Even upon the night to j
which the honorable Senator from South Carolina I
has alluded, though Nestor did buckle on his
armor, it was not to play the warrior's part, but
to stand back as a retired officer, and counsel
others to do the fighting.
Sir, I Bay to my friend from South Carolina—
upon whose brow I know there is a laurel crown
which our physical blindness alone precludes us
from seeing, and upon whose lips the gems of
fenius sparkle as brightly and as naturally as
oes the bubble upon the wine—I tell him that the
naval profession affords no exception to the rule,
" Old men for counsel, young men for war." And
I tell him, too, that when he consults the Muse to
disprove the inspiration of the prophet, that" the
days of our age are threescore years and ten,
and though men do live to fourscore years, yet
is their strength but labor and sorrow, so soon
passeth it away," and, to illustrate the error or
the folly of the board, presents us with the Nestor
of the Navy, and confronts Homer with David,
1 must be permitted to say of Nestor, in the words ;
of one about whose lips the bees might be sup- !
posed to dwell—one whose authority his taste
will recognize— j
" Time, which changes all, bath altered him,
In form, in aspect, as in age; years steal
Fire from the mind and vigor from the limb,
And life's eacbaated cup but sparkles at the brim."
I presume that it will be conceded that there is
a universal regret, that the old veteran to whom
I have alluded, the Nestor of the Navy, was re-
moved from the active-service list; but I hold 1
that, under the law and the regulations under '
which the board acted, they could do no less than
advise as they did; because a man is not to be
considered efficient for the active and arduous
service of the sea after the age of fourscore years. '
We all freely say, that errors of judgment were
committed by the board, because each sets up his ;
own opinion of the efficiency of men as a standard '
by which to judge them; and this, too, with far i
less means of arriving at correct conclusions than
the board possessed. How often have we heard
gentlemen here express their convictions, that
some parties who have been reserved are better
sailors than the members of the board themselves!
But what are such opinions worth ?
In my judgment, sir, these errors have been
exceedingly few. I do not wish to give, by any
act of mine, undue prominence to the claims of
any particular man, who seeks a restoration on
his own merits, at the expense of others.
There is, however, one case to which I beg
leave to refer; and I feel such confidence in this
gentleman's merits, that, if the bill of the com-
mittee increasing the lists of the Navy, and giving
rower to the Executive to correct error, be passed,
feel assured of his restoration; and I know there 1
are others of whom 1 could say the same. I
allude to the case of Lieutenant Chandler, in
whose behalf, though avowing for him the warm-
est regard, I can yet speak in the language of ^
simple justice. Nor would I mention his case
now, without at the same time stating those of
others, if he were not a resident of this District,
without special Representatives or Senators, and
without Political friends or capital. Too proud
to " crook the pregnant hinges of the knee, and
unused to intruding his merits or claims upon
others, his name is now breathed for the first
time in this discussion; and I presume it is known
to few here besides myself. The man of whom
I speak, sir, is no holiday acquaintance, but one
whom I have well known for more than twenty
years; and in all those relations of man to his
God and his fellows which stamp and illustrate
his character, Mr. Chandler may proudly chal-
lenge a comparison with the richest pearl of all
his peers.
That the action of the board in his case was
the result of an error in the course of their ex-
amination, is susceptible of the clearest and most
convincing proof. There is also another gentle-
man in whose restoration I feel a deep interest;
and I do not wish, by the special mention of Mr.
Chandler's case, to intimate aught against the
merits or claims of others.
For such a case as this, and a few others, I
: desire to see the bill passed and an opportunity
J' afforded to the Executive of correcting errors; but
j at the same time I desire to see thrown around
I the Navy a safeguard which will secure it against
every man who cannot come back on his own
merits.
I have now, sir, to allude to a different case.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] pre-
sented to the Senate the case of Mr. Brownelr as
one of peculiar hardship, and as furnishing con-
vincing evidence of the wrongs done by the
board, and made allusion to the wounds which
this officer received, Ac.; and when thus address-
ing the Senate, I interrupted the Senator from
Texas, and asked him if ne knew that the officer
in question had never seen an hour's sea service
in the Navy in his life?:—that he had held a
commission for many years, but that up to the
hour of the board's action he had never rendered
at sea, on board of any Navy vessel, an hour's
duty; and he was annually repqrted in the Register
as having no sea service. To this interrogatory of
mine, addressed to the Senator from Texas, the
Senator from Georgia asked bis permission to
reply; and he did so, and said that he had never
before seen greater injustice done than my very
interrogatory did to Mr. Brownell—for, though I
had stated no error, still I left the impression that
he had never seen any sea service in the Navy.
Now, sir, having the means and the opportu-
nity, I feel constrained to show both Senators
where they have fallen into error; while at the
same time I will endeavor so to present the case
®f Mr. Brownell as to relieve the board from the
blame ascribed to them. I regretted to hear the
Senator from Georgia say this, because, as chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, it is my
earnest desire to hold out to every man in the
corps, in the line of my duty, even-handed justice.
Services of Thomas Brownell, late Lieutenant United States
Navy.
j Oct 30,1840—Appointed acting master in the United
States Navy, and ordered to the Brooklyn
I navy-yard.
Feb. 25,1841—Warranted as a master in the Navy, from
October 30,1840.
Feb. 9,1843—Detached from Brooklyn yard, and wait
orders.
Service—1 year, 3 momiis, 3 days.
Mar. SI, 1843—To rendezvous at Bufflilo.
Aug. 9,18®—Detached, and wait orders.
Service—4 months, 18 days.
June 16,1843—-To navy-yard, Washington.
Feb. 17,1844—Detached, and wait orders.
Feb. 19,1844—Bemain at yard until inventory is com-
pleted.
Service—8 months, 21 days.
June 8,1844—Commissioned as a lieutenant, from Decem-
ber 28.1843.
June 11,1844—To Sackett's Harbor, to take charge of
public property.
Dec. 12,1844—Report to Department.
Mar. 7, 1845—Resume duty at Sackett's Harbor.
Feb. 25, 1846—Leave from Sackett's Harbor extended
until March 21.
Aug. 15,1845—Detached from Sackett's Harbor.
Service—3 years, 18 days.
Aug. 15,1846—To special duty, under Postiftuter General, j
Oct. 3, 1849—Detached, and wait orders.
Service—2 years, 2 months, 4 days.
Oct. it, 1849—To the Vincennes. I
i Nov. 6,1849—Previous Older revoked, (in bad health,)
l and furlouglied until further orders.
; Sep. 28, 1850— Furlough to terminate October 1, aud wait
| orders.
Oct. 23,1853—To receiving ship Norfolk.
Oct. 39,1652—Previous order revoked, and furloughed
until ready for service, (unable from sick
ness to obey order.)
Feb. 23,1854—Relieved from furlou«h, and wait orders.
Sep. 13,1855— Dropped, under act ot' February 88,1855.
Service as Master.
Sea service None.
Shore duty 2 yean, 4 months, 11 days.
Service as Lieutenant.
Sea service   None.
Shore duty   5 years, 3 months, 23 days.
.Recapitulation.
! Sea service   ....None.
I Shore duty 7 years, 7 months, 3 days.
j Unemployed 7 " 3 " 10 "
I In the service 14 " 10 " 13 «
But the Senator from Georgia has said that
Mr. Brownell had seen sea service on Lake Erie,
and had at one"time been credited with it on the
Navy Register, from whence it has been im-
properly omitted. This, sir, is not the first time
this charge has been made. The following letter
from Secretary Preston, written in 1850, to Mr.
j Brownell, in reply to it, will show its absurdity:
t Navv Department, Jipril 16, 1850.
| Sia: I have received your letter of the 8th instant, com-
plaining that your services in the Navy are not correctly
j stated in the Navy Register for 1850, and you refer to Regis-
ter* of 1845-'49 for evidence of your being entitled to credit
i for sea service.
In reply, I have to state that the Navy Register for 1849
states your original entry into the service to liave been on
the 30th June, 1812; but by a note at the bottom of the
page it appears that you were neither a commissioned nor
a warrant officer of the Navy at that time, but that you
• were a petty officer—an " acting master's mate." You are
there credited with two years and nine mouths sea service
as "acting master's mate and acting master." It is not
shown that any other officer borne upou that Register, tie-
sides yourself, is entered from the commencement of his
services as a petty officer, nor is any other besides yourself
credited with sea service whilst serving as a petty officer.
The records of the Navy Department do not show that,
prior to the 30th of October, 1840, you received an appoint-
ment, warrant, or commission from the Department; this
fact was made known in April, 1844, by the late Secretary
of the Navy, in a letter to Hon. R. H. Bayard, then chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate, capy
of which is herewith inclosed. That you served as a petty
officcr in the Navy on the Lakes in the war with Great
Britain, there is abundant testimony, but there is none that
you served as an officer of the Navy under an appointment,
warrant, or commission from the Navy Department, which
latter service only is embraced in the official record Of the
Department, and stated in the Register for 1850.
Since your appointment by the Department as master,
October 30,1840, it does not appear that you have served at
sea. Tlie Register for 1850 was prepared from the records
of the Department, which do not contain any evidence of a
previous appointment to you, and you are therefore entitled
to no credit for sea service.
The cases of the officers to which you refer in your letter,
differ from your own, inasmuch as they entered tlie Navy
as warrant officers, and their original entry into the service
I is taken from the dates of their respective appointments
or warrants. Acting master's mates are by law deemed
"petty officers." holding neither commissions nor warrants,
nor are they entitled to either.
A Navy Register was forwarded to you some days since,
and a copy of the General Register, to which you refer,
was sent to your address, at New York, during the last
summer.
1 am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. BALLARD PRESTON.
Lieutenant Thomas Bkowhell, United States Nam, Port
Chester, New York.
This will show the Senator from Georgia how
he has been misinformed on this subject, and that
the service of Mr. Brownell was not improperly
erased from the Register as he alleged, and that
no injustice was done him by my interrogatory.
Mr. TOOMBS. The allegations which I made
of the Senator's injustice to this offieer he has
himself proven. He stated on this floor that this
officer had never seen a day's sea service.
Mr. MALLORY. In the Navy, I said
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, in the Navy, to take
the Senator's own words. He now shows that the
officer did serve in Perry's victories, and served
two years and nine months during the war. The
injustice of which I complain is, that the Senator
did not state that fact on the former occasion.
The impression made on my mind by what he
then said, and the impression which must have
been made on the Senate and on the public, was,
that this officer had rendered no sea service. This
impression was confirmed by a previous conver-
sation which I had with the Senator, and in which
he stated the same thing. The fact is, that Lieu-
