2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know whether
the members of that committee have not already
been paid their expenses?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no informa-
tion on that subject.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Henry Bennett. Billinghurst, Bliss,
Broom, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Ciawtson, Coinins, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Den-
ver, Dickson, Durfee, Etheridge, Gilbert, Grangei, Robert
B. Hall, Herbert, Valentine B. Horton, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Lake, Lmdley, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Kil-
lian Miller. Miihvard, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Pearce,
Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pringle, Ritchie,'Scott, Seward, Stran-
ahan, Tappan, Walbridge, Waldron, Watson, Welch, and
WoodruJf—49.
NAYS— Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Baibour,
Benson, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brenton, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caskie,
Bayard CJaiJrp, FIowcll Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Covode,Cox,Craige, Davidson, Dean, Dick, Dowdell, Edie,
Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Emne, Eustis, Faulkner,
Flagler, Florence, Foster, Thomas J D. Fuller, Giddmgs,
Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Ilailan, Sampson W. Harris,
ThomasL  Hairis, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Thomas 11.
Hoiton, Houston, Hugliston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelsey, Kidwell, Knox, Kunkel, Tjeiter, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Maishall,
Maxwell, McMiillin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million,
Mori ill, Mott, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck,
Powell, Puryear, Ilicaud, Riehardsun, Riveis, Robeitf,
Rutftn, Bust, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Simmon**, William
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Underwood. Vail, Valk,
Wade, Walkei, Cadwalader C. Wdshburno, Wells, Wheol-
er, Whitney, Williams, Wiuslow, Wood, Woodworth,
Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,and Zolhcotlcr— ILL
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Warner, had been compelled to
leave the House on account of the state of his
health, and had paired otF with Mr. Purvjance.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that Mr.
Evcmsii had paired ofT with Mr. Robison for the
remainder of the session.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled " An act to con-
tinue the land office at Vmcennes, Indiana, and
to ascertain and adjust the titles to certain lands
in the States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly
included within die Vincennes land district.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the snnic committee,
reported a^ correctly enrolled the Indian appro-
priation bill; when the Speaker signed the same
respectively.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of discharging the Commit-
tee of the Whole llouse from the further consid-
eration of joint resolution (No. 23) in favor of
J. W. Nye.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay J. W. Nye, or his attorney,
the sum of $3,200 for improvements made on the
public giounds, for which he haa received no
compensation.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the House will indulge
me but one moment 1 will state that I think this
is a very meritorious claim. I was on a commit-
tee ten yems ago which unanimously reported m
favor of it. 1 will not detain the House by any
further statement.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEPH 15 N S moved to rcconsidci the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION TO GUANO DISCOVERERS.
Mr. STRANAHAN moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking from the Speak-
er's table Senate bill (No. 339) to authorize pro-
tection to be given to citizens of the United States
who may discover deposits of guano.
Mr. SMITH,of Vir gmia. I demand the yeas
ami^iiays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, two-thirds having voted therefor.
The bill then received its several readings, and
was passed.
Mr. STRANAHAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
PATAPSCO RIVER. IMPROVEMENT.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announcing that
the President having returned to that body the bill
entitled " An act for the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Patapsco river and to render the port
of Baltimore accessible to the war steamers of the
United States," with his objections thereto, the
Senate, as required by the Constitution, had pro-
ceeded to reconsider said bill, and had passed it,
notwithstanding the objections of the President.
The message from the President was read.
The question was then, " Shall the bill pass,
notwithstanding the objections of the President?"
upon which the yeas and nays were required by
the Constitution.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 47, as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Harbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bishop, Bliss,
Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broomj Buttiiiton,.James II.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
E/,r.i Claik, dawson, Coltax, Comims, Covode, Cox, Cum-
back, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, l)envei,Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards*, Emne, Evans,
Flagler, Hemv M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger, llobert B. Hall, Hailan, J. Morrison Harris,
Haven, Herbert, Hodman, HoJloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B lloitoti, Hovvaul, lliighston, KeNey, King,
Knapp, Kmgftt, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Luke, Letter,
Mace, Alt!\andei K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Matte-
s-oii, MeCaity, KjIIkui Wilier, Millwaid, Morgan, Monill,
Muiray, Norton, P.uker, I'eaiee, Peek, IViton, I'ctry,
Pettit, Pike, Poitej, Pnn«le, Puryear, Ric.iud, Ritchie,
Rivei-i, Robert^, Sage, Samhdge, Sapp, Seott, Seward,
Sherman, Sunmons, William It. Smith, Snced, Stanton,
Siewaif, tftrauahan, Tappan, TlioriugtOn, Tlmis-ton/Podd,
Tnifton. Tjson, Undeiwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cmhvaladef U. Wa*hlmrne, EHihu
B. Wa^hburiie, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wdeb, Wells,
Whitni'j, Williams, Woofl, WoorirutY, Woodworth, and
'/olhcotler—L*2(>.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Boyce, Branch, Bur-
nett, Cadw.ihulei, C.uliU-, Oaskio, Clmgiyan, Williamson
It. W. Cobb, Craige, Dowdell, Edmmidson, Elliott, Flor-
ence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Grow, Sampson W. llairis, Thomas L. lhuu>, Hickman,
Houston, Coorge W. Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher,
i.umpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith
Miller, Mill son, Andrew Oliver, Orr, I'hclps, Powell, tiuit-
man, Uutftn, WiHv.im Smith, Spmner, Talbott, Trippe,
Vail, Wheeler, and John V. Wright—47.
So (two thirda having voted in favor thereof)
the bill was passed.
LAISDS TO THE OLD STATES.
Air. CARLILE asked the consent of the
House to introduce a bill to equalize the grants
of lands to the old States.
Mr. RUST objected.
Mr. 0 AH LI L)2 moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Tho yeas and nays wore ordered.
The bill was read; and it provides forgiving to
each of the old States, warrants for public lands,
at the rate of two hundred and fifty thousand
acres to each Senator and Representative to which
said State is entitled, the proceeds of which arc
to be applied for the construction and completion
of railroads and canals in such States.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL CONFERENCE
COMMITTEE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing vote3 of the two Houses on
i the amendment to the bill making approfuiations
' for the suppoit of the Army for the year ending
30th of June, 1857, have met, and after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows: That, having been
unable to come to any agreement, they be dis-
charged. The committee also agreed to recom-
mend to their respective Houses the appointment
of another committee of conference.
Mr. Q.UITM AN. In order to bring this matter !
to a conclusion, I move that the House recede I
from its amendment, and agree to the Senate
amendment without amendment; and on that mo-
tion I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CXJMBACK. I call for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Bark^dale, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwaladcr. John P.
Campbell, Cailile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craigc, Henry Winter Davis, Den-
ver, Dowdell, Ednmndson, Elliott, Kus>u&, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. MorriK>n llairis?, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jonee, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Orr,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, (Auitman, Ricaud,
Richardson, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Samlidge, Seward,
Shorter, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Talbott, Tayloi, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail,Valk, Walker, Watkins, Weils, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel 13. Wright, John V.
Wnght, and ZolhcofFer—fti.
NAYS — Messrs, Albught, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bh>s,
Biadshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Jame« H Campbell, Lewis
D.Campbell, Chaffee, Baj aid Clatke, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Coining, Covode, Cra in, Cumbacfc, Damietl,
Timothy Davit-, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Grangei, Grow, Robert B. (fall, Italian, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Matteson, McCarlv, Kilhan Miller, Moigan, Morrill,
Rlott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
l'eaice, Pel ton, Pennington, Peny, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle,
Ritchie, Roberts, Sage, Sapp, Seoit, Shetman, SimmoiN,
Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Titoririgtou, Todd,
Tralton, Wade. Wakeman, Walbudge, Waldron, Cadwal-
adcr C. Waslilmnie, Eilihti T>. Wahbbmric, l^iacl Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth
—99.
So the House refused to recede from its amend-
ment and agree to the amendment of the Senate.
Pending the above call,
Mr. KNOX stated that Mr. Etheridge had
paired ofl with Mr. Day.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, said: Mr. Speaker,
I was called to the bar just before my name was
called, and, though outside of the bar, 1 had my
hand on it. I was not within the bar.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ask
leave to vote ?
Mr. OLIVER. I do. T do not consider that
1 was without the bar, under the rules. It was
my intention to vote.
Mr. GiDDINGS. I object to the gentleman
being allowed to vote.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed the Post Office
appropriation bill, with sundry amendments, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. Ollli. I move the appointment of another
committee of conference on the Army bill, with
instructions to recede from the House amend-
ment, and to a^ree to that of the Senate; and on
that motion call for the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
line is similar to the one just voted down.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And is the gentleman's
motion in order before the motion to insist? Is
it not irregular and out of order for the gentle-
man to move for a second committee ?
The SPEAKER,. It is competent for the House
to order a second or third committee.
Mr. ORR. There can be a division of the
question.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move to reconsider the
last vote; and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table. *
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
&Ir. CUMBACK. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to take
from the Speaker's table the Post Office appro-
priation bill, with the Senate amendments thereto,
in order that they may be non-concurred in en
masse, and there may be a committee of conference
appointed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. COVODE. I object.
