1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. MILLER. Is it in order to move to pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MILLER. Then I submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PELTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at three o'clock and twenty minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 28, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. SEWARD presented the credentials of the
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade, who has been elected
by the Legislature of Ohio a member of the Sen-
ate of the United States from that Stale for the
term of six years from the 4th of March next;
which were ordered to be placcd on the files.
COLONEL MONTGOMERY.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that I submitted, some time
since, a motion to reconsider the order that was
made for the publication of the proceedings on
the trial of Colonel Montgomery. The order
was made for printing a very voluminous docu-
ment, the propriety of printing which was very
questionable at the time in my own mind. The
motion which I submitted to reconsider the order
for printing has been pending ever since. As it
is material that something should be done at orice
in regard to this matter, I ask that the motion to
reconsider be adopted by the Senate, and that the
document, without being: printed, be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom the
subject properly belongs. The printing of the
document 1 believe to be unnecessary; but if, after
the Committee on Military Affairs shall have ex-
amined it, voluminous as it is, it should be deemed
necessary to print it, an order <\tn then be made.
The motion to lvconyider was agreed to; and
the papers were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
MAP OF CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. JOHNSON. An order was submitted, a
&hort time since, by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] forthe binding of the map of Cen-
tral America, whichhad previously been ordered
to be printed. The order m lelation to binding,
when submitted to the Senate, was referred to
the Committee on Printing; and I am instructed
by that committee to report m favor of it. The
cost will be twelve and a half cents per copy, and
the map cannot be distributed or effectually pie-
served unless it be bound. It has been the habit
to order such binding whenever it is deemed ad-
visable.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the present consider-
ation of the report of the committee, for the map
cannot be distributed until the binding is ex-
ecuted.
The report was agreed to.
PETITIONS ANP MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I present the memorial of
the heirs of Cornelius Russell, an officer of the
revolutionary army, who was entitled to half pay
under the resolutions of l'<80, praying that pro-
vision be made for its payment. 1 behove the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims have already
reported a bill oil that subject.
Mr. EVANS. The bill which the committee
have reported does not, I think, embrace such
cases as this. It does not provide for the case of
an officer who was entitled to commutation under
the resolution of 1783. Thatbeingaclaim founded
on an act of Congress, was considered to be
within the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
Air. COIliLA A1ER. The act of 1783 was an
act for commutation. Thr<?e heirs do not ask for
that; they ask for the half pay to which their
father was entitled. The bill covers that case, if
I understand correctly.
Air. EVANS. I doubt it.
Mr. COLLAMER. # Well, sir, I move the
reference of the memoual to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
It was so referred,
Air. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Great Rapids to Allegan in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented an additional paper
in support of the claim of Lucy Tate; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims*
Air. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Alississippi, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from JBeaverdam to Erata in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Air. CASS presented the petition of A. S.
Taylor, an officer in the United States Marine
corps, praying to be allowed additional pay for
the performance of certain staff duties; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of A. S. Taylor, an officer
in the United States Alarine Corps, praying for
compensation for losses sustained by him by the
burning of the United States steamer Missouri
| in the harbor of Gibraltar, in July, 1843; which
! was referied to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
; Mr. SLIDELL presented a petition of Richard
I A. Stewart and others, his associates, praying
' for an appropriation for deepening the harbor antl
] erecting piers at the entrance of a canal which it
! is proposed to construct for connecting the waters
I of Lake Bayou and the Mississippi river; which
: was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. [>UOWN. I presented yesterday the peti-
tion of Edward Patton, praying for indemnity
for losses sustained by the bombardment of
Greytown. It was referred to th<^ Committee
on Claims. I am informed b)' the petitioner
that he wished to have it referred to the Court
of Claims. I move to reconsider the vote by
which it was yesterday committed to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the petition was
referred to the Court of Claims.
I PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
j On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
GiilnaL That the pennon and papem of the heirs of
(Vpiant John Davi-;. ot the Penn-ylvania line of the ievo-
limoii;.! v unm , he withdrawn noiu tin* hies of tile Senate.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that no mem-
ber of the Committee on Enrolled Bills is in at-
tendance. It is very important, of eouise, that
there should be some member of that committee
parent at all times. I move that a Senator be
added to that committee, and that the appoint-
ment, be made by the President of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and Air. Durkbe
; was appointed.
- REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
! Afr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
71) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
■ nous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1857, reported it with amendments.
Mr. KROW.N, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred two
petitions of the citizens of the District of Colum-
1 bia on the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 313)
; to provide for the public instruction of youth
iii primary schools, throughout the county of
, Washington, in the District of Columbia, with-
out the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown; which was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Air. ISTUART, from the Committee on Public
, Lands, ieported back the following bills without
amendment:
1 f. R. J\o. 31. A bill granfingpublic lands in
alternate sections to the Statu of Alabama to aid
m the construction of certain railroads in said
State.
II. II. No. 326. A bill granting public lands
to the Slate of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of lailroads in said State,
! HORATIO J. PERRY.
Air. AXASON. The Committee on Foreign
. Relations, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
i No. 310) for the relief of Horatio J. Perry, have
instructed me to report it back with an amend-
ment.
The committee were strongly impressed with
the belief that this was a case asking for the
immediate interposition of Congress; and unless
it be objected to, I request its present considera-
tion. The amendment proposes to give to this
gentleman an outfit in addition to his salary. It
is following precedents established at this session.
The committee were satisfied, from representa-
tions made to them, that this gentleman is detained
in Spain really by his inability to get away,
because of expenses incurred, arising from the
peculiar relations between Spain and this Gov-
ernment, during the absence of the late Minister
there, which he was obliged to incur to carry
his mission successfully into effect, which we all
know he did with great ability and success. I
hope the Senate will take up the bill and pass it,
for it is a matter of some great personal consid-
eration to him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill, which, as originally presented, pro-
posed to allow Air. Perry the sum of §9,698 94,
being the amount of the difference between the
salary of secretary of legation at Madiid and
charge d 'affaires for four several periods, namely;
from the 3d of July to the 24th of October, 1852;
from the 4th of September to the 22d of October,
1853; from the 29th of August to the 2d Decem-
ber, 1854, and from the 1st of February to the
17th of June, 1855.
The committee propose to strike out $2,698 94,
and insert $2,706 13, and also to add to the
bill: " and the further sum of $4,500, the amount
of an outfit of a charge d'affaires."
The amendments were agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendments were concurred in. It was ordered
to he engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
W. M. F. MAGRAW.
On motion of Air. YULEE, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 186) for the relief of William
M. P. ATagraw.
In consideration of Indian disturbances, and
of the consequent increased expenses and diffi-
culties of carrying the mails on route No. 8911,
from Independence to Salt Lake, the bill proposes
to direct the Postmaster General to pay to Ma-
graw, the contractor, the sum of $36,000, for the
year ending on the 18th of August, 1856; which
allowance is to be in lieu of the present contract
price.
It also provides for the payment to him of
$17,750 as full indemnity for his claim for prop-
erty stolen and destroyed by the Indians, and
proposes to annul his contract, with his consent,
after the 18th of August next.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment, to
strike out the words, "and required," after the
word " authorized," in the third section, so as
to make the clause read:
—a the Postmastei Goneral be, and he is hereby, authorized
to iet said contract ior tho tmm of fom years* from said day,
and to advertise foi proposals therefor."
All*. YULEE. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to withdraw the amendment. On further
consultation they consider it unnecessary. I ask
for the passage of the bill without amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is with-
drawn.
Air. STUART. I should like to have the
Senator state what was the original compensation
of this mail contractor?
A'lr. YULEE. The contract was undertaken
to carry the mail between Independence and Salt
Lake for an annual compensation of fourteen
thousand and odd dollars. In consequence of
Indian hostilities occurring soon afterwards, the
cost of transportation was very largely increased.
Application was made at the last session of Con-
gress forreliel; and the Senate passed a provision
authorizing, on the evidence before them, an al-
lowance of §36,000 per year to be made in lieu
of the contract price which had been agreed upon
originally, during the continuance of the contract.
In the House, this was limited, by an amendment,
to one year, on the ground, as there stated, that
the reasons forthe increased compensation might
not continue to exist. The increased price has
been provided for one year. The party now
