1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
applies for continued relief, owing to the continued
hostilities of the Sioux. The committee have
reported to allow him the same compensation
which was granted to him last year, and to direct
the Postmaster General to discontinue the con-
tract and advertise for new proposals. The bill
also contains a provision allowing indemnity for
depredations committed by the Indians on the
property of this mail contractor, to the amount
of $17,750, the loss of which is amply proved by
the testimony before the committee—a provision
which has the recommendation of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. Under the act of 1834,
the Commissioner thinks he is clearly entitled to
this compensation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read th$
third time, and passed.
JOHN CRAWFORD.
Mr. B&OWN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up and pass a little bill for the re-
lief of a constituent of mine, whose money has
been in the hands of the Government for more
than thirty years. All he asks is to be allowed
to locate on the public land in some other State
than the State of Mississippi. I move to take up
House bill (No. 223) for the relief of John Craw-
ford.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall make no objection to
taking up that bill now 
Mr. BROWN. It will give rise to no debate;
if it does, I shall not proas it.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to give notice that,
when the Senate shall have disposed of that bill,
I propose, with the permission of the Senate, to
submit a report from the select committee ap-
pointed last Friday.
The motion of Mr. BRO~YV.N was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill which proposes
to authorize John Crawford to locate certificate
No. 3150, for $899 90, forfeited land-stock in the
State of Mississippi, on any public lands in the
United States subject, to private entry, at not ex-
ceeding 25 per acre.
The petitioner represents that so much of the
public land in Mississippi has been disposed of
that he cannot locate his certificate m that State,
as the law requires, without great loss in its value.
The fourth section of the act of 23d May, 1828,
granted this extended right to persons receiving
certificates for forfeited Jand-stock, on account of
lands sold at Vicksburg and one or two other
places; and, as the public lands in all the States
belong equally to the United States, it is not ma-
terial to the Government in what State the cer-
tificate is located.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have been
instructed by the select committee appointed on
Friday last by the Senate, to make a report in
writing, which, with the permission of the Senate,
I will read from my place.
The select committee appointed to inquire into the cir-
cumstances attending the assault committed upon the per-
son of the Hon. Charles Sumner, a member of the Senate,
report:
That from the testimony taken by them it appears that
the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a member of the House of
Representatives from the State of South Carolina, did. on
the 22d day of the present month, after the adjournment of
the Senate, and while Mr. Sumner was seated at his desk
in the Senate Chamber, assault him with considerable vio-
lence, striking him numerous blows on and about the head
with a walking stick, which cut his head, and disabled him
for the time being from attending to his duties in the Sen
ate. The cause of this assault was certain language used
by Mr. Sumner in debate, on the Monday and Tuesday pre-
ceding, which Mr. Brooks considered libelous of the State
of South Carolina, and slanderous of his near kinsman. Mr.
Butler, a Senator from that State, who at the time was ab-
sent from the Senate and the city.
The committee forbear to comment upon the various
circumstances which preceded and attended tins affair,
whether of aggravation or extenuation, for reasons which
will be sufficiently obvious mthe latter part of the report.
They have examined the precedents, which are to be
found only in the proceedings of the House of Representa-
tives, the Senate never having been called on to pronounce
its judgment in a similar ease, fn the House of Represent-
atives, though different opinions have at various times
been expressed by gentlemen of great eminence and ability,
among whom may be mentioned the late President of the
United States, Mr. Polk, the late Judge Barbour, of the
Supreme Court, and Mr. Beardsley, of New York, yet the
1317
judgment of the House has always pronounced an assault
upon a member for words spoken in debate to be a violation
m Pnvileges of the House.
The committee do not consider it necessary to discuss the
question at length, but proceed to state some of the prece-
dents, not confining them, however, to the case of assault
upon members.
In March, 1798, Mr. Baldwin, a member of the House of
Representatives, presented to the House certain corre-
spondence between himself and General Gunn, a Senator
from the State of Georgia, including a challenge addressed
to him by General Gunn. These were referred to a com-
mittee of which Mr. Madison was chairman, who reported
by their chairman that the same was a breach of the privi-
lege of the House on the part of General Gunn, and of Mr.
Frelinghuysen, a Senator from New Jersey, by whom the
challenge had been borne.
In May, 18*28, a personal assault having been mado by
Mr. Russell Jarvis upon Mr. John Adams, the Private Sec-
retary of the President, just after his deliveiing a message
to the House of Representatives, and while on his way to
the Senate with another message,the matter was, on com-
plaint of the Pre&ident, referred to a select committee. A
majority of the committee, by Mr. McDuffie, ot South Car-
olina, their chairman, reported that-s.
" Upon a view of all the circumstances, the committee
are of opinion that the assault committed by Mr. Jarvis
upon the Private Secretary of the Piesident, whatever
may have been the causes of provocation, was an act done
in contempt of the authority and dignity of this House,
involving not only a violation of its own peculiar privilege*,
hut of the immunity which it is bound upon every principle
to guaranty to the person selected by the President as the
organ of his official communications to Congress. It is of
the utmost importance that the official inteicourse betvv ceil
the President and the Legislative Department should not
be liable to interruption. The proceeding6? of Congress
could not be more effectually arrested by preventing the
members of either House from going to the Hall of their
deliberations, than they might be by preventing the President
from making official communications, essentially connccted
with the legislation of the country.*' * * w " The power
in question grows out of the gieatlawof self-pie'^ivation.
It is, no doubt, very liable to abuse, and ought alwajs to
be exercised with gieat moderation. In its veiy nature, it
is not suscepftblo either of precise definition or precise
limitation. Each particular instance of its exeioise must
be adapted to the emeig<Ticy which calls for it. While,
therefore, the committee deem it a mattei ot' import-
ance to maintain the existence of this powei a* an essen-
tial means of vindicating the dignity and privi'.eg"-? of the
House, they aie clearly of the opinion that it ou^ht never
to be exercised except m ca&es of strong nocc^aty, and
that the punishment inflicted under it ou«ht never to be
carried furthei than shall be absolutely and imperatively
required by the existing emergency."
In 1832 the House of Repiesemative«, after n long trial
and thorough discussion of the question, voted that General
Houston, by making a personal assai'lt on Mr. Stanbery, a
member of the House, for words tpoken m debate, was
guilty of a contempt and violation of the privileges of the
House.
The committee acknowledge the force of these prece-
dents, and adopt the reasoning quoted from Mr. McDuffie's
report; but, while it js the opinion of the committee that
this assault was a breach of the privileges of the Senate,
they also think that it is not within the jurisdiction of the
Senate, and can only be punished by the House of Repre-
sentatives, of which Mr. Brooks is a member. This opinion
is in strict conformity with the recognised paihamciitary
law. Hatsell, in his Precedents, says as follows:
"The leading principle which appear® to pei vade all the
proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament is that there
shall subsist a perfect equality with respect to each other;
and that they shall be.m every respect, totally independent
one of the other. Fiom hence it is that neither House can
claim, much less exercise, authority over a member of the
other; but, tf there is any ground of complaint against an
act of the House itself, against any individual member, or
against an)' of the officers of either House, this complaint
ought to be made to that House of Parliament where the
offense is charged to be committed; and the natuieand
mode of redress or punishment, if punishment!? neces«aiy,
must be determined upon and inflicted by them. Indeed,
any other proceeding would soon mtioduec disoider and
confusion, as it appears actually to have done in those in-
stances where both Houses, claiming a power independent
of each other, have exercised that power upon the same
subject, but with different views and contrary purposeb."
—3 Hatsell, 67.
" We see from the several precedents above cited that
neither House of Parliament can take upon themselves
any breach of privilege offered to them by any member of
the other House; but that in such cases the usual mode of
proceeding is to examine into the fact, and then to lay a
statement of that evidence before the House of which the
person complained of is a member."—Ibid.. 71.
Mr. Jefferson, in the Manual of Paihamentary Practice
prepared by him, lays down the following lule :
" Neither House can exercise any authority over a mem-
ber or officer of the other, but should complain to the House
of which he is a member, and leave the punishment to
them."
A brief examination of the constitutional privileges of
Senators and Representatives will show the soundness of
this rule of parliamentaiy law.
The Constitution provides, article 1st, section 8th, that
" they shall, in all cases except treason, felony, and breach
of the peace, be puvileged from arrest during their attend-
ance at the session of their respective Houses, in going to
and returning from the same." But the Senate is not a
court of enmmal judicature, empowered to try the excepted
offenses, and cannot take cognizance of a breach of the
peace, as such, it cannot take any notice of the assault
except as a breach of its privileges, and m tin* aspect ir is
not one of the cases m which the privilege from an est is
excepted.
The Senate, therefore, for a breach of its privil«g^ , can- i
not arre&t a membei of the House of Representatives, and,
a fortiori, cannot try and punish Mm. Tha, ^
Senate cannot proceed furtberTjHhe n' thcrfDre> th„at the
make complaint to the House of case , ,??
eauit committed by one of its membere8^!1
S. Brooks, upon the Hon. Cn.iiPrestos
from the State of Massachusetts. 8 SlJM!iER> a Senator
The committee submit herewith -<r..i ■, . , .
by them in the case and the followin?S?„tm,w
Resolved, That the above report h?,,.. 7
copy thereof, and the affidavits accommrfvfni rilf a
be transmitted to the House of Represei samc(
The PRESIDENT. .The questional be on
freeing to the resolution reported by the com-
Mr.MASON. Mr. President, I observe that
RrT^n°l h3 Senat0,r !jrom So«A Carolina, [Mr.
Bvtler,! who may feel, and probably does feel,
an interest m this matter, is not in his seat. He
has not been 111 the Senate, to-day, I believe; I
have not seen him. I think it would be better,
th tehprw° ' ' °Ver' 1 do not know
that he lias any opinions in relation to it which
gestfonreS eXpreSS" 1 merely ^ke 'ho sug-
• '^RESIDENT. If the resolution ig ob_
jected to it will lie over as a matter of course.
Several Senators. We had better let it pass
at once. r
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the objection
The PRESIDENT. The Chair Sill pm the
question on the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I ask that an order may be
made for the printing of the report.
It was so ordered.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. GEYER. I ask the Senate to do me the
favor to take up for consideration House bill
(No. 13) granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain railroad through the
arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts.
I will state, as a reason fur asking this indulgence,
that the road to which the bill refers is now in
process of construction, but is arrested for want
ot the authority to pass through these tracts.
. ^r* WELLER. _ That bill will certainly give
rise to some discussion. X know that my 'friend
from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpatrick] is opposed to
it; and all the impressions of my mi„d thus far are
against it. It comes from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. It gives to a railroad company the
right of way through the arsenal and magazme
grounds at fet. Louis. I think it ought not to be
taken up at present.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to grant the right of way, sixty feet
in width, through the l^nds in which the St
Louis arsenal, the St. Louis marine hospital, and
Jefferson barracks are situated, in the State of
Missouri, to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain
Railroad Company, for the construction of a rail-
road from the city of St. Louis through these
lands. The company is to erect a strong sub-
stantial plank fence between the road and the
public grounds, and between the road and the
river, at such place and of such character as the
commanding officer at Jefferson barracks shall
direct, with suitable iron gates, not exceeding
four, at such points as ho shall select; and shall
also cause to be constructed not exceeding four
covered ways, at suitable places in such parts of
the public grounds, and m such manner as he
shall approve. If, after this fence shall have been
ceded, and the road put in operation, it shall be
found, in the opimonof the President, to be insuf.
ficient for the protection oflives and property, he
may require a fence of brick, stone, or iron, on
the land side, to be constructed bv the mmninv
Mr. WELLER. I hope this bill will nPot &
acted on by tiie Senate without some reflection
A few years ago, an act was passed giTin° this
company the right of way upon such conditions
as the Secretary of War might prescribe. The
Secretary of ^Yar did prescribe those conditions
which he considered necessary in order to nrotect
the arsenal grounds and the magazine. These
conditions were formally accepted by the president
of this company. One of the conditions was,
that a stone wall should be constructed between
the road and the magazine, for the purpose of
protecting it from destruction. The Government
has over one million dollars worth of property
