1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§91
ety, which he is not willing to accord to his fel-
low-men. That is my sentiment. I think there
is nothing meaner and nothing more despicable
than for any man to arrogate to himself and think
himself entitled to political rights and privileges
above his fellow-men.
The Senator from New Hampshire does not
say that I did not describe certain classes of opin-
ions that prevail in the community. I repeat,
there is a class of men who are opposed to the
Constitution, and who denounce it in the way in
which I stated, openly and avowedly. I say, as
I said before, that I trust their number is few.
There is another class of men who agitate against
an express provision of the Constitution, and are
endeavoring to create a public sentiment that will
render it, practically, a nullity. Docs he deny
that ? Is it a slander to say that of any class of
men? Do they regard it as a slander? Why,
sir, that class of men boast of it. It is a matter
of boast with them, that they will agitate until
they create a public sentiment which will render
absolutely null and void, for all practical pur-
poses, the portion of the Constitution to which I
allude. Am I to be arraigned here and before the
country for stating a plain truth, which is known
to every man? I apply no opprobrious epithets
to any man. I statu the truth us it is, and I am
responsible for that statement of truth.
I said there was another class of men who have
been legislating for the purpose of rendering: prac-
tically null and inoperative a part of the Consti-
tution. I disapprove thatenlirely. I fool that it
is due to the country to state the fact, as truth
requires it. Am I to be assailed here because I
have stated that fact, known to every Senator,
known to the Senator from New Hampshire, and
which he docs not deny? i
Sir, I declared my honest convictions. I have ;
given utterance to nothing but the simple truth, j
and I hope the time will never come when the !
plain truth may not be spoken in this body and j
m the country. But the Senator has said that I ;
challenged, and admitted that I challenged, any i
one to point to a state of facts which existed prior I
to the first telegraphic communication to the Pros- !
ident, requiring or justifying his interposition in s
the^affairs of Kansas by military power. !
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator !
allow me to propound to him a question in a kind j
and friendly spirit ? j
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. It is with no pleasure that I
see these controversies grow up between Senators
of the different sections of the Union, much less
Senators from the same section of the Union,
when the general principle of my action commands
me to believe that there is an honest purpose, in-
tegrity, and patriotism equal in all parties and
all sections of the country. The honorable
Senator from Connecticut has been taken \eiy
severely to task upon the charge that he has
imputed to those who differ from him a moan and
despicable character. He has attempted to an-
swer that charge. I wish, in the kindest way, to
inform him that while I have no sensibilities on
that subject, lie has not succeeded in doing so;
and I rise for the purpose of calling his attention
to the point—because I do not believe he intended
to be so understood—that he may make an ex-
planation which will be satisfactory to his own
people as well as to those of us on this side of
the Chamber, who felt tlicy had a right to com-
plain.
The honorable Senator is understood by us in
his argument to maintain that those who adopt
the principle of*4 popular sovereignty" which he
adopts in regard to the Territory of Kansas, are
willing that all other men in tins country shall
enjoy the same rights and privileges with them-
selves; and he was understood to imply, and very
strongly to imply, that those who disapproved of
this application of the principle of popular sov-
eieignty were unwilling that other.persons should
enjoy the same privileges with themselves,
To make my remarks more distinctly under
stood by the Senator, I will state that he was un-
derstood to imply that he, and those who agreed
with him, are willing that the people of Kansas
should exercise certain rights and privileges, and
that others who think Congress has power and
ought to exercise it in regard to the slavery ques-
tion in the Territories of the United States, pre-
vious to their formation as States of the Union,
are unwilling to allow what he, and those who
act with him, are willing to allow to the people
of Kansas. It was thought on this side of the
Chamber, by neighbors and friends of the honor-
able Senator, that he implied that there was some-
thing mean and despicable in this position. If
the honorable Senator has no worse enemy than
myself, he is a man fortunate above all other men.
I have a great respect for him. I honor what I
believe to be the straightforwardness and the in-
tegrity of the honorable Senator, his boldness and
decision. I need not say that no man differs more
frequently from him than I do. But i desire on
this point, that he may have thc#opportunity of a
full explanation, so tliat he may correct the er-
roneous impression which exists, and which I
see that he desires to ielie\e.
j Mr. TOUCEY. If any such apprehension
! sprung up in the mind of any Senator, it is the
! furthest thing 111 the world from my intention.
I 1 had no thought or idea of any such thing1; hut
| at the same time, in the ardor of debate, t gave
; utterance to a truth, without meaning it to be
| applied to the opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska
i bill or to any class of men; but I felt, and I felt
deeply—to speak plainly and honestly—that it was
mean for any man to ask any greater privileges
for himself than he was willing to accord to
others. I meant to enunciate agcneral sentiment;
but I had no intention of applying it to any po-
litical platform, or to any political class of sen-
timents, as to constitutional power, or the ex-
ercise of constitutional power. I was giving
utterance to an honest conviction of my own mind;
for of all things on earth I detest inequality of
political rights. 1 feel it from my inmost heart.
I ask for the equal political rights of all men. I
have overacted upon this principle. I contend
not only for the equal light of every man, but
for the equal right of every community, to exer-
cise the powers of self-government. The fur-
thest thing from my mind was to say anvthmg
which might be construed to have a personal ap-
plication.
But, sir, I was saying that the Senator from
New Hampshire stated that the President had
exhibited, prior to his annual message, in the
documents before us, a state of things which
required interference. I did not deny that the
documents did  snow that state of things. I said
that pnor to the time when the telegraphic com-
munication was made, on the 1st of December, no
such state of facts existed. The letter from Gov-
ernor Shannon arrived afterwards; but before it
arrived there cainc by the telegraph news that the
whole matter was arranged, that the troops were
dispersed, that the parties on both sides were
satisfied, and there was no occasion for interfer-
ence; and therefore no notice was taken of it.
Then came communications from those who called
themselves chairmen of " the committee on
safety," and of "the executive committee of
Kansas Territory," and then the proclamation
issued. 1 said that up to the first telegraphic
communication, there had not existed a fact or a
state of facts which would justify the interference
of the President by calling out the military. That
was the proposition which I stated, and I say
now, that according to my apprehension, the
Senator from New Hampshire did not attempt
to show any case within the statute or within
the Constitution. But perhaps I misunderstood
him.
Mr. HALE. "Will the Senator allow me to
correct him ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I never understood the telegraphic
communication to be named until to-day. I under-
stood the Senator from Connecticut to say—audi
tlunk Ins printed speech will so show—that up to
the time when the President did interfere, he had
no right to interfere; and the telegiaphic communi-
cation, so far as my memory serves me, was not
made a point of departure by lam; and until to-
day I never heard of it in that connection.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Senator is under a mis-
apprehension entirely. I put the inquiry whether
any Senator could mention a state of facts which
would justify interference before that period. I
went forward to show the facts winch occurred
afterwards, beginning with the telegraphic com-
munication. Now, I agree that when the com-
munication of Governor Shannon reached the
President, it justified his interference. That
interference was delayed by information that the
whole matter was settled. It was afterwards re-
newed by communications from the chairmen of
the two committees on the other side of the ques-
tion, and then the proclamation and orders were
issued. I say that what I stated before was true,
that up to the period of which I was speaking-—
that is, up to the first of December—no state of
facts calling for interposition existed or was pre-
tended to exist.
Mr. President, in all that I have said it has not
been my intention to apply any opprobrious epi-
thets to any class of people, but to comment on
facts which were notorious, and to treat them in a
properand decorous manner. I think I have done
so. I have assailed no man. Anything I may
have said from first to last has been entirely, as
the Senator from New Hampshire said of himself,
on the defensive.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have a word
of reply to the Senator from Connecticut. That
Senator^thought proper to remark to-day, that if
he had said anything to wound the feelings of
any Senators, with one exception, he regretted it.
The Senator did not apply that remark to me. He
had not the courage nor the manliness to do so;
but he intended it, and I shall so consider it. Now,
I wish to say to linn, in the face of the Senate and
the country, that any remark made by him can
never excite an emotion in my bosom.
The Senator from Connecticut, on the 18th of
last month, in supporting the position taken by
the President, cast his eyes upon this side of the
Chamber, and said that there were those in the
country who did not wish that law and order
should be preserved in Kansas, for if the laws
were sustained their vocation would begone. He
did not make the charge; it was an insinuation,
and not a charge; but he intended that the Senate
and the country should understand that he meant
persons who had condemned the course of the
President hero and elsewhere. Sir, I saw fit to
reply to that which I deemed not to be a charge,
but something beneath a charge—an insinuation.
I said then, and I repeat now, that if the Senator
meant to insinuate asentiment of that kind against
me, it has no element of truth in it. It is a gra-
tuitous, uncalled-for assault.
The Senator from Connecticut is pleased to-
day to mention classes. What does he mean by
classcs ? Docs he undertake to charge those of
un here who arc opposing the policy which he
sees fit to advocate with being enemies to the
Constitution? Sir, I have no argument on that
question with any man. The man here, or else-
where, who charges me with being an enemy to
the Constitution of my country, makes a charge
winch is false, which has no truth in it, and
which I denounce as such.
Then, sir, the Senator from Connecticut speaks
of another class—a class of men who arc under-
takings pervert the Constitution of the country
and abrogate its provisions. If he means to in-
clude me in that class, here and now to his face,
I say there is not one word nor an element of
truth m if. By the Constitution of the country,
as I understand that Constitution, I am ready,
here and elsewhere, to stand and to maintain
and defend it. But, sir, these insinuations, which
have not the dignity of a charge, intend to dc-
scube a class of men; and the Senator from Con-
necticut, in my judgment, is willing to have it
understood that he means those who think as wo
think and act as we net; and if he so moans, he
includes a pretty large class of our fellow-citizens
and an unquestioned majority of the State whose
Representative he is.
I thought the remark of the Senator from
Connecticut, on the former occasion to which I
alluded, uncalled for. I spoke of it as I thought
it deserved, and I do not take it back. The Sen-
ator complains that I spoke of him as bowing to
executive power. Sir, the history of the Senate
and the country will show thatthat Senator prides
himself on being always the first to sustain and
apologize and defend the Executive. I am willing
that the Senator shall understand that I meant it
as a term of reproach. I do not take it back or
qualify it. If he is proud of it, let him wear it.
13ut, sir, 1 have no disposition to enter into a
controversy here or elsewhere with the Senator
from Connecticut, or any other Senator. In dis-
cussing these questions, differences of opinion
must necessarily exist. I express my opinions
