1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
Friday, May 16, 1856.
Mr. MALLORY said: Mr. President, when I
yielded the floor yesterday, I had reached that
portion of my reply to those arguments which
had made an impression on my mind, at which
it became necessary to review the results of the
action of the naval board as presented to us. I
had endeavored to confine my reply to such argu-
ments presented by Senators adverse to the views
entertained by the Executive, the Secretary of
the Navy, and the committee, as to my mind
were sucti as would guide the Senate to an intel-
ligent judgment on the question I have neces-
sarily discarded the consideration of a great
many propositions which have been introduced,
because I did not think the discussion of them
would conduct us to an intelligent conclusion,
and my object is to avoid the consumption of the
time of the Senate.
Now, sir, in reviewing the results of naval re-
form in various lights, and determining its value to
the country, I submit, as a general proposition,
that the value of the services of men in any pro-
fession of life, but particularly in the Navy, may
be determined by tne demand for them. There
are exceptions, of course, to this proposition; but,
as a general rule, it is correct. Looking at the
Executive's action, guided by this truth, we find
these results: First, the reserved captains have
been unemployed in your Navy, each an average
of twenty-two years, while tne active captains
have been unemployed, on an average, fourteen
years and six months. Second, the reserved
commanders have been unemployed in your
Navy sixteen years and ten months each, ana the
active commanders unemployed eight years each.
Third, your reserved lieutenants have been un-
employed seven years and five months each,
whereas your active lieutenants have been unem-
ployed only two years and eight months each.
Reducing this to a calculation of dollars and
cents for tne purpose of informing the country
for what they pay their money,-we find that, sup-
posing the average pay of these retired officers
•while unemployed, reckoning from their entry
into the service, to have been of captains, $1,480
per annum; of commanders, $1,000 per annum;
of lieutenants, $750 per annum, this result fol-
lows: that the active captains have averaged for
the State $13,200; the commanders $10,800; and
the lieutenants an average of $4,687 each more
than the retired officers of the corresponding
grades.
I will not undertake to say that these calcula-
tions are in all respects exact; for in the hurry of
preparing the remarks which I have the honor to
submit 1 have had to rely upon the clerk of my
committee for these figures. But I have no reason
to doubt their correctness.
"Viewing the argument, therefore, in the light of
dollars and cents alone, we present here this re-
sult against those who have been retired. I am
not to be met on this point by the suggestion, that
the active employment of these men is always
within the control of the Navy Department.
That is an abstraction as I have shown.
While on this point I may say that, constitu-
ted as the Navy Department is, it requires a pecu-
liar fitness for the duties of that office which is
rarely found in any incumbent. They are gen-
tlemen selected usually from the civil walks of
life, with no preparatory experience in naval
duties; and when they take possession of the
Department they are usually not only ignorant of
their duties, but absolutely ignorant of the lan-
guage in which those duties are couched. The
very orders which they themselves issue, and the
replies they receive to those orders, are incompre-
hensible to them. They fall immediately into the
liands of the chief clerks and the bureaus in the
Navy Department—necessarily so. In saying
this, I must not be understood as indicating ought
to the disparagement of these gentlemen, for I
have never found a more intelligent class of pub-
lic officers more ready or more competent to dis-
charge conscientiously the duties of their several
offices, according to their own judgment, than
the heads and subordinates of the Navy Depart-
ment, since 1 have had any connection with them.
They are as enlightened, intelligent, and devoted
to the public service as any other men in the
country. You look to the Secretary alone, and
you hold him responsible for the condition, con-
duct, and discipline of the service; and yet you
select a man for this position who scarcely knows
one end of a ship from another. Such has been
the too frequent result with regard to this office;
but there have been several well-known excep-
tions, and, amongst them,'the present Secretary.
This gentleman came to the Department with
an uncommon degree of knowledge of the true
character and condition of the service; and his
clear and comprehensive mind very soon mas-
tered its details and routine, and enabled him, at
a very early day of his official career, to firmly
grasp the helm of the Navy, and guide and gov-
ern it by the light of his own singularly dispas-
sionate judgment.
Mr. President, there are many propositions
which have been announced by the Senator from
Georgia, and by others, which I shall not stop
to consider for the reason I have assigned—that
I am satisfied the minds of Senators themselves
will be suggestive of their proper replies. One
is, that this reform has increased the expense of
the Navy, and thus violates the law. I do not
recollect any argument that he gave us to prove
it. This is a matter of figures, not of assertion.
It is a matter of dollars and cents; and if the
expenses of the Navy are increased even six and
a quar® cents, the Senator from Georgia can
show it. Let him do so. It is not a matter of
opinion. I say the expenses of the Navy are not
increased, and there is the issue between us. The
proof which I have on the subject is an executive
document. The Secretary of the Navy has been
interrogated by the Senate upon this point, and
his official reply is this:
" The vacancies have been filled, according to the act,
'by regular promotion in the order of rank or seniority.'
Although there are now on this reserved list one hundred
and forty-seven officers, the expenses of the Navy, as ap-
pears from calculations accurately made, are not increased,
tor the reason that they are not only on reduced pay, but
the officers promoted to 'their vacancies do not receive the
full pay .of the grade to which they are thus promoted. They
attain the higher rank, and secure more responsible and im-
portant commands, but are not to enjoy full pay until the
vacancies they fill are made complete by either resignation,
death, or removal."
This should be satisfactory upon this point,
and I dismiss it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The figures are all set down
in my speech, as printed yesterday morning. I
did not read them here, but the figures are there.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not seen the Sena-
tor's printed speech. I commenced yesterday
before it was published, and 1 have not had an
opportunity of seeing it since; and whatever those
figures may be, or whether they do or do not
clash with the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
I am not aware.
Another suggestion of the Senator from Georgia
was this: Notwithstanding the law decides that
the aggregate number of officers shall not be in-
creased, and notwithstanding they have not been
increased, he assumes that they will be increased.
He tells you that we shall hereafter be called upon
to promote or to nominate for other appointments,
and that the numbers in the various grades will
be thereby increased. If I understood him, his
position was, that the grades were not increased
now; but that the first thing the country would
know, the Senate would be called upon to increase
them. Sir, are we to guide our action by such
a suggestion ? Is that to weigh with us one feath-
er's weight in the disposal of the questions before
us? Whenever it snail come up, we will deal
with it. You can no more foretell what course
the Secretary of the Navy will pursue'on this
subject, than you can foretell the action of this
body; but you are bound to believe that neither
will seek to violate or evade the laws of the land.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will put the'Senator right,
though I hardly deem it necessary. The gentle-
man seems to have an ex parte statement of the
case, with no arguments and no facts. I will cor-
rect him as he goes on, if he will allow me. I stated
that, according to the laws fixing the comple-
ments in your service, you needed an additional
number of subordinate officers, unless you alter
those laws. As the service now stands, by the
action of this board, the number of officers of the
rank of midshipman has been reduced from four
hundred and eighty-four to less than two hun-
dred. You must necessarily, in order to com-
plete your complements, add a large number of
masters or midshipmen, or officers below lieuten-
ants, to do ship's duty. That is my argument.
The reason why I say this will be done is be-
cause everybody knows it must be done accord-
ing to the laws regulating the naval service.
Mr. MALLORY. Like a great deal that has
been said upon this subject, I deny that that is an
argument at all. I assert the fact at once that the
Senator starts with a wrong assumption. He
starts with the assumption that more officers are
needed in the junior grades, and that toe shall have
to appoint them. If they shall become necessary,
I hope we shall give them; but I say that there is
no existing necessity for calling upon the Senate,
as the Senator alleges, to authorize the promotion
of more officers. Let the future take care of itself.
The power which every commander of a ship
exercises of making and unmaking petty officers
is, in my judgment, sufficient to meet every pre-
sent contingency.
I think we have midshipmen enough. It is
somewhat difficult to surrender the old-fashioned
practice of having a crowd of these " young gen-
tlemen," as they are frequently called, in every
ship; but in my judgment all the duty they ever
did can be better performed by acting master's
mates or other petty officers which our improving
class of able seamen will abundantly supply, and
which every officer in command may create.
It is a mistake to suppose we shall want more
midshipmen; and the assumption that we shall
hereafter want them is the foundation of the Sen-
ator's argument.
Mr. TOOMBS. My argument is that the law
demands them.
Mr. MALLORY. What law ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The law of 1842, organizing
the Navy, says, that there shall be four hundred
and eighty-four midshipmen.
Mr. MALLORY. If that were the question—
if the law requires an addition to those at the Naval
Academy and those doing sea service to make up
four hundred and eighty-four, I hope that means
will be taken to reduce all supernumerary mid-
shipmen; but the Senator is mistaken, inasmuch
as the law of 1855 reduces the number of mid-
shipmen by creating a greater number of masters.
With other arguments of this character, to
which we have listened, I shall not delay the
Senate. I know that there is intelligence enough,
and far more than enough, in this body on naval
subjects to meet any such suggestions at once,
and it is unnecessary for me to discuss them.
The beneficial results of the action of this naval
board have been the most surprising, and those
who have anything to do with service see it every-
where. Heretofore, the Secretary of the Navy,
in ordering a ship to unpleasant sea duty, has
sometimes had to order from two to six officers in
succession, with the possibility of getting one.
What is the result now ? The Secretary of the
Navy has but to intimate a desire for an officer
for any line of service, and forthwith he has many
volunteers. But a short time ago—and these are
not single instances—he wanted an officer sud-
denly to go to the coast of Africa, a station as
disagreeable as any to officers in our service. He
sent for one of the most brilliant officers in the
corps, and, without giving him any orders, he
observed to him, " I want an officer for the coast
of Africa; when can you be ready for sea?" " I
believe the train starts for New York at four
o'clock, and I am ready now," was the reply.
A few days after he wanted an officer to go for
the Amelia, at San Domingo, a vessel which our
consul there detained. He telegraphed to an
officer at Philadelphia, and, lest some delay might
occur, he sent to the Coast Survey Office for
another. When the latter came in, he said to
him that he wanted an officer to go to San Do-
mingo; " When will you be ready?" He made
the same reply: " 1 can go this afternoon in the
four o'clock train." In the mean time the officer
from Philadelphia came on and claimed the right
to go, as he received the first order.
Such is the spirit of the service. I know that
the Senator from Georgia looks on this as re-
markable ; and' it is remarkable and worthy of
notice, that the reform in the Navy has brought
about this result. Stations which have heretofore
been regarded as those to be avoided by every
