592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5.
frankly and freely, without intending to wound
the feelings of any one.
The Senator speaks of sources from which
attacks may come. He and myself are residents
of neighboring States. I am willing that the
people of Massachusetts and Connecticut shall
estimate the Senator and myself at our real value.
I am willing to leave in their hands my character,
and I do not shrink from any verdict which they
may pronouncc.
In reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Connecticut, and to the tone of contempt which
he undertakes to cast upon some of us, I will say,
in conclusion, that he cannot utter a word on this
floor which will rankle in my bosom. He has
not done it to-day, for I can go as far as he can
go in feeling the emotions of contempt.
Mr. HALE. I desire to detain the Senate for
a moment, in consequence of a suggestion which
has been made to me by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] that, while I was endeav-
oring to throw oil on the troubled waters, and
make peacc, I had unwittingly said something
offensive myself.
Mr. PUGH. I will tell the Senator what he
said. I understood him to describe a certain class
of northern gentlemen who had come here with
professions of Democracy on their lips, and who
were in the habit of pandering to what he called
the sourccs of power and patronage. He likened
them to things that crawl in the dust. Now, sir,
I am one of the northern men who have come
here with professions of Democracy on my lips,
and, if I know myself, with the love of Democ-
racy in my heart. When he says he meant per-
sons of that sort, did he mean to include me in
that class?
Mr. HALE. If the honorable Senator had
heard distinctly what 1 said, it would have saved
him all this trouble; because I took particular
care to exclude any such conclusion. The Sena-
tor from Connecticut described certain classes,
and I told him I would describe a class which we
had in the northern States, and I emphasized the
words " New England.5' When [ got through
the description, I said they never found their way
here. Instead of saying that they came here, I
said distinctly that they did not come here. That
is exactly what I said. Whilst, of course, I
mean to act up to my professions, I must say
that I made the remark as due to the truth of
history. I hope the Senator is satisfied.
Let me say another word, because an honorable
Senator who sits before me [Mr. Joxcs, of Iowa]
tells me that another remark which I made might
leave a bad impression. It might be supposed,
from the remarks of the Senator from South Car-
olina, that I had used the term "dough-faces"
in my speech. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina spoke as if I had used the word.
Mr. President, here is my speech, [holding up a
pamphlet copy;] I never correct my speeches.
Mr. fiUTLER. To what is the gentleman
alluding?
Mr. HALE. The Senator did not hear what
I said. The Senator from South Carolina spoke
as if I used the term " dough-faces" in my
speech.
Mr. BUTLER. Somebody used it.
Mr. HALE. That I do not deny. I was going
to say that here is my speech, printed just exactly
as I spokeit. Inevercorrectmyspeechcs. They
are poor enough when they are delivered under
the impulse ot the momentinthc Senate Chamber,
and I know they would be much worse if 1 went
into the printing office to correct them; and there-
fore I say to the reporters, " Never bring your
notes to me; what I say, let it go." On the morn-
ing aftei this speech was delivered, I saw the
proof-sheets, and I possibly made three or four
verbal corrections, such as putting in a comma, or
something of thatsort; butl never altered a word,
nor did I add a word, nor did I take out a word.
I have not read the speech: and if anybody can
find the term 44 dough-face," or anything like it,
in that speech, I confess I shall be exceedingly
mistaken. It is not there. I do not allow myself
to use such language in the Senate or elsewhere.
In the remarks which I made in answer to the
Senator from Connecticut, I stated distinctly that
I wished to complete the picture which he had
drawn: and I said there was a class of politicians
whom I described confined to the northern States,
without meaning, of course, to apply the (state-
ment to anybody here, because I would not do
such a thing.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the Senator from
New Hampshire has asseverated repeatedly that
he never uses any offensive expression. One has
been suggested and he disclaims having used it,
and he says it cannot be found in one of his
speeches. I shall not direct my attention to other
offensive expressions of that Senator; but inas-
much as he expressly disclaimed the use of one,
I wish to call his attention and that of the Senate
to a speech which he made some days ago. I
wish to callthe attention of the Senate to the fact
that it does designate by an offensive term a par-
ticular class, and not only a particular class, but
a class who sit upon this floor—a class which
does include the Senator from Connecticut and
the Senator from Ohio, and many other Senators
from the northern States who choose to resist
that fanatical spirit to which he and others prefer
to pander. Here is the expression. In a speech
which he made on the 26th of February, in reply
to the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] he
used this language—I read from his printed
speech, pamphlet copy, which, if I understand
him, underwent his own supervision and correc-
tion 
Mr. HALE. Which did not, I said.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator said he looked over
the speech, and made one or two corrections.
That, I thought, was an admission that it had
been revised by him. Now, here it is, and I sub-
mit to the judgment of the Senate whether I have
made any charge, or imputed words to the Sena-
tor which he did not use, and whether I have
misconstrued their application. He says:
"Why, sir, I suppose it was northern aggression that
repealed the Missouu compromise! Was it not? It was
noithern aggre&sion that made war upon Mexico, and took
such a great portion of hor territoiy, and blotted out the le-
striction of slaveiy which that semi-baibaious people had
imposed upon that portion of God's earth which fell to their
dominion? Was that northern aggiession ? it is northern
aggression winch has held possession of the high places of
tins Government—in your chau, sn, in the piesidenual
eliaii, on the bench of tlieSupieme Court! It is noithern
aggioision that so carves out this country that a vast ma-
jontv ol the people inhabiting the free States are kept in a
peipetual and eternal minority in that eveilasting citadel of
sl.iveiy—your Hupieme Count of the United States, It is
northern aggie-^ion, I suppose, That has done all this. Sir,
{ had heaid this teim so many times, that I had begun to
suppose people would he tired of using it. What have we
done? We havy stood on the defensive. We have always
been in a piactical minority heie, because you have bought
upcfouzh-J'trei enough to control us. We have always been
in <i minouty practically."
A " practical minority"—where, sir? On this
floor. That is the conclusion. None other can
be drawn from it. " Dough-faccs!" Who, sir?
Those northern men who choose to stand by the
rights which the South has under the Constitu-
tion—those are the men whom he traduces and
reviles as " dough-faces" bought up by the South.
Mr. HALE. Let me put myself right as far
as I can. The part of the spccch which went
under the slight revision which I made was a
speech which I delivered on the 28th of February,
18.">6. It was printed before I saw a word of it.
After jtwas printed, the printer [of the pamphlet]
came and told me that there was not enough of
that speech to fill the sixteen pages which he had
advertised would constitute the pamphlet. I told
him then, that he might take the remarks which
I had made a few days before, introductory to it,
which he did take from the Globe. The report
of those remarks I never saw and never read after
they were printed; so that it did not come under
any supervision of mine at all. Now I will con-
fess the word is there, as it appears. I think I
did not use it: but if I did use it I am sorry for
it. I am actually sorry that 1 used it, because I
do not like to use such language; and if I do use
it, it is on the impulse of the moment, and I am
sorry that the word was put in the remarks which
I made, because I do not like the rhetoric of the
thing, to say nothing else. Besides, I was speak-
ing of the history of the past and not of the
present; and I was drawing a contrast between
the past and the present m the remarks from which
the Senator from Alabama has quoted. That is
all, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe, sir, that it is nearly
the umc for adjournment. The dinner hour has
arrived. I have nothing particular to say on this
question; but I desire to know whether or not
this is to be a free fight, [laughter,] and whether
it is expected to continue ? [Oh, yes.] If so, I
may feel disposed to take part in it myself. At
any rate, I think the time for adjournment has
arrived, and therefore I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 5, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SWEARING IN A MEMBER.
Hon. Asa Packer, a Representative from the
State of Pennsylvania, appeared and took the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of State, inviting
attention to the copy of an act transmitted there-
with, entitled "An act to repeal part of an act
entitled * an act to provide for the safe-keeping
of the acts, records, and seal of the United States,
and for other purposes,' " which passed the
House of Representatives April 3, 1854, and
was in the Senate referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. The object of the act is stated by
the Secretary to be to abolish a fee of twenty-
five cents now required for authenticating any
paper under the seal of the Department; bi*t the
revenue accruing from such fee is inconsider-
able, and subjects the Department to much in-
convenience in its collection. It was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, inclosing a copy of a letter from the
assistant treasurer at Now York, asking addi-
tional compensation for clerks in the assay office;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting a report made to the Superin-
tendent by the general disbursing agent of the
Coast Survey, Samuel Hcin, Esq., showing the
number and names of persons employed during
the last fiscal year upon that work, and the busi-
ness connected therewith; the amount of compen-
sation received by them; the nature of their occu-
pation and length of time during which they were
employed; together with a statement of all ex-
penditures made during that year under the direc-
tion of the Superintendent, Professor A. D. Bache;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Superintendent
of Public Printing, transmitting the third annual
report of that office, showing the condition of the
public printing; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbfry Die kins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; m which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act making an appropriation for a new for-
tification for the defense of the entrance of Gal-
veston harbor and bay, in the State of Texas; and
An act for the relief of the distributees of Colo-
nel William Linn.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
Mr. STEPHEN'S. I wish to make a report
from the Committee of Elections in the matter
of the memorial of the Hon. Charles J. Ingersoll;
and I am directed by the committee to report a
bill for his relief.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title/referred to the Committee of the Whole
Ho/se, and ordered to be printed.
^J THE KANSAS ELECTION.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to submit a report in the
contested-election case of the Territory of Kansas.
I am also further instructed to ask that this report
be read and ordered to be printed; and I will then
move that the further consideration of it be post-
poned till to-morrow, at one o'clock, and that it
be made the special order for that time.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will not insist
