tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
stored away in the magazine and arsenal. An
immense quantity of powder is collccted there.
The company* after acceding to these proposi-
tions, ascertained that it would cost more than
they ongiually thought, and have refused to go
on and comply with these conditions, but now
appeal to Congress to be relieved from them.
That is the character of this hill. I have here
a report from the Secretary of War, and also
from Colonel Craig, which 1 will ask the Secre-
tary to read for the information of the Senate. I
may as well here remark that the Secretary of
War, and all the officers connected with the ord-
nance department, are utterly opposed to taking
off any of the restrictions or conditions imposed
under the act of last year.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordnance Office, Washington, May 15, 1856.
Feeling it to be my duty, as chief of the oidnance de-
partment, having charge of its concerns, I asked the atten-
tion of the Secretary of War to a bill which parsed the
House ofllepiesentatives on the 8th of May instant, (and
Which has still to be acted on m the Senate,) entitled " A
bill granung the right ol'way to the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain railroad through the arsenal, magazine, and Jef-
ferson barracks tracts," the provisions of which conflict
with the conditions which he, the Secretary, had deemed
Indispensable for the protection of the public intcicsN when
he granted to this company the right of way under the act
of I4th of Februaiy, 1853.
My letter has been returned by the Secretary, with the
following indorsement: uTno Chief of Oidmmeo will mve
furthei explanation of this case to the Committer on Mili-
tary Allans of the Senate. Its history and probable eon^e-
quence*, not only to the arsenal, but aUo to the u-.c ol the
magazine, will be cleaiiv presented,'' in compliance with
which direction i have the honor to make the following
statement ;
The act of February 14, above refeirod to, and
which is entitled "An act gianting the ii  ht of nay to the
St. Louis and lion Mountain Railroad Company, and hn
other purposes," enacts u that the  i lu of way, sixty feet
in width, through the hinds in which the St. Low* arsenal,
fheSt. Louis marine ho-pital,and Jeffe^on bai racks aie sit-
uated m the State of Missouu, be and the suine is hereby
granted to the St. Louis and fiou Moiuuam Unilioad Com-
pany, for the construction of a uulroad tiom the city of St.
Louis through said lands: J-Yart<h:d, That the locationot said
road tluouqh the lands al'oie^aid ^Ivill be made subp>ct to ihc
approval of the Secretary of War: Prondtd fiat her, That
said location can he made without injury to the public in-
terest, in the opinion of the said See i< t.iiy ot Wai."
Under the provisions of tin-, act, the miho.id company
located then load, piesenfed maps'-hcnvmL' its location m
connection with the ai.-ennl, ni.iiM/.nie, and other public
huildinffs, and allied the SeeieUi.vN appiowl Afrei vnv
elaborate statements hv the company's engineer, and icphes
thereto by this office, the Secret.irveonsentcd to a ri^hc of
way, under the lollowintr conditions:
" Conditions ori which thought of way through the public
grounds at St. Louuar^ena! and Jefferson bairaeks may be
granted to the St. Louis and Iron Mouiiuuu Railroad Com-
pany:
1. The road through the arsenal grounds to be located
one bundled teet further east than the hue on the map sub-
mitted.
" 0 The railroad company to he required to place a stone
wall of Mich height as the commanding othcur may ocMg.
natc, between the load ami the giounds occupied foi mih-
tarv purposes, (u nh Mutable non jraies and ways.) and a
strons* wno Jeice between r+s*  load mid the water, Mith
Miitai'lc mm gates and eio-sing places. 'Hie numiiei ot gates
not to exceed tout atJeft'eiMm bariack-.; one.it ifie maga-
zine, and one at the nr-erial The posits to be seieeu'd bv
the commanding officer thereof; but the Coveinm'-m? to
have the right to open as many w.i}s arm-* the i.ulioasl to
flic water as the en eunistanees of the sei vice may require,
but without evpcnM* to the company. The to.id* from the
arsenal to the water to be pa- sed over by a bridge m such a
manner a:- to cau-e no obMiuct'on.
'• 3. The commanding officer's house and any other
hou C3 it may be neccssaiy to remove, in consequence of
the road pacing through the public giouncH, to be t.ik< n
down and removed to bites designated by the commanding
officer, and put up at the expense ot theVompanv.
" 4. The company to keep tiic gate*, fence:-, and crossing
places m lepair a  long as they icnun tne i ipbt of way for
the mad, and to keep at all tunes a watchman, or other
suitable persona, to give nonce ot the apptoaeh ot tiams.
That the compunv shall be ro-pon>ible tor all the lo.^e*
which may be sustained by the pubhe. either l,e mc de-
struction of public piopeity, or by collision with the trains
m poking over tiie several crossing places.
4*0. Horse power only to be used in passing through the
public giounds."
The&e conditions were accepted bv the raihoad company
on the v23th Octobcr, 1853, as appears b\ the h t?ci honi
L. 31. Kcnnctt, it-* president, dated October 20.a eopv
ot which is hereto annexed.
It will be seen, by the hill now before the Senate, that it
provides- tor the substitution of iplank fence, as well on
the arsenal grounds as elsewhere, m place of the stone wall
with iron gates, called for on the arsenal ground* by num-
ber two of the above condition*; and that it give^ to the
commanding oflicer of Jeller.-oii bartack-. the dueetion ot"
thi< in-irn i, notoi.lv as to the luiwete raet. but as to the
jmgt/ine trru't and ar^nal ttaet---o\ci winch ho lui> no
imlitai v eontioi—instead of leaving th'.' direction as to uicm-
two to the coiniiicindui^ officer of the ai&enal.
If the i onthtion to Uie stone wall and iron gate <<u the
sr.=enal tiact dispensed with, it will gicatly <\\po?o the
arsenal, m which over one million five hundred thousand
poltdr* worth of ordnance stores are placed, as the railroad
will become a thoroughfare between two portions of the
city. It will be necessary to protect that front of the arsenal
grounds by a wall similar to those which protect that
giound from the streets which bound the other fronts ; and
it is but reasonable that such a wall, with its iron gate,
should be built at the expense of the railroad company.
It will be seen, also, by the bill before you, that it pro-
vides. instead of the horse power named in number six of
the above conditions, that the company may use their loco-
motives, except when the Government. ma> give them twen-
ty-four houis' notice of the intention to receive or &hip
powder, and that then, during the receiving or shipping,
horse power shall be used. Now, that such an exception
will piove of no avail to the United States will, 1 think, be
apparent upon readme my letter of tiie 11th of Octobcr, ISoS,
to the Secretary of Wai, a copy of which is annexed.
I do not wish to be understood, m drawing your attention
to the most injurious features of the new lull, that I am of
opinion that any part of the Secretary'^ conditions can be
dispensed with consistently with the public inteiests.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient seivant, II. K. CRAIG,
Colonel of Ordnancc.
Hon. J. B. Wellkr, Chairman oj the Committee on Mili-
tary Jljjairs, United Slates Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
California desire the reading of the letters accom-
panying the document?
Mr. WELLER. I wish to have the letter of
the president of the company read, which shows
an acceptance of the conditions prescribed by the
Secretaiy of War on the company under the act
of] 853.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Office St. Louis and Iron Mountain' Rut,:ro*.d
Company, St. Louis, October 29, ]8.>3.
Sir: I have to acknowledge receipt of your lettc* of the
20th mutant, with lnelo^ures, and now communicate the
mfoimatiou that, at a meeting of tiie board of directors on
the 2l)th instant, the same were laid befoic them, and on
motion, " It was retolvc<1, That the right of w<y tlnough the
Government grounds, Mibp'et to the condition^ and restric-
tions imposed, be accepted, and that the president of the
company communicate their acceptance to the Secretary
of War."" Geneial Claike, the oflicer in command of the
Jefteison barrack^, has also been iuinished with a copy of
this lesolution. Ftom the teuot ot your letter, the boaid
of duectors arc led to believe that the restriction as regards
the u^e of hor^e power will not bo insisted on, at le.i^t a<i
respects the arsenal; and that it may be modified as
texpects the mnga'ine and bairaek^, that it will oniv be
enforced when powdct is being Innded or shipped. .But \\c
tea\e tin- to yout tmther consideration and letlection, not
doubting your di^po-mon to oblige us as far as you may
deem coiiNjvtent with the dunes of your position.
f have the honoi to remain, with the highest respect,
your obedient seivant,
fi _W. IvENNET'V,President.
lion. Jr:rri:!{M)v f>\vi~f,
Scrj utanj o f War, Washington City.
Mr. WEXjLEII. Tins bill comes from a ma-
jority of the Committee on Military Allans, the
Senator from Alabama and myself being in a
minority. I know that that Senator desires to be
heard on this question. He feels that a sense of
public duty will compel him to speak against the
bill, and therefore I ask that its further consider-
ation may be postponed. I move that it be post-
poned until Monday next.
Mr. (JrEYKR. That will be almost equivalent
to an indefinite postponement, rm the Senate will,
m nil probability, suspend business after Friday
for a considerable permd. The only reason why
I ask the attention of the Senate to the bill this
morning is, that the company is now laying down
the iron tipon the road.
A similar bill was reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs at the last session by a unan-
imous report, after a full investigation of the
whole matter, m which they made provisions cor-
le^pondnig' with those in the present bill, but not
quite so strin^rnt upon the company. That bill
tequired two covred ways only, and it required
no fence and no inclosuiv whatever between the
road and the river, and imposed no conditions on
the company m respect to making provision for
piovenung sparks from communicating to the
public works. That bill passed the Senate after
a thorough investigation by the committee and
upon its unanimous report*, it failed in the House
of Representatives only for want of time.
At the present session the Military Committee
of that House took up the subject, and reported
the bill with the amendments which I have men-
tioned. It passed that House, was referred to
the Committee on Military Ailairs of the Senate,
and there w.is again reported, by a majority I
agrcu, but, nevertheless, it is the report of that
committee upon u toll investigation of the mat-
ter.
1 am aware fhatthemunuoghourwillnotaclmit
of the protracted discussion of this question. I
cannot go as fully into it as I would desire with-
out interfering with the business which has been
made the special order.
Mr. BELzL, of Tennessee. Allow me to ask
the honorable Senator one question: Whether
investigations have been made to show that a
plank fence will be as secure, while kept in sound
condition, as any stone fence possibly could be,
to prevent the mischiefs which it is supposed are
likely to arise? If so, I think the principal ob-
jection to this bill is removed, and we ought to
pass it. I think that is a material point of in-
quiry.
Mr. GEYER. I understand that to have been
the unanimous opinion of the Senate committee
at the last session, and of a majority of the
committee at the present session. But the bill
provides that, if this inclosure shall not prove to
be satisfactory, the President may, at any time,
require the company to construct a brick wall, or
an iron fence. A plank fence is, in the judgment
of the whole committee, at the lastsessioh, and a
majority of the committee at the present session,
perfectly secure; but this additional precaution i$
taken. The supposed danger is to the magazine,
which, it is said, will be exposed to the sparks
from locomotives on this road. The road is imme- 
diatcly on the bank of the river, where, in timo
of high water, steamboats pass without any re-
straint in reference to the use of their steam. The
magazine is six hundred feet from the road. 1
have before me a report of the ordnance officer
who had the arsenal in charge, and under whose
superintendence this magazine was built, in so
many words declaring that it was removed from
all danger from the road, and exposed none of
the adjoining property to danger. When that
magazine was about to be erected, the neighbors
remonstrated. The subject was referred to Major
Bell. He examined it. The magazine is within
four hundred and fifty feet of private property?
and he reports that it is sufficiently remote from
thepnvato property, and from the railway, to bo
entirely secure. I hope, Mr. President, that the
Senate will consider the bill now, and pass it at
once.
Mr. PRATT. As a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs, it was my duty to examine
as well as I could the evidence in reference to the
bill now under consideration. The facts can be
vciy briefly stated so as to be understood by the
whole Senate.
The ouginal set, which it is now proposed to
amend, imposed upon the company certain restric-
tions, which the company represented to the com-
mittee to be unnecessarily onerous upon them.
One was that a brick wall should be erected along
the hne of the whole public property there.
Another was that the company should be pre-
vented, while passing along that line of some two
or three miles, fiom using; engines for the purpose
of carrying their trains, but should be restricted
i to the use of horse power. The bill which is now
j on your table, sir, authorizes the company at pres-
! ent to put up a plank fence, but requires them to
| enter into an obligation thatif,atany future period,
! it shall be found necessary to put up any other
' fence, they shall erect such a fence as the Presi-
| deut of the United States may direct. I thought,
| as a member of the committee, that it was un-
^ ncccssary (unless experience should show that a
necessity existed) for the protection of the pub-
' lie property to incumber the company with the
, erection of an iron or stone fence for miles along
' this public property. The company will be
I obliged under the bill to erect such a fence, if the
I President of the United States shall find by actual.
! experience that it is necessary.
i Now, in reference to the use of their locomo-
I tives; the only danger represented was that the
j sparks might communicate to the powder in the
magazine. To avoid this, the bill provides, that
whenever the officer in command there shall
give notice to the company that the Government
intends to carry powder to or from the magazine,
the company shall be restricted to the use of
horse power for twenty-four hours before and
twenty-four hours after the period when they
shall be so notified. I take it for granted that
the magazine itself is fireproof, and'can be in no
danger from any sparks which may be commu-
nicated to the exterior of the magazine building.
The committee thought it won unnecessarv to
burden the community or this company with
the use of hoise power for three or four miles
