1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
along the public property, when tlie magazine
•would be equally protected by the provision in
the bill obliging the company to use horsepower
for twenty-four hours before and twenty-four
hours after the period when they shall be notified
that powder is to be carried to and from the
magazine.
These are the two provisions which are made
by the present bill. It seems to me that the bill
is in itself a sufficient protection to the United
States, and that the company ought to be relieved
from the onerous burdens now imposed on it by
the original act.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope there will be no
postponement. This is a work of great import-
ance. That does not seem to be questioned by ■
any one. The difficulties in regard to the prop-
erty of the United States seem to me to be entirely
obviated; if not in themselves imaginary, they
will be entirely obviated by the provisions of the
bill. Every precaution which is thought neces-
sary for the security of all the parties is made in
the bill. In a railroad of public importance every-
where throughout the Union, you take from the
farmer his land which lies in the way; you pay
him a compensation, to be adjusted by a jury.
Here the most ample provisions are made. The
only question is, whether the company shall be
charged with the onerous conditions first imposed,
of building brick walls, or stone walls, for miles
in extent. The dangers and the inconveniences
to the public property which it is necessary that
this road should pass through, if it pass through
it at all, seem to be imaginary.
I hope there will be no postponement. I know
of no plainer case for the judgment of the Senate
than this. We may have interruptions of our
business for days and days—I do not know how
long, nor what may be tlieir ultimate effect on
the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the special
order has arrived; and it must be taken up, unless
the Senate direct otherwise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the special
Order be postponed, and that this subject be pro-
ceeded with, as we are upon it. i
Mr. IVERSON. As a member of the Com-
rffittee on Military Affairs, I do not intend to take
any particular part in the discussion on this bill,
"though I shall vote against it in its present form;
but I know that the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Fitzpatrick,] who is also a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, is opposed to the bill,
and I think desires to express his opposition on
this floor. He is absent to-day from the service
of the Senate, certainly not knowing that the bill
would be called up, and in my opinion it is not
altogether fair that it should be pressed in his'
absence. I must therefore object to the post-
ponement of the special order. Let this subject
go over until to-morrow, when the Senator from
Alabama can have an opportunity, if he desires,
to express his sentiments.
Mr. JOHNSON.' Do I understand that the
Senator from Georgia is opposed to this bill ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir; I am.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the Senator been in at-
tendance on the committee when these matters
were regularly before us ? Was he present at the
last meeting, or the meeting preceding the last?
Mr. IVERSON. I was present at the last
meeting.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Senator when
that last meeting was held!
Mr. IVERSON. One day this week—I think
Monday.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the committee—I be-
lieve—I may be mistaken—I can at least speak
for one member—were not aware that there was
an equal division among them. It now appears,
however, that such is the case, for they stand
three to three. *
I am very well aware that a single department
of this Government can at any tune produce a
very strong force in this body. The department
opposing this bill give strong reasons; but their
own correspondence, and the facts which it has
evolved, will show that there is not a single objec-
tion made by them in regard to this road running
through one of these tracts, which has not been
waived by themselves, by a proposition for other
advantages to be obtained at the distance of eight
miles.
Under the circumstances, I may consent to a
postponement of the bill, in order that gentlemen
may be prepared to produce their arguments in
opposition to it. Let ma tell them that when they
shall establish a conviction that the inferior for-
tifications of this country are of more value than
the greatest works of internal improvement, they
will have produced a state of things making our
Government preeminently military in all its char-
acteristics. The correspondence m regard to this
subject was submitted to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and the representative from St.
Louis was before the committee. The Senator
from Georgia, or the chairman of the committee,
may have had information which was not com-
municated to the rest of us; but until they can
show that the correspondence was not correctly
quoted to us, I must think that the objection to
this measure results from a disposition, some-
where, to exercise an arbitrary power over the
whole body, rather than to allow reason to govern
it, in looking at the internal improvement and
prosperity of the country.
So much for the character of the opposition to
a bill which will do justice to a highly important
internal improvement of our country. But it
seems that the Democratic party is to be arrayed
at once against internal improvement of every
character and description—even such as have the
sanction of the apostles of the Democratic faith—
aged Senators, whose words are revered and hon-
ored amongst us. To this I cannot consent.
The military department, which has taken the
control of nearly everything that it has ever
touched, and held it in mortmain, can scarcely
be reached by the laws of Congress. Executive
power has^passed beyond our control. It has
gone so far that public sentiment can scarcely
touch it without being blamed for infringing a
sancity above religion, the object of whose ven-
eration is a higher and a Supreme Being. Sir, I
am tired of a system which strikes at the root of
every description of internal improvement. To
obstruct them, interior fortifications are intruded
at points where they are of no value. It is feared
that a railroad may interfere with play-ground
exhibitions of the troops; and the puffing of an
engine may become a horror to the horse of the
soldier, and to its rider. Such is the character
of the opposition to this bill.
The honorable Senator from Georgia, rather
than permit a railroad to pass through these pub-
lic grounds, would compel it to make a circuit of
fourteen miles; thus destroying private capital
and discouraging private enterprise which have
been invested in a work which is national m im-
Eortance. And for what? To quiet an appre-
ensive feeling in the breast of our soldiery. The
plow-boy and his team gaze undismayed from
the furrow at the snorting of the engine as it
dashes along its course; but the soldier may be
upset, ranks may be disturbed, and a gallant
dragoon may be pitched heels over head. I have
no respect for such opposition. 1 have seen this
bill defeated year after year; steadily and con-
stantly defeated by the friends of military rule;
and I am tired of it. I desire to have it arrested.
I have no respect orveneration for power which
is exercised m such a manner. In the present
case we have the proof in the handwriting of the
proper officers, that they were willing^ to yield
their objections in regard to one end eight miles
off, if certain advantages were given at ihe other
end. This fact shows that the difficulties which
they have urged are really entitled to no force.
They are not satisfied to allow this privilege to
the company unless they can get ulterior advan-
tages.
I think the carrying on of a great scheme of in-
ternal improvement of the highest benefit to the
country, should no longer be interfered with by
executive or departmental authority; nor should
the military be permitted any longer to control a
question like this. Itis wrong; it is inconsistent
with common sense; it is obstructive of the pros-
perity of the country; it tends to perpetuate a
rule to which, if individually applied, I believe
every gentleman here would scorn to submit.
The PRESIDENT. - The question is on post-
poning the special order.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not propose to discuss
this question on a motion to postpone. I know
that is altogether out of order. 1 think the speech
of the honorable Senator from Arkansas has
been entirely out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to say-
on what point it was out of order?
Mr. IVERSON. On a motion to postpone I
think it is out of order to discuss the merits of
theoriginalproposition. Thatisthegrouncfwhich
I take. The Senator certainly wentlengthily into
the discussion of the merits of the bill itself. So
far as my opposition is concerned, I think the
Senator has gone off, according to the old saying,
" half cocked," because he did not know the ex-
tent and character of my opposition to the bill.
I am not opposed to the bill m principle; the Sen-
ator is mistaken aboutthat. I may take occasion,
when the proper time arrives, to express my sen-
timents upon the bill as briefly as possible; but
on this motion I am not disposed to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was notaware of the ground
on which the Senator opposed the bill, for I really
never had an idea that he was opposed to it until
now. It has not been my fortune to meet him in
the committee when this subject was under dis-
cussion; or, if we met there, t was not aware of
the grounds of his opposition. In fact, I believed
there was but one member who made serious ob-
jection. He is not here, and therefore I con-
sented that the bill should be postponed, and more
particularly as I find that the opposition here is
multiplying.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall have no
objection to postponing this bill until to-morrow,
if the Senate will agree to take it up then ana
dispose of it; but I am unwilling that it shall be
postponed beyond to-morrow, for I apprehend
that the Senate will not be in a condition to trans-
act any business for the next ten days, perhaps
two weeks. I do not think any Senator here will
feel that he is doing justice to a large and important
interest by postponingit for that long period, when
the company is already engaged 111 laying down
the iron upon the road. If the Senate will agree
to take it up to-morrow—and I am sure we can
dispose ofitiu afewmoments—I will consent, for
one, that it be postponed for a day.
I will now say a word to my friends and col-
leagues of the Committee on Military Affairs on
the other side of the Chamber. My friend from
Arkansas expresses his astonishment at the op-
position of the Senator from Georgia. I can
explain that to the satisfaction of both the gte'fl-
tlemen, and perhaps correct a misapprehension
as to some times and places of meeting. When
the question was before us, there were four mem-
bers of the committee present, the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] the- Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] and myself. We
took it up and considered it, and three of the four
were for making a favorable report. We did so.
The Senator from Georgia was not here then.'
The bill was reported to the Senate by myself,
under the direction of the committee, and there
has been no meeting upon it since. At the meet-
ing before the last, which was on Monday week,
the Senator from Georgia was present, and then
the communication which has been read to-day,
which had been received from the Department,
was brought in by the chairman, the Senator from
California, and that brought up the question in-
cidentally. It was not then presented to us offi-
cially, or as a committee. Then it was that the
Senator from Georgia got whatever information
he has on the subject. He was not present at the
time when the bill was considered by the com-
mittee. When he was there, the bill was on the
table of the Senate ready for its action. This is
the whole history of the matter, and it explains
the misconception between my two colleagues.
Now, I hope the Senate will either agree to pass
the bill at once, or to take it up to-morrow morn-
ing. I think we can pass it now, if there is to be
no further debate.
Mr. WELLER. As I have said before, I
think it is utterly impossible to get a vote on this
bill to-day; but let it go over until to-morrow, and
then the Committee on Military Affairs, who is
opposed to the bill, and who. as I have already
said to the other side of the Chamber, desires to
speak on the subject, will be here. The morning
hour having expired, I ask for the regular order
of business.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky to post-
pone the special order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will my friend
