584
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
number of officers who remain on shore so many
years without doing duty.
Mr. MALLORY: That:
; is precisely what the
CoTimhtce on Naval Affairs have endeavored to
show and when they submitted the first bill for a
retired list at the last Congress, they rendered a
report o-iving the number of officers who had re-
in ainedbon shore for years, and showing precisely
how manycaptains, commanders, and lieutenants, j
had been on shore doing nothing for a period of
years. The Senator will find this information
in the naval committee's report. The difficulty
was to get rid of those men. You cannot make
them do duty. Some of them have been regarded
by the Navy Department, and the oldest clerks
there, as a sort of myths—as the John Does and
Richard Roes of the Navy. They come here
occasionally to get their pay, and the oldest clerks
look on them with surprise. They know their
names are on the Register, and they are away
some where in the West or elsewhere, farming
and attending to other business. These men could
not be dismissed 
Mr. PUGH. I am sorry to interrupt the Sen-
ator, but my mind is not entirely clear yet. While
we are legislating for the Navy, I wish not only ^
to reform this past abuse, but to prevent its hap-
pening in the future, by ascertaining what num-
ber of officers is necessary, and then lessening
the temptation pressing on the junior grades, so
as to render it unnecessary to have a naval board
with all this difficulty every few years.
Mr. MALLORY. My own impression and
belief is, after all the investigation I have given
the subject, that we have not one officer too many
in the Navy, and I would not vote to reduce the
Navy one officer. As a matter of course, those
on the retired list I regard as out of the service,
and never to be called upon to do service; for
although the bill gives the Executive the power to
call them to active duty, it is a power based on
the assumption that apme man may possibly
have been placed on the reserved list who had
some peculiar fitness for some peculiar duty which
the Executive might desire to call on him to do.
But when men arrive at such a stage of life, or
when they arrive at a stage of disease which pre-
cludes them from the performance of the active
duties of their profession afloat, no man would
countenance their employment on those duties
■which require all the activity and energy of youth,
but would take for these commands the competent.
The difficulty was to provide for those men
who would remain on shore, drawing their full
pay. They constituted, in fact, a permanent re-
tired list. I would not vote for their dismissal
from the service; I would not treat them as I
would an old and valued hunter that l have used
throughout the best energies of his life; and
then, in his declining years, instead of smoothing
his pathway to the grave, turn him out to die.
No, sir; they have done well for their country;
and when they are unable longer to respond to
their patriotic impulses, they should be not only
treated kindly, but cherished as monuments of
our gratitude. A reserved list is essential to mil-
itary or naval organizations. You can have no
well organized navy without it. The idea that
we are to have naval officers employed only when
necessary, and when they become useless to turn
them out, is to say at once, that the service which
compensates a man for the choicest years of life,
with a paltry pittance, and turns him over to the
charities of the world when he has lost health
and strength in your cause, is unfit for the ambi-
tion of an honorable man.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him for a moment. He has gone and
shown the Senate that, under the old system, it is
not possible for an officer entering the service to
attain a captaincy until he is seventy-four, or a
commander's position, until he is fifty-three years
of age. Now, I ask him whether there is any-
thing in the act establishing the naval board, or
anything in his bill now before us, which will
alter that in the slightest degree for the future ?
Mr. MALLORY. There is not. In framing
the bill as it was originally framed, it had a pro-
vision that a board should be convened every five
years; but it was suggested by the friends of the
Navy, and others, that it would be better to see
how the operation would work with one retire-
ment, and Congress would at all times have the
matter entirely within their control to scrutinize
the Navy. I contend that scrutiny should go on
frequently; and the only way to keep your Navy
efficient is to eliminate from it occasionally the
worthless and imbecile.
Mr. TOOMBS. You do not improve it; you
admit that you leave it as bad as you found it.
Mr MALLORY. No, sir; we do not admit:
any such thing. I say that when the time again
arrives for scrutiny, Congress will have the power
to order it; and as they see how this operation
has been performed, they may possibly improve
on it. That time is not now. We are not called
on to legislate prospectively. I prepared a clause
to that effect, but it did not meet the approbation
of others. I will vote for it at any time. I am
in favor of it.
But, sir, I am occupying more time than I ex-
pected. I wish, however, to draw the attention
of the Senate to one feature of our naval organi-
zation. We can never, sir, be brought to believe
that our country can be invaded. No enemy can
land on our shores and march ten miles into our
country, and ten miles back with impunity. Any
difficulty in which we shall ever be engaged will
be on the deep. Our frigates are the eyes of the
Government. They go out upon all the seas of
the earth, and truthfully reflect upon us the feel-
ing of the nations towards us. The heart of our
country follows them upon the great deep, sym-
pathizes with them in all their sufferings and suc-
cesses, and pulsates with gratification, or with
indignation, according to the spirit with which
they are greeted.
On all the important stations of the earth where
commerce carries your flag and your people, you
should have ships to protect them. We were
told, a few days ago, that the British frigate Eury-
dice had taken it upon herself to overhaul an
American vessel at San Juan del Norte. I do not
admit the facts as presented to us by the press,
that so gross an outrage has been perpetrated by
the Eurydice. I have not seen the official report;
but there are certain circumstances within my
own knowledge which induce me to suspend my
opinion, and to doubt whether such a wrong has
really occurred. But at the end of that transit
we should at all times have a ship or more—if
necessary, two or three—to protect our interests.
Such an outrage, if it has been committed, would
never have been dreamed of in the presence of an
American vessel of war; because no man would
be fit to wear the American uniform who would
not correct it at once, at the hazard of sinking his
vessel one hundred fathoms deep.
Sir, the only time since the last war with Eng-
land, that I know of, where we had a vessel on
the spot in time to do any service or prevent any
outrage, was the affair at Smyrna, in which Cap-
tain Ingraham acted promptly; where he did his
duty; where he did what I believe every Ameri-
can officer, who is worthy of a commission of the
country, would do, and would not have done less.
We never have a ship in tho right place at the right
time. A foreign commander or Government in-
sults your flag and derides your Government, and
we send a snip, perhaps four or five thousand
miles away from the United States specially to
right the wrong. It is the same thing everywhere.
Our Navy is so limited, that in no part of the
world where our commerce goes have we the
means of promptly rectifying a wrong, or of veri-
fying the old adage that'' an ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of cure."
I shall not occupy the attention of the Senate
longer. I ought to have given my friend frorrf
Georgia a more direct answer to his question in
relation to the law assigning captains to twenty-
gun ships. That is the smallest ship in the
Navy. I do not know that we have a ship rated
at less than twenty guns, but we may have; but
there is nothing in the law preventing the Sec-
retary of the Navy from ordering a lieutenant to
command her. The President of the United
States may order the most efficient officer to com-
mand any vessel. He may select among them; but,
as I remarked yesterday, where a proper esprit
du corps exists, the President has no rignt to dis-
criminate among them. Congress gives him these
instruments to act with, and he is obliged to pre-
sume them all competent for duty. If he were to
overslaugh a man in the command to which the
usages of the service assign him, he would be im-
mediately importuned by political influence to
right what would be considered a wrong.
Anxious for a vote on this measure, sir, I have
thus briefly presented such views as, in my judg-
ment, are worthy our consideration, and have
passed over many things which have been said in
this debate as unworthy the attention of the
Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I wish
to make a few remarks in reply to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
unless I greatly transcend the limits which I have
assigned to myself, they shall be very brief, and
my last words on this subject.
Before I proceed to the main question in this
case, I desire to reply to some remarks of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Biggs,] in which I find that he has done me the
honor to comment at some length upon, and to
reply with a good deal of force to, a statement
wnich he ascribes to me. He says that I com-
plained of the Secretary of the Navy because he
had not prescribed to this board some limit as to
the time within which their inquiries should be
conducted as to the conduct of officers. Our ex-
cellent reporters, whose general correctness I take
so much pleasure in acknowledging, have mis-
taken me altogether, if I am reported to have said
1 any such thing; and if the Senator had done me
the honor of listening to me himself, I am sure
I should not have been required to make these
remarks in reply to him. I never said any such
I thing. In speaking of this law, I stated that, under
'; the construction which the board seemed to have
put upon it, not limiting their inquiry to the pres-
; ent question of capacity or incapacity, but in-
quiring into the acts of a man's whole lifetime, it
was exceedingly objectionable in not prescribing
the time within which their inquiries were to be
limited. I never said that the Secretary of the
Navy ought 'to have instructed them as to the
time. No, sir; my argument was entirely to the
contrary—that the Secretary of the Navy had no
right to give them any such instruction, or any
instruction, in point.of law. The law was to be
the guide of the board, so far as that was involved
in their inquiry; and their construction of the law
was to be the construction on which they were to
act. That is my doctrine, and I hold that the
Secretary entirely mistook his function so far as
he attempted to interpret the law for them and to
give them instructions as a judge would to a jury.
All that the Secretary was to do and was author-
ized to do by the law, was to prescribe regulations
for the board; that is to say, when they should
meet, and where they should meet, if he pleased;
regulations simply for the practice of the board,
not instructions on a point of law. No legisla-
tive power, no judicial power whatever, was vested
in the Secretary, either to make or interpret laws
for the board. When the proceedings of the board
came under his supervision, he was the judge of
fact and of law. So was the board the judge of
fact and of law when the case was before it. The
Secretary, so far as he undertook to interpret the
law and to give them a rule for their conduct by
his letter written preparatory to their meeting,
did, to that extent, transcend his right and his
duty.
I made no such remark as the Senator from
North Carolina attributed to me. So far from
blaming the Secretary for not giving the instruc-
tions which I am supposed to have argued that
he ought to have given, I denied his power to give
any instructions of that character at all. This is
enough for that point.
I propose now, in a very brief manner, as I
hope, to direct attention, as far as I can, to the real
questions which I think are at issue, and in doing
so I shall make the only reply which I can with
any degree of brevity make; lor I could not, if I
would, reply specifically to all that has been said
pertinent to that subject.
Sir, the law has been read often. What was
the power of this board ? I wish to say now, for
the sake of simplifying the issue, that I shall not
contend that the law is unconstitutional. Take
it to be constitutional in all its parts: it is the
exercise of a high power; it is the creating of a
- I
