1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOflE.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by para-
graphs.
The second section was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
first section of the act entitled "An act for the relief of cer-
tain surviving officers and soldiers of the army of the Revo-
lution," approved loth May, 1828; of the first section of the
act entitled "An act supplementary to the act for the relief
of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the army of the
Revolution," approved-7th June, 1832; and of the first pro-
viso of the first section of the act entitled "An act renew-
ing certain naval pensions, and extending the benefit of
existing laws respecting naval pensions to engineers, fire-
men, and coal-heavers m the Navy, and to their widows,"
approved 11th August, 1848, as pumdes for the payment
of all pensions under the aforesaid acts-out1 of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated-*—be, andithe
same is hereby, repealed. - • -
Mr. KELSEY. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
how, if this section pass, these'pensions are to
be paid ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. By specific estimates.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is evident that there
is no quorum present; and I therefore move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
not press his motion. I want the bill taken into
the House before we rise.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the bill be taken into
the House. A motion to recommit will bring it
up as the first business in order in the morning.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr* Chairman, I
am satisfied that all the items of appropriation
in this bill are correct and right in themselves.
They are made under existing laws; but there is
no part of the bill which I think should receive
the more cordial approbation - of the legislative
branch of the Government than the second sec-
tion. It provides for the repeal of certain pro-
visions of former pension laws—the act of 15th
May, 1828, and that of the 7th June, 1839, which
made permanent appropriations. The act of 1832
is the one under which nearly all the revolutionary
soldiers have been pensioned, and are now draw-
ing their pensions from the Government—all who
served as much as six months in the war. The
second section of this bill does not propose to in-
terfere with the provisions of that act, or of any
other, further than to repeal so much of them as
made permanent appropriations for the payment
of pensions provided for under them.
If the section be adopted, the Department will
hereafter, at each session, be compelled to submit
to Congress estimates of the amounts required
under each of these pension acts. The act of 7th
of June, 1832, provides that all pensions granted
Under it shall be paid out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; conse-
quently, no estimate has been submitted, and no
appropriation made for the payment of any pen-
sion under that law, except that of the law itself.
The second section repeals so much of that act as
provides for a permanent appropriation, and will
thus require estimates every year for an appro-
priation necessary'to pay the pensions under it.
Mr. Chairman, the second section is right in
itself; and I hope that the Committee of Ways
and Means will, when they come to look into
another subject, report a similar provision. At
present there is a law making a permanent annual
appropriation of $2,000,000 for the payment of
the collection of the revenue under the customs;
consequently, that item of expenditure of the
Government is never brought in review before
Congress. If gentlemen will turn to that part of
the estimates where a statement is given of the
amount of permanent appropriation which may
be required during the year, they will find put
down two millions two or four hundred thousand
dollars to that item. I think that all these ex-
penditures ought to be estimated for every year,
and appropriated, so that we may see how we
are getting along—whether these things are in-
creasing or diminishing. I hope the section will
be generally approved.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to add the
words, " from and after the 30th of June, 1856,"
to the second section, so as to provide that the
repeal shall take effect from that date. i
The amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill be jj
laid aside, to be reported to the House, and that i|
the committee take up bill No. 69,making appro- !j
priation for the support of the Military Academy. 1
Mr. &UITMAN. I object to taking up.that
bill'.
The first clause of Mr. Campbell's motion
was then agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the committee has agreed to report
this pension appropriation bill as it is printed ?
The CHAIRMAN. With the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SANDIDGE. That amendment has been
adopted, but I do not understand that the bill has
been adopted by the committee. I am opposed
to this second section entirely.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
moved that the bill be laid aside, to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
pass. The committee acted upon the motion,
and decidcd it in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Louis-
iana was upon the floor before the question was
put.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I sought the floor, but the
Chairman of the committee did not recognize me.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the course to be
pursued is discretionary with the Chair. If there
is anything wrong in the section, I suppose the
committee would like to know it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider
the motion as still pending, if there is no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. If there is to be a discussion
of this subject I must object.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I will not discuss this mat-
ter, but I wish to have the opportunity, when
this bill shall be reported to the House, of making
a motion to strike out the second section. If I
shall be allowed the opportunity to do so, then
I will not say anything further now.
Mr. HAVEN. Do it now.
Mr. SANDIDGE. This second section intro-
duces into an appropriation bill matter which, to
my mind, docs not properly belong to it. It pro-
poses new legislation by repealing former legisla-
tion. So far as my action on this floor is con-
cerned, in reference to appropriation bills, I shall
try to restrict the committee to appropriations
under existing laws, and not to allow them to
make therein enactments to repeal laws. That
is my objection to the second section. If it is in
order, I move to strike the section from the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. If we are to get this bill through
the committee this evening, it must be done speed-
ily. I suggest to the gentleman from Louisiana,
thatthesecondsection doesnotintroduce anything
new. It only changcs the mode of making the
appropriation from a permanent to an annual one.
It is a very proper way of having it done, and it
is right that it should be done.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would refer the gen-
tleman from Louisiana to a letter which I hold
in my hand, from the Secretary of the Inteiior,
which shows the importance of this very section.
The facts stated therein show the necessity of it
beyond doubt.
Mr. SANDIDGE. As I am informed that the
section does not repeal existing laws, but only
changes the time and mode of making the appro-
priation, I make no further objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from Mississippi to object to taking up the
Military Academy appropriation bill ?
Mr. CtUITMA'N. Simply because I do not
understand the object of taking it up at so late an
hour, and with so thin a House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Because there is a privi-
leged question to-morrow, in reference to the
report of the Committee of Elections, which will
probably prevent us from getting into Committee
of the Whole again for some time, and I am
anxious to send the bill to the Senate.
Mr. QUITMAN. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection.
No further objection being made, the commit-
tee took up for consideration House bill No. 69,
making appropriation for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to dispense with the
first reading of the hill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read through by clauses; and
no amendments being offered,
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the committee
rise and report the two bills with the amendment
to the House,  ,  
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the commit-
tee reported that the Committee of the Whole cfti
the state of the Union had. had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly, $he
President's annual message, and had come to^o
conclusion thereon; also, that they had had under
consideration House bills Nos. 69 and 70, and
had directed him to report the same to the House
—No. 69 without amendment, and No. 70 with
an amendment, with a recommendation that they
do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to recommit the two
bills to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and upon that motion demanded
the previous question.
And then, on motion by Mr. Campbell, (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'cloek,m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, JWarch 6, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S. ' '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 21st ultimo, calling for copies of
correspondence and other information relative to
the transmission of the mails and munitions of
war over the Illinois Central railroad; which, on
motion by Mr. Jones, of Iowa, was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to expenditures
for the improvement of the harbors of Manito-
woc, Sheboygan, Racine, Milwaukie,and Keno-
sha, in Wisconsin; which, on motion by Mr.
Hamlin, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Postmaster General, show-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
the number of messengers and employes, other
than clerks, in the Post Office Department, and
the compensation paid to each; which, on mo-
tion by Mr. Hunter, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, a report of the .Attorney General, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to expendi-
tures for printing for his office, for the year end-
ing December 31, 1855, not executed under the
provisions of the act of August 26,1852; which,
on motion by Mr. Stuart, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the Corporation of Georgetown, pray-
ing that the Long Bridge across the Potomac river
may be removed, and that a bridge may be con-
structed across that river above the harbor at that
place; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE presented a memorial of the Hon.
Jackson Morton, and other citizens of Florida,
praying that Captain William K. Latimer, of the
Navy, who has been placed on furlough, may be
restored to the active-service list; which was re-
feried to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of Wil-
! liam J. Sears, praying for an increase of pension;
j which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
| sions.
i Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
| of Sarah Blunt, widow of a revolutionary sol-
! dier, praying to be allowed a pension; which was
j referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
I John C. McFerran, a lieutenant and assistant
! commissary of the Army, praying to be allowed
| a credit m the settlement of his accounts for a
i sum of money of which he was defrauded by an
assistant commissary of the Army; which was
referred, with the papers on file relating to the
same case, to the Committee on Military Affairs,
