1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
tribunal which, without seeing the party, without
affording him the least opportunity of defense,
without warning him that he is upon his trial—
in secrecy is to pronounce upon his fate as an
officer. That is the tribunal created by the law.
Take the law to be constitutional: a tribunal was
created with such tremendous power to be exer-
cised in silence and in secrecy, upon their own
information one to another, upon their own opin-
ions one to another; and to operate upon their
brother officers a fate which, in the estimation and
feeling of many of them, is equal to death itself.
That is the power which they were to exercise.
Now, the question is, whether you will not look
carefully to the actions of such a tribunal, and
see at least that they hare conformed in their
proceedings to the law investing them with this
tremendous authority.
What is the authority, then ? It is simply to
inquire into the capacity of the officers of the
Navy, each one of them, to discharge all his
duties promptly and efficiently afloat and ashore
—the capacity of an officer; not whether he does
his duty, or his whole duty, not whether he vio-
lates, or has violated, the law of his country or the
rules of discipline. That is an offense for which
an adequate remedy was already provided by a
court of inquiry or a court-martial. The issue
which they are to decide is simply, unequivo-
cally, upon the capacity of an officer to perform
his duty, and nothing more.
If they had confined themselves strictly to this
inquiry, there would have been no retrospection.
The question before them at the time when they
pass their sentence in reference to him, is, Is this
officer now capable ? The jurisdiction is to act
upon the present moment and no other. The
question is not whether lje has been, or whether
he will be, but whether he is now, capable of dis-
charging his duty? Is not this question—his
capacity to perform his duty—a very different
question from the matter of fact whether, in this
or that former instance of his life, going back to
the hour when he entered on the deck of a ship,
he violated some law or rule of discipline? Tne
inquiry is not whether, in point of fact, though
possessed of the capacity, he has performed his
duty in every particular instance without viola-
tion of a law or rule of discipline?
Can any one be at a loss to distinguish be-
tween these different questions—whether on offi-
cer is capable ofperforminghis duty, and whether,
in point of fact, he has performed that duty?
Nothing can be more distinct, nothing more dis-
tinguishable. Nobody would have doubted the
fact that the Duke of Marlborough was capable
of performing his duty as a captain and a soldier
—none more so; but he was the basest, the mean-
est, the falsest, and the most treacherous man
that ever lived in England, according to all his-
tory, and especially that most modern and most
attractive of all English histories, Mr. Macau-
lay's. "What would this board have done with
him as an officer, having only to decide on the
question of capacity? What would my friend
Irom Florida, the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, have done with such a man as that ?
No, sir; Congress never contemplated that vile
inquisition, which without specification, without
charge, without a hearing, should, in private and
in secret, inquire into, and determine upon, every
act of a man's lifetime. That would be a juris-
diction revolting to humanity, and to every prin-
ciple of law and of justice. No such power was
ever intended to be invested in these gentlemen.
They and the Secretary having got a power of
some sort into their hands, have,by construction,
expanded it into this wide, despotic, and unlim-
ited authority. A power to decide upon the
the present capacity of a man is not one difficult
to be exercised, if limited in practice and in ad-
ministration as it is in the law itself. They had
nothing fo do but to decide upon the present ca-
pacity of a man to perform duty; that is all. Is
ne mentally capable ? is he ^physically capable ? is
he professionally capable ? is he. a seaman ? has he
his natural understanding about him ?—these are
the questions and none others. This was all that
by law was confided to this board. Now, how
have they excercised this authority? I have
shown you that it is a present question—a ques-
tion to be decided upon the condition of the
individual at the instant of the sentence pro-
nounced upon him.
Mr. MaLLORY. Will the. Senator excuse
me for interrupting him a moment, and allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN, Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire much to hear the
Senator on this point, and therefore it is that I take
the liberty of interrupting him. He is maintain-
ing that the word "efficiency" relates only to pro-
fessional and physical efficiency of the officer. I
.take the meaning of "efficiency" to be " to give
6il6Ct ''
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That has been the
misfortune of both yourself and the Secretary of
the Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand "efficiency"
to mean that the officer shall have ability to give
effect to the_performance of his duty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is the principle
point to which I wish to call the attention of the
Senate and ask their judgment upon it, because
on this all else turns in the proceedings of the
board. At page 18, of the committee s report,
is the statute underwhich this action has occurred.
The authority given to them and the issue which
they are to decide are in these words:
" That all officers who shall be fouod by the said board
incapable of performing the duties of their respective offices,
ranks, or grades, shall, if such finding be approved by the
President, be dropped from the rolls, or placed in the order of
their rank and seniority at the time, upon a list in the Navy
Register, to be entitled the reserved list."
All who shall be found " incapable" are to be
reported.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend does not under-
stand my question. If he will look at page 17
of the report he will find that the first section of
the law contains the word to which I alluded,
prescribing the subject into which they should
examine.  
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The inquiry referred
to the board was the capacity of tne officers of
the Navy. The object of that capacity is to ren-
der the Navy more efficient; at least that is as
far as it was ever confided to this board to decide.
The words are "capable of performing." Sir,
is it not perfectly plain to the honorable Senator
—I ask nim if it is not—that the capacity of a
man to perform his duty, and not the actual per-
formance of it in all previous periods of service,
is the question submitted to the board ? I wish
to know from him if that is not the true construc-
tion of this law ?
Mr. MALLORY. If I am now to express mv
opinion on that point I have been laboring with
very little effect, for I maintained yesterday that
moral standing constitutes one great point of
efficiency in a naval officer. I may be mistaken,
but I hold that an officer without character should
not exist in our Navy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. His capacity is one
thing, and his morals another. I ask the gentle-
man if he would have decided the Duke of Marl-
borough incapable?
Mr. MALLORY. The Duke of Marlborough
has been so ably abused by Macaulay that I
would not say a word in disparagement of him.
He was a very bad man, I believe, though one of
theJjest soldiers in the world; but the question of
his efficiency was never submitted to a board of
examiners. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But it is now decided
for me by the honorable gentleman. He would
have been deemed capable; and now what be-
comes of these sublimated and fantastical notions
to be decided upon by this board of ethics—how
far the morals of a man were to enter into his
capacity to do duty ? If his immorality leads him
to commit crime ; if, notwithstanding his capacity,
he commits a crime or offense against the service,
the existing laws furnish an ample remedy or
corrective; but whether they did or not, is not the
question. I say to this board: " You had no
power to inquire or judge further than as regarded,
simply, the question of the capacity of the officer.
The question is, is he capable of doing his duty ?
and that you can tell now; you are to judge of it
th is hour, and as he stands now before you. There
is no retrospection as to time. There is no going
back to inquire into all the foibles, all the faults,
all the transgressions, if you will, of a man's life-
time."
Mr. TOOMBS. How would Lord Nelson have
been treated by the board ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He certainly would
have been dismissed. The honorable Senator
would have dismissed Lord Nelson.
Mr. TOOM BS. On account of Lady Hamilton.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir, he was of too
amorous a temper.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, Nelson is
an exception to the rule. I will only say to the
honorable Senator, that if Nelson had really, in
the language of the Senator from Georgia, been
steeped in infamy, and had committed all the sins
known to the Decalogue, I would have retained
him in the Navy; and it is very unfortunate for
the officers who have been placed on the reserved
list, that any sort of comparison has ever been
instituted between Nelson and themselves. It
is very unfortunate that a comparison has been
drawn between them and a man who was posted
at twenty-one years of age, and died at a little
over forty, after filling the world with his fame.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But,Mr. President, you
know that by this law there was a strict and imper-
ative duty imposed, to be conscientiously fulfilled ~
I ask the gentleman, if he had acted as a member
of the board, bound by his honor, as an officer
with a sword by his side, to obey this law, how
could he have retained Lord Nelson according
to his moral construction? He could not have
done it. He might have wept over the necessity,
but he could not have done it. Sir, the gentle-
man would have read the law properly, then, I
think, and relieved himself from it by saying:
"As a judge here, I am Only to judge of the capa-
city of the man; I am not to inquire into Lord
Nelson's delinquencies, nor into the multiplied lies
told by the Duke of Marlborough. This would
be an odious sort of inquisition which I am not
called upon to make. The law has not exacted
it of me; it has required me to judge only of his
capacity, and leave his life to his country and to
his God."
This board were no further judges than as
relates to one particular*, and it would have been
monstrous if any greater jurisdiction had been
given to them. "Without enlarging further on a
subject that must be so obvious and so plain to
the apprehension and judgment of every Senator,
I say that the only matter of which they were
judges was the capacity of the man. Have they
confined themselves to that? Why, sir, if any-
thing is more apparent than aught else in relation
to the proceedings of this board, it is that they did
not so confine themselves. What are we told by
the honorable Senator from Forida himself? That
in their inquiry into the case of an individual, they
never went further back than to his last cruise
in a national vessel. Why did they go back to
his last cruise, some six, or eight, or ten years
ago? Their province was to judge of his present
capacity; and why did they go back eight years
to judge of his present capacity ? What were they
after in this exploration of the last eight years?
Were they after the little peccadilloes, the little
transgressions, or, to make a much more serious
matter of it, the grave transgressions of officers;
and what evidence had they on which to condemn
them? Did they undertake to condemn a man
as immoral or criminal upon testimony whispered
in their ears by one of their fellow judges ? Sir,
the evidence was incompetent—unsatisfactory to
any just and equitable man.
It must have been under some strange hallu-
cination , after having unlimited their inquiry as to
time and subject as they did, that they did not
stop a moment to decide, ifThis was to be done,
what testimony ought to be required ? Certainly
they could never have said that they would con-
vict a brother officer then on the coast of Africa,
or in the South seas, in his absence, without his
knowing one word of this inquisition. Would
they, under these circumstances, convict a man of
crime, of mutiny, of any little, petty, or odious
crime; or even of homicide and murder itself?
Sir, no man would have been willing to pass stuch
a sentence on such testimony. But they had no
right to such testimony; they had no right to take
cognizance or jurisdiction of any such act. The
law did not give it to fhem, ana by the law they
ought to be bound.
Further evidence that they did not confine
