1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
States.
Number
of bills for vimount.
each State.
Florida  1 32,000 00
For the Red River Raft  1 15,000 00
" Mississippi river  1 100,000 00
" Upper Mississippi river. 1 59,000 00
" Missouri river  1 40,000 00
u Ohio river   1 90,000 00
" Tennessee river  1 65,000 00
54 $1,808,085 65
«Appropriations by bills which have passed the
Senate at this session.
Michigan $145,000 00
Louisiana    630,000 00
Maryland      100,000 00
California  50,000 00
$925,000 00
$2,733.085 65
This bill, which the President has sent back, is
the pioneer. It is the first one that was passed
and presented to him at this session. He has
withheld his approval. The President of the
United States, in his message containing his rea-
sons for disapproving this bill, referred to the
reasons assigned at the last session, in December,
1854, for his general objections to the constitu-
tionality of bills of this description.
The Honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] whose State is to have the benefit of
this appropriation, to whom 1 listened, as I al-
ways do, with great pleasure and instruction—
seemed to think, as was strongly presented by the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
yesterday, that if he could show an inconsistency
jn the reasoning of the President, he did—what?
Why, he established the constitutionality of the
bill; for he went not one step further. He thought
that if he could show an inconsistency between
the reasoning of the President, in his message of
August and his message of December, he had
established the constitutionality of the bill, and
that it ought to be passed, non obstante the veto.
Sir, I could add nothing to the exposition so
ably and lucidly made by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Georgia, in reply to the Senator from
Louisiana, yesterday. I have examined the
messages of the President, and it is right and
fair here to state, as the documents will show, if
they are examined, that when the President
withheld his approbation from the general bill
for internal improvements, at the first session of
the last Congress, it was presented to him for his
approval late at night on the 4th of August;
Congress adjourned on the 5th, and he could do
no more than send a message, declaring; in general
terms the reasons for which he withheld his
approval to the bill, promising a more full mes-
sage at a future day. We therefore, in justice
to the President, should look to that more full
message for the reasons which required that he
should withhold his sanction. In that message,
after going through with a great deal of ability
and great strength the reasons operating on his
mind for withholding his approbation from the
bill, he sums them up in the concluding para-
graph, to which alone I shall advert, in these
words:
"These considerations, added to the embarrassments of
the whole question, amply suffice to suggest the poJicy of
confining appropriations by the General Government to
works necessary to the execution of its undoubted powers,
and of leaving ail others to individual enterprise, or to the
separate States, to be provided for out of their own re-
sources, or by recurrence to the provision of the Constitution
which authorizes the States to lay duties of tonnage with
the consent ot Congress."
The President there sums up in a clear, lucid,
and distinct manner, that class of appropriations
of this character which alone could receive his
sanction under the law of the Constitution; and
they were appropriations which were made to
carry into effect some one of the enumerated
powers in the Constitution. That is the true test.
There may be differences of opinion; there may
be much able and plausible reasoning to distin-
guish between this, and that, and the other of
these proposed works of internal improvement,
in the effort to bring them within some one of the
class of enumerated powers; but at last, I think
all who read the Constitution, as a grant of power,
must admit that, whether or not a particular ap-
propriation conies within the class, the President
nas properly referred them to those only which
are necessary to carry the enumerated powers
into effect.
I have said, sir, that, of the three great and
affiliated questions which for a long time distracted
the councils of the country, two of them, I ap-
prehend, have ceased for a long time, if not for-
ever, to press themselves before the Congress of
the United States. The third which remains, is
this power, in general terms, to make internal
improvements within the States.
Now, what are internal improvements? We
know very well that at first—it is within my per-
sonal recollection—the idea of internal improve-
ments by the General Government was for a long
time confined to turnpike roads and canals. In
the days of the administration of the younger
Adams—John Quincy Adams—a great, and in-
fluential, and potent party was arrayed, and a
majority in Congress was found to appropriate
money to make turnpike roads and to cut canals
within the limits of the States, with or without
their assent. At this day, I apprehend, there are
very few who would come here and ask for an
appropriation by Congress to make a local turn- j
pike road. At that day such applications were
numerous.
Why, sir, through the section of country where
I Jive in the State of Virginia, corps after corps
of Federal engineers were sent on horseback, pro-
jecting roads through that region under the plea
that the Constitution authorized Congress to
make a road which would connect the seat of
Government with the Cumberland road, com-
mencing then at the town of Cumberland, in Mary-
land. Why do they not ask it now? I presume
only because, in the progress of invention, turn-
pike roads have to a great extent been superseded
by railroads; but it results, on every fair principle
of reasoning, that if Congress at that day had the
power to make turnpike roads or canals, they
have the power at this day to make railroads—
one just as much as the other. And if they have
power to pass this bill to further the commerce
of New Orleans, they have necessarily the power
to make a canal or a railroad to further the com-
merce of any one of the p'orts of the country, or
even of the inland towns.
Now, sir, look at the consequences of the ex-
ercise of this power; and I ask any honorable
Senator, who will give his attention to it, to see
where the power leads in the neccssary conse-
quences which must follow its exercise. The
bill provides (and properly provides if it is the
exercise of legitimate power) that after this im-
provement is made it shall be kept open at the
Federal expense. The work, I understand, is to
deepen the channel—by dredging, I suppose; by
taking up the mud which is deposited there from
year to year, and throwing it out; but, as the
honorable Senator from Georgia well said, unless
there is some preventive process to prevent the
mud from coming back, or some provision for
again throwing it out when it does come back, it
is idle to do the work. But the bill contemplates
it. When the work is done, there is to be a ma-
chinery of some kind devised, as a part of the
machinery of this Federal Government, to keep
that work open—to remove the mud if it is again
deposited there, or to prevent its being deposited
there. What does that involve? It involves this
necessity: that when the work is done, it shall
be treated, as it in fact will be, as the property of
the Federal Government; and then, it will be in-
cumbent on the Federal Government to take carc
of the public property, to see that it is put to its
proper use, and to its efficient proper use. How
is that to be done ? By law. If you have power
to do this work, and to keep it open, you have
power to pass all the laws which are necessary
to punish offenses committed by those who may
do injury to the work; you have power to exact
tolls "from those who may pass through it; you
have power to establish agencies, and make con-
tracts for the purpose of preserving it from time
to time; and you not only have the power, but,
in the faithful discharge of a public trust, it is the
duty of Congress to provide all that legislation,
and they do not discharge their duty if they do
not provide it. Where then shall we stand ? Here
is the property of the Federal Government within
the jurisdiction and limits of a State, established
there without the assent of the State—a subject
over which the State jurisdiction properly extends
—withdrawn from the State jurisdiction by Con-
gress, and brought into the great vortex of Fed-
eral power.
What I have just said pertains only to this
work; but you may take any other—the improve-
ment of the flats in the St. Clair river, for in--
stance, a favorite work of my honorable and
honored friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.J,
"Very necessary to be done," says he. For
what purpose ? To further the commerce of that
region. Well, suppose it to be done. It is, I
suppose, very much such a work as this at the*
mouth of the Mississippi. It is within the juris-
diction of the State of Michigan. When that
work shall have been done, the Federal Govern-
ment will have established a right of property
unknown to the Constitution—certainly to the
letter of the Constitution—within the jurisdiction
of the State of Michigan, and will have power to
withdraw it from its jurisdiction, trenching that
far upon the State authority, excluding the con~
trol of the State over its own territory, and estab-
lishing and executing laws there in derogation or
State authority. This is a necessary consequence*
and I am not answered by honorable Senators
, telling me that it will not be done. I say, that if
you have power to do the work, it ought to be
done, because the work will not be half done
without it.
We had this matter somewhat illustrated, ac-
cording to my recollection, in the history of the
National Road leading from Cumberland to the
State of Ohio. It was made by the Federal Gov-
ernment—made, as we were correctly told by the
honorable Senator from Georgia, under a com-
pact with the State of Ohio, and with funds de-
rived from a per centage upon public lands within
the State of Ohio. But when the road was made,,
who was to take care of it ? It passed through the
States of Maryland, Virginia, and Ohio; it was
the property of the Federal Government. Who-
was to take care ofit? It fell into a state of dilapi-
dation, andthe Government from time to time ap-
propriated money to keep the road in repair, as
it was bound to do, if ithad the right to make the
road. The argument was pressed upon Congress-
that it was a lavish and wanton waste of the pub-
lic money, to expend it for the purpose of keep-
ing that turnpike road in repair, when all other
turnpike roads kept themselves in repair. Vet
Congress could not be brought to exercise the
power of establishing turnpike gates on that road.
Why? Because it shrunk from the exercise of
such a power within the jurisdiction of the States.
It never did establish turnpike gates. Congress
appropriated money from time to time to repair
the road, until, as it would seem, the depravity
of such a course of legislation at last called the
public attention to it; and Congress got rid of the
subject by ceding all their rights over the road to
the States througn which it passed, and then turn-
pike gates were established.
There was a test of power; and yet we have
no question that, if Congress had the right to
make that road, they had the undoubted right to
keep it in repair; and it was their duty to keep-
it in repair, or to make the road keep itself in
repair, as a measure of prudent economy. That,
I think, was the history of this national road.
But there is a class of appropriations in the
bills upon the Calendar which, I suppose, are
awaiting the fate of this bill—some of them for
the improvement of rivers, some forthe improve-
ment of harbors, and the construction of piers
of various kinds, large and expensive! works,
within the States; notasking the permission of the
States; not asking for jurisdiction over the sites;
but constructing them within the States, placing
them there as the property of the Federal Gov-
ernment, under the jurisdiction and control of the
States, unless the Constitution withdraws it. I
have not heard any honorable gentleman say—I
have never heard my venerable friend from
Michigan, who sits beside me, say—that if Con-
gress makes a harbor, or improves a harbor by
artificial works, within the State of Michigan,
the work which is made is withdrawn from the
jurisdiction of the State of Michigan. I appre-
hend that, if he did say so, his State would
hardly bear him out in it; and yet, if it is not
withdrawn from the jurisdiction of the State of
Michigan, by what "warrant in the Constitution,
is it made? Where do you find so imperfect a
provision in this constitutional chart as to per-
mit the Federal Government to create any subject
of property, pertaining to the Federal Govern-
ment, without the power to preserve it, and take
care of it after it has been made?
