586
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
34th Cong....1st Stess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
themselves to the law, is the letter of Commodore
Shubrick, the letter of the Secretary of the JNavy,
the testimony of the honorable Senator himself,
who vindicates the action of the board and of the
Navy Department. It is within mv knowledge
that the committee, of which he is chairman, are
now engaged in an inquiry, not into the capacity
of an officer, but whether he kept his accounts
correctly in a mess bill when he was caterer ten
years ago. What an inquiry ! Fifteen gallant
officers, as the gentleman tells us, and as I admit,
honorable men, sitting down now, under a law of
this sort, to examine and investigate nicely and
minutely (as of course they must do) the ac-
curacy of a caterer's bill ten years ago! And
there is another almost equally important fact.
He is charged with having sola an India shawl,
I believe, to a lady for ten dollars, when it was
not worth more than about seven dollars. [Laugh-
ter.] These are the grave subjects of inquiry upon
which skillful and gallant officers, who never
heard of this board, (being out in foreign service
at the time,) are to depend for their future honor
or dishonor, promotion or degradation. Sir,
must not such things control the judgment and
^hock the feelings of every Senator ?
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him here ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator undertakes to
state, as a matter of fact, what is pending before
the Committee on Naval Affairs in this particular
case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator misapprehends
the facts
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I saw the letter of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator misapprehends
the facts, because they extend a great deal fur-
ther than he has stated, and he would have stated
them all, I know, if he had not misapprehended
t^iem. When the report of that committee shall
come in, stating what the facts are, (and I shall
then consider myself at.liberty to speak about
them here,) I presume the facts will be beyond
what the Senator has now stated.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wiU tell the gentle-
man promptly and candidly, that all that I know
about it was from a letter from the chairman of
the committee, informing the officer accused that
further testimony (as well as I recollect the letter)
would be required or received relative to the
shawl and the mess bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; the honorable Sen-
ator leaves out the principal subject of investiga-
tion before the committee—one to which the at-
tention of the committee was principally drawn,
and to which the attention of the party is partic-
ularly drawn. They have been postponing it
for over six weeks, in order to afford ample room
for investigation, and they have only this morn-
ing waived it again, because the party has not
come before them. The committee have'taken
up that investigation and gone on with it, with a
view of laying all the facts before the Senate.
The Senator, I know, does not wish to leave a
wrong impression on the mind of the Senate, by
stating one fact without stating another; but when
giving two points he might have given a third.
I have not felt myself at liberty to say anything
on the subject, at the requestor the party. With-
out that request I should have abstained from
doing so; but he requested that I should not
speak of what was going on before the committee,
and that request has been put in writing. There-
fore I have never alluded to it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not state this for
effect on a particular case. I wish the gentleman
to understand me distinctly. I speak of it as an
instance characterizing the subjects into which
we have authorized our honorable committee to
inquire, the board having inquired into them be-
fore.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator has not stated
one tenth part of the evidence before the committee;
and'if I felt myself at liberty to make statements
and introduce official documents here in reference
to this case, I could at once convince the honor-
able Senator himself.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The honorable gentle-
man does not understand n>e yet. I do not know
what the evidence is, nor is it a matter of much
concern to me; but it all goes to establish what I
say, that the subjects into which this committee
are obliged to inquire, by way of sustaining the
board, is a question about a matter of fact in re-
lation to a caterer's account for two months, ten
years ago, and a shawl which the officer, I believe,
says he gave to the lady, but which he is charged
with having sold to her for ten dollars, when he
ought to have sold it to her for seven dollars.
[Laughter.] I do not mention these things now
to have any effect (for I have not named the offi-
cer) on any particular case, but to characterize
the sort of proceeding and the sort of inquiry to
which these officers have been subjected under
this law, contrary to its plain provisions, utterly
beyond the jurisdiction of the board—an odious
jurisdiction to honorable men, as I admit them to
be. I have not impugned their characters; I do
not intend to do so. They must have done what
they did under some strange hallucination, per-
haps, in some degree, arising from the miscon-
struction which the Secretary of the Navy—just
as honestly, for all I know, or shall charge upon
him—gave them in a sort of pastoral letter of in-
struction (particularly upon the subject of morality.
[Laughter.] It would have become a Tillotson
about as well as a Secretary of the Navy.
1 think I have shown that the jurisdiction given
by the statute has not been conformed to. The
board have gone beyond it; and, upon authority
to try for one tiling, they have tried and "con-
demned for another—another totally distinct, and
for which there were other judges appointed by
! law, and which other tribunals are appointed to
decide. What is the worth of their judgment?
1 Any other fifteen gentlemen might have met to- ■
gether just as well, and pronounced their recom-
mendations. But I have said enough on this
point?
These officers were dismissed, according to the
recommendation of the board, by the President
of the United States, and it is argued that there- :
fore Congress cannot restore them. Sir, if we ;
find that these gentlemen have decided on matters
over which they had no jurisdiction, what is their
judgment worth? I will not inquire into the
technical qualities of that judgment, as though I
were before a court of technical law, and consider
technically the question whether it be void or
voidable; a question which has been somewhat
discussed ami descanted-upon here. I am now
before a tribunal where reason, and not techni-
cality, prevails. What is the worth of such a
judgment? Nothing. In your opinion, in my
contemplation, in the reason of mankind, and in
the justice of mankind,upon every principle, it is
null and void. But, it is said, the President has
given it effect by his sanction. That seems to
me to be iust as plain a question as the invalidity
of the judgment when it came from the hapds of
the board. How did the President know to what
extent they had gone ? How did he know that
they had inquirea into more than the capacity of
the men at the time of the judgment? How did
hfe know that they had inquired into their faults
and peccadilloes in former life ? There was no
evidence preserved for him; there was no mark
to guide him in tracing their action. Two hun- 1
dred and one officers of the American Navy \ftere
destroyed, and not a drop of blood left—not a
sign of what had been done. |
No evidence—not a particle, was presented to
him. The board, I have no doubt, felt a comfort
and consolation in reflecting "if we have erred,
the President can correct the error." So Com- ,
modore Shubrick says; so the Secretary said to
the board; so say the board, through Commodore
Shubrick, to us. " Our board," they say, " was
merely advisory and recommendatory, its action
was to undergo the scrutiny of the Secretary of
the Navy and the President; it was expected that
they would correct what was wrong." Now,
sir, what was the condition of the President? He
Was to supervise. Supervise what? A list of
names which, according to the legal interpreta- i
tion, must have been given as the names of men j
incapable of performing their duties as officers?
That was the jurisdiction; that was the point on
which they had aright to decide. Had the Pres- ;
ident a right to presume that they could have ;
decided anything more, and, if more, how much i
more? On what evidence? There was nothing
before the President by which he could exercise
scrutiny over their finding. His decision, there-
fore, against these officers, and their removal from
their condition in the Navy, was a mere statu-
tory, legal corollary, from the fact of the recom-
mendation of the board, and a confidence, neces-
sarily a blind confidence, placed in the proceed-
ings of that board—nothing more, nothing less.
And now we are told that this sanction of the
President, and the removal of these officers by
the President, constitute an insuperable barrier
to their restoration, or to any measure by which
justice may be done them. Is that so ? Can we
sit by and see these things, allow these things,
and give them our sanction and our applause?
The gentleman from Florida says that nothing
has been done here which does not command—
ay, increase—his confidence. Have we no power
in the matter to disregard a judgment thus ren-
dered without authority of law—a decision of the
board given without any scrutiny, or the possi-
bility of scrutiny, on the part of the President—
a judgment that would be scouted by every just
and reasonable man in the community? Are we
alone, by the force of some mysterious technical-
ity, to have our hands bound and our judgments
silenced upon a case so enormous? No, sir.
The'easiest way, perhaps, to effect the object
which we desire is, without troubling ourselves
about what has been done, to declare by law that
these officers shall be restored to their places, each
and every one of them. Have we not that power ?
We, Mr. President, have that power. Congress
has exercised it without question in multiplied
instances. On the one side is the alleged supreme,
exclusive power of the President to malce the
nominations according to his discretion and his
will. Has )iot that discretion been controlled con-
stantly by Congress in its constitutional power
to make regulations for the government of the
Army and Navy? That is their secure constitu-
tional power. We must construe the power of
the President generally upon the subject of ap-
pointment and removal in connection with all the
other provisions of the Constitution; and here is
a provision of the Constitution conferring upon
the Congress of the United States emphatically
the power " to make rules for the government and
regulation" of these formidable branches of the
Government, which it was not intended to intrust
entirely to the hands of the Executive, and is
therefore placed in the Congress of the United
States. There is the power to make rules and
regulations. What rules have they made ? Doe?
not every gentleman who has ever turned over a
page of law regulating the Army of the United
States know that the order of promotion by which
the President is to be governed is there found in
the form of a positive, enacted law ? If a vacancy
occurs in the office of captain, it is provided that
he shall appoint the next lieutenant, and so on in
succession. Thatjias been always a power exer-
cised by Congress; and tjiat one instance will be
sufficient to show that the power of the President
is not supreme, and does not exclude and nega-
tive other powers in the Constitution.
There are other instances, still stronger, of
officers actually restored. The learned report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, in order to
justify the constitution of this board, cites a case
in which, some years ago, Congress directed the
reduction of the marine corps. The committee
show us in the report how that was effected. In
that case, as in this, a board of officers was con-
vened with the power of saying who should be
withdrawn from the service. All the circum-
stances of the case are to be found in this report.
At the conclusion of the Mexican war the Pres-
ident carried into effect the law requiring this
reduction. A board was called; a board did des-
ignate the officers to be withdrawn; and they
were out of the service. This was done under
the act passed March 2,1847, to increase the ma-
rine corps, with a provision in the fourth section
that, at the end of the war, the corps should be
reduced by the President to the number of officers
and men in the service at the time of the passage
of that act. The corps was reduced; a number
of its members were dismissed; and what was
then done ? They were out of office—clearly out
of office. What was the power of Congress? To
