1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
But, sir, where do you derive the power at all?
This bill say3 it is to "accommodate the wants
of commerce through the Southwest Pass;" and
the reasoning in support of it By the honorable
Senator from Louisiana is that there are some
eight or ten millions of people diffused through
some twelve or fifteen States, either upon the
Mississippi or" its tributaries, who are interested
in the work, and file "wants" of their "com-
mefce" are those " wants" which are to be sub-
served by it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The honorable Senator
from Virginia will permit me to say that the bill
does not state exactly what he thinks it does. The
bill provides for' deepening the pass to a suffi-
cient depth to accommodate the wants of com-
me'ree. The bill does not say that the improve-
ment is for the purpose of accommodating com-
merce; but it designates, by those woras, the
depth to which the pass is to be opened. It is
the measure of the improvement, not its purpose.
Mr. MASON. T do not see that the criticism
changes the purpose of the bill as shown upon
its face. The language of the bill is "for open-
ing and keeping open ship channels of sufficient
capacity to accommodate the wants of com-
merce. "
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the measure to
which the improvement ia to extend—not the
purpose for which the improvement is to be
marie.
Mr. MASON. Well, suppose the bill had
setid, " to deepen those channels to the depth of
twenty feet to accommodate the wants of com-
merce," as it might have said if it had prescribed
any actual depth, would it not be perfectly legit-
imate to say it? Tf you have a power to accom-
modate the wants of commcrce you must derive
it from the Constitution; and, if you have a
power to accommodate the wants of commerce
derived from the Constitution, I suppose it is a
matter of very little moment whether the wants
of commerce will be satisfied by a channel of ten
feet or twenty fret.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator does not seem
to understand exactly what 1 said. There are
several modes by which we could express a de-
termination to open the channel to the depth of
twenty or twenty-five feet. We might say, " We
make an appropriation for the purpose of opening
n. channel of the depth of twenty-five feet;" or,
if a channel of twenty-five feet were the usual
channel requisite for accommodating commerce,
we might say, "We make an appropriation for
opening a channel such as is usual for accommo-
dating commcrce." Each of these two forms of
expression implies the same thing; that is, the
extent of the improvement to be made. Neither
of them implies the object or purpose for winch
the improvement, is to be made.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I confess I have
not understood the Senator. If (when the bill
declares that the money is to be expended to
deepen the channel sufficiently to accommodate
the wants of commerce) the wants of commerce
at that point do not indicate the object of the
bill, I am at a loss to know how wc are to get at
its object. Why pass' the bill? Because the
wants of commerce require it. Certainly this is
the language of the bill. If the wants of com-
merce did not require it, there would be nothing
upon the face of the bill to show why it should
be passed. It is a mere recital in the bill. Sup-]
pose the bill had said "The Secretary of War j
shall expend $330,000 to make that channel deep !
enough to give access to the navy-yard at New •
Orleans," it would be referred then to the power 1
to maintain a Navy if there was a navy-yard !
there. When it is said you must make it deep j
€?0U?^ accomitt°datc the wants of commerce, !
the object of the bill is indicated, namely: it is to j
promote, to further, and to facilitate commerce, j
\l his is the indicated object for which the money ;
is to be expended. Then, if we inquire as to the i
power, you have not the power unless the Con- !
stitution authorizes this mode ot facilitating com- ^
merce, or of accommodating its wants. I do not !i
think that the criticism of the honorable Senator t
at aii relieves the bill from the objection, that j
upon its face it claims to be well-founded, on the !
ground tiiat there is a power in this Government 1
to accommodate the wants of commerce. !
X presume that Senators on ail sides of this I
Chamber agree in one thiny in reference to the 1
Constitution—a charter very seldom referred to
upon this floor, sometimes referred to in terms of
derision, (courteous derision, if you will, but still
derision.) The objections of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia were characterized here yes-
terday as " the Georgia strait-jacket" in her
construction of the Constitution. So with my
own honored State: our claimed adherence to the
Constitution is constantly denounced as " mere
Virginia abstractions.'' The Constitution is very
seldom referred to in modern days, upon this
floor, unless it be to derogate from it, not to fol-
low it, or adhere to it. I suppose, however, as a
question purely of construction, we all agree upon
one thing, that the Constitution is simply a grant
of power, and that no power can legitimately be
exercised by Congress unless it is found in the
Constitution, either expressly granted, or as ne-
cessary and proper to carry some express power
into effect.
Wc trace this grant to the first article of the
Constitution, that which confers legislative power.
The first article of the Constitution declares that
" all legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States." If
there be a question about the rightful exercise of
a power of legislation, docs it not devolve upon
those who contend that it is rightful to show that
it is granted ? Clearly; because the Constitution
declares that all powers of legislation are granted;
and if a power is claimed to be a constitutional
one, its friends must refer to the terms of the
grant, and show where it is. Is that attempted
here ? Nobody will say that one of the enumer-
ated powers in the grant is to deepen the channels
of rivers: or to make a harbor; or, as it is defined
m this bill, to deepen the channel of a river to
accommodate the wants of commerce, or for any
other purpose whatever. It is not pretended that
such a power is found m the enumeration of the
grant.
The legislative power of Congress is the cre-
ative power, itis that power which was designed
to manage the purse, to raise revenue, and to
control the expenditure. The most important of
all the functions conferred upon Congress is the
money power. We have found, accordingly,
that authority is meted out in the first article of
the Constitution with a very niggard hand. It
is declared that "all legislative powcrs"givcn to
Congress are "granted" by the Constitution,
and then follows an enumeration of what the
granted powers are. They are numerous and
■they are specific. In the eighth section of the
first article you find them set out in a scries of
sections, each one complete in itself, and each
one specific. You do not find this to be the case
in reference to the other powers of Government;
there is no enumeration of grants there. "The
executive power" is "vested in a President."
Mow? Iiy a series of specific grants providing
that he shall have power to do this, that, and the
other? No. It is comprehended in the general
phrase, that " the executive power shall be vested
in a President of the United States of America;"
and when a question arises, whether a power
exercised by the President is properly an exec-
utive power, you must look outside of the Con-
stitution to find whether it is executive power.
So with judicial power. The next article of
the Constitution says that " the judicial power
of the United States shall be vested in one Su-
preme Court, and in such inferior courts as the
Congress may, from time to time, ordain and
establish;" but it does not undertake to enumer-
ate what the judicial power shall consist of in all
its parts. It is taken as a whole, and vested in
one Supreme Court and in the subordinate courts.
But, sir, to this great and important authority
of legislation, the creative power, that which
controls the purse, raises the money, and ex-
pends it, I repeat, power has been meted out
specifically, and with a niggard hand. When,
therefore, you bring a bill here, and say it is war-
ranted by the Constitution, we have a right, on
the part of the Constitution, to requne you to
show the grant under which the power is derived.
I put it to the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
under which one of the specific grants of power
is authority given to Congress to deepen the
channel at the mouth of the Mississippi river, for
the purpose of accommodating the wants of com-
merce, or to make it deep enough for the wants
ofcommerce? It is nowhere to be found in the
words of the Constitution—that will be conceded.
We are told, however, that, although it be not
specifically granted, powers which are properly
implied are just as legitimately found in the Con-
stitution as those which are expressly granted.
I concede it; but you must imply them under the
terms prescribed by the Constitution itself. The
Constitution gives the measure, within the limits
of which, and within the limits of which only,
you are at liberty to imply power. The Con-
stitution recognizes this as a limited grant of
power; and knowing that there are occasions—
frequent occasions, perhaps—where you must
imply a power in order to execute an express
grant, the Constitution has recognized it by ths
declaration that the implied power must be—
what? " Necessary and proper for carrying into
execution" the express power. This is the lan-
guage of the Constitution.
I may say, then, for the convenience of the ar-
gument, as well as in strict philological phrase,
that the granted are the primary powers; the im-
plied are the derivative ones; and I deny that, by
any fair or just interpretation of the Constitution,
you can elevate a derivative to the dignity of an
express power; but when you claim authority
under a derivative power, you must show that the
power to be exercised is granted, and that the
derivative power is necessary to carry it into
effect. If you do not do this, you at once depart
from the true theory of this Constitution of lim-
ited powers, and you elevate derivative ones to
the same scale with granted ones. I say, conse-
quently, that by a fair and just interpretation of
the Constitution, when we are told that a power
to be exercised is a derivative power, it devolves
on you to show that it is derivative, and that it is
necessary and proper to carry an express power
into effect. If you cannot show, this you have
no such derivative power. The accessory falls
if you cannot show the existence of the principal.
\ go one step further in this view. I say that,
within the terms of the Constitution, you cannot
claim to exercise a derivative power unless you
show that without it it is impracticable to exer-
cise the express power—unless you show that
you cannot exercise the express power without
the aid of the derivative power, which is ancil-
lary only, and not primary.
If I am correct in this view, where are we
brought? We are brought to this: that when a
power is claimed as derivative, it devolves on
those who claim it to show that it is derivative
from an express ^rant, and to show the express
grant to which this ancillary power is necessary
to give effect. In the language of the Constitution,
it must be "necessary;" no implied power is
legitimate unless it is necessary as well as proper
to carry some express power into effect.
Now let us come back to this bill which is to
deepen the channel at the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, so as to accommodate the wants of com-
merce. Is there any power in the Constitution,
either by express grant or given bv any general
phrase, which authorizes the Congress of the
United States to further commerce, to facilitate
commerce, to create it, or to promote it? None
that I am aware of f it has power to dig out
the channel of a river in order to accommodate
commerce, I ask, in the name of all that is sen-
sible, why has it not power to construct a railroad
for the accommodation of commerce ? Or, if a rail-
road be built, and it be found to be too narrow to
accommodate the commerce of the termini, has it
not power to build another railroad alongside of
it to accommodate commerce ? This is to accom-
modate commerce only; and if you have that
power, does it not follow, as I have said, that
every incident mustgo with it? If you have this
power, you must also have authority to create
such a series of statutes as are necessary to pre-
serve the work when it is done. The Constitu-
tion excludes it from the jurisdiction of the State
after it is done. The authority of the State is
trenched upon to that extent, although the work
has been done without the assent of the State.
Unless you not only concede this, but carry it
into effect by the proper legislation to preserve
the property of the public, you betray the public
trust. You cannot escape from these conclusions.
It was said, I think, by some Senators on the
other side of the Chamber yesterday, that you
could deepen this river because you have power
to declare war. The war power which is so
