596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That O. M. Wozencraft have. leave to with-
draw his letter, presented at-the first session of the last
On motion by Mr. "WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Albert Hart, on the files of
the, Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was •
Ordered, That the petition of Joshua Mercer, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. "WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Clement L. Lukens and
Hugh Maxwell, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
% On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That Benjamin Miller have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William L. Meredith, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Elizabeth Monroe be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That William F. M. Magraw have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
Mr. SEWARD. The Court of Claims, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate adopted
a few days ago, has sent back the papers in the
case of Samuel S. Wood & Son. I move that
they be referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM A. CAMERON.
Mr. SEWARD. A few days ago, at the re-
quest of William A. Cameron, I obtained an
order that he have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers. I find, on examination, that other
parties claim an interest in the papers; and I find,
also, that an adverse report has once been made
in the ease, therefore, the order is ill-advised. I
beg pardon for troubling the Senate so much on
the subject; but I move that the order of the
Senate made on aformcr day directing that Wil-
liam A. Cameron have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers be rescinded.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Caro-
line Newington, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill to authorize the entry of certain lands
m the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline Newington;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Polly Scott, widow of John Scott, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the memorial of
the spccial agents of the State of Maryland,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia; which was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion for the presentation of a sword to Colonel
Benjamin S. Roberts, submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill explanatory
and amendatory of the u act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," approved March
3, 1855, reported it back with amendments.
ADJUSTMENT OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, lam instructed
by the Committee on Finance to report a joint
resolution providing for the final adjustment of
certain cases of appeal from decisions made by
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department.
This is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury to meet a case which I will state. Mr.
Whittlesey, while ho was Auditor, decided a case
which has since come before him as First Comp-
troller, and, not being able to sit in the case, it
is now proposed to provide a general remedy for
such cases, and allow them to be referred to the
Second Comptroller and Commissioner of Cus-
toms. A large claim is suspended on account of
this difficulty, and I ask that the Senate will act
on the joint resolution at once.
The joint resolution was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct that, in every case of a claim not
finally adjusted, on which the present First Comp-
troller as Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department may have decided, and which
may have been hereafter examined by the Auditor
on new testimony, and from whose decision an
appeal has been taken, it shall be referred to the
Second Comptroller and the Commissioner of the
Customs for adjustment, and their decision shall
be final.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time
and passed.
RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
Mr. DODGE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform the Senate whether the sum of money
directed to be paid to Richard W. Thompson, of Indiana,
by a paragraph m the civil and diplomatic bill of the 3d of
March, 18o5, for alleged services to the Menominee Indians,
has been paid to said Thompson; and if so, whether the
assent of the Indians was first obtained to the payment;
and that, if said sum has not been paid, he be requested
to communicate what action has been taken in relation
thereto, with all the papers connected with the case and
now on file in the several Departments.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN DUBUQUE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
HesoZ«ed,ThattheCommitteeon Commerce be instructed
to inquiie into the expediency of making an appropuation
for electing a building at Dubuque, Iowa, for the use of the
survcyoi ot the port, the post office, sub-treasurer's office,
land office, surveyor general's office, and other Government
offices of the United States at that place.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill mak-
ing a grant of land to the State of Michigan to
aid m the construction of a railroad from De-
troit to Lake Superior; which was read the first
and second time hy its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BROWN, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the construction of a railroad and telegraphic
communication from a point on the Mississippi
river south of latitude 37°, to the Pacific ocean;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I move to refer
this bill to the selcct committee on the Pacific
railroad. It is a short bill, but I will not ask to
have it read; I will, however, beg the indulgence
of the Senate to offer 3 word or two of explana-
tion.
This bill does not complicate the Government
to any extent in the construction of this road.
The first section proposes a grant of thirty sec-
tions of land per mile, making in the aggregate,
according to the estimates, about forty millions
of acres of land; but it obliges the company to
pay fifty cents an acre for the land before they
get any title. The second section requires the
company to deposit $500,000 with the Govern-
ment before they are to be considered as organ-
ized under the bill, as a bonus that they will carry
on the work according to the provisions of the
bill. That they must do within six months, and
within eighteen months they must commence and
complete one hundred miles of road. The third
section obliges the United States to pay §600 a
mile for carrying the mail until the road is com-
pleted, and for ten years thereafter, and such rea-
sonable sum as the President and Secretary of
War may determine for carrying arms, munitions
of war, and things of that sort.
The fourth section forfeits all the franchises of
the road if it be not finished within ten years,
and all the lands granted revert to the Govern-
ment, except such as may have been paid for.
The fifth section grants the right of way through
the public lands four hundred yards wide.
This is the whole bill. I do not pretend that
the scheme is a perfect one. It gives no exclusive
privilege to this company, but allows everybody
else to commence and construct railroads when
and where they please, and get such favors from
the Government as they can. The gentlemen
who ask for this grant, and who are to constitute
this company, authorize me to say that they are
seeking no advantage of the Government in any
form, and are perfectly willing that the committee
on the Pacific railroad shall throw any guards
around the interest of the Government which they
may think proper to embody in the lull. With
anything which gives them a fair opportunity,
with this amount of public land paid for at the
rate of fifty cents an acre, to go on and construct
the road, they are satisfied. If the guards are
not sufficient in the bill, put in any others that
may be required.
So far as I am concerned, I ha\e never brought
myself fully to consent to go for the Pacific rail-
road scheme at all; but if I do go for any it must
be something plain and simple, like this, which
I can understand.
With this brief explanation of the bill, I move
its reference to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad, and commend it to the attention of that
committee with the other propositions which
they may consider.
Mr. RUSK. Before the reference of the bill,
I move that it be ordered to be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I believe several Senators
gave notice, in the early part of the session, of
their intention to introduce bills for the purpose
of constructing a railroad from the Mississippi
to the Pacific. I desire to give notice that it is
the intention of that committee, if possible, to
report a bill next week; so that those gentlemen
who have bills prepared will, I hope, introduce
them, and have them referred to that committee
for consideration.
The bill was referred to the select committee
on the Pacific railroad.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand that there
is a communication on the table from the Court
of Claims, made in pursuance of the act of Con-
gress organizing the court, which I think ought
to be submitted at this time, for the purpose of
having it referred.
The PRESIDENT. With the permission of
the Senate, the Chair will lay before the Senate
the communication.
The Secretary read the communication, which
states that the court has decided adversely on the
claims of Robert Roberts, Samuel M. Puckett,
John P. McElderry, Louis G. Thomas and
others, and Shepherd Knapp; and favorably on
the claims of Samuel P. Todd, John Shaw, and
Isadore D. Beaugrand. Bills are transmitted in
those cases where the court has decided favor-
ably, and the opinion of the judges in each case.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the commu-
nication, and all the accompanying documents in
these cases, be referred to the Committee on
Claims. I presume there will be no objection to
that. The reference should be either to the Com-
mittee on Finance or to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Claims,
undoubtedly.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. TOUCEY. In connection with this sub-
ject I wish to observe, that it must be obvious
that the solicitor and clcrk of the Court of Claims
should be admitted on the floor of the Senate. I
therefore move an amendment to the 48th rule,
which regulates that subject, by inserting, after
the words, "clerk of the Supreme Court," the
words, and the solicitor and clerk of the Court
of Claims." I presume there can be no objection
to that amendment. These officers will frequently
have occasion to consult with Senators.
By unanimous consent the amendment to the
rules was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making a grant of
