1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
34th Coso....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
o
Senate.
restore them f There was a clear case. Could
Consrress put those officers back despite the power
of the President? They have don&it by law. At
the end of the war the corps was reduced by the
dismissal^ of officers and men, as stated in the
ivport of the committee; and afterwards those
dismissed officers were restored by an act of Con-
press, which will be found in the ninth volume
of the Statutes at Lar®e, page 377. The act was
approved March 3, 1849.
Sir. BENJAMIN. Will my friend from Ken-
tuck v permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That act of Congress was
approved by the President. Suppose the Presi-
dent had vetoed it, and it had passed bbth
branches of Congress again by the constitutional
^majority of two thirds, could Congress have put
the officers into the Army and Navv of the United
States without thr nomination of the President
nmtt-r the Constitution ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the President had
vetoed it, and it had been passed by the compe- i
tent majority of two thirds, it would have been
as much a law as it was with the President's
signature, and would have had the same effect.
The jjentleman will see that, according to the
Constitution, this act of Congress could not have
made an officer upon the supposition on which he
- proceeds, that the President s assent to the bill
was equivalent to a nomination to the Senate.
If, however, that be the case, any other bill passed
to restore these officers must have the concur-
rence of the President, or a constitutional majority
in both Houses. But I take it that this is a pre-
cedent and an authority to show that these res-
torations were by law, and they would equally
have taken effect, and as constitutionally, if the
law, without the President's signature, had been
passed by the majority contemplated in the Con-
stitution—a two-thirds vote.
I have spoken in regard to the reduction of the
marine corps. Let me give another instance. By
an act of February 11, 1847, there was raised an
additional military force of ten regiments for and
during the war with Mexico. That law provided
that " the said officers, musicians, and privates
authorized by this actj shall be immediately dis-
charged from the service of the United States at
the close of the war." These ten regiments, then,
by the law which authorized the President to
raise them, were to be dismissed at the close of
the war. The war did close by treaty, dated I
February 2, 1848. From and after that time, !
these men were by law out of the service. But, !
by a "further act of July 19,1848, it is provided in
the fourth section that all the officers of the old '
army who had received appointments in the new
forces raised for the war—in other words, all the
officers who had been promoted from the old
army into higher commands in these ten regi-
ments, should be restored to their former position
and rank, and that the President should nominate
them to the Senate. He did nominate them, and
they were confirmed. " I
I ask if these authorities are not perfectly con- 1
elusive as to the power of Congress ? '
Mr. MALLORY. Will my frigid give me '
the pages of the ninth volume of the Statutes at
Large to which he refers?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The first act in regard ;
to the marine corps is to be found in the ninth '
volume, page 154. The restoration was by an
act to be found in the ninth volume, page 377.
The law authorizing the creation of officers of
the Army is in the ninth volume, page 123; and
they were restored by the act of July 19, 1848,
to be found at page 247.
Now,sir,can we not restore these naval officers?
The idea suggested by Any friend from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamiv] is very plausible indeed; but,
from his known ability, I am satisfied that further
consideration will convince him that the assent
of the President, in this connection, to a law i
passed by Congress, does not affect or impair its !
authority at all. How is his power of appoint- |
ment to be exercised according to the Constitu-
tion ? By a nomination by him to the Senate.
He has no right to appoint in any other wise.
Considering now singly and simply the power i
to appoint, the mode of exercising that power as
a separate and distinct power, is described and
particularly regulated by the Constitution. His
i assent to a law is nothing more than to say,««I
assent that this act shall nave all its operation aa
a law." If the law was unconstitutional, could
the President, by signing it, make it constitutional?
Would its constitutionality depend upon his sig-
nature to the bill ? I should think not. When
he signs a bill, he acts in a different character,
for a different purpose, and under a different con-
stitutional provision, and he then exercises a
power, and authority, and duty, on his part
entirely distinct from the' power, and authority,
and duty of making appointments. You cannot
construe his signature to a bill into any exercise
of the power of nominating. Could he transfer
the appointing power to Congress—the House of
Representatives and the Senate ? Could he sanc-
tion srtch a proceeding? When the honorable
Senator from Louisiana shall think over this
matter, I trust to his candor and his judgment to
see that these are precedents of a congressional
authority exercised upon the subject, unimpaired
and unaffected by the simple fact, that the Pres-
ident, as to an ordinary act of legislation, has
put his signature to a bill passed by both Houses
of Congress. If he can authorize an appointment
of that sort, or give any sanction to it as a law,
it is giving sanction to an appointment by the two
branches of Congress Tnat is what he assents
to—that Congress has the power of appointment;
otherwise he could not, in a conscientious dis-
charge of his duty, sign such a bill.
These are precedents and authorities for our
power of restoration for which I am contending;
these are cases where the parties were, by law—
just law—politic law, out of the service. Here,
however, we have to encounter nothing but a
void judgment by men who have surpassed their
jurisdiction—ignorantly and unintentionally I
will believe—exercising what was, in their con-
viction, a duty, and a painful duty. The twilight
in which the Secretary s letter had put them, may
be some excuse and some cause for their error,
and the Secretary in making that construction
misunderstood the law. This is all that I charge
upon him. Here is our authority to restore.
' This is not, strictly and technically speaking,
making appointments. No, sir. Here is a great
body of men a great subject to be affected. Our
act restoring them would be a great measure,
properly a legislative measure, not an appoint-
ment strictly, and in the constitutional sense.
*1 say, then, that there is no difficulty in regard
to the Constitution or the law. The only inquiry
is, does justice require the exercise of this power?
The honorable Senator from Florida declares that
nothing has been done here which he does not
approve of; and yet I think I have heard that
honorable Senator, when he has favored us with
speeches in defense of the board, and of the con-
demnation of each and every one of these men,
say that mistakes had been committed, and that
he desired to see them corrected. Have I misun-
derstood the honorable Senator in saying' this ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir. *■
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I have not mis-
taken him; he has said so.
Mr. MALLORY. In defending the board I
have repeatedly said, (though I believe I have
spoken but once on this question—on other occa-
sions my remarks were called out incidentallv,)
that if I had been acting on the board I would not
have regarded the cases of particular officers as
they did—that 1 would not have made the recom- ;
mendations in those cases which they did; and ;
setting up my judgment as a standard for theirs,
testing their judgment by my own, I think they :
have made errors in those cases.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I understand the j
honorable Senator as thinking so now ?
Mr. MALLORY. I think they have erred in
some few cases, and I specified one particularly
yesterday. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir, is not the .
honorable Senator, by the bill which he proposes,
sanctioning the condemnation of that single one;
and would he, under these circumstances, sanction
the degradation of a single honest and honorable
man who has been confounded in a common judg-
ment by this naval board ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; but I take adiffer-
cnt view from the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. The gentleman to whom I have alluded
cannot be degraded by the action of any fifteen
or any fifWp thousand men. He was placed upon
the furlougn list. Upon that list no man wa\
placed who was thereby degraded by any opinion.
He could not be degraded Dy any opinion which
placed him on that list. By the terms of the law
those were designated for that list who were sup-
posed to be of professional incapacity—not inca-
pacity brought about by the officers' own act.
In sanctioning this bill 1 do not suppose that I
sanction the degradation of any man. On the
contrary, I afford an opportunity to correct mere
errors of judgment, by giving information per-
haps which was not before the board at the time
of their action.
' Mr. CRITTENDEN. There was very little
information before the board undoubtedly.
-To illustrate further the utter fallacy—the utter
insufficiency of the ground upon whicn this board
proceeded, I beg to call the attention of the Sen*
ate to another statement made in the report of
the committee. We have there an account of the
meeting of the board, and its proceedings. We
learn that a copy of the Navy Register and of the
act of Congress establishing the board were placed
in the hands of each of the fifteen officers of the
, board; and, as I understand, each from his knowl-
; edge marked upon that Register the names of those
\ who he thought were objectionable and ought to/
be removed. We are told by the president of the
board, that such was the obvious and known in-
capacity of these men, that one hundred and fifty
of them were unanimously fixed upon at the first
guess—the first venture, by the board of fifteen
or ten, according to their rank A unanimous
mark of proscription was put upon one hundred
and fifty by their action! This is cited—to show
what? What does it show? Does it show that
they were certainly correct in this judgment?
Remember that thevdid not hear testimony from
a human voice outside of the board. Did they, in
thus making this mark of proscription, act on
their own knowledge? Was there a single officer
on that board who knew one hundred and fifty
officers of the Navy? No, air. It passes all cred-
ibility to believe that there was a solitary officer
, there who knew one half that number. There
are only ships' companies of them who come to-
J gether. Those on shore are scattered about
j everywhere. Two or three long cruises make
! up the service of most of these officers, and that
service confines them to a few comrades. They
did not know one hundred and fifty: there was
no man on that board who knew half that num-
ber of officers; and how many men did he know
in such a manner as to be able to judge of all the
actions of his life, or his general fitness or unfit-
ness, or his morality? It is impossible. This fact
condemns their action at once; or it shows that
one told another, and he told another, and the
concurrence of the fifteen, if traced to this source,
will be found in the whispered testimony of one
man to his next neighbor, and that perhaps upon
the hearsay of others! This is the source of a
concurrence which is now brought forward here
as an independent judgment and concurrence of
the whole board, upon testimony heard, in one
hundred and fifty cases, whe# no man can be
credulous enough, no wn green enough to sup-
pose that the whole fifteen knew one half the-
number of officers dismissed and disrated.
Now, Mr. President, when this whole subject
is looked at, there is but one further view to take
 has injustice been done ? because it may be said,
if no injustice has been done, and if the Navy has
been benefited, why should we undo it, though
irregularly done ? Why not let it stand ? The
question remaining for the consideration of the
Senate is, whether they believe injustice has been
done ? The very form in which this proceeding
has taken place is necessarily indicative of injus-
tice. It could not lead to the development of
truth—it could not lead to just sentences, if the
men who made the decision had been anything
less than angels. They were mutually deceived
and misled; it could not be otherwise. But, be-
sides, we know, one and another of us—perhaps
there is no gentleman in the Senate who does not
know some instance of flagrant injustice done.
I know many. When I say "many, I speak
comparatively. I know ten or a dozen whieh.I
