1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
man from a free State here who is willing to vote
money to pay troops for shooting down in cold
blood the advocates of liberty from his own State
for not yielding to those tyrannical enactments,
let him put himself upon the record. I do not
know whether there is any such here. If there
be, he must act agreeably to his own judgment.
I know the duty I owe myself and my constit-
uents, and I will discharge that duty. We live
in historic times. "We are making up a record
that will be transmitted to other men and other
generations. We ought to be careful to place
ourselves in the right position.
A few words more, and I have done. It is
understood that the Republicans of this House
regard the alleged laws of Kansas as fraudulent—
as the acts of usurping invaders—as the enact-
ments of men who had no more right to legislate
for Kansas than the people of Maryland had. I
assert that individuals in Maryland may get to-
gether and enact laws to govern the people of
Kansas, and their enactments would be as bind-
ing on the people of that Territory as were the
acts of those Missounans who invaded the Ter-
ritory, and professed to legislate for its people.
And ivhen the President of the United States, and
his advisers and supporters, attempt to constitute
such residents of Missouri legislators for Kansas,
and to employ the Army to enforce obediencc to
such laws, I charge on him the revolution that is
now going on in that Territory. The blood of
those citizens of my own State, who were mur- ,, ^ _
dered in Kansas, now stains his garments. The i points which I intended to make. 1 have lam
the closing scenes of the session did not of them-
selves admonish me of the impropriety of party
discussions at a time like this, there is nothing
which has fallen from the gentleman from Ohio
that, in my judgment, needs reply. His speech is
but the stale and unvaried repetition of appeals to
which we have been forced to listen for the last
eight months—of statements that have over and
over again been disproved—of arguments which
have been refuted—and of slanders which have
been repelled. It is idle for that member to at-
tempt to escape the responsibility of the position
which he and his party have assumed before the
country, and now to cast that responsibility upon
hands of the President, and those who support
his policy, now drip with human gore. Will
Republicans vote for appropriations to continue
the perpetration of such crimes ? God forbid !
He and his supporters of the Legislative Assem-
bly of Kansas revolutionize the country to spread
slavery over land where it is prohibited by solemn
compact. The Republicans stand in the way of
this revolution. Their strength is put forth to
stay its tide. They are determined to obliterate
' this pretended Kansas Legislature and its laws— j
one of which is that no man shall vote unless he 1
swears to support the fugitive slave law, the
Kansas-Nebraska act, and .the laws of the Terri- j; an explanation
torial Legislature.
A fuend [Mr. Gnow] calls my attention to a i
fact which, though I did not intend to refer to, I
will not pass by altogether. Where are the men
who filled these seats when this Kansas conspir-
acy was conceived and carried into effect? They
were constrained to vote under the partisan influ-
ences brought to bear on them. The Senators,
holding' their seats for six years, looking forward
to the time when all agitation would, in then-
view, be quieted, forced this issue upon this body
and upon the country. Most of those who voted
for the bill have gone to their political graves,
and popular indignation rests upon their memo-
ries. Dead and buried, the green sods of the
valley now protect them from the expressions
of contempt which honest men feel for their con-
duct. They have departed to that bourn whence
such travelers never return. [Laughter.] The
people sent other men to fill their places, and to
restore to Kansas that freedom which was wan-
free-State men in Kansas, and consent to involve
ourselves with them in the commission of crimes
at which our consciences and judgments revolt.
On this issue I am prepared to go to the people, to
appeal to that tribunal of popular sentiment which
stands high above us, and which will pass an im- j
partial judgment upon each member. Tlie people j
have already given some manifestations of their j
displeasure towards those who have aided in bring- '
ing about this civil war, a war in which American
blood has been shed by American arms. Where
now is the Democrat from the first district of Iowa?
And who answers where? His eyes are closed
in political death. He went for slavery in Kan- ...
sas, and the lightning of popular indignation has M the Senate. This House may have the undoubted
laid him a lifeless corpse. The people have filled ij power—and he may say the right, so far as might
his place with a lover of liberty. Even in a Jl makes right—to annex these provisoes to the gen -
slave State, for the fiist tune we see a Repub- jj eral appropriation bills. But how far the exer-
| cise of such a power is consistent with usage,
I with order, with a due regard to the public m-
: tcrests, with the preservation of a proper respect
! to the coordinate branches of the Govcrnnientand
! to the harmony of legislation, it is for the country
1 to determine.
: I have no hesitation in declaring it as my own
opinion, that when a party, such as the member
j from Ohio represents, having accidentally and
I, temporarily acquired a majority in one of the
Houses of Congress, seeks to force its partisan
policy upon the other branch of the Legislature
and upon the Executive, by incorporating that
policy m the ordinary and necessary appropria-
tion "bills, thus presenting the issue, surrender
to me, or ] will arrest the regular supplies to Gov-
ernment and paralyze its functions, it is a gross
abuse of the power vested in this body; it is de-
structive of all fair and deliberate legislation; it is
the substitution of force for reason, and can be
justly characterized by no other terms than fac-
tious and revolutionary conduct. 1 have no doubt
the country will so regard it. 1 admit that ex-
treme cases may arise when such a course of pro-
ceeding might be justified by public sentiment;
but it would be such cases as justify any other
violentand revolutionary remedies. It is as false
as it is wicked to say that any such revolut ionary
remedies are justified by the present condition of
any of those questions iio"W before the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, the hour for discussion has
lican elected to this body. [Cries of " Name
him!" "Name him!3'] Name him1 why, sir, j
not to know him bespeaks yourselves unknown, j
[Laughter.] Of course I refer to "Francis P. Blair, j
] of Missouri. |
This work will go on, it will progress, and |
continue until this body, and the Senate, and the !
Executive shallMbQ.reformed, and our nation re- I
deemed fiom thrairse of human bondage. To ,
hasten that work which is now advancing with j
rapid strides, I propose to adhere to our proviso—
to adhere to it here and elsewhere, now and
forever.
Mr. Speaker, I have only touched upon some
down the basis upon which I founded the motion, j
that the House adhere to their determination to j
give no money for subduing Kansas, and why i
we should adhere irrevocably to the position we ;
have taken. )
I will now gratify gentlemen upon the other I
side of the House by detaining them lio longer 1
than to demand the previous question. ^ j
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his demand for a few moments, and 1
will renew it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to reply to the request
of the gentleman, but before I do so I will make
The SPEAKER.
Mr. GIDDINGS
That is hardly in order.
I will simply say, thai I
myself have been restrained by this previous |j passed—the time for action has come; and the
J i t ■ ,  r I'  i.lw.v l-i f  cj ntrnn vr il trt npf.
question for nearly twenty years, and in return I
now insist upon it. j
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman with- j
draw the previous question for a moment ? I am a i
member of the committee of conference, and desire I
to make a few remarks. |
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot resist these appeals, |
and 1 withdraw it. ]
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I was ap- j
pointed, on behalf of this House, a member of I
this committee of conference on the Army_ ap- (
propriation bill; but I did not act; for I received
no notification of my appointment until a few :
moments ago, and then only casually, and not j
until after the committee had reached the conclu-
sions which its chairman, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddjn'c;s,"| has just announced to the
House, and not until that committee had returned
from its conference, and was ready to make its
tonlv and traitorously torn from her people. Sir,
we Republicans were sent here for this express Ij VmniNGS t (iyn,ain whv the-en-
purpose. The people expect us to do it, as far j _ Mr. GIDDLM.rb. 1 \viiw xpiain wny uieni
as we have power. And if we hesitate, and fal
ter, and quail, before executive power, we shall j
prove ourselves unequal to the occasion. ,[
Sir, a few Democrats from our free States have 11
been returned to this body. I believe they were
Generally elected as anti-Nebraska men, and 1 am i
curious to see how they will vote on this occasion. ;
Will they return to tl'ieir people, and say it was ^
just and"right to apply the funds earned by their
toil to subdue the people of KansaSP-to compel j
them to submit to slavery, and to the laws of
which I have spoken ^ I Jo nut believe they |
will do this. They will rather attempt, as some |
have already endeavored, to charge the Repub- :
hcans with defeating this bill, when every Repub- ,
lican has voted for it on every occasion since its .
introduction, and every Democrat has voted
against i , and it is already ill danger of defeat i
from Democratic opposition, which has delayed !
it until we are already in the expiring hours of [
the session,and still the Senate refuses to permit j
the bill to pass unless we will leave out the pro- i
vise prohibiting its expenditure in murdering the ,
tleman was not consulted. "When 1 was informed
that I was appointed upon the committee, 1 called
upon the Doorkeeper, and we both looked through
the House for the gentleman from Virginia, but
we were unable to find him. I do not hesitate
to say that he was not in his seat at that time. I
left -word with the Doorkeeper to inform lnm that
the committee were in meeting m the room of the
Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate.
Mr. FAULKNER. I did not refer to this fact
member from Ohio has called upon you to act
only as the merest frenzy ol fanaticism would
urge upon your adoption. That member, acting
as the chairman of the conference committee, and
clothed with the representative power of his party,
after a most exciting appeal to the passions of his
colaborers oil this floor, has closed his remarks
by a motion to adhere—a motion which all ac-
quainted with parliamentary law know will, if
sustained, terminate all further conference on this
bill, and lead to its inevitable loss. I repeat it,
he has deliberately selected that motion which,
if sustained by his party, will, as every member
knows, lead to the loss of the bill. And what
will be the necessary consequences of the loss of
this bill ? Your Army, being wholly unprovided
for, must, of course be disbanded, and your fron-
tier settlements left to the savage barbarities of
Indian warfare; your national armories, arsenals,
and military work-shops, will be closed, and thou-
sands of honest and laborious mechanics thrown,
with their families, upou the charity of the world.
1 need not go overall the disastrous consequences
to settlement, to labor, to commerce, and to the
currency that would flow from tins reckless and
besotted movement. Every member can readily
comprehend and appreciate them himself.
Mr. Speaker, I trust the party friends of the
"■entleman from Ohio will pause and reflect before
they rush with lnm into this rash and violent pro-
ceedinf. They might follow better, if not older
" The determination to adhere in disa-
to cast any censure upon the m mbcr from Ohio, ' counsels. The « : Vwivs re-
uoon any other person. My presence or ab: :
or upon any other prrson. My pre
nil that committee '.vtvs i\ very itnuia.teria.1 ,■ •->-<-~ —-  . ^ ■,
it ^  1 i !i nmvidfis that the motion to recede, when sub
mi"-ht stand acquitted before
tions of that committee. '
Mr. Speaker? if the late hour of the night ana
their course, and of bringing this protracted con-
troversy to a close in accordance with the best
interests of the country, I move that this House
recede from its amendment, and concur in the
