mm-
TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August I6y
amendment of the Senate; and I ask for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] to withdraw
Ms demand for the previous question. I submit
that'a brief hearing is due to me.
Mr. FAULKNER withdrew the demand.
. Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, we are evi-
dently approaching a crisis in reference to this
important appropriation bill. In the few remarks
I have-to submit, I ask the calm attention of the
House, I shall speak dispassionately and tem-
perately, yet, 1 trust, with becoming firmness.
What is the difficulty? What is the objection
which the Senate, and gentlemen upon the oppo-
site side.of the Hall, present to the final passage
of the bill? It is the proviso which I assert docs
nothing more than declare or reenact an acknowl-
edged provision of the Constitution. That is all.
When I reported this bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means in March last, it was in strict
accordance with our rules, which prohibit inde-
pendentlegislationin the appropriation bills. The
committee had excluded everything which did
not legitimately pertain to the appropriation of
money necessary to carry into effect existing
laws. The House will bear me witness that, as
chairman, I have uniformly resisted every effort,
whether made by friend or opponent, to ingraft
upon appropriation bills extraneous acts of legis-
lation. But, sir, what is our present condition?
Here we are, fatigued by a sitting of seventeen
hours. It is near four o'clock, and the rays of a
Sabbath morning's light are breaking upon us.
Mfhy will the Senate not allow the passage of
this bill? Its proviso is as harmless as the'Con-
stitution. I have no disposition to speak in hai sh
or disrespectful language of the action of the Sen-
ate; but wearied as I am, I will speak in vindi-
cation of the rights, the dignity, the integrity,
and the independence, of the popular branch of
the National Legislature—the House of Repre-
sentatives.
I have just heard, that during this night's .ses-
sion, an honorable Senator has asserted in sub-
stance, that that body could conquer the House
in the struggle over the Kansas proviso to the
civil appropriation bj|l, because it contained an
item to pay for the books voted to new members.
Since this assertion has been made, this House
has wiped away that aspersion by striking from
the bill that item in which many of its members
had a personal interest. Besides, in its anxiety
to carry on the Government, it yielded to the
Senate on the contested Kansas proviso. That
bill now awaits only the signature of the Presi-
dent to become n law, stripped of the appropria-
tion for books and of all other features objection-
able to the Senate. Why, therefore, shall not
the Senate, under the circumstances, he made to
feel, in the struggle over this bill, the independence
and power of the House ? Or shall we be forced
to return to our people and tell them, that when
wearied and worn out by toil, we yielded all
the power of legislation to the Senate ? Sir, I say
that this House having taken its stand upon two
bills, and having yielded every tlnng to the Senate
in one of them, cannot, in my judgment, without
a sacrifice of its dignity and'independence, yield
upon the other. 1 regret that members have
deemed it proper to force upon the se lulls the
provisions which should have been regarded as
the subject-matter of bills disconnected with ap-
propriations; but the ensis is upon lis. and but a
few hours of the session aie left. As a coord-
inate branch of the Le^islatuie we must either
maintain orsacrifi.ee its dignity and its just rights.
The House has, in its action an hour ago, yielded
everything; the Senate yields nothing m return.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Will tlie gentle-
man allow me to him a question?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, if it he pertinent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I fhnik it is. The gen-
tleman remarks that the House has yielded the
subject of these provisoes, 111 regard to Kansas,
upon the other bill. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him how many members of his party-
voted to recede ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not speak of parties.
The record will show that. I have not time now,
to read over the list of yeas and nays. My point
is, that the House did yield everything to secure
the passage of that bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I think not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I speak of the House as
a body; and I place its action on this question,
and disposition to harmonize with the Senate to
secure the passage of the bill, in comparison with
that of the Senate before the country.
This body, Mr. Speaker, is the popular branch
of the National Legislature. It springs directly
from the people, and it has, in my judgment,
yielded all it should yield. It is time that we
should assert our rigfots. We propose nothing
in the bill that is improper in itself. It is charged
that we are trying to withhold the necessary
support of the Army. What is the proviso that
is objectionable to the Senate? It provides that
the Army shall not be used by the President of
the United States to enforce the pretended laws
of Kansas. I will not stop to discuss the very
exciting topic, as to whether these laws are valid
or void. We have abundant, evidence tending to
prove, at least, that the Assembly which made
them was not properly organized under the fun-
damental law which Congress gave to the people
of that Territory, and, therefore, that its enact-
ments are fraudulent and void. But admit, for
the sake of the argument, that the proceedings
were all proper—in strict accordance with the
law; that the Legislature was propeily elected;
thatall its proceedings were lawful; and that there
is nothing on the pretended statute-book of Kan-
sas that is tainted with fraud: and T ask gentle-
men who are strict constructionists—especially
those who assert the great doctrine of State rights
—the followers of the great Calhoun, to answer
me this question: Where do you find the power
in the Constitution which authorizes the Ex-
ecutive of the General Government to use the
Federal troops for the puipose of executing the
laws of any State or Territory, except in case of
insurrection ? I hold that it would be a usurp-
ation of executive power to use the troops of the
Federal Government for the purpose of enforcing
the Jaws of any State. There is no State in this
Union which would tolerate its exercise.
if this position be correct what is there of harm
in the proviso? Nothing, sir, nothing. YV"hy,
then, do the Senate, and gentlemen, and the op-
posite side of this House, stand out for the defeat
of the Army appropriation bill upon a mere " ab-
straction?" Why " disband" (that is the word j
of the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Faulkner) ;
the Army—that great arm of your national de-
fense? Sir, if this bill be defeated, the responsi-
bility will not rest on my shoulders, norupon this
House of Representatives, now anxiously seeking
to pass it with its harmless proviso. If it be dc-
i feated, under these circumstances, lot the respons-
ibility fall upon the Senate ! There the country
■ will place it!
| We have sent American troops to the field;
! fifteen or sixteen thousand brave men are either
! under or subject to marching orders in various
' partsofourgrentConfederaey, todefend,ifneces-
i sary, on fields of blood and death, the stars and
| stripes. Muny have crossed the plains, making
> the toilsome march to the far off frontier of the
: Pacific,. There they meet death in defense of the
, hardy pioneer and his helpless children from the
{ scalping knife of the relentless and cruel savage !
i Wo have required this of the American soldier,
| and yet have provided no means to pay for his
j service, or his coarse food and clothing, since the
j.'Hlth of June. Senators and members of this
! House can run through all the machinery of legis-
I lation in hot haste—our bills for additional com-
! pensation, for books, for the comforts of con-
gressional life—and yet repudiate the payment of
i the pittance due the soldier, and withhold from
jj him his "poik and beans" for lio better reason
ji than that the bill contains a clause which recites
I or reenaets an acknowledged provision of the
j Constitution !
j Sir, what of principle will gentlemen who
| pursue this course sacrifice by the passage of
I tins bill in its present form ? Nothing, absolutely
[ nothing.
I did not rise to speak of personal sacrifices or
individual wrongs. I might be justified in speak-
ing of mine., Gentlemen on every side know that
I have sacrificed something to save these bills,
and furnish means to carry on the various
branches of the public service. On many occa-
sions, I have separated from, and battled against,
those with whom I have acted as a politician, and !
I have heard and read anathemas pronounced i
against my action. Such sacrifices are due to
one's country; and may 1 not appeal to the
patriotism of the friends of the Administration in
the Senate and in this House to yield a little, and
pass this bill to feed and clothe the Army?
I do not appeal as a partisan. However ardent
my feelings upon the party or sectional issues
which divide us, I speak in no spirit of party.
The occasion is too momentous, the morning too
sacred, to justify a partisan speech. My appeal isr
in behalf of our country—our whole countnj—and
for those whose lives are pledged to its service.
Mr. Speaker, my service on the Committee of
Ways and Means draws rapidly to a close.
Whatever the embarrassments of my position*
no reasonable effort on my part shall be spared
to save this bill. Its fate may depend upon the
action which will result from the motion I now
submit. If it is defeated, I desire the record of
this House to testify to the country that the fault
is not in any want of effort on my part. I there-
fore move that the House further insist upon its
amendment, and that a third committee of con-
ference be appointed; and on that motion demand
the previous question.
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, whether he did not, a moment
ago, state that the amendment about which the
two Houses now differ in relation to this matter
was a mere abstraction?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe that I did Gay
that the action of the Senate seemed to indicate
a purpose to defeat the bill on an abstraction.
Mr. McMULLlN. If it is a mere abstraction,
then why will not the gentleman and his friends
allow it to be stricken out?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The majority of the House
regarded these provisoes otherwise, yet they
yielded to the Senate on the other bill. It now
becomes a question whether the Senate shall dic-
tate the terms of legislation—asking everything
and giving nothing. I would support the rights
and dignity of the House under such circum-
stances, even on an " abstraction." The gentle-
man seems to act upon the principles of Virginia
exaction, which requires all the yielding to come
from one side. I can tell the gentleman that, if
he expects me to yield everything, and come in
every particular to his standard, or to submit to
all the requirements of the Senate, in this matter,
he asks too much. I will not do it.
Mr. McMULLlN. I merely desire to say, in
reply, that if I regarded this amendment as a
mere abstraction, 1 would yield at once; but I
regard it as involving a vital principle, and, there-
fore, I cannot yield, i regard it as a usurpation
by the legislative department of the functions of
the executive and judicial departments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As I have said, upon the
action of the House on the motion I have made,
depends the success of the bill. This amend-
ment is really only a repetition of a constitutional
principle with which every gentleman is familiar.
I see no reason why the bill should be lost by
reason of it. 1 submit the motion which I have
indicated, and demand the previous question.
Mr. OUR. 1 ask the gentleman to allow me
to make a single remark. I will renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Ohio withdraws the demand for the
previous question, I shall ask to be heard upon
the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I will not open the
door to further debate after so long a session.
I may as well say to the gentleman from South
Carolina, that yesterday, when, on his motion,
an important measure (the compensation bill)
was brought before the House, I desired, by way
of settling Jj^se difficulties in Kansas, to submit
an amendrrcflnt, and he would not allow me 
[Cries of " Order !" u Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
unless the gentleman withdraws his demand foi
the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that, if he will sub-
mit the motion that the House insist and ask a
committee of conference, it will then take prece-
dence of the motion of his colleague [Mr. Gii 
xhvgs] that the House adhere.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; I will suhmn
my motion in that form.
