1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
of the "scanty products" of South Carolina.
£et me say that South Carolina has sent sons
enough to Tennessee, and has done enough
already to entitle her to gratitude from her chil-
dren. If Tennessee could notsend her hogs,and
horses, and mules, to market in South Carolina, I
do not know what would become of her. [Laugh-
ter.] The amount of it is that we give them
money for their meat and bread, and they take
our cotton and rice in exchange. This, however,
has nothing to do with the present question. The
Senatorfrom Tennessee—half playfully and half
earnestly, I hardly know how to take him—has
spoken of our scanty products. Let me tell him
that South Carolina has produced enough in her
lifetime to buy Tennessee. If Tennessee were
put up at auction now, she could buy Tennessee
out and out. She has enough to do it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Where is it?
Mr. BUTLER. We have distributed it; we
have given a great deal away.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not think that
the means to buy Tennessee are now in South
Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. I was not in the Senate Cham-
ber when the particular point introduced by the
Senator from Tennessee was under discussion,
and, therefore, do not understand exactly the
questions which have been made between him
and the Senator who was speaking, [Mr. Mason.]
My distinct proposition is this: I do not believe
that the Constitution has conferred upon Con-
gress power to regulate commerce by cutting
canals or deepening harbors. If such a power
were conferred, I believe it could not be exercised
with equality; because, if commerce is to be regu-
lated by money, that money must be distributed
by the discretion and judgment, and wisdom if
you please, of the prevailing opinion of the day.
One would give it to one place to-day, and to
another to-morrow. With these general views,
(although my own State may be interested, to
some extent, as I think the improvement of the
harbor of Charleston is, in an eminent degree
and on many accounts, entitled, perhaps, to come
within the purview of a regulation of commerce,
as far as it affects the world through the ocean,)
I cannot vote to give $50,000 for her, without
subjecting myself to the necessity, and obligation,
indeed, of voting, according to my opinion, such
sums as will subserve the ends of commerce in
other parts of the United States—that would be
unequal.
An appropriation was made, at a former year,
for Charleston harbor. The amendment to include
it was put by me into the hands of my friend, Mr.
Badger, of .North Carolina, who hau no difficulty
on ihe subject; and 1 prcsumr my friend from
Tennessee hai as little. I saw, at Ihe present
session, that bills wore introduced from many
States. I knew that Tennessee had such leialions
to South Carolina that she was deeply interested
in our commeieo. Oil this account 1 suggested
to the Senator from Tennessee that, as i could
not, consistently with my views of the Consti-
tution which I have heretofore expressed on this
floor, vote for such an appropriation, ho might
be a properperson to introduce abill for that pur-
pose. On his responsibility he has introduced it.
Mr. MASON. If the gentlemen from Ten-
nessee and South Carolina have terminated their
colloquy, I should be gratified to be avowed to
conclude what I have to say. 1 understood the
ground taken by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee to be, that the federal Government
had authority, derived from the Constitution, to
expend this money in the harbor of Charleston
to improve it, against the State of South Caro-
lina, in invilwn; and the reason alleged why he
brought it in was, because the commerce of his
own State of Tennessee was interested in the
condition of that harbor. That is one test of the
proposition. ^ If, because the State of Tennessee
intciested in the commerce of Charleston har-
bor, the Federal Government has the power to
deepen that harbor, to accommodate the -wants
of the commerce of Tennessee, then, I suppose,
the State of South Carolina is under some con-
stitutional obligation to receive the inland com-
merce of Tennessee, whether she will or not. I
ask the Senator, whether it is not competent to
the State of South Carolina to discontinue all
connection with Tennessee by means of those
railroads which bring the commerce of Tennessee
into the harbor of Charleston ? Certainly she can
do it, in regard to all those artificial channels of
communication upon which that intercourse de-
pends. And yet, although she may refuse to
receive the commerce of Tennessee through these
artificial channels, the Government has a right to
expend the public money to improve the harbor
of Charleston for the ^purpose of receiving it 1
This is the argument, as I understand it. 1 was
struck with the fact, that in this general list there
was only the sum of $50,000 for deepening the
harbor at Charleston, and I was satisfied that it
had not been put there by either of the Senators
from South Carolina, who I think will vote
against it. For this reason I alluded to it.
Mr. President, I still look upon the States of
this Union as independent and sovereign com-
munities. I conceive that the work of our ances-
tors in framing this Government left them wisely
as sovereign communities; that they are the best
judges of their own interests and their own
policy; and it will be an evil day for this country,
and for the people of this country, when any por-
tion of that sovereignty shall be delegated to the
Federal arm. It shall never be done by vote of
mine.
The question immediately before us, sir, is
whether this bill shall be passed against the veto
of the President? We know that those States of
the Confederacy who form a minority are those
States of the Confederacy where powers of this
character are chiefly denied; and we must look to
the veto power as the great conservative of the
rights of the minority against a majority, which,
like all other majorities, is very careless of the
restraints of power if it but derives advantage
from the administration of it. Sir, what is the
Constitution? Jt is the only shield between a
powerless minority and an irresponsible major-
ity. We of the southern States have nothing to
look to but the Constitution, especially standing,
as we do, in a minority, existing, and very likely
to continue. To refuse to sustain the President
in this veto would be to refuse to sustain the
great conservative power to which alone a minor-
ity can look against the acts of a majority, and a
lawless and iiresponsible majority. I do not
speak of it as a lawless mid irresponsible majority
ill reference to this particular measure—very far
from it. I do not mean to question in any way
the judgment of hoilorable Senators on the other
side, but I speak of it as a measure of power—
Federal power.
We must look now to the veto of the President
as the only protection which is left to the Con-
stitution against lawless power in a majority. A
constitution on paper is a modern invention, and
it is tried for the first time on this continent and
amongst these States. What is it? It has been,
supposed to be a power superior to the popular
will. Mr. Jefferson has spoken of it, in strong
and emphatic language, as the chain which binds
down popular will, which is superior to'popular
will. It is the shield of the minority, and it is
intended for a minority alone. A majority do
not want a constitution; and we have found, I
think, in growing experience, that majorities are
careless of constitutional restrictions.
If, then, it shall be, as I humbly think, and as
I have endeavored feebly to establish, that this
power is not among the granted powers, that it
is not a derivative power, that no Senator has
attempted directly to connect it with any parent
stock, and show that it is derivative, it is a power
which will be lawlessly exercised; and I feel, for
one, as the representative of one of the States,
under obligations to the President for having
exercised the authority lodged in him by the
Constitution to protect the rights of the minority
against the majority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is: " Shall this bill
pass, the President's objections to the contrary
notwithstanding ? " Is the Senate ready for that
question ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I think, in the present very
thin state of the Senate, that it would not be
proper to take the vote on so important a ques-
tion as this. There is scarcely a quorum present
now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will suggest to my col-
league that I think there are a number of Sena-
tors in the lobby and ante-room who will come in
if they are sent for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the yeas and nays must be taken according
to the Constitution. Senators who are in favor
of the passage of the bill, notwithstanding the
President's objections, will, as your names are
called, answer "yea " 
Mr. CASS. Before the vote is taken 1 desire
to say something on this subject, but til/! hour is
now late. My iriend from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] who has argued the subject with great
ability, has rather challenged us to give him a
reason for the faith that is in us, and I desire to
give it; but it is rather late now, and I do not
wish to speak to the Senate when they do not
wish to hear; they are tired.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until such time
as will suit the Senator's convenience. Will he
say to-morrow?
Mr. CASS. I am willing to go on to-morrow,
though I think the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana is very correct that there
ought to be a full Senate when this question is
settled. I think we owe that to the President,
and to the country. We know there is very good
reason why seven or eight Senators are not now
in the city.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
be prepared to speak to-morrow, I suggest to him
that we can postpone this subject until that time.
I think it will be very desirable to take the vote
in a full Senate. As the honorable Senator has
the floor, I will move to postpone the subject until
to-morrow if he will then go on.
Mr. CASS. If it is thought best to proceed
to-morrow, I have no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I moveto postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I think it exceedingly doubt-
ful, unless we postpone this question for ten or
fifteen days at least, that we shall have a fuller
Senate than we have to-day. For reasons which
every Senator understands, many members have
gone from the Senate Chamber.
Mr. SEWARD. We propose to take the
question to-morrow, if we can.
Several Senators. Take it now.
Mr. BROWN. I think we can get as full a
Senate to-day as to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. But the Senator from Mich-
igan desires to speak on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the postponement till to-morrow.
On a division there were—ayes 16, noes 14.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to ask a question in this
connection which has not been decided by the
Senate to my knowledge. Is it understood that
it requires a vote of two thirds of the Senators
present, or two thirds of the whole number, to
overrule the executive veto ?
Mr. SEWARD. Two thirds of the Senators
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was no
quorum voting on the postponement.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Ihe motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 28, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo
Til e Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
- The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was reports from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
INTRODUCTION OP BILLS.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the benefit of Thomas
P. Dudley; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. CLINGMAN, by unanimous consent,
reported back, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, a bill for the relief of Doctor James
Morrow; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bills; which were seve-
