588
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
would be willing to vouch for as cases of flagrant
injustice, where men, competent in point of intel-
lect—competent, so far as I am informed, in pro-
fessional skill—competent in honor-^competent
in courage, and in everything else that constitutes
the man and the sailor, have been displaced; and
they are told, as a consolation, " Honor has been
done you by the action of the board; you do
wrong altogether to consider it as a degradation."
Sir, they know better. They appeal to you for
justice. They are now before you in memorials,
each and every one of them testifying to you that
he considers that he has been degraded and dis-
honored by the sentence passed upon him, and
that he is desirous of returning to those colors
under which, ns he believes, he has served hon-
orably heretofore. Is this dishonorable pride and-
ambition? Is it pride and ambition which you
would rebuke, much less crush ? No, sir; this
painful to their sensibilities! Why not extend
this humanity through the whole system of your
jurisprudence? Why not give this cheap mercy
to every malefactor, as well as to every officer?
Sir, this whole proceeding, in all its parts, is a
perversion of everything like justice, everything
i that is known to us in the form of justice admin-
I istered by law. There are men here who have
j been ejected from their places, who are just as
| competent and worthy to command as any of
| those who have been retained; and, without in-
tending to disparage the latter, I feel the most
perfect assurance that I am saying the truth, when
I declare that there are men among those disrated
and dismissed as capable of commanding, and on
whose courage in preserving the honor of their
: country as perfect reliance may be placed, as upon
any officer retained in the service. And if the
flag of the country should go to-morrow into any
would reouice, mucn less crusnr iio, sir; mis nag oi tne country should go to-morrow into any
proud professional spirit, which considers re- ij desperate battle, 1 could select more than a half
moval from his colors and from his command as dozen of the dismissed officers, who are known to
j roe, on whose ability, skill, courage, and readi-
i ness to.shed the last drop of their blood for their
! flag, I would rely as soon as upon the proudest
post captain on your list.
fatal a sentence as you can pronounce upon him,
is the life and soul of your Navy—it is that which
is to carry it to victory !
It is in vain to tell these men " there is no dis-
honor here." Each one knows best what his
own heart feels. It is in vain to tell the sufferer
"you are not sufFering." Nonecan better know
fris suffering than himself; he knows it, and the
Whole country believes it. You have alleged, as
the ground for his removal, the immorality of his
character, acts of his discreditable to him, per-
formed, of course, in past years of his lifetime.
All these, you inform him, were the subjects upon
which these officers were examined and dismissed.
Who was dismissed for this, or for that, you do
not tell him. That is one of the mysteries of this
transaction. No record is kept; all information
is refused when applied for; and you say that J
these men, thrown together, dismissed, and hurled
down in one common mass, were removed, some
for immorality, and some because they have been
worn out in the service of their country. They
I have already occupied more of thg time of the
Senate than I intended; yet there are still various
points of view on which 1 should desire to make
some remarks; but I pass them all by. The points
which I have endeavored to establish from the
law—the letter and the spirit of the law—evince
that the issue on which that board was to decide
w^s the capacity of the officer—no more. Not
an inch more of jurisdiction was given, nor could
it have been given without the grossest injustice.
No Congress of the United States would have
given a power to go further without, at the same
time, giving the party an opportunity to be heard.
The capacity of the officer was a question which
might be judged without the same necessity for
evidence that existed when the conduct of a party,
in transactions long past—a very different ques-
tion—was to be investigated and - decided upon.
 ii i  —, —. , ' j • * j —waa iu ue iuvesugaieu ana-decided upon.
are ail thrown together in this promiscuous heap. ,. The capacity of the officer is-all which they had
lhe honorable man must feel dishonored frnm I tn Ho/nda unsm A e a.*.    i .•
The honorable man must feel dishonored from
being associated, even in degradation, with those
who have been dismissed rightfully, if such there
be. How many you have dismissed on one score,
how many on another, none can tell. We only
know that, some for infamy, some for honor, these
various officers have been dismissed. They are
all put together—all removed from active service.
Is this no disgrace? I think it is. At best it
must carry anguish to the heart of an officer
who feels competent and is proud of his commis-
sion and his standard; he must feel it a dishonor
to have that commission taken from him against
his will. As for those who are willing, let them
be satisfied; but those who are unwillingly taken
from their standard and place, must feel it a deg-
radation and dishonor, or they would not be
worthy to wear their epaulets. They do not Igaow
for what they have been condemned.
Ah! here is another consolation which is offered
by the Secretary of the Navy. This proceeding,
it is said, was a merciful one! They complain
that their trial was in secret, and that they had no
opportunity of defense. The law did not require
ll> the Secrqjary, and therefore it was not ac- - lJlc
corded; and we are told^feat these officers ought to j power of dismissing i
consider it a favor that BRs proceeding was had in !' established the board.
secret. If the board had acted publicly, and on tes~ '' —*  •  
timony openly heard, it is said the whole world
would have known all their shame. Why not,
then, change all our criminal trials to this mode ?
. ®y not extend this mercy to the man whom you
intend to execute? Whv nofrtrv him in faor>ro#
to decide upon. As far as it appears from this
record, or from any revelation that has been
made by the Navy Department, or by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, not a solitary man has
been withdrawn from the service and placed
upon the reserved list for incapacity. The only
issue which the board were to decide is the only
issue which they have not decided in any solitary
case, that I can learn from the records; and I
take it that this is about as extraordinary an in-
stance of aberration from its jurisdiction as any
court ever committed. The only jurisdiction
which they had has been exercised in no case.
If any man has been dismissed for incapacity,
it has not been revealed to us. For everything
else they have been dismissed; but for that for
which alone they could be lawfully dismissed,
none have been dismissed—and two hundred and
one officers have been stricken from the service!
Sir, was ever such -a gash made in a military
corps by brother officers? For what was this
board created Congress, who have power to
make rules for the government and regulation of
the Navy, not willing, perhaps, to trust to the
, , . - Why not try him in secret,
and convert him to this secrecy of his trial by
telling him, " How much better it is that you
.... ,   For what purpose? As
a shield to their brother officers. The President
could not know the officers of the Navy; he could
not have towards them that fraternal feeling which
it was supposed a board of their brother officers
would have. They were to be their shield, and
were interposed as a shield; but under some
strange delusion as to the meaning of the law,
under the influence of some strange instruction
given to them, under some strange hallucination
in public! How miirh S" h % , lne°1.' unaer some strange hallucination
tenced to be degraded and t*k5n V™" f"' ! uB.on th® subject, they themselves have stricken
on secret testimfrvin^rPt^ °m y°VrPlac,° off two hundred and one of their brother officers
you be n^t ore sent th^n Lf h068'even ' out of seven hundred-a hecatomb slain by a
where you could defend voursllf& 1 * single dash of the pen. Sir, the proscription of
 ul.'i  , an. the pro- C®sar, Lepidus, and Antony, was not more than
thlfl in tlio onmnoMcmM t*   * * 
1 , /uuiocu, ajiu me pro-
ceedings of which would be known to the world!''
It is this public trial which these officers want
Does the gentleman from Florida intend to rec-
ommend secret trials generally as humane and
kind to the accused ? He will not even put them
to the pain of sitting by and hearing themselves
accused by the witnesses. Oh! it would be too
this in the comparison. It is the most extraor-
dinary instance of such a thing on record; nothing
approaches it. This is my sincere judgment.
In saying this I confine my remarks to what
nas been done; I speak not of those who did it.
1 have an inflexible and immovable opinion in
respect to some of those officers who are known
to me as men of honor and of justice incorrupti-
ble. I am willing to believe, and do believe, that
they erred; but such an error, so bloody, so pre-
scriptive as in its effects it is! This was not the
spirit of the board, but this is the operation and
effect of the judgment which they gave. I can-
not believe tnat that proud Navy of the United
States which has done so much for the country 
which has covered the ocean with a blaze of glory
and spread our fame and honor everywhere among
the military Powers of the world, has mortified
and been corrupted to the extent which the immo-
lation of two hundred and one of its officers neces-
sarily seems to testify. That in the course of
time men may come into the service who are
undeserving, and that in the lapse of years the
deserving may become unfit for service, 1 can
readily believe; but that at this time, at this early*
day of the Republic, this proud day, this age of
a high military spirit, of a high naval ambition,
there could nave been these many men who
deserved thus to be stricken down, I cannot
believe.
I know that we have heard here and there a
Secretary of the Navy recommending some sort
of reform, as the report of the committee shows,
and many more have recommended a reorganiza-
tion of the Navy. But a reorganization of the
Navy does not necessarily embrace a declaration
that the officers of your Navy have become an
incapable, pusillanimous, worthless set. That
would require something more than a reorgani-
zation. You would not reorganize such materials;
they would not be worth it. But the gentleman
who makes the report from the committee [Mr.
M allory] seems to think that every recommend-
ation to reorganize the Navy is an acknowledg-
ment that officers of the Navy have become
incapable and inefficient. It is no such thing;
such an inference could not have been intended;
for in general these officers have never been
spoken of otherwise than in the highest terms of
commendation. You cannot have a ship now
returning, and you have not had a ship return at
any time within this period of decline and corrup-
tion, that the commander, on arriving at home,
is not saluted with a letter from the "Department
thanking him and commending the fidelity and
ability of his services. Show me an instance to .
the contrary. When was there such ?
Mr. MALLORY. If that question is addressed
to me, I say at once that it is within my power to
show numerous instances to the contrary. Often,
when an officer has returned from his cruise,
he has been court-martialed and suspended from
the service for years. There are numerous in-
stances of that kind. Therefore I said yesterday
(though I did not mention individual cases) that
1 might produce a cartlead of such cases founded
on evidence in the Navy Department.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This transaction is of
a character which, as regards the officers dis-
missed, does not leave us much room for those
nice delicacies that otherwise might be appropriate
when "the characters of gentlemen are spoken of.
There has been no delicacy In regard to those
officers who have been dismissed. Commodore
Jones is one of those returning officers, I know,
who has been brought to trial, and who has been
found to have violated some duty, and has suf-
fered for it.
Mr. MALLORY. I had no allusion to that
case at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know that there have
been such cases as the gentleman has alluded to;
but I speak in the general.
1 wish for a moment to bring to the attention
of my friend from Florida another statement
which I understand he has made this morning.
He said, 1 believe, that it was necessary to get
rid of these men who were incompetent, because
as long as they remained in the service the Sec-
retary was bound to give them their place in the
duty required of them by the country—that they
must be put in the commands appropriate to
their rank.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Did not the gentleman
say that according to their rank they must bo
employed by the Navy Department while they
remained in the service? Surely I understood
him to say that.
