1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21M
Mr. ►SMITH, of Vii&inia. What has become
of the motion of my colleague, [Mr. Faclkjcer?]
The .SPKAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia mode the motion that the House recede; the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gii>ding«] moved that
the ITou.su adhere; and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Camj'bcix] moved that the House insist.
The question will first be taken upon the motion
that the House recede, and then upon the motion
that the House insist.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion that the House reccde.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Morgan, were appointed.
The (juration was taken; anu the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 85.
Mr. PELTON (at twenty minutes past three
o'clock, a. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to recede.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 86; as follows:
Y11AS—Aiken. Baikfdale, Ilendley S. Bennett, j
Boufk, Bowie, Boyee. Humc-h, Brooks, Bloom, Burnett, '
Cadwalader, Ca-kie", rimgman, Howell Cobb, Wiiham-on '
It. \\\ Cobb. Ciaisro. Cullon, Henry Winter Davis-, l)uny< r, ;
Dow dell. EdinuwUon, Cu^u>, Evans, Faulkner, Florenee,
Hemv .M. Kuilei, Thonia-J. F). Fuller, Goode, Grern-
wood, J. )lniiM,n H<uu&, Thomas li. Hani^, Il,i\t_n,
Ilftli.'rT, 11 ifk'Miin. Hoffman. Hou-ton, G"or<je W. Jone-.
J. Glanev Jone>, Kelly, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkuu Alexan- '
dor K. Marshall, Humphrey .Marshall, Samuel S. ^Tai^hall.
Ma.wvt-11, McMnllm, McQueen, Mill-on, Mordecai Oliver
Oir, Puck, Phelps, Powell. Pur>oar, Quitman. Iticaud,
Rivei.-, ilutfin. Itu-t, Handidge, Savane, Seward, Samuel i
A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, •
Thur&ton, Tnppe, Ty«-on, Underwood, VaiJ, Walker, !
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams. Wm.«-low, Daniel B. Wright, I
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer— 82. ' [
N"AYS~Messi>. Ball, llenry Bennett, Benton, Billing- [
hurst. Bi-hop, Uh^, Biad-diaw, ftrenton, Buffinton,.fames |
II. Campbell, Lewis 1>. Campbell, Chatfce, Ezra Claik, !
Clawson, Colfax, Coinm«, Covode, Cuwback, Darnrell,
Timothy JJavi-, Dean, I)iek<on, j)odd, Durfee, Edie, Em- 1
ne. Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, (irangej. Glow, !
Roheit 1>. Hall, Hailan, Hollowav, Thomas R. Iloiron, j
\alrntine B. Horton, Howard. llugh?ton, K<jl-ey, Knur,
Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Kik-y. KunkPl, Lcittr, Matte
eon. Me(\niy. Kiillan Millei, Millwani, Moore. Moilmh,
Mmiill. Moti, Mutray. \iehoK Notion, Andiew Oliver,
ParMM. Pearee, Pelton. P< nnmgfoii. Pern , IVttu, Pontile, ■
Robcit-, Sage, S.ipp, Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tap- |
t an, Tnunngron, Todd. Wade, Wakemau, WaJlindj^,
WalduiM. CadwaUhn C. Wa-hlmme.Eliiia B. Wa-jhhtune,
i~!iU'i W.i-htiuin, Wclch, Wood, Woodrutf. and Wood-
t-u. ,
So the House refused to recede from its dis- 1
a^iTTiivnt.
Mr. WHEELER (at twenty minutes before
four o'clock, a. m.,) moved that the IIouso ad-
journ.
Th(? motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Camp- 1
bci.lA motion that the House insist, and ask for
a further conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Army bill.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGES FROM THE SENATE.
While the above bill was under consideration,
A mnsssAEe was received from the Senate, by i
A sktrv Dickie, their Secretaiv, informing1 the
House that that body had passed an act (S. No.
460) for fulfilling the stipulations of the treaty ,
with th'* Creek and Seminole Indians of the Kith
of August, 1856. ^
A message was also received from the Senate, by
A sbijrv Dickixs, their Secretary, infoiming the
Hounc that that body had passed, without omend-
mmt, a bill (il. ft. No. 316) making appropria-
tions for the transportation of the United States
mod, by ocean steamers and otherwise, during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1«57.
Ame^aV was also received from the Senate.by
Mr. I)u kiVs. their Secretary, annmineinfr that
the Senate insist upon their amendments to the
bill making appropriations for certain civil ex-
j.-mses of the CiOM-rnment for the year ending
June 30, 1657. and ask a committee of conference
upon the disa^ieomg votes of tiie two Houses
upon the said lull. " ;
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL  RE-
PORT OF COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE. ;
Mr. H1LLINGHURST. I rise to a privileged
q lotion The committee of conference on the
(^agreeing votes of the two Houses to the bill ;
of 'be House (No. 315) making: ^ppropnations '
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
have met, and, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend that the House agree to the
following amendments of the Senate: sections
three, four, six,seven,eight, nine, ten,and eleven;
and that the Senate recede from the following
amendments: sections five, twelve, thirteen,four-
teen, and fifteen.
The Senate have reported fifteen amendments
to this bill in the shape of additional sections.
The third section, from the disagreemcntto which
the committee recommend the House to recede,
makes an appropriation of $500,000 for the pur-
chase of a site, and the erection or preparation
of the necessary building for the post office in the
city of New York. This is in pursuance of ex-
isting law.
^ The fourth section, to which the House agrees,
is for continuing the usual compensation to the
clerks in the city post office of this city for one
year. It is in these words:
See. 4. %.ind !c itjurther enactfd% That the fourth sr-ction
of the art or' Con-ire^s, approved 5th of Au^m, j>7)4. en-
titled An a<:t making appiopri,itioii> fur the ^<*t% u o of the
Po-t Oihre Oepfirtnieiit during the fw-.i! year I'lidmir the
30th of June. ltfo.V b<-. and the same is hereby, continued
to: one ve.u ironi Au<fu^to, lSoti.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment continues
the increased compensation up to the termination
of his leguldr contract. When does that take
place ?
Mr. PHELPS. June 30, 1858.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. The next amend-
ment which the committee recommend that the
House shall recede from its disagreement to is as
follows:
Sec. 9. JJnd he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to pay to George H. Giddings.
contractor for cartymg the mail on route No. 12900, f/om
Santa Fe, jVcw Mexico, to San Antonio, Texas, monthly
each way, according to the contract under which said ser-
vice is now being performed, the sum of $33,500 for each
year's service, commencing with the 18th day of August,
J855, and continue dm m« his contract: Provided, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, authorized to annul
said contract on giving three months' notice to said con-
tractor.
A bill for the same purpose passed this House;
but, instead of passing the bill, the Senate made
this amendment:
Sno. 10. rfnil be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting othu-r-: of the Po^t Office Department bo, and they
hereby, authorized and required to execute the joint
resolution foi the relief of Seth M. .Leavenworth, now de-
ceased, appioved the 6th day of August, J 846 ; and that the
amount found due should be paid lus lecal representatives
out of any money in the Treasury not othei wise appropria-
ble report of the committee is, that the House IS ted'
recede from its disagreement to this amendment.
The matter is referred to the proper Department !
to be adjudicated on principles of equity and !
justice. !
7. %,ii)d he it further encrrtcd. TnattheFn?t Comp- !
troller of the Tiea-my he. and he i- hereby, re<;un''d to ad- \
ju-t the damages due to Edward A. Caimu-k and Alh-'it C. j
Rain?- iy, on account of the abrogation, by the Po^mia.ner I
Geneial, of then eontiaet to cany the mad on Vera Ciuz, !
Acapulco. and s?an Francisco route, dated the 35th Feb-
Tliis amendment executes a law on the statute-
book which gentlemen of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, who have examined
the subject, assure us ou ht to be executed. The
committee recommend that the House recede from
its disagreement to the amendment.
The Senate recedes from the amendment ex-
tending the iaw concerning- preemptions to mail
contractors west of the Mississippi, to mailcon-
ruary, 1^53; to adjudge and avvaid to them, according to |J tractors in Minnesota, east of that river; and also
the piincip!'.*^ of law, equity, and jui-tiee, the amount e-o
found due ; and the Secretary of the Tica>ury j- hereby re-
quued to [)a\ the same to the *aid Carrnick and R«im -ey, out
of any money .s in the Treasury riot othei wise appiojmated.
The Postmaster General entered intoa contract
with these parties, subject to the approval of Con-
gress, that they should carry the mail from Vera
Cruz to Ban Francisco within a period of fourteen
days. It was an experiment, and it wys not
known thnt the mail could be carried between
those points in the time fixed. These parties, at,
great exjier.se, made ali the arrangements, and
were enabled to carry the mail in thirteen days.
When Congress met, the Postmaster General did
not,as I understand these claimants, make a prop-
er representation of their ease, and no notice was
tak*n of it; and after the adjournment, or while
Congress was m session, the contract was termin-
ated, throwing upon their hands some ^cven
hundred mules and horses, together with the par-
aphernalia for the carriage of the mail on the
route. The section which I have read refers the.
subject to the decision of the proper Department,
on principles of law, equity, and justice, and the
committee recommend that the House recede from
its disagreement, which 1 think ought to be done.
Sec. s. Jindbc it further ena<tcd, That there he allowed
and paid to Jaeoh Hall, foi c.uaviuu the m.ul on icute N<>.
bQIO, fioin Independence to Santa Fe. $22,000 per annum,
instead of the fum nn winch he contracted, eommencih^;
Amoi t, an<l endmtr with iu> eontiaet; and the f-ame
shall be in fnl! ioi all the lo.-^e.-* hy hnn ,-Ui-tained m said
service, bv Indian depieiUtions or otherwise. This grant
ix made on tlie condition that the Po^tma.-terOm'ta! may,
at any time, on sivnis tlnee mouths' notice, ternunate the
contiact of raid Ball.
The committee also recommend that the House
recede from its disagreement to this amendment.
We weie advised by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads that they had unanimously
agreed to report in favor of tins case.
"Mr. HICKMAN. What is the contract price?
Mr, SAGE. The same as that allowed last
year.
Mr. HOUSTON". As I understand the amend-
ment, the contract is to be continued to us termin-
ation at this increased compensation. What was
the original compensation?
Mr. MACE. Ten thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. HOUSTON. The increase was given
during the last session on account of Indian dep-
redation s; but it was only to continue for one
year. Now, I would like to know how long the
contract has to run?
Mr. WALKER. It can be terminated by three
fiom amendments for a new project of carrying
the mail from some point on the Mississippi, to
be fixed by the Postmaster General, to California,
by mail coaches. The mail has to be semi-monthly,
and would cost half a million of dollars. I now
call for the previous question on the report of the
committee.
The pre\ious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, being upon
agreeing to the report of ^ic committee of con-
ference,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
! The yeay and nays were not ordered.
The report of th'-> committee \yas agreed to.
Air. BILLING-HURST moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to, and
also that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLION (atfouro'clock, a. m.) moved
that the IIousc adjourn.
The motion wns not agreed to.
The SPEAivKR. A motion to suspend the
rules, made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kvk,ht,1 is pending.
Mr. PHELPS. Itefoie that question is put, I
desire to say that a recent treaty with the Creeks
and Senunoles lias been ratified by the Senate—
yesterday or to-day—by which it becomes neces-
sary that an additional amount of money should
be appropriated.
Mr. KNIGHT. I do not yield the floor for
any such purpose.
Mr. CLENGMAN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Air. MILL WARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas Sb} nays 63; as foilowsj
YEAS—Mes^r*. Allium, Rail, Kark^iale, Henry Bennett,
Ihrtee, r aneh, liienton, Brook*, Burnett, Oaskie,
Ezra Clai k. (.Haw-on, Chapman, How ell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Coifav. Craigc, Cullon, DamrcH, Dean,
Dm fee, Kdmundsnn. CUiott, Emne, Flagler, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, <>alinwa\\ Ciddms>, Coode, Gian^er, Grow, Robert
B. II.dL 1 la-lan* Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Hollow ay. Val-
entine B. ll'irton, Hou-ton, Howaid, (-Jeojge W. Jones,
J. Gl.tnev Jone?. Kelly, lunar, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
J.ctcher, Lumpkin, MeCaity,McMulhn, McUueen, Moore,
iMoiiill,' Niehois, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Parker,
Pearee, Peck, L'Vriv. Pottit, Puryear, Cliutnian, Iiulfia,
Savace, William Smith, Stanton, 'Stewart, wope,Talbott,
Tnppe. Undeiwood, Wade, Wakeman, Walbrldge, Wal-
ijion, Welch. Wheeler, 'Whitney, Williams, Woodruff,
Daniel B, Wright, and John V. Wmht—S6.
KAYS—Mepsrrf. Ilendley S. Bemicit. Bvnson, Bishop,
months' notice on pnrt of the Posriaastei ,1 Biadshaw, Broom, Buftutnu, Cadwdladcr. Lettif O.
G^nevi II Chaffer, Comxw, Covodf. Cumback, Rtnry
