1356.]
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board-
-Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
active service any more." That is condemna-
tion; that is punishment; that is degradation; that
is infamy; that is cashiering; that is disrating;
that is every opprobrious and abominable name
which the ingenuity of gentlemen here, or the
treasures of the lexicographers, can furnish,- to
characterize this law, and the board assembled
under it.
Sir, since when have officers of this Govern-
ment a vested right in their offices, that the fact
that the Government no longer needs their ser-
vices is to be construed in the Congress of the
United States as a judgment and condemnation,
an unjust sentence,and every other epithet which
has been applied to the action of the Doard ? All
this was said in 1830. Look back to the records
of the proceedings of Congress at that time. Look
back to the debates then, and you will see that
there is not a denunciation which is now uttered
on this floor, that was not uttered in 1830, when
General Jackson told postmasters and collectors
of customs that their services were no longer ■
needed. The nation was told then, " Here are
men stricken down—their bread taken from them. I
If they are turned out of office, it is an annuncia- \
tion that they have been guilty of some crime!
They hare not been heard; they are not allowed
to know who accuses them; their means of living
are taken from them; their wives are weeping;
their children are crying to the country for bread;
and look ye to this unjust proceeding of the Gov-
ernment! What was the result? The result
was, the nation determined that no man had a
vested property in an office. The result was, not
only that these men were not restored to office,
but they remained without any compensation,
without any retiring pension, or any solace for
this pretended wrong which was done to them.
Why, Mr. President, you have here in your
Departments dozens of public functionaries who
have done more service to the country in the quiet
retirement and seclusion of their bureaus than
three fourths of the naval officers whose com-
plaints are urged so loudly here. Let one of those
unfortunate clerks of a Department here, to-mor-
row, be stricken with paralysis; let him become
incompetent to perform# his duty; and, although
his lifetime may have been passed in tjie service of
his country—although not a syllable can be said
in derogation of his moral character or of the
performance of his duty in the office which he
fills—yet, impelled by that stern and inexorable
necessity which makes it imperative on every high
functionary of this Government to see that the
duties of his Department are properly done, the
head of the Department may do it with reluctance;
he may wring the hand of the retiring officer, and
even shed an honest tear over his fate; but the
stem behest of duty must be done, and the man
must be taken from his public office to starve.
Yet no tears are shed here for him; no commis-
erations are wasted on bis wife and family; none
of all this sympathy which gentlemen pour out
with such affecting profusion is heard in his favor
—and rightly. These are sentiments the indulg-
ence of which is confined to private life. They
are sentiments to which we have no right to give
way when we are disposing of the fortunes and
interests of the people of the United States.
C* These officers of the Navy can or cannot do
their duty. The President declares that, in his
judgment, they cannot. He says so. He has
acted upon the authority which you have vested
in him by the law, and he has told them that they
can no longer fulfill the offices which they pre-
viously held, and that it was his intention to put
other men in their places; and he has done it.
Now, without inquiring into the constitutional
question, it is enough to answer the argument of
the Senator from Georgia, to say that by the
terms of the law this power is vested in him. If
Congress alone has the power to make the rules
and regulations of which the Senator speaks, it
has made a rule and regulation in this case. It
has said that the President of the United States
should fill the vacancies occasioned by the retire-
ment of those officers who, in his judgment,
ought to be put on the retired list. Here are the
words:
"And-vacancies created in the active-service list, by
placing officers on the reserved list, shall be filled by regu-
lar promotion in the order of rank and seniority."
He has done this; and now the proposition is
—to do what ? To restore those who were re-
moved by a legislative act ? The power is not in
Congress. Congress cannot do it. The unani-,
mous legislation of both branches of Congress,
in opposition to the will of the President, could
by-no possibility effect it; and upon that let any
officer who thinks differently stake his fortunes
on the decision of the tribunal which sits in the
chamber below us. No man can hoTcTTiis office
agfuftst^the wilPof the President of the United
States, after having been removed from that office
in accordance with a law passed by Congress.
Your new law will not put him back. If the Presi-
dent desires to put him back, he can doit without i
the law; and therefore I say that the whole scheme
of the Senator from Georgia will, if it be practi-
cable, repair all the injustice that has been done,
as the Senator from Kentucky says, but it will at
the same time repair all the justice which has been
done; it will not only put back the worthy, it
will restore the unworthy. The cancer has been
taken away—burnt out of your Navy; the body
is now sound; its action is healthy; its officers
perform their duty; the public service is per-
formed to the entire satisfaction of the executive
department., It will not do for gentlemen to say
with a sneer that this is a mere passing alacrity !
to perform public service for tlfe purpose of get- i
ting promotions agreed to here. That is not a
fair consideration to give to this subject. You
are told by the head of the Navy Department
that he has good and prompt officers; that his
orders are obeyed; that the public service is well
performed. Why do you say—what reason have
you for saying, that this is not because inefficient
and incompetent officers have been withdrawn ?
He says that is the reason. He is administering
that branch of the public service, and his judg-
ment is entitled to some respect^and considera-
tion. He knows better than we can by any
means be made to know, how the service of that
branch of the Government is getting on. He
states that it is now doing well. In this state of
things, is it wise—is it judicious, once again, I
ask, (although the Senator from Kentucky
thought on a former occasion that it was not a
very courteous term, I mean it entirely in a cour-
teous sense,) is it statesmanlike to take this
whole body of officers and, without examination,!
put them back into the Navy again, on the chance j
of passing some better law hereafter ?
What do the Committee on Naval Affairs pro-
pose? They have presented to us a bill wnich
proposes to do justice to all. It does not propose
to give "old shoes"—it proposes to give new
offices. It proposes to nominate all those officers
who, upon examination, shall be found to have
been improperly dismissed or retired from the
service—and no man contends that there may not
be some—to give them office again just as they
would have had if they had not been acted on by !
this board. Why is not that enough? Is it be- ;
cause there is a large body of these officers that
is unwilling to have an investigation ? Is it that
there is to be a cloud raised, a mist and confusion,
under the cover of which everybody is to come !
back into the Navy—good, bad, and indifferent
together—ithe coward,the thief, the liar, the cheat?
Are they all to come back again to your Navy in
a body, without examination ? i
The bill of the committee provides a court of 1
inquiry for all, and allows eaeh man to take the
benefit of it, excluding none. Why return them^
all without an inquiry ? You have two hundred ^
and one officers who have been placed out of active
service, fifty dropped, and the remainder retired.
There is a large number of these officers who do'
not wish to go back to active service—who cannot,
perform duty. Put then* back in the service to-"
morrow, and the President, impelled by the stern
necessity of having a body of efficient officers, will
be obliged to dismiss them in toto. They have
now a pension provided, and secured to them.
Incompetent to perform duty, disabled by age, by
infirmity, possibly by honorable scars received in
their country's service, they are satisfied with the
shelter that the country's gratitude has provided
for them. You will take it away from them; you
will destroy it; you will take them all back again
into the Navy in a body; and when that is done
the President of the United States, unable to have
the public service performed—unable to send out
a squadron to sea with a corps of efficient officers,
will be compelled, in self-defense, in the discharge
of public flhty requiring stern and necessary res-
olution, to strike their names in toto from the
rolls. What*have they done to merit this?
If you want a bill providingfor reform of some
kind—at least in the bill providing for inquiry,
make provision for some reform that is practi-
cable; provide for something to be done, if you
put your Navy back into its former condition, to
restore it to that state in which it ifow is, accord-
ing to the concurrent testimony of every public
officer who has anything to do with it.
Gentlemen speak of individual cases. I have
utterly refused to take them into consideration;
I have alluded to none except one or two named
on this floor, of officers high in the consideration
of the country—Commodore Stewart, the aged
veteran, to whose valor and whose gallantry no
man is more ready to testify than I am; that cap-
tain for whom no reward which you may think
proper to tender, by any legislation of yours, shall
receive a dissentient vote from me—and Lieuten-
ant Maury, who is known throughout the scien-
tific world—who has shed honor upon the Amer-
ican Navy. This board must have known that
the very hornet's-nest which is now buzzing
about them would necessarily be invoked; they
must have known the clamor which would be
raised against them from one end of the country
to the other, on the ground of the special merit
of these two officers. Therefore I say, the fact
that they selected them, and pointed out their
names to the President as officers incompetent
fully and efficiently to perform all their duties
ashore and afloat, is the best, the most honorable
proof of their integrity, and of the conscientious-
ness with which they discharged their duty.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this discus-
sion will leave us just where we began. The
more the subject is examined, the stronger will
be the conclusion forcing itself on the mind of
every man^that Congress has no power to right
this wrong, if wrong it be. Congress may pass
a law, by which, with the cheerful aid of the Ex-
ecutive, the injustice that has been done may be
repaired; but, after all, it is the Executive that
must repair the wrong, and not the enactments
of the Legislature. The bill which has been
recommended by the Committee on Naval Aflairs
does all that legislation can do. I am not opposed
to amendments to it; I am not opposed to some
of the provisions of the bill of the Senator from
Georgia; but what I do deprecate, and what I
hope the Senate will long hesitate before it agrees
to do, is to restore this whole body of men en
masse into the American Navy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senatoc from Louisiana commenced by
stating, in a manner a little emphatic, and in a
: sense which at the time, I confess, sounded rather
ungratefully to my feelings, that I had misstated
the law which I quoted. He meant, as he ex-
plained afterwards, that he and I differed in opin-
] ion about it. f had stated that the appointing
! power of the President was not entirely supreme
and exclusive; and I gave an instance where, by
law, from the first, promotions in the Army had
been regulated, and the President had been re-
quired to conform to it, and had conformed to it.
Now, sir, suppose Congress had provided that
promotions should be by seniority in the Army;
and, not intending to leave the party without a
commission for the new rank to which he is pro-
moted, had added the words, "Provided the
President shall recommend him to the Senate for
confirmation," and heshall have in that ordinary
way a formal evidence of his commission: that is
exactly in consonance with my construction of the
law which has been read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman mean
to say that, in his opinion, such a law as he haa
just described is a constitutional one ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think, if I were President
of the United States, I would test it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will take the gentle-
man's own position, in opposition to some argu-
ments of my friend from Georgia, and say to him
in his own language, that, after a lapse of three
