1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
will urge the good accomplished. To do even a
great right, it is not safe to do even a little wrong.
At all events I call attention to this extraordinary
assumption, that it may not be recorded for a
precedent. I call attention to it also that the
needful steps may be taken forthwith, in order
to make effective the notice which has been given,
without due authority under the Constitution.
The treaty with Denmark is at this moment a
part of the supreme law of the land, and can be
abrogated only by act of Congress.
Mr. MASON. The President of the United
States, in his annual message, informed Con-
gress that <( in pursuance of the authority con-
ferred by a resolution of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, passed on the 3d of March last, notice
was given to Denmark, on the 14th day of April,
of the intention of this Government to avail it-
self of the stipulations of the subsisting conven-
tion of friendship, commerce, and navigation
between that Kingdom and the United States,
whereby either party might, after ten years,
terminate the same at the expiration of one year
from the date of notice for that purpose." He
thus informed Congress that notice had been
given pursuant to the resolution of the Senate.
This resolution now offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts proceeds on the assumption that
the notice given by the President is not effective
to answer the end intended of terminating this
treaty. The Senator reasons, as I understand
him, that to terminate the treaty it would be
necessary to have a joint resolution of the two
Houses of Congress, which would have the sanc-
tions of law, approved by the President; and his
resolution proposes to refer it to the Committee
on Foreign Relations to consider whether it is
not now necessary that such a law should be
passed (in the form of a joint resolution or other-
wise) in order to effect the end. tahall have no
objection to the reference, if the Senate think it
necessary or proper. I do not myself think ii
at all necessary. I must, at any rate, object to
the tenor of the resolution, and especially to the
latter part of it, which proceeds on a very strong
assumption that the President has acted in dere-
liction of his constitutional duty in giving the
notice.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, as I understand his views, proceeds on the
ground, that by the Constitution a treaty is de-
clared to be the supreme law of the land, and
therefore it can only be reached by an act of legis-
lation which requires the concurrence of both
Houses of Congress, as well as the sanction of
the President; and the Senator quotes the prece-
dent of the abrogation of the treaty with France
in 1798, which was done by a joint resolution of
both Houses of Congress. Now, with entire
respect to that Senator, I must say, that it strikes
me that the fallacy in his reasoning consists in
treating this as an act abrogating or discontinuing
a continuous and existing treaty, when, in truth,
it is nothing more than causing a treaty to expire
by the terms of its own limitation. I am not
aware of any instance, in our history, in which a
continuous existing treaty, while in the form of a
contract between two Governments, which neither
party had reserved the right to terminate, was
abrogated, except in the instance cited by the Sen-
ator of the treaty with France. That was abro-
gated, in fact, by a law emanating from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, declaring the treaty
to be at an end. In other words, it was destroy-
ing and canceling the treaty.
Now, we know very well that to violate a
treaty in any of its provisions—far more to cancel
the whole treaty—is a cause of war; it is so
admitted by all the publicists. A treaty is a con-
tract—a contract between two Governments, by
which both are bound, and bound in perpetuo,
unless there be something in the treaty itself to
affect it otherwise. If either party to a contract
of that character violates the contract, or under-
takes to cancel it withoiU the assent of the other
party, it is an act of hostility; it is esteemed by
all the publicists as a cause of war. But if a
treaty in its terms provides that, at any time, it
shall be competent to either party, on notice, to
let the treaty expire because of the notice, it is
anything in the world but the abrogation or
repeal of the treaty; it is the treaty expiring by
its own limitation, on the contingency which is
provided for, to wit: the giving of the notice.
The terms of the eleventh article of the treaty
with Denmark, under which this notice is given,
are these:
" The present convention shall be in force for ten years
fiom the date hereof, and further uutil the end of one year
after either of the contracting parties shall havegtven notice
to the other of its intenuon to terminate the same—each
of the contracting parties reserving to itself the right of
giving such notice to the other at the end of such term of
ten years; and it is hereby agreed between them that, on
the expiration of one year after such notice shall have been
received by either from the other party, this convention,
and all the provisions thereof, shall altogether cease and
deteimine."
X remark that in the notice which our Minister
at Copenhagen gave to the Government of Den-
mark, pursuant to the authority he received from
this Government, he used the word " abrogate;"
but I think he used it improperly, without prop-
erly adverting to the mode in which the treaty
was to terminate. The language of our Minister,
as addressed to M. Scheel, Minister of Foreign
Relations of Denmark, is:
(i Sir : I have the honor to inform you that I am directed
by the President of the United .States respectfully to notify
your Excellency, and, through your Excellency, the Gov-
ernment of his Majesty the ICmg of Denmaik, that after
the expiration of one year from the date of this communi-
cation, the United States will regard the genera! convention
of 1 friendship, commeice, and navigation,' agreed upon
by Denmark and themselves on the 28th of April, .18*26, as
finally abrogated ; and that after that pcnod its provisions
will not be binding upon our Government."
I presume it is not a matter of much moment
what language was used by the Minister of the
United States to convey the purpose of his Gov-
ernment to terminate the treaty; and if he used
the word " abrogate," it cannot at all change the
legal and potential effect of the act which he did.
I know, as the Senator from Massachusetts
has said, that in the case of our disputed bound-
ary with England on the northwest coast, the
President recommended to the two Houses of
Congress, that they should by law take measures
to give notice and terminate that treaty. That is
true. The two Houses acted upon the sugges-
tion. I was not here at the time, but I should
be disposed to think it very possible that the
President considered that the expediency of term-
inating that treaty was a matter sufficiently grave
to require the joint counsel of the two Houses,
instead of the separate counsel of the Senate.
Although not an act of hostility, it might be
esteemed by the other Government as an act of
discourtesy, or if not an act of discourtesy, the
termination of the treaty might leave questions
open that would thereafter involve the peaceable
relations of the two countries; and the President
might very well, in his discretion, consult both
Houses of Congress, or cither of them. I am
rather disposed to think, although I express no
opinion on it, that the President might, under the
terms of the treaty with Denmark, without con-
sulting either House, give the notice required,
and his act would be perfectly valid.
I only mean to say that I feel a very strong
assurance that it is not necessary that we should
take any steps whatever to perfect what the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts thinks is imperfect in
the form of the notice; but whether that be so or
not, I shall ask the Senate to strike out the latter
part of the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that will be done.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MASON. If the resolution be adopted,
modified as I propose, all that portion will be
stricken out which commences with £< and espe-
cially to consider," <fcc.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) That modification will be made
if there be no objection. ]
Mr. MASON. With the resolution thus mod- j
ified, if the Senate shall think the inquiry is one !
that ought to be made, I shall have no objection j
to its reference; although, not thinking so, I shall \
vote against the resolution. ;
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the argument!
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumnkr] is very clear and very direct, and
certainly invests with an appearance of great i
plausibility the position which he has assumed j
by his resolution. 1 do not say that my mind i
is" convinced, but it is prepossessed by the argu- j
ment which he has made; and therefore I, for one, i
am very desirous that this question shall go to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, where it
may have a more deliberate consideration than
we are able to give it now.
It is a great questipn, and it occurs at a fortu-
nate time, and upon a fortunate occasion. Of ajl
the treaties which we have, this with Denmark
is one in regard to the termination of which there
is a perfect unanimity, I believe, in both Houses
of Congress, and among the whole American
people. It is a case, therefore, for considering
the precedent which is to be set for all future
time, and for considering it dispassionately, care-
fully, and harmoniously. I will barely state, in
support of the view of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, the impressions which I
entertain. The argument, practically, will be the
same, but presented in a form somewhat different,
perhaps, from that which he has adopted.
Power is reserved under this treaty by the
United States, as a party to it, to terminate it, to
discontinue it, to make it cease, practically to ab-
rogate it, so that it shall no longer be a treaty,
and so shall no longer be the supreme law of the
land. The President of the United States, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, has given
the notice provided for by the treaty for discon-
tinuing and abrogating it. Two branches of the
Government have thus concurred in the act of
giving this notice. Those two branches of the
Government have assumed to act for the United
States.
Now, will any person show me the authority
of the Senate of the United States for going into
this transaction, and cooperating, or combining
with, or authorizing the President of the United
States to perform this act? The Constitution of
the United States assigns the powers of the Senate,
and defines them with careful limitations. So far
as regards the conduct of our relations with for-
eign Governments, it simply authorizes the Senate
to advise and consent to the ratification of a treaty.
It nowhere authorizes the Senate to discontinue a
treaty, to repeal a treaty, to alter a treaty, or to
abrogate a treaty. When the Senate agreed to
the making of the treaty with Denmark, all its
power over the subject was exhausted and gone.
I submit to the Senate, that when the treaty was
made, it was complete and perfect at the tiipe
when it was ratified, or it was not. It certainly
was not an imperfect treaty—an incomplete trans-
action or act. The transaction was complete, fin-
ished, and perfect when it received the assent of
the Senate and was ratified by the President of
the United States. It was then complete; the
Senate could not afterwards go back and recon-
sider it, because the act of reconsideration would
not be the making of a new treaty—would not be
a negotiation. Denmaik was no party to this
new act or new transaction. So the Senate was
not acting as in the way of making a treaty when
it advised, the President to give the notice. The
Senate, then, as it seems to me, had no authority
whatever to be concerned with the President in
the transaction of giving the notice.
Now, therefore, if the act of abrogation is com-
plete and effectual, it is effectual because it was,
adopted by the President of the United States, and 4
done under the executive authority, and is not one
whit the more authoritative because the Senate of
the United States has assumed to give him power
to do it. Of course, the act on the part of the
Senate was not considered. It was passed, as
thousands of other things are passed, unnoticed
and unquestioned. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts owes us, perhaps, some explana-
tion for having failed to give us notice at the time
of the error which we were committing. At all
events, if a fault rests with the Senate, a consid-
erable share of it must fall on the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, from which I presume
he will not shrink.
I think I have shown that the Senate had no
power to act in this transaction, so as to give the
President authority. We have not been shown
what part of the Constitution it is which author-
izes the President to determine or discontinue a
treaty, or to suspend or abrogate the supreme
law of the land in any case. It is the business
of the President of the United States only to exe-
cute a treaty, to see that it is performed and
fulfilled so far as the administration of the Gov-
ernment is conccrned; and further, in regard to
the "laws of the land," his province is limited
