THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelly] is interested in this bill. He
is not here, but I presume there will be no ob-
jection to putting it upon its passage.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope the House will allow
me to have that bill put upon its passage. It is
merely for the purpose of enabling a society to
have a library.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS, ETC.
Senate bills, of the following titles, were sev-
erally taken from the Speaker's table, read twice,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia:
An act to incorporate the Columbia Library,
of Capitol Hill, in the city of Washington;
An act to incorporate an Insurance Company
in the city of Washington; and
An act for the benefit of public schools in the
city of Washington.
An act to continue the land office at Vincennes,
Indiana; and also at Dubuque, Iowa; and to as-
certain and adjust the titles to certain lands in the
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included
within the Vincennes land district, was then
taken up, and read twice.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I hope that bill
will be put on its passage. It has been before
the Committee on Public Lands of this House,
and reported on favorably. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office recommends its pas-
sage. I have letters from him on the subject,
which can be read if any member desires their
reading.
Mr. w ASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Senate bill to transfer certain rights and duties
conferred upon the trustees of the town of Vin-
cennes, Indiana, to the Common Council of the
city of Vincennes, was taken up and read twice..
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask that that
bill be put on its passage. It concerns none other
than citizens of Vincennes. Under the act of
1818, there were certain rights conferred on the
trustees of the town of Vincennes, and, by change
of corporation, an act of Congress is required for
the transfer of those rights to the Common Coun-
cil of the city of Vincennes. It is important that
the bill should be passed.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
all the rights and duties conferred upon the trus-
tees of the town of Vincennes, in the State of
Indiana, under the act entitled " An act to adjust
the claims to lots in the town of Vincennes, and
for the sale of the land appropriated asacommon
for the use of the inhabitants of said town," ap-
proved the 20th day of April, 1818, be, and the
same are hereby, transferred to and vested in the
Common Council of the fcity of Vincennes, in said
State.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly readathe third time, arid
Mr. SANDIDGE. Has the half hour which
was set apart for the introduction of bills expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the House has
unanimously agreed that the bills on the Speak-
er's table shall be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. WATSON. I wish to calf up the Ne-
braska contested-election case.
Several Members. Walt until the business on
the Speaker's table is disposed of.
Mr. WATSON. Very well.
Senate bill authorizing the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to contract for watering Pennsyl-
vania avenue, was next taken up, and read twice.
Mr. EUSTIS. I hope that bill will be put on
its passage at once.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The following bills ar.d resolutions from the
Senate were then taken up, severally read twice,
and referred ■'s indicated below:
An act to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Mississippi and
other State,s. Referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. :
An a,ct to grant the right of preemption in cer-
tain lands to the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the
Society of Friends. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
An act to provide for the punishment of certain
crimes therein mentioned. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
An act making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Ontonagon
river, on Lake Michigan, in the State of Michi-
gan. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A resolution for obtaining information in re-
gard to the growth and consumption of tobacco
and cotton in the several countries of the world.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A resolution allowing Dr. E. K. Kane, and the
officers associated with him in their late expedi-
tion to the Arctic seas in search of Sir John
Franklin, to accept such token of acknowledg-
ment from the Government of Great Britain, as
it may please to present. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back an act (S. No. 129) for regulating-the terms
of the circuit court of the District of Columbia,
and for otherpurpos.es; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the bill and report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to take into consideration the propriety
of dispensing with all fractional postage on pamphlets,
newspapers, and other periodicals, by increasing or dispens-
ing with the rates of postage now levied thereon.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I ask the House to authorize the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills to sit during the sessions of
the House. There are a large number of bills
which gentlemen desire to have examined, and
that committee cannot do it unless they can sit
during the sessions of the House. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled " An act
for the relief of Langdon C. Easton, an assistant
quartermaster of the Uni ted States Army;" which
was then signed by the Speaker.
BILLS REPORTED, ETC.
Mr. COMINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Commerce, and put upon its passage, a joint res-
olution for altering the plan of the custom-house
at Ellsworth, Maine.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, obtained the
floor.
Mr. LINDLEY. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me to report a bill from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, BENNETT. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LINDLEY. I wish to report a bill, and
move to put it upon its passage. I am confident
there will be no objection to its passage, and it
will take but a few moments.
ENTRY OF CERTAIN LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr L. then reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, a bill granting to certain citizens
of the State of Missouri the right to enter certain
lands in the Plattsburg district, in said State.
The bill was read twice.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcry Dickijjs, their Secretary, informing the j
House that the Senate had passed a bill entitled j
" An act to provide for the general introduction |
of a uniform national code of marine signals;" in j
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bills
of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of W. M. F. Magraw,
Territory; a^id
A bill for the relief of John Crawford.
LANDS IN MISSOURI—AGAIN.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri if any of these lands re-
ferred to in fhe bill are now subject to entry at
#2 50 per acre ?
Mr. LINDLEY. None of them. In selecting
these lands under the act of 1841, the officers
selected an excess of lands, and they were with-
drawn from entry at the land offices of the United
States, and were open to entry at the laud offices
of the State of Missouri, by citizens, at II 25 per
acre. But it was afterwards discovered thatthosg
lands, by this excess in the selection, belonged to
the United States, and not to the State of Missouri.
This act, which has the approbation of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, who has
had it under consideration, is designed simply to
allow the persons who purchased them of the
State, supposing they were Statfe lands, to enter
them now in the Government land offices at the
Government price—$1 25 per acre. They have
taken the lands in gopd faith, and improved them,
supposing they belonged to the State.
Mr. LETCHER. Are these lands a part of
those lying along these railroads ?
Mr. LINDLEY. Not at all, sir. It is not a
railroad region at all. Most of these lands are
in the district of my colleague, who is absent,
[Mr. Oliver.] Pie is much interested in this bill,
and as he is not here now, I am trying to get it
through.
Mr. LETCHER. How came these people to
go to the State land office ?
Mr. L1NOLEY. The State in selecting five
hundred thousand acres, selected an excess; and
the land office of the United States would not per-
mit the land so selected to be located. It was after-
wards discovered that the State had surveyed an
excess and that they had no right to the excess.
The people who haa bought them from the State
had bought them in good faith, and had built upon
and improved them. And now all that they ask
is—as the State had no title—that they shall be
permitted to pay to the United States the fall
price of the lands.
Mr. LETCHER. Were there no persons rep-
resenting the United States when these surveys
were made ?
Mr. LINDLEY. I do not know that any per-
son representing the United States was present.
Mr. MORGAN. What is the quantity of the
land taken in excess?
Mr. LINDLEY. I cannot state exactly. It
is not much.
Mr. MORGAN. How does the bill come up
now ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is regularly reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, and that
committee was cajled for reports; so that the bill
is before the House for consideration.
Mr. LINDLEY. I ask that a communica-
tion be read from the Commissioner of the Land
Office. _
The communication was read, as follows:
General Land Office, Jlpril 30, 1856.
Sir: I have carefully examined the pioposed bill, here-
with returned to you, for the relief of certain citizens of
the State of Missouri, and am of the opinion that it is suf-
ficient to accomplish the object you liave in view, by
extending ample relief to the parties for whose benefit it is
designed.
I would, hpwever, surest that the wording of the first
proviso of the act be altered, in accordance with the pro-
posed substitute appended to the bill, so as to make it a
little more specific m its terms.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Commissioner.
Hon. 3. J- Lin&ley, House of Representatives.
Mr. LINDLEY. I would state to the House,
that 1 have complied with the request of the Com-
missioner, and the proposition which he made
has been embodied in the bill. The Commissioner
of the Land Office looked over the bill and approved
it, and gave me that letter which ha? been read.
I am willing to answer any questions in reference
to it. The proposition is so fair and iust, that I
see no reason why I should not move the previous
question. I therefore move the previous .question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask my fpendjvhether,
if it should happen that the State, ojiaigfd at. a
higher rate than $1 25 per acre; the Government
