1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
■faf the United States would not be a loser by the
'transaction ?
Mr. LINDLEY. I will explain. "When the
State of Missouri discovered that it was selling
lands which it had no right to, it passed an act
' returning the purchase money. The transactions
between the State and individuals are now at an
-end, as if there had never been any.
Mr. PHELPS Some of these lands are sub-
ject to-entry under the graduated prices. That
favor is not asked; but to permit the people to
^enter the lands at the minimum price at the time
they were entered at the State land office.
Mr. LINDLEY. I do not want them at the
graduation price at all. Let them go at 25.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the oper-
-ation thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LINDLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
•lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS FOIt LOUISIANA.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee on Pub-
' lie, Lands, reported, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, a bill making a grant of
lands to the State of Louisiana to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in said State; which was
read a first, and second time.
Mr. BENNETT. This bill is exactly like the
others that have been passed. I call the previous
question upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desired, on yes-
terday, when a bill for similar objects, but for a
^different State, was reported by a member of the
■Committee on Public Lands, to submit a few re-
marks on this subject of donating alternate sec-
tions to aidin the construction of railroads. I was
told by that gentleman that the subject had been
frequently discussed in this House and before the
•country. I was told that the subject was under-
stood. But, sir, the gentleman did not tell me,
nor did he tell the House, that when these bills
have been discussed, they have generally been
•defeated. I believe, sir, that the first bill of this
character 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Now York is entitled to the floor; and
the gentleman from Tennessee can only proceed
with his consent, and the consent of the House.
Mr. JONES. Did the gentleman call the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, I moved the previous
squestion.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] was on the floor, and the
'Chair had not stated the question to the House,
when the gentleman from Tennessee rose. The
gentleman from New York is entitled to the floor
unless he yield to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES. I understood the gentleman to
yield the floor, and that it had been assigned to
me; and it was acquiesced in by the Speaker, the
gentleman, and the whole House.
The SPEAKER. Such was not the under-
standing of the Chair.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I beg the gentleman from
New York to withdraw the call for the previous
question, so as to give the gentleman from Ten-
nessee an opportunity to make such remarks as
he may desire—if the gentleman from Tennessee
will renew the motion for the previous question.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, if the gentleman will promise
to renew it when he concludes his remarks.
Mr. JONES. If it be desired that 1 shall renew
the call for the previous question, I will do so,
though much against my will.
^he gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Watson] says that he will insist on takin0,
up his privileged question at two o'clock.
Mr. JONES. I am limited by the rules of the j
House to an hour. I will be guided by those '
rules, but I will hold the floor subject to no man's
will.
Mr. EUSTIS. Has the gentleman from New
York yielded the floor on condition that the call
for the previous question shall be renewed?
The SPLAKER. The Chair understands that
such is the fact. He has no cognizance of the
condition.
Mr. JONES. 1 was about to remark, Mr.
Speaker, when the gentleman from New York
claimed the floor, that the first bill of a character
similar to the one pending before us passed Con-
gress in 1850. It granted alternate sections of
the public lands for a railroad in the State of Illi-
nois. If my memory serves me, that bill was
pressed on this ground: The line of the route ran
through a prairie country, which was destitute
of timber. It was alleged that that country would
never be settled up, unless there were means pro-
vided by which material for buildings and fences
could be conveniently carried there to the settlers.
The strong argument in favor of the passage
of the measure was, that the construction of the
road would greatly enhance the value of the sur-
rounding Government land. These prairies were
rich and fertile, and arailroad through them was
all that was required to bring them rapidly into
market at an enhanced price and into a flourish-
ing state of cultivation. And, sir, to silence the
scruples of some who were opposed to the sys-
tem, the bill provided that, after granting the
alternate sections to aid in the construction of the
road, the reserved sections should be doubled in
price. Therefore, it was alleged, the Treasury
was indemnified against any loss from such grant.
Now, I thought that I came here with some set-
tled and well-defined notions of the powers of this
Government in regard to internal improvements
—railroads, canals, river and harbor improve-
ments, and various other ways for taking money
from the Treasury, called, in general, internal
improvements. 1 believed that, under the Con-
stitution,this Governmenthad no power to make
appropriations for the construction of roads and
canals, and other works of internal improvement.
Many of those who associated with me nrofessed
to entertain the same principles as I dii. They
said that they would not vote money out of the
Treasury for internal improvements; for to do
that would be alike violative of the Constitution
and the principles of the Democratic party. Yet,
said they, " Here are lands belonging* to the
General Government. They are a waste. They
are uncultivated and unsettled, and must remain
so, unless something be done tu bring them into
market."
Then they held that this Government would
be a wise proprietor—that it would act justly and
even constitutionally—to give away alternate
sections of the public land, for railroad purposes,
if thereby the same amount of money would be
obtained as under the old system, in a much
shorter time. The minimum price, $1 25 per
acre, was doubled; and the reserved sections were
to be sold at $2 50 per acre. Perhaps, under the
general power under the Constitution to make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory or other property of the United States,
Congress may givp these lands to the States. But
when the lands are granted for these railroad
purposes, with a condition which I hold to be
unconstitutional, lean see no difference between
appropriations of money from the Treasury, for
railroads, and donations of public land for that
purpose. What is the condition of the bill under
consideration, and of all other bills of a like
character? That the sections granted shall be
sold, and the proceeds applied to the construction
of these roads.
^ Now, if this Government can make the condi-
tion that the proceeds from the sale of the lands
granted shall be vested in the railroad company,
could not this Government appgmt its own agents
to sell the lands, and invest the proceeds in the
construction of a road? When the land is sold,
could not the money as well be given to the State,'
on condition that the State should construct the
work? I think that there is no difference in prin-
ciple, according to my views and understanding
of the subject,between an appropriation of money
and a donation of alternate sections of land, with
the condition of this bill.
The Illinois bill was the only bill which passed
at that Congress. In 1852 another bill was passed
for the State of Missouri. At the succeeding
session a bill for Arkansas was passed. Since
then, up to this Congress, no other bill of a like
character has been enacted into a law. But what
have we witnessed at this session of Congress?
We have witnessed report after report from the
Committee on Public Lands, of bills of this char-
acter—one for the State of Iowa, appropriating,
according to estimates made at the Land Office,
over four millions of acres of land; another for
the State of Florida, of a very large amount;
another to the State of Wisconsin; another to the
State of Alabama; another for Michigan; and to-
day, one for the State of Louisiana, making six
in all. Five of them have passed this House,
and how many more the committee have behind
I do not know, but I suppose several.
There are, Mr. Speaker, nine members upon that
committee, and I believe that no one of them has
yet raised his voice in objection to any one of
these bills. I believe that when you come to look
at the composition of that committee, you will
find that in it is represented a majority of States,
each one of which has, or will have, a bill brought
in here for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of railroads.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Very faithful mem-
bers.
Mr. JONES. Yerv faithful indeed—like my
friend from the Jackson district in Alabama. I
have, sir, stated briefly my objections to these
bills upon constitutional principles. Now, there
is another principle in these bills which to my
mind is equally objectionable as the want of
constitutional power, and one which, even if the
power was expressly given, I would raise my
feeble voice against, and do all in my power to
defeat the bills. I owe it to the great body of
agriculturists of the country—to those whom I
represent upon this floor, to do it. I owe it to the
pioneers, the old men and their children, and to
the children of those who cut the cane and killed
the snakes in the country where I live. Those
arc the men who are taxed through these railroad
bills for the benefit of corporations. Those are
the men who give to your public lands all their
value. Without the labor and sweat of the agri-
culturists your railroads would be valueless.
How do you propose to build these railroads?
By giving the lands to the States for the purpose
of building these railroads; and I suppose the
States will, generally, following the example al-
ready set them by some States, hand the lands
over to a corporation to build the road. Then
you propose, when you give them alternate sec-
tions, that those who go into those States for the
purpose of the settlement and culture of those
lands, thoss who get the remaining sections from
the Government shall, under the operation of
this system, pay double the price which the Gov-
ernment has been selling the lands at for at least
a quarter or third of a century. Is this not a di-
rect mode of taxation upon the industrious cul-
tivators of the soil for the benefit of those who
hang around the Halls of legislation for the pur-
pose of urging the passage of such bills as these ?
Do you want to make your railroads in this way ?
Then, I say to you, that in my opinion you had
better let those settlers who want to cultivate the
land, and who give to these railroads all their
value, have the lands at the low price of §1 25an
acre, or less, and then, you being of the opinion
that these lands will be enhanced in value to
double the ordinary price, let them take stock in
the railroad, and be the owners of the land and
the owners of the railroad.
But, sir, if that will not do, I ask the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report a bill raising
the price of the public lands where they want
to make a railroad to $2 50—that is, double the
present price—and then say to these cultivators,
" Go and settle those lands, and when you pay
$2 50 an acre—$400 for a quarter section, instead
of §200—you shall have the quarter section of
land, and we will give you a certificate of $200
stock in the railroad besides." Then you make
the cultivators who pay for the construction of
the roads the owners of the roads and the owners
of the land. This would be doing but mere jus-
tice to the agriculturists of the country, to those
who must settle and give to those lands their
value.
Sir, who is it that bears all, or nearly all, the
burdens of this Government? It is that great
agricultural portion of the people of the United
States. Their representatives, it seems to me,
think it is a beast of burden which will never
weary nor break down under the burdens which
may be heaped upon them by the United States.
What shall be done with these public lands?
We have had this system, and it is by far* the
most successful. We have had another, and we
