THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
to tine execution of them. I am unable to find
anywhere in the Constitution a power or author-
ity given to the president of the United States
to suspend, to do away with, to discontinue, to
terminate, to destroy, or even to impair, either a
treaty or a law of the land. The President is
merely an executive officer, and he can do no act
unlei^xpressly authorized by the Constitution.
He can do no act for the United States, the party
o'fthe second part to this treaty, except by author-
ity pf the Congress of the United States.
.This is the principle of mixed Government,
everywhere the principle of a republican Govern-
ment. 1 presume it is admitted to be the principle
Of all constitutional forms of Government, that
&e executive officer, be he king, emperor, or pres-
ident, can only act for the nation by authority of
the'Legislature of the nation. I do not say that
in Great Britain it is necessary for the king to
faKe the advice of Parliament for suspending or
abrogating a treaty; but if it is not, it is because
the constitution of Great Britain is understood to
give to the Executive the authority, and the con-
stitution consists only of laws which have received
already the sanction of the Parliament of Great
Britain.
~ "(t seems to me therefore, without committing
myself in full to the views which I have expressed,
that the,re is sufficient importance in this subject
to require that it should be referred to a commit-
tee, arid should receive very careful consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise principally to call
the attention of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to the language of the article of the
treaty providing for its termination. I think he
misapprehends it; and as the subject is to go be-
fore the committee of which he is chairman, I
desire to bring it to his attention. I think on
examination he will be satisfied that he placed a
wrong construction on it. The language of the
article is this:
" The present convention shall be in force for ten years
from the date hereof, and further until the end of one year
after either of the contracting parties shall have given notice
to the other of its intention to terminate the same."
Now I understand the honorable Senator from
Virginia to say'thatitisatreaty which terminates
of its own force, and from the effect of its own
terms, at the end of ten years, or one year after
giving notice. In that I think lie misapprehends
the forcc of the provision. It is distinctly a con-
tinuous treaty, with 110 time fixed for its termina-
tion, with no limitation in any sense of the word
on its duration. It is to continue for ten years,
arid further forever,with a proviso,that one year's
notice may be given for tlie termination of the
same after the ten years. The only effect and the
only'intention of mentioning the specific term of
ten years was to provide, that until the expiration
of the ten years the treaty should'not be termin-
ated at all. It was a binding treaty, conclusive
until the end of that time and could not be term-
inated or affected by either party during that
period.
Besides, it was not only to continue for the
term of ten,years, but to continue further indefi-
nitely^ provided no notice should bo given as is
prescribed in the article under consideration.
Therefore it is strictly a continuous treaty, with
no time fixed for its termination, 110 limitation
upon its duration, and no stipulation as to its
end, with the single exception that it should con-
tinue for ten years at all events, and during that
time should not be subject to the control of either
party. The President of the United States, in
his communication to us, seems to admit this idea,
because he says that, by the provisions of the
treaty, " either party might, after ten years, term-
inate the same at the expiration of one year from
the date of notice for that purpose."
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I do not see wherein I misap-
frehended the terms of the treaty in any degree.
read the clause; it speaks for itself. I said,
after reading it, that it contained a clause by
which, after ten years, it would expire by its own
limitation, on the happening of a contingency
which was provided for. That contingency was
giving the notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I so understood the Sen-
'ator.
Mr. MASON. I used the term 11 continuous
treaty" probably without looking into the exact
meaning of the phrase; but I intended to distin-
guish this from a continuous treaty, by which
term I meant a treaty containing no provision by
which it could be terminated, but one to be con-
tinued iuperpeluo.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Senator
to attempt to avoid the effect of the reasoning of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, by
drawing a distinction from the terms of the treaty
itself. He said a time was fixed when it might
be abrogated or put an end to; and that it was
distinguished in that particular from other treaties
where no such term was fixed. How does that
distinguish it? It distinguishes it in no degree,
unless a certain contingency arises; because the
treaty was to continue for ten years, and further
indefinitely, without any limitation of time.
Then what is the contingency on which the
treaty was to be terminated ? The contingency
is that either party may give notice. Then who
are the parties to the treaty ? As I understand
the treaty it is between the Government of Den-
mark on the one side, and the United States of
America, through its Government, on the other
side. The next question is what constitutes the
Government of the United States for this pur-
pose? Is it the President alone, or the President
and the Senate? No one will contend that the
President is the Government, or that the Presi-
dent and the Senate together make the Govern-
ment. It is the President, the Senate, and the
House of Representatives; and they have only
one mode of action, and tlaat mode is by a law or
a joint resolution, approved by the President,
which has the force of law.
Therefore, if this treaty when formed origin-
ally was the law of the land (as the Constitu-
tion provided that it should be) the inevitable
consequence follows that, being the law of the
land, no action to terminate it or affect its pro-
visions can in any way have effect unless it is the
action of that " party" which is provided for in
the treaty. When you have settled that the
" party" to the treaty is the United States of
America, through its Government, on the one
side, then of course you must have the action of
that Government by all its constituted authorities
—not by a portion of them—in order to do away
with that treaty.
The question before us is a very simple one.
It stakes me as being within very narrow limits,
and'dependent on two simple points. Is this a
treaty which terminates by its own force at the
end of ten years ? If not, must not an act be done
to terminate it? If so, by whom is that act to bo
done? If it is to be done by the Government of
the United States, who constitutes the Govern-
ment? We are to inquire whether notice has
been given by the Government of the United
States in any proper mode Of action. If it has
been done, the notice has been given. If it has
not been done, it remains to be given; and the
inquiry of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, through his resolution, is simply whether
the notice which has been given has any legal
force or effect; in other words, whether it has
been given by the " party" to the treaty.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think, Mr. President, the
true construction of this part of the treaty de-
pends 011 the subject-matter of it. If the act to
be done is simply an act of the treaty-making
power, it has been rightly done. If it is an act
of the legislative power, it has not been rightly
done. 1 agree fully with the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts in his position as to any act
which is designed to abrogate a treaty, because
the treaty-making power does not extend to the
point of abrogating a treaty. It may, indeed,
make a treaty with another Government, and
afterwards, if that Government assents to a con-
vention abrogating the former one, it is thereby
abrogated; but the treaty-malting power of the
Federal Government cannot abrogate a treaty
without the assent of the foreign Government
with which that treaty was made; though with
the assent of that foreign Government it can ab-
rogate any treaty, no matter what opinion may
prevail at the other end of this Capitol.
Now, sir, this treaty with Demmark has not
been abrogated by either party. It is a treaty
which, if terminated, is terminated without any
abrogation; which is terminated by its own pro-
vision; which is terminated by what is contained
in the treaty itself If this treaty had been made
with a proviso, that if notice should be given by
the King of Denmark at the end of ten years of
his wish to terminate it at the expiration of six
months from his signifying that wish, the treaty
would be terminated by the notice thus given.
Why ? Not because he had power to abrogate
the supreme law of the land in the United States,
but because his act becomes incorporated in the
treaty, and has precisely the same effect and op-
eration on it as if it had existed and been specified
in the treaty. If, instead of depending 011 his
will, it had depended on an act to take place with-
out the will of any one, the treaty would term-
inate on the occurrence of that act or that contin-
gency without the will of any one except the
original contracting parties.
When a treaty is abrogated, as the French
treaty vvas, by the legislative power, the act of
abrogation assumes the responsibility of war.
Unless the ground of abrogation is sufficient, it
is good cause of war. The Legislature in this
country declares war, and as a branch of that
power it may undoubtedly abrogate a treaty, and
take upon itself the responsibility, by abrogating
the treaty, of bidding defiance to the foreign Gov-
ernment, and saying, " We will embark in a war
if you choose, provided you insist that we shall
stand by the treaty."
This is not a case of that Mnd at all. If the
United States had made a treaty with Denmark
a year ago, when this notice was given, by which
the old treaty should bo abrogated, and that new
treaty had the consent of Denmark, and of the
President and Senate of the United States, the old
treaty would have been thereby abrogated by the
parties. The effect of this provision is to dis-
pense merely with the assent of Denmark. There
is a stipulation that the assent of the other party
shall not be necessary to the termination of the
treaty. If in this case Denmark had given the
notice, it would not require an act of Congress,
nor the assent of the President and Senate, to
terminate the treaty; but it would be terminated
by the notice of Denmark, after the expiration of
one year. How does it become terminated? Does
Denmark violate the treaty? Not at all. Can
Denmark terminate a treaty with this country
when we have performed it on our part? Not at
all. It is terminated because there is reserved in
the treaty power to Denmark to terminate it
without our assent. So, on the other hand, we
have never given our assent to this treaty as a
permanent one. The treaty-making power has
given an assent for ten years absolutely, and as
much longer as we please, one year being allowed
after giving notice for the expiration of the treaty.
The treaty-making power has given the notice,
and that notice having been given, it is 'not neces-
sary that Denmark should assent to this newact
of the treaty-making power of the United States.
Nor is the treaty abrogated; but at tile end of
one year it is the notice connected with the ori-
ginal treaty which terminates the assent which the
President and the Senate gave to it.
Now, sir, when the treaty used the language
"parties," it meant not Congress, not the judi-
ciary, not the President, but it meant the United
States acting by the contracting power. Who
are the contracting agents to make treaties? Thb
President and Senate; and therefore, when the
will of those who control that matter was incor-
porated into the treaty in the language which has
been read, it strikes my mind, though perhaps I
am wrong, that the assent of this Government to
the treaty in question has never been given for
any longer period than was thus expressed.
The Senator from Massachusetts referred to the
case of the Oregon treaty. I do not entertain any
doubt that, if both branches of Congress and the
President unite, you have the consent of the treaty-
making power, and you have also the consent
of the House of Representatives, and that obvi-
ates the very question which is here raised. But
in this case—there being no abrogation of the
treaty—there being nothing but a withdrawal
upon a contingency of the consent which was
given by the President and Senate in pursuance
of a power reserved in the treaty, I think the
true construction of it is, that the notice may be
given by the treaty-making power, representing
the United States in that capacity, and then of
course the treaty is terminated. 1 cannot agree
