mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
saidlihe through the g&id Territories, wludh may be required
by them for stations or other purposes necessaiy for the
maintenance and u^e of the said road as a post road : Pro-
videdy Such stations shall not be nearer than ton miles to
each other.
3. And be it further enuded, That no letter of pack-
age shall he earned in this mail exceeding eight ounces in
weight; and the weight of the mail and contents curried
shall not excetd four hundred pounds, unless directed-hy the
Postmaster General; and in case of such increased weight,
the Postmaster General may make a reasonable increase of
compensation.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That in making up said
mail, letters shall be entitled to the preference, and other
matter to mUke up the lour hundred pounds shall be in
eluded under such rules a« may be pres-crihert by the Post-
master General.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask whether that comes
from any committee,because, unless it does, it is
against the rule?
Mr. WELLER. It was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Post Otficc and Post Roods, as it
has been read, as a separate bill. I had it early
in the session referred to tKet committee, who
reported it back. 1 have obtained the consent of
the committee to offer it as an amendment to this
bilh
Mr. HUNTER. Can the commute© delegate
the authority to a person not a member of the
committee ? I submit the question to (he Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate, whether
they will receive (he amendment.
Mr. WELLER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the question.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. 1 wish to inquire whether
there is any report from the Post OlKec Depart-
ment stating: the practicability of tins service,
and the probable cost.
Mr. WELLER. There is no report from the
Postmaster General that I know of on tho sub-
ject, but there has been a very voluminous report
made by the surveying paitics who have passed
over the continent, and the Senator can form his
own opinion ax to tho practicability of it. Unless
there is a bid offered to the Postmaster General
wilhin the limits here prescribed, as a matter of
course a contract will not be entered into, lhave
no doubt, myself, (hat the Postmaster General
Will be able to make ^contract for the transpor-
tation of the mail under the terms of this provis-
ion. We now pay fur the transportation of the
mail ovet the Isihmus of Pan,una, #701),(HK) a
year. My desire js to have the mails of the
United Sf.Mfes tian.quirted through our own ter-
ritory. TheSemUoi fu>m Virginia, hut a day or
two ago, introdueed an amendnx nl io another
hill, making alt appropriation of $1,000 to pay
the xutgeonswho attended the Americans who
were wounded at Panama while coming through
New Granada (o this country. I desire to have
{!;•• mail of the United States transported through
our own territory. I wish (o rely no longer on
foreign Governments for tiieirpeum^ion to pass
our mail from one State to another.
Air. M'VSON. 1 ask the Senator if if be in
contemplation that the letters and documents and
printed matter pausing between the At Ian tie States
and the Pacific are to be carried by this maiP
Mr. \U\\ ARD. It is hunted to four hundred
pounds.
Mr. MASON. Why is it limited to four hun-
dred pounds?
Air. VVELLEli. Il m limited to four hundred
pounds. The eonti.ietwuh Aspinwall Sl Com-
pany does not empire tor four years. That con-
tract was made ongmally for ten yenrs, and has
over three yeais to run. Asa matin of course
they will have to carry the mail until the e\pna-
tiou of then* contract. I simply desire to supply
an overland mail, through our own icmfones, for
the transportation of letters.
Mi*. MASON. 1 ha\e tried, together with
some oth<-r Senators here, to we if it he prac-
ticable to cause this Government to be adminis-
tered as the Constitution piojeemd, and let the
responsibility rest where the Constitution places
it; to let til-, Executive discharge ug duties, and
to let the legislative department discharge its
duties; but we find-—at least I find—that there is
the same tendency belonging to this Government
which has been evinced in all popular govern-
ments, within my knowledge of history, to
pn-.-oss the whole administiation of the Govern- "
muif. and to do it as loosely at. it mu&t be done, :
fltio jt is done, by t\ l^gisjntive deportment.
What are we told by the honorable Senator from
California? There is no recommendation from
the executive department at all for this service.
We have no knowledge whether the service can
be executed at the price named in the amendment,
or for a less price. We do not know, unless we
look through documents, which I confess I have
not looked through, how many tons the Pacific
mail consists of. We are asked to appropriate
$500,000 a year to carry a mail of four hundred
pounds, in order to pass through our own coun-
try. That is the only reason assigned, unless
the reason stated by the honorable Senator, that
a proposition has been made to pay the surgeon's
bills of American citizens who were injured or
mutilated in a late riot in the State of New Gran-
ada, in Central America, be a reason. If that be
an argument, I ask how soon may we have, not
to pay surgeons' hills, but to send an armed
force, at a cost of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, to protect this mail to California across the
continent? An appropriation has just been made
to pay for guards to carry the mail to Santa Fe.
What, information-have we on earth of the prac-
ticability of carrying this mail at all, or of carry-
ing it at the price stipulated, or that it may not
be carried at one half or third of that price; ex-
cept, as the Senator from California informs us,
that the explorers sent out by the War Depart-
ment, under the order of Congress, to see if a
railroad can be made, have given us the opinion
that it can be done?
Mr. President, we have had occasion to say—
I and others have had occasion to say—that this
Government is degenerating into a Government
of mere jobs, paying out the public treasury to
contractors without any of tho responsibilities of
the Executive, oi without any knowledge of the
value ot t he service or the real cost of the service.
1 can appreciate the appeal of the honorable Sen-
ator from California, who represents a country as
distant as his. 1 am awaieof the urgency of his
people, which we see manifested in the papers
ot his country, to establish a direct communi-
cation across the interminable deserts between
the Pacific, and Atlantic slope. Hut I submit to
the honorable Senator whether it is not due to tho
condition, tho organization, and the safety of the
Republic, that we should have some regard to the
distribution of power prescribed by the Constitu-
tion? It is not enough that a contractor comes
here and says,_ " liought to be done, and I will
do it at. n certain price;" and it is not enough to
say that explorer^ sent aoos* the continent on
no dut y but to sec if n railway can be made to the
Paeilie, uilbim us that they can get a practicable
loute, and thai it can be done for a certain sum.
We must have a communication from the re-
sponsible olhcet.sot the Government, infoiming
us that it is necessary for the public welfare, and
telling us tho probable terms on which it can be
done.
Tho amendnu nt fixes a maximum piice of
$500,000. Now I would ask honorable Senators
e\ery where, what mini mat urn have they whether
that set vice may not be performed foi ^*JU,UUU, or
ft:>U,U0U, or $100,000, or one twentieth, or one
tenth, of what is proposed by the amendment. I
dare say there are men who are prepared to doit
lor $,>00,000; and it may be probable that in their
attempt to eatry lour bundled pounds of mail
mattir, they will find them>e|ves depredated on
by the Indian.:-, and we shall then be called upon
for double or quadruple the pay for armed forces
to attend them, as w;w asked tins evening for
carrying the mail to New Mexico, if the Gov-
ernment is to be pieserved, 1 submit to Senators
we ought to have somereg.ml for its oigani/.af ion
under the Constitution, and the i espousduhty
which that organization prescribes. This is m
utter disregard" of them.
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt the country
is unciordeep obligations to the Senatorfiom Vir-
ginia for Jus ellorts to preserve the Constitution.
It has been my fortune never to be able to intro-
duce any bill mto the Senate that did not conflict
with that Senator s opinions of constitutional
power. Now, sir, instead of indulging, as he has
done, in mere declamation, it would have been
more useful to the Senate if he had undertaken
to show how tins amendment contravenes either
the letter ur the spirit of the Constitution, jN'ot-
withi-funding the air nf that Senator, i claim to
have a;- luab r^gfod for the Constitution hf he
has. The same obligation that is resting upon
him to maintain the Constitution rests upon me.
Will he undertake to tell me that a simple prop-
osition to carry the mad of the United States from
the frontier of the Atlantic States to the Pacific
ocean is a violation of the Constitution, or a vio-
lation of the resolutions of 1798? Whenever I
bring forward a proposition here, which, in my
judgment, is designed to secure the permanency
of our institutions, by uniting more closely the
remote West with the East, that Senator inter-
poses the constitutional objection, " You are frit-
tering away the powers of this Government; you
are destroying the liberties of the people." If
perchance it happens that we get a mail trans-
ported overland to California, that is a violation
of the Constitution; if you have it carried in
stage coaches, the liberties of the people are gone
forever-! This is the logic of the learned gentle-
man from Virginia.
You passed through this body, four weeks ago,
two bills providing for the construction of two
military roads from the frontiers of the States
west of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. You
passed a bill for a military road from the western
boundary of Missouri, by Salt Lake City, to Car-
son Valley or the eastern boundary of California.
I You passed another bill for a road from El Paso
to Fort Yuma, m the State of California. These
bills were passed because the Senate was satisfied
of the practicability of the construction of those
roads. If we had not the evidence in our pos-
session to show that it was entirely practicable
to construct those wagon roads, those bills could
never have been passed by the Senate. Now,
when 1 come forward and propose to authorize
the Postmaster General to contract for the trans-
portion of a mail over these very roads—either
one of them—the Senator finds that the liberties
of the country are in danger.
Whilst I acknowledge the equality of every man
on this floor with myself, I recognize no superior,
i recognize no man as having to dictate to me what
tho Constitution of the United States allows me
to do. I can say that, in all kindness to the Sen-
ator from Virginia; but, as I said before, I have
never brought forward, and 1 never expect to
bring forward, any measure connected with that
country from whence I come, that will receive the
sanction of the Senator from Virginia. This is
a proposition to carry the mail overland through
our own territory. 'Is there anything in that
which violates the Federal Constitution? If the
Senator will show me that there is, I will abandon
the proposition. I had a bill here for the con-
struction of a railroad through the territories of
the United States; to the Pacific ocean, which, in
my judgment, was sanctioned by the Constitution
of the United States. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, of course, was opposed to that. If he be-
lieved the work was impracticable, I do not pre-
tend to condentn him for opposing it; butl claim
( that, when 1 bring forward a proposition which
|| is purely one of expediency, a Senator shall not
j j attempt to charge upon me a violation of the
|j Constitution. You have refused to give mo the
i; railroad. You have laid that on tho table. You
p have given me a wagon road, and I say to Sen-
P atois that creates a sort of moral obligation to
give me the coaches or wagons to carry the mail
ij over that road. 1 do not intend to say that it is
! j a legal obligation; but, as you have given me the
II road, I ask you now to authorize the Postmaster
11 Geneial to carry the mail through your own tcr-
jj ntoncs, not through a foreign country; fori Gen-
ii template that, at the termination of the present
|! contract lor the transportation of the mail by the
|| ocean, henceforth it shall be carried by land.
!| In regard to the amount of mail matter, I will
say this: There are only about one thousand seven
hundred pounds of letter matter sent to California
by the steamers twice a month. Any Senator can
make the calculation for himself, if you have a
semi-weekly mail, how much letter matter will
be earned to California. But I do not intend to
go mto this debate further, unless I shall be driven
into it.
Air. MASON. Mr. President, if the honor-
able Senator from California thinks I would un-
dertake to dictate to him, or to any other Senator
on this floor, on a matter of constitutional duty,
or anything else which we have under delibera-
tion, he does me very great injustice. Whether
he does himself justice in entertaining the sug-
