I856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
I said, however, that Congress passed acts in
1802 and 1834, to which I have especially callad
attention, which did control the President's power
of appointment in the Army and Navy and ma-
rine corps; and that this very act of 1855 does
the same thing. The gentleman from Louisiana
now tells us that these acts are unconstitutional.
According to him, Congress has been passing
unconstitutional acts from 1789 to now. He takes
the act of the first Congress to be conclusive and
all other acts to be void which hold contrary
ground. He is driven, necessarily, to this posi-
tion. The foundation of his constitutional author-
ity is the decision of Congress in 1789 upon one
class of officers—executive officers. The gentle-
man tells us that that authority has been acqui-
esced in for seventy years, that it cannot now be
shaken, and that every other law on this subject
passed from that day to this is unconstitutional
and void ! 1 leave the reasoning to the Senate and
the country. The Senator utterly fails to show
why this act should have any greater sanctity—
why it is any better as a precedent than the acts
I have pointed out, overruling and destroying
it as authority, (and there are not less than a
dozen of them,) and leaves us without any other
reason for its peculiar and exclusive sanctity ex-
cfyt that it sustains his view of the case.
Sir, the very moment that Congress assume to
tell the President whom he shall appoint, they
assert their supremacy over the President in the
.power of appointment. My friend from Louisi-
ana is too good a lawyer to dispute it with me.
Congress have declared ,when creating high offices,
that the President should only fill them from par-
ticular individuals. They have provided that
promotions in the Army should take place accord-
ing to seniority, from lieutenants to captains-
ordered particular captains to be made colonels and
majors, and the President obeyed the mandate.
I called my friend's attention before he spoke to
the act of 1834, but he found it convenient not to
allude to it. The act of 1816 made the same pro-
vision. Continually from 1789 down to the 38th
of February, 1855, the date of the act now under
consideration, Congress have prescribed, limited,
and controlled the exercise of the appointing
power by the President of the United States. He
lias been directed by their will, not his own.
In a speech made by me a few days ago, I
vested our authority over the subject, "not alone
upon the clause which the Senator from Louisiana
has read, giving Congress power to " make rules
for the governmentand regulation of the land and
naval forces." I showed further, that Congress
had other especial powers over the subject. In
Congress the Constitution vests the duty" to raise
and support armies," and " to provideand main-
tain a Navy." How can this duty be performed
if this power of dismissal may be exercised by
the President whenever he chooses ? Suppose
that he should want no Army or Navy except
the mercenary instruments of his own will. Sup-
pose we should choose to call forth, under the
Constitution, the militia of the country, and he
should be unwilling to do it because he desired to
crush public liberty. The gentleman says that
he need not appoint any officers for the places.
He says that, when we have raised an Army and
provided a Navy, we have no further power over
them, and that the President may disband them
when he chooses! This is simply implying a
power by a forced construction to defeat a clearly-
expressed power given to Congress, to use the
military power at their discretion for the protec-
tion of the country.
The power of raising and supporting armies,
and providing and maintaining navies, was wisely
vested in the Legislature. The war-making power
is in the hands of Congress, and the power of
carrying on war ought to be deposited in the same
body. Congress are to raise and support armies,
and provide and maintain navies, but the Senator
from Louisiana says he can disband them at any
moment by dismissing every officer. If he can
dismiss a captain, he can surely dismiss a sailor.
Then the President, directly in the face of the
power of Congress to provide and maintain a
Navy, can disband it. The Senator cannot
eseape from that conclusion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not wish to escape
from it. On the same argument, you might say
New Series—No. 38.
that the President can dismiss every civil officer.
The Senator's argument goes too far; it proves
nothing; it is suicidal.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all. The Senator's
illustration supports my argument as well as my
own. I hold that he has no power to dismiss
either civil or military officers, unless the power
is given to him by law; that the laws of Congress,
and not the power of the President, control the
question of removal in all cases whatsoever, not
otherwise provided for in the Constitution itself.
Therefore, it is not an answer to my argument
to say that it goes too far. The legislative depart-
mentmay regulate the mode of its exercise. They
may fix it by law; and, if the President will not
execute the laws, there is a remedy for that also.
But, sir, on the next point, and in answer to
another part of his argument, my friend from
Louisiana says that this naval board was not a
court, because it could pass no sentence except
to dismiss men from office. Turn to the Consti-
| tution of the United States, and look to the
highest criminal proceeding which it recognizes:
the House of Representatives may iprtpeach, and
the Senate may try. What else can the Senate
do by way of punishment, except dismiss and
disqualify an officer on conviction upon impeach-
ment? My friend, in the glow of his eloquence
and enthusiasm, tells us that the edicts of this
board were not judicial because nobody was
fined and nobody imprisoned. Sir, the highest
constitutional prerogative—the highest criminal
court known to the Constitution of this country,
is this very tribunal which I am now addressing,
who can try Executives, who can try judicial
officers, and the utmost extent of their judgment
is dismissal from office and a disqualification from
holding any other; but that is no punishment,
according to my friend's idea! Oh, no! Let
me ask him, is a court-martial a criminal court ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not consider it a crim-
inal court, at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not a criminal court! But it
hangs people; it may take away life; it may take
away liberty; and yet it is not a criminal court!
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman wishes
my opinion about it, I will tell him that I do not
consider it any more a criminal court than a court
of impeachment is. A court-martial is a martial
court. A court of impeachment is a political
court. Neither is a criminal court.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say a court-martial is nothing
but a criminal court. It is confined exclusively
to the trial of crimes. It cannot try civil cases.
It tries crimes and prescribes their punishment.
It has nothing but criminal jurisdiction. It is
fixed and regulated by law. A court-martial,
when full, is composed of thirteen officers—a
president and twelve jurors, the peers of the man
on trial. They can try him; they can sentence
to the highest punishment known to the law.
The only two cases in which the power to
execute its own decrees were not originally given
to courts-martial by our laws, were those where
the life or the commission of the officer was in-
volved. Forfeiture of his commission was rightly
adjudged so terrible an infliction, that the sentence
required the approval of the President, even when
a squadron was upon foreign service; and yet
the gentleman says these are no punishments at
all! I hold that the power to "provide and main-
tain" a Navy, and to pass laws for its govern-
ment and regulation, covers the entire question,
and overrides all implied grants. My bill rec-
ognizes that principle. I assert the right of the
legislative power to govern the Army and Navy.
They can make me an admiral to-morrow if they
please. They have chosen, however, to put the
power of appointment in the hands of the Presi-
dent, and Congress can put it anywhere.
Numerous statutes increasing and diminishing
the Navy vest this power in the Executive, but
he exercises it by virtue, and alone by virtue, of
these legislative grants; not, as my friend sup-
poses, by virtue of any independent constitutional
power.
Why, sir, in regard to one half of the execu-
tive officers of the United States now, the power of
dismissing them—to which my friend analogizes
this proceeding—is conferred on the President by
law. What is called by the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Clayton] the great debate, that took
place in 1835, was on repealing the act of 1820,
which gave power to the President to dismiss all
those political victims, custom-house, and land
and other officers, on whose account so great a
clamor was then raised. The Senate did actually
agree to repeal it, in order to take away the power,
but the House of Representatives would not con-
sent to it. At this day, the moment Congress assert
the power to limit an office—to fix its duration,
they assert the power to control the whole sub-
ject; and I say they could place the power of
removal in the President or anybody else. His
power of removal, in nearly every case now, is
exercised by virtue of legislative grant. I admit
he is a good depositary for the power in such cases,
and I said in my former argument that I would
myself vote to put it there; but I repeat that he
does not hold it under the Constitution, and it
would be dangerous to the public interest not to
leave it under the control of Congress.
The Senator from Florida, and the Senator from
Louisiana, have spoken of the " plain language
of the Constitution giving the President the poWet
of removal. Where is that language to be found ?
I have hunted for it, and I can find it nowhere.
The Senator from Louisiana says, that in 1789 it
was argued that it resulted from the power of
appointment. He is totally mistaken. The gen-
tlemen, who in 1789 voted to confer the power
on the President in regard to executive officers,
denied any such ground. Madison denied it;
Sedgwick denied it. The very majority who gave
the President the power then denied the principle
on which the Senator places it. It was argued
on the other side that it all flows from the power
of appointment, and that, as the power of appoint-
ment was a joint power, vested in the President
and Senate, the power of removal did not belong
to the President alone. Those who sustained the
prerogative denied that it resulted from the power
of appointment, but contended that it was an
executive prerogative which, as Mr. Wedster
very properly said, was unknown to our institu-
tions.
There is another fact in the gentleman's argu-
ment worthy of attention. He chooses to call
officers of the Army and Navy executive officers,
and thereupon asserts that the powe *f remov-
ing them by the President has existed from the
beginning. I deny it. Mr. Clay, in the debate
of 1835, which 1 read afewdays ago to the Senate,
said that the power had never been applied to the
Army and Navy. I have looked carefully through
all the records of the country, as far as I have
had access to them, and I have not found a case
of removal, where the reasons are given, which
seemed to place the removal of a naval officer on
constitutional power until that of Lieutenant Ran-
dolph, and there have been a number. I do not
say that such cases do not exist; but it. seems not
to have been asserted as a principle until General
Jackson's time. The chairman of the committee
has presented no precedent. The broad principle
has been disputed here for months, and yet the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and the chairman of the com-
mittee, and the Senator from Louisiana, present
no precedent. I do not say that there is none. I
have sought for them from my own sources of
information, and from others, and I have found
nothing to sustain this alleged universal practice.
My friend from Louisiana has not enlightened
me. Theremoval of Lieutenant Randolph, which
caused him to attempt to pull General Jackson's
nose, was the first case which seems to have
attracted much public attention. That was so
great an outrage that he would have been broken
for that by a court-martial under the law; but
even for that the law gave him a right of trial.
Mr. MALLORY. Does my friend from Georgia
desire an instance of military officers who have
been removed by the President?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am speaking of naval offi-
cers.
Mr. MALLORY. I hold in my hand a list of
officers who have been removed under various
Administrations.
Mr. TOOMBS. Who are they ? By the act
of 1806 the power was given by Congress to the
President to remove military officers.
Mr. MALLORY. I will read a list of naval
officers who have been removed. I have not the
names of any military officers before me, bwt I
