1850.
ftm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gestion, the Senator can determine for himself. I
make no dictation. I speak of the Constitution,
as I ha ve been accustomed to interpret it in its
organisation of the Government, and its distribu-
tion of the powers of Government. If I differ
with that honorable Senator, it is my misfortune.
1 dictate to nobody; but speak here of the organ-
ization of the Government, and the distribution
of its powers, as I understand it, and I under-
stand the Constitution as prescribing my duty. I
do not dictate to any one.
Now, what does he propose ? He proposes to
take from the Executive, whose duty it is to give
information to Congress of the state of the coun-
try, and of the wants of the country in the admin-
istrati ve department, any discretion about carry-
ing the mail between distant parts of the Confed-
eracy—any discretion as to the maximum that is
to be paid for it; and that we, coming here from
every part of the country, and necessarily ignorant
of the whole subject, shall undertake to decide
whether it is right, and what shall be paid for it.
I do not say that the liberties of the country are
m danger; the Senator heard nothing of that kind
from me; but I say you are confounding all the
powers of the Government, trenching on a coor-
dinate branch, and concentrating everything here
where necessarily we must be most ignorant.
That must be the operation of the scheme of laws
projected by the Senator from California.
Sir, whether the liberties of this country are in
danger or not, gentlemen will decide for them-
selves; but if I have read history to any purpose,
or know what humanity is, when intrusted with
power, our liberties will not be worth preserving
when you disregard the fundamental law. That
fundamental law has been made to organize the
departments of the Government, and to distribute
power under responsibility and checks, and to
chain down the popular will; to fetter it; to limit
it by a fundamental law; and the liberties of the
country will not be worth the parchment upon
which the Constitution is written, when that is
disregarded.
It lias pleased the honorable Senator to speak
deridingly of the "Virginia resolutions of 1798, in
which he is not singular—resolutions which
reclaimed the Government, brought it back, in the
language of Mr. Jefferson, to the original purpose
of the Constitution, under which we had vainly
hoped we were steering since — resolutions that
will be remembered, and will be taken as the polar
star of the administration of constitutional gov-
ernment long after that honorable Senator and
myself shall be consigned to oblivion. I speak
to the honorable Senator in the kindness in which
he speaks to me, and which he knows 1 entertain
for him. I speak of this Government as I under-
stand it, according to the school in which I have
been educated.
jNTow 1 come back to the amendment. The
maximum price prescribed here is $500,000.
How do we know that the service cannot be done
for fifty or one hundred thousand dollars? Com-
petition has generally a material regard to the
maximum allowed for service; and we know that,
in tile myriads of contractors who are surround-
ing this Government everywhere, like the vul-
tures that surround a carcass, theie will be very
few prepared with ability or power to make a
contract of this character, but they will combine,
and the maximum will be their guide. If we are
to have a mail carried in this way, let the prop-
osition come from the responsible Department cf
the Government, from the Postmaster General,
recommending it as due tothe public service,
giving us his reasons for it, informing us how it
can be done, and at what expense.
Mr. HUNTER. This, I understand, is amere
question of order, whether the Senate will receive
the amendment. I hope we shall decide that first.
Mr. WELLER. I have only a word to saym
reply to the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
If 1 understand his argument, it amounts to this:
that, if I had the recommendation of the Post-
master General, or of the executive department
of the Government, this proposition of mine
would be in conformity with the Constitution of
the United States and the resolutions of 1798.
Now, I have learned something in the course of
this discussion; and, as t am a young man, 1 may
learn a great deal more from the Senator from
Virginia. I have learned from him, that Con-
gress has no power fo establish post-routes, orto
make any provision for the transportation of our
mail matter, in the Territories of the United
States,unless it be recommended by the executive
department of the Government. I thought that
power belonged to Congress.
Mr. MASON. You did not hear that from
me.
Mr. WELLER. Well, sir, if there be any-
thing in the statement which the Senator made,
as to the unconstitutionality of this proposition,
it amounted to this: that it was unconstitutional
because it trenched upon the right of the Execu-
tive; that I came here without any recommenda-
tion for the establishment of this mail route; ergo,
if I had the recommendation of the Executive,
it would be constitutional and in conformity with
those resolutions to which, as he alleges, I'derid-
ingly adverted. Mr. President, I knew that the
Senator from Virginia regarded the resolutions
of 1798 as part of the Constitution; and therefore
I spoke of them in that manner. If he can show
me that this amendment contravenes any of the
principles of the resolutions of 1798,1 will agree
to say it ought not to pass, although it may not
be in violation of the Constitution. Is not that
the whole case ?
This is simply a question of expediency. If
the Senator believes it impracticable, and that you
cannot transport your mails overland to Califor-
nia, he is right, of course, in voting against it;
but surely he has no right to claim that it is un-
unconstitutional in itself, because I have not the
recommendation of the Postmaster General.
Here is my friend from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,]
who lias been introducing propositions to-day for
the establishment of post routes in different parts
of the country, and he never fought of asking
the Executive whether 
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. We have the power to es-
tablish post routes; but did he ever hear that, in
establishing a post route, Congress said, at the
same time, a contract should be made for carry-
ing the mail at a maximum amount for the ser-
vice? If he will be content with putting it as a
post route establishment between the Atlantic
States and California, I will vote for it, provided
he give good reasons why it should be done.
Then the Postmaster General will report at the
next session of' Congress, that he can or cannot
make contracts for a reasonable and fair sum to
carry the mails.
Mr. WELLER. Thjre are other Senators on
this floor who are in communication with their
constituents three times a day at the expense of
the Government of the United States. I am
allowed to hold communication with my constit-
uents but twice a month. There is no portion
of the Union placed in the same situation we are
in on the Pacific coast. While you impose a
higher rate of postage on us than on any other
people residing within the limits of the country,
you allow us to hold communication with you j
but twice a month. My desire has been to avoid j
this by the establishment of another mail which 1
should pass through our own territory; and, if,
the Senate are satisfied that this measure is right .
in its principle, they will vote for it. ;
I will not trespass on the Senate. I know the i
anxiety of my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] to get a vote. He is the most impatient :
man I ever knew in my life, and, at the same j
time, the most laborious; and I believe it would j
be utterly impossible to transact the public busi-!
ness if he were not here. [Laughter.] I say '
so earnestly. :
Mr. IVERSON. I do not rise to take part in 1
this constitutional debate between my friends ,
from Virginia and California; but I wish to call ;
the attention of the Senate and the people to the j
very extraordinary character of the proposition i
submitted by the Senator from California. The ;
proposition is to instruct the Postmaster General j
—not to authorize him, but to direct him to enter j
into a contract to carry the mail. _ j
Mr. WELLER. 1 have no objection to strike j
out the word " direct," and insert " authorize,"
if that will obviate the Senator's objection.
Mr. IVERSON. That will not obviate the
objection with me. I wish to show the extraor-
di nary character of this proposition in a few words.
We now have a contract to carry the malls to
California over the Panama route, twice a mouth,
at $700,000 a year. This proposition is to carry
another mail oyer the Cohtinen tstf500,000 ayeaty
so that the expense of carrying1 the mails from the
Atlantic States to the Pacific will be $1,200,000 a
year—equal to at least one eighth of the! cost-of
the whole mail service of the united States. "Tire-
whole mail service of the United States does-A&t'
cost more than from eight totfti million dollars.
Here is a proposition to pay |1,200,000 to carry
the mails to California. I think our friends in
California, will be like the constituents of Mr.
Sheridan, who had raised their price for votes'.
When addressing them from the husting, he said
to them: " My dear friends, always dear, but now
dearer than ever." [Laughter.]
There is another very extraordinary feature of
this proposition. The mail now carried to Cal-
fornia is seventeen thousand pounds, as the hon-
orable Senatorsuggested; and here isapropositi&n
to pay $500,000for carryingfour hundred pounds.
According to the same ratio the Panama company
ought to have $2,100,000 a year. You see the
extraordinary absurdity of the measure on its
face.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a mere question of
order, and I hope we shall settle that before We
discuss the merits of the proposition.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to say a word in
answer to my volunteer adversary from Georgia.
He thinks California is better treated than Geor-
gia. Let us see. The Senator from Georgia can
correspond with his constituents daily. His con-
stituents pay no more than three cents on each
letter. My constituents are compelled to pay ten
cents on the letters which they get, and they re-
ceive them only twice a month. Is there no ill-
equality in this ? Do you desire to have ffocldse*
connection with this Union than you now have?
I do not desire to prolong this discussion. I did
not see my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
here, who is usually checking me, but I see him
now, and I shall stop.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on receiving the amendment of the Senator
from California.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Jlessis. Adams, Allen, liigler, Bright, Brown,
Cass, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
llaslan, Houston, James.. Jones of Iowa, Jones ofTennes-
st e, Pratt. Pugli, Sewaid, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade1, Vv"cil':r, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell ofN£\v Hairtpsliire, Biggl,
Batter, Clayton, Hunter, Ivereon, MafMry, Mason, rearee,
Held, Sebastian, Shdell, and Yulee—M.
So the amendment was received. On its ado'pi
tion,
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out the Word
" directed," and insert " authorized."
Mr. WELLER. I accept that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment as modified, resulted—yeas 26,
nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams., Allen, Bigler, Bright, Brown,
Cass, Clay, collamer, Dodge. Douglas, Durkee, Fool, Fos-
ter. Over, Harlan, Houston,'.Tones of Iowa, Jonoa of Ten-
nessee, Pi ail, 1'ugli, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
Weiler, and Wilson— '26.
KAYS—Mcssi-. Bajnid, Bell of New Hampshire, Biggs,
Brodliead, Clajtoa, Fttzp;Unck, Hale, Hunter, Iverson,
Maliorv, Mason, Pearce, Keid, Sebastian, SMeU, Thom-
son of New Jeisey, Toombs, and Yuiee—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have an amendment to
offer:
Jmi he it further enacted. That the Postmaster General
be and lie is liercby, authorized and directed to contract
on, or before,the 1st dav of July. Iffi6,and regularly there-
aftei.to carry tilts mails of ilie United States between New
Uileans, or some other point ou the Gulf of Mexico, ant!
Sau Francisco, twice a month m each direction, at a sum
not exceeding §480.000 a year: ProoUed, In his opinion,
the mads can he thus carried in one third less time than
that now renuirod by other mail routes.
.4nrf be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized in his discretion to contract Willi s-nch
person oi persons as will double the above serviee between
IVew Orleans and San Francisco, with the same condition
m lelation to time, and at a price not' exceeding §750,000
per annum, and. in such latter case, he may terminate
existing contracts for the saine mail service, according to
the provision of law.
1 do not wish to detain the Senate. The Post
Office Committee, I believe, are opposed to this
amendment on the simple ground (and of that I
should like to be informed) that the Postmaster
