18 W.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBl.
w 
to the construction which the honorable gentle-
men on the other side contend for—namely, that
the term "contracting party" means, not the
executive party to the treaty representing the
United States, but the legislative power—Con-
gress. When you say the "United States,"
what do you mean? You mean the United States
in that capacity in which you speak of it accord-
ing to the organization of our Government. That
capacity in this case is not the power to abrogate
a treaty by an act of the legislative, but it is the
treaty-making, power.
When the resolution under which the notice
was given was before the Senate on a former oc-
casion, though it passed without discussion, it
struck me that the notice would be sufficient. I
certainly think so still. In other words, the act
done by the President and Senate, the will ex-
pressed by them that the consent to the treaty
should continue no longer than one year after the
notice being given, became incorporated in the
treaty just as much as the adjudication of a ref-
eree would be; and, ipso facto, by the operation
of the treaty itself, it is terminated: it is not ab-
rogated, but terminates in itself and of itself.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, a treaty,
when ratified, has two distinct characters attached
to it. In relation to the foreign country, it is a
contract. In relation to our own people, it is a
law. I apprehend that, in order to terminate a
treaty, it must be terminated in both characters.
I do not speak now of a mutual arrangement for
the termination of a treaty by a new treaty be-
tween this and another country, for that is another
matter, and is altogether out of this case;
Now, sir, it is undoubtedly true that the Senate,
the House of Representatives, and the President
•together,,have the power to abrogate a treaty.
They have power to disregard their plighted
faith, if they please. They may make for it
.whatever excuses they think proper, but the
naked power, I take it, exists. It is like the case
of an individual who has the power to abrogate
his contract if he pleases, but he must take the
consequences of breaking it. He may think
those consequences of less importance than a
fulfillment of the contract, and of course he is to
be the judge of that, so far as his own action is
concerned. When a treaty is abrogated entirely,
it is repealed as a laV by the act of the two
Houses of Congress and the consent of the Pres-
ident.
The Senator from Massachusetts has referred
to the act of Congress, passed in 1798, abrogating
the treaties with France of 1778 and 1793. The
treaty of 1778 was the great and leading one
which it was the object of that act to reach. The
treaty of 1793 was a mere consular convention.
During the revolutionary war, in the year 1778,
we entered into an alliance, offensive and defens-
ive, with France; and among other things, we
agreed to guaranty to her forever the possession
of her West India colonies, and to grant her
certain privileges in our harbors in reference to
the fitting out of ships. That treaty, together
with the consular treaty of 1793, became matters
of difficulty after the commencement of the French
Hevolution. Attempts were made to fit out
'French privateers in our ports; and the British
were at the same time threatening the West India
possessions ofFrance. In this situation ofthings,
the engagements of those treaties trenched so
much on our neutral rights as to induce this
Government deliberately, by a law passed by
Congress, and approved by the President, to abro-
gate and repeal those treaties entirely. _
It is true, the preamble to that act gives some
reason for the repeal; but no matter what the
reason may be, the abrogation was a breach of
the treaty; and this circumstance is one of the
great elements of difficulty in regard to the pay-
ment of spoliations committed by France on
our commerce before the year 1800. It has been
considered that our repeal or abrogation of the
treaty was the consideration for abandoning all
claim on France for spoliations committed by her
prior to the year 1800. It is considered that the
obligation to pay those claims against the French
Government was assumed by us in consequence
of our having abrogated the treaties of 1778 and
1793.
Now, sir, a treaty having the double capacity
- of which I have spoken—containing the two es-
sential qualifications of being a compact with a
foreign nation. and a law for our own people—the
question is how can it be ended? Certainly it
cannot be ended in the one respect and not in the
other. I believe the old precept was that you
should have the same law for the foreigner within
your gates as for your own people. Surely, sir,
m regard to our foreign intercourse we must have
the same law binding on our own"people which
is binding on the nation with whom we make the
contract. A treaty must have both the essential
qualities of which I have spoken, in order to be
a treaty with binding force.
If we make a treaty reserving in its provision
a right to put an end to it, what is the effect of
that reservation ? The purpose for which it is
put in is, that if, after experiment and full trial,
we find that it is not to our interest to continue
its provisions longer, we may put an end to it
without its termination being a matter of offense
to the other party. That is the whole effect of
such a provision. When we abrogate, as we un-
doubtedly have the power to do, a treaty con-
taining in it no such provision, it becomes not
only a matter of claim for damages on the part
of the other nation, but even cause of war; and at
the very time of abrogation war may be in the
contemplation of the parties. We may abrogate
it because we prefer war to maintaining longer
the provisions of the treaty. It is for the pur-
pose of getting rid of such a claim for damages,
or to avoid giving ground for war, that the pro-
vision has been put into some treaties that, after
a certain time on trial, we may terminate its
provisions without that termination being a
matter of offense to the other side. That is the
whole effect of the provision of this treaty which
has been commented on. When I speak of put-
ting an end to a treaty, I mean, of course, the
putting an end to it in both the characters belong-
ing to every treaty. I think it must be put an
end to by the power which makes and unmakes
law, because it is a law.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to put S question to
the Senator. If 1 understand him correctly, he
contends that it is not competent for the Pres-
ident and the Senate to give notice to terminate
this treaty, because that would be equivalent to
a repeal of the treaty; which he likens to the case
of, the repeal of a law, because the Constitution
declares a treaty to be a law. That is the reason,
as I understand him, wh.y he contends that the
law-making power is required to give the notice.
Now, I ask the Senator whether it is not com-
petent for the President and Senate to make a
treaty with Denmark which would effectually
abrogate every provision of this treaty by a new
one ?
Mr. COLLAMER. That would be by the
consent of the two nations.
Mr. MASON. My question is, whether the
President and Senate could not make a new treaty
with Denmark, which would abrogate all the
provisions of this treaty, and which would re-
peal the law, to use the Senator's analogy? I
think it cannot be done if the Senator is right in
his illustration.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator had paid attention to my remarks, he would
have found an answer to his question.
Mr. MASON.. I was listening to the Senator
with great interest and attention.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say that the power to
end a treaty by the mutual consent of the two
parties is a matter which is not involved in the
question before us. That is a matter of new
contract, and the proper functionaries of this
Government for the formation of such a contract
are pointed out by theConstitution. Those func-
tionaries are the President and two thirds of the
Senate. They may make a treaty, and when
they have made it they may unmake it by the
creation of a new treaty to take its place; but
that requires the united action of the two nations.
The functionaries for the performance of that act
on our side are pointed out by the Constitution.
This, however, is not a case which involves that
consideration.
I have been remarking on the nature of a treaty
when it has been regularly formed and ratified by
this Government. I said that it had two charac-
ters. I said that the provision allowing an end
to be put to it by notice, without offense to the
other side, is only put in, if I may use the ex-
pression, ex ebuttdanti eautula, so as to avoid any
offense to the other side; but that does not"at all
absolve us from the proper,manner of putting Sin
end to it. That is another thing.
Mr. TO (ICE Y. I wish to ask the Senator
question on that point. I would ask .whether iti
that case,.the notice being given; it is not matter
ofcontr'actby wiiichthe treatyi'sterminated? In
such a case, is it not terminated by contract Be-
tween the two nations ? ; .
Mr. COLLAMER, I will come to tlvat point
directly; it shall not escape my attention. The
Senator from Connecticut seems to suppose that,
if the treaty contains a provision for terminating
it by notice, the President and the Senate ar<e the
parties to give that notice, inasmuch as they iriacfe
the treaty. That I deny. It is altogether a won
sequitur. It is really begging'the question. That
is the very question which we have before us.
Where did we get such a power? How do we
deduce it? Do we deduce it from the treaty( or
from any constitutional power of the Govern-
ment ? Because I invest a man with power to
make a contract for me, and in that contract au-
thorize the insertion of a provision that I may put
an end to it, or that the other party may put an
end to it, have I therefore invested that agent.with
power to put an end to it ? Certainly not. That
does not follow from the power to make the con-
tract, howSver plenary that may be. Though the
contract may contain a provision for putting an
end to it without offense, the insertion of such a
provision does not invest my agent with power to
put an end to it. That is the point on wjiich the
^Senator from Connecticut and myself differ.. It
is the very point before us. I do not see where
the source of that power is derived. I cannot
find it anywhere. It does not follow from the
insertion of a provision that the treaty may be
ended on notice.. The contract doe's not provide
that the President and Senate should^ have that
power. I very much doubt whether it could, so
provide. Without touching that point, however,
I say no such power is to be found in the treaty.
Where, then, can this power be derived ? Cer-
tainly but two modes of accomplishing the'object
are known to our Constitution. One is to make
a new treaty which shall supersede the old one.
The other is tp abrogate the old treaty by the
law-making power of the land.
I will here say, that I do not, consider that
there has been any great mistake , committed in
this matter in the action of the'^enate. I had'not
the honor of a seat in this body at the time of tne
passage of the resolution directing the President
to give this notice; but it seems to mc that tfie
President of the United States might at any time,
especially with the, advice and consent of the
Senate, tell any nation, " I give you notice now
that we mean to put an end to the treaty we made."
I think he might do this, although the treaty con-
tained no provision for giving'the notice. But I
do not say that giving such a notice would put
an end to the treaty. That is an entirely different
question. I say he can give such a notice; arid
he may, from his knowledge of the public opinion
of the,country, be perfectly satisfied that the Con-
gress of the United States will put an end to tile
treaty at a future day, when he cliooses to apprise
them of it; but because lie does it he does hot
thereby put an end to the treaty.
Mr. MASON. 'Will'the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion to him
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. If this subject is referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I shall cer-
tainly have profited very much by the discussion
which has taken place. I wish to put a question
to the Senator: Suppose the treaty contained'"a
provision (as it might very well have done) that
either party should have the liberty of terminating
the tenth and eleventh sections, would it then
require the law-making power to terminate those
two sections and leave the rest unimpaired ? It
strikes me that, according to his interpretation, if
you terminate two sections of the treaty, leaving
the rest unimpaired, you thereby require the law-
making power to. do that.
Mr. COLLAMER. It did not require the Sen-
ator's precautionary notice of the consequences
that are to follow my answer, in order to enable
me to make that answer. I consider the power io
abrogate a part as resting on the same "ground aa
the power to abrogate the whole.
