594
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
have no doubt there are as many of them: Dur-
ing Mr. Adams's administration, Captain Isaac
Phillips was removed January 10, 1799 ; during
Mr. Jefferson's time, Captain Thomas Baker was
removed April 13, 1801; Captain R. V. Morris,
May 14, 1804. During Mr. Madison's adminis-
tration, Captain T. Montgomery Lewis was
removed January 7,1815; and during Mr. Mon-
roe's administration, Captain Samuel Angus,
June 21, 1824. These were all captains. 1 come
now to lieutenants. During Mr. Adams's admin-
istration , Lieutenant Joseph Torrey was removed
January 14, 1800; and under Mr. Jefferson's
administration, Lieutenant R. Warren was re-
moved May 10,1801;Lieutenant Stephen Clough,
September 29, 1801; Lieutenant W. C. Jenks
May 28,1804; Lieutenant A. Lincoln, April 10,
1805; Lieutenant John Spriggs, April 22, 1805;
Lieutenant S. H. Grenel, August 1, ]807. Dur-
ing General Jackson's administration, Lieuten-
ant R. B. Randolph was removed April 29,1833;
Lieutenant Edmund Byrne, March 31, 1836;
Lieutenant Hampton Westcott, March 31,1836.
During General Harrison's administration, Lieu-
tenant William D. Hurst was removed April 12,
1845; and during Mr. Fillmore's administration,
Lieutenant Chanes G. Hunter was removed June i
10, 1851. This officer was reinstated; but was
again removed January 29, 1855.
Now I come to the surgeons. Surgeon G. R.
Jacques was removed April 25,1808; J. Hand,
Apnl9,1810;E. L. DuBarry,November5,1829;
H. S. Coulter, December 26, 1843. Of assistant
surgeons, N. Tisdale was removed April 16,1804;
T. J. H. Cushing, March 5, 1810; J. Trevett,
April 9, 1810; E. D. Morrison, February 16,
1818; W. A. Browning in 1826; T. V. Wisen-
thal, April 7, 1829; William Belt, April 7, 1829;
J R. Boyce, April 7, 1829; Gideon White, Jr.,
January 12, 1832; C. Moore, November 21,1834.
Mr. TOOMBS. The class of cases which the
gentleman is reading is that of offices which the
law created and authorized the incumbents to be
dismissed by the President. Indeed, he had the
right to fix the number at pleasure.
Mr. MALLORY. I have read lists of captains,
lieutenanU, surgeons, and assistant surgeons in
the NavyT In the Marine Corps there were re-
moved Captain J. L. Kuhn, April 7,1832; Lieu-
tenant JamesTallman, January 2,1799; Lieuten-
ant J. Anderson, September, 1811; Lieutenant
F. S. Neville, April 30, 1830; Lieutenant D. C.
Powers, July 10, 1837; Lieutenant J. W. Cur-
tiss, August 26,1853. The Engineer-in-Chief of
the Navy, C. H. Haswell, was removed May
14,1852. Pursers and chaplains have also been
removed to the following extent: Purser George
Wiley, October 8, 1800; S. Hanson, July 16,
1811; L. Deblois, May 27,1829; P. A. Southall,
March 21, 1840; J. Colston, March 24, 1840;
James Brooke, July 21, 1840; W. P. Zantzinger,
January 17,1844; John N. Todd, November 11,
1845; W. H. Kennon, November 16, 1849; D.
Walker, February 24,1853; Chaplains, William
Petty, February 28, 1808; William Robinson,
May 29, 1809; E. McLaughlin, October 2,1829.
Mr. TOOMBS. Were not some of these offi-
cers removed in accordance with provisions of
law reducing the service to which they were at-
tached ? It seems to me, from hearing the names
read, that many of them are of that character.
Mr. MALLORY. Lieutenant Charles G.
Hunter was removed as an acting purser. ;
Mr. TOOMBS. The history of the country, ■
from 1789 downwards, shows that the Army and
Navy and Marine Corps have been enlarged and
diminished from time to time. They were in-
creased in 1799, on account of the French war.
t y waa re(toced in 1802, and again in
18U6. It was increased in 1812, and reduced again
?oof if ci?se of tlle war w'th Great Britain. In
1834, the Marine Corps was again enlarged.
As I said the other day in my argument, in
which I produced all the authorities on the sub-
ject, there has been no authoritative acknowledg-
ment of the power of the Executive to remove a
naval officer of the United States. The power to
remove a military officer is given by the act of
1806, by legislative grant, not by virtue of execu-
tive power under the Constitution.
Th  case of Lieutenant Hunter, to whom the
Senator alluded, and several of these cases, were
those of men dismissed from the service, who
afterwards came back again. I know that it was
so in regard to Hunter. There is one case of a
distinguished officer, in 1802, in the reduction,
who went back. Whether all the cases which
the Senator has cited are of that character I know
not. I have not affirmed that no such instances
existed before the removal of Lieutenant Ran-
dolph. 1 only say that I do not know the circum-
stances of any case anterior to that time. There
may be some such as the Senator has stated; but
many of those whose names he has given I know
were dropped in pursuance of law, both in the
Marine Corps and in the Navy. Between 1798 and
1806, there were many additions made to the Navy,
and the law-making power gave the President the
express authority to lessen the number whenever
he pleased. Therefore, I think, an examination
of the Senator's cases may show them to have
been done under authority of law; others of them
doubtless came under the general law requiring
the dismissal of all officers who are in arrears,
who have public money in their hands. If the
Senator from Florida will give me the facts of all
of his cases, I doubt not but that the greater part
of his list will be found to come under the direct
operation of laws passed by Congress; and there-
fore the acts were done in pursuance of legislative,
not executive power.
The Legislature having controlled the appoint-
ing power from the beginning of the Government
until this time, this control being founded on
express constitutional grant, I have assumed it as
a sound principle in my amendment, and pursue
it. I assumed it also on another ground—the one
argued by the Senator from Kentucky and myself.
If you authorize a board of fifteen officers to do
one thing, and they do another, their action is
void. If you authorize them to examine the offi-
cers incapable of doing their duty, and they dis-
miss the whole Navy capriciously, according to
the argument on the other side, in that event there
would be no constitutional power in the two
branches of Congress to remedy the evil. I put
the case to the Senate and the country. The
Senator from Florida tells us thatthese men have
been dismissed according to law. If he has sat-
isfied Senators of that, let them vote so. If it
be true that this board had the authority, and if
they have pursued their authority, their action is
good within the scope of the power conferred
upon them; and it is truer according to my prin-
ciples than according to his, because I hold that
Congress has absolute dominion over the Army
and Navy—primary constitutional power. There-
fore I say, that if this board acted within the scope
of the authority conferred by Congress, their
action is good, but not otherwise. My bill is
based, first, on the idea that the President has no
power of removal of himself; and secondly, that
if he and the board had the power under the law
in question, the law must be strictly followed out,
and that it has been violated in the case of these
officers, and therefore all proceedings under it are
void.
The Senator from Louisiana tells us that the
board was not a court. Suppose it to be so.
The authority under which they acted, whether as
board or as court, was the act of Congress; and
whether they were a court or an advisory board,
if they transcended their authority, their action
is just as void as if it was an excess of authority
by a court of limited jurisdiction. Where is the
difference? None can be pointed out. If any-
where in this country you give to commissioners
of roads or anybody else a statutory power, and
they transcend it, this same principle applies to
all such bodies as well as courts.
The Senator from Louisiana admits the objec-
tion, but attempts to elude its force by saying
against prerogative, and I am met by the advo-
cates of prerogative and despotism. 1 do not
contend that these men are tenants for life in their
offices. I say the law can dismiss them at any
time, but I say the Executive cannot do it. They
are charged with claiming a life estate in their
Lnu' l0?!186 the7 simply ask that their offices
shall be held according to the tenure of law. The
Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from
Delaware nave charged them with claiming an
estate for life, when they simply ask to hold their
offices by law. They are told they must hold
them by Executive pleasure, and that the tran-
scendent power of the Executive overrides Con-
gress, overrides the representatives of the people
in the other branch, overrides the Senate, over-
rides justice, overrides sound principle. We
deny it. We demand the proof. I have again
and again shown that they cannot instance a
parallel to it in any civilized country on the face
of the earth. Sir, that most atrocious and unwar-
rantable of all findings, that against the Savior
of mankind, was upon a hearing and demand of
" Guilty or not guilty?" When Christ was
crucified by the Jews, when they " threw away
a pearl richer far than all their tribe," Pilate
offered a hearing to his innocent victim.
From 1215, when the barons at RunnymeBe
extorted the great charter from King John, this
principle has been asserted and maintained"where
the English language has been heard. Humanity
demands it everywhere. Yet we are told that it
is merely a question of bread — of losing office.
The principle cannot be eluded. The Senator
from Louisiana, and the Secretary of the Navy,
and the Senator from Florida, analogize this to
the case of the dismissal of army officers on the
reduction of the army in 1815. I have already
alluded to the circumstances of tfiat case. Then
Congress set up no secret tribunal to assassinate
the reputations of the men who had defended the
country. They did not set up judges who were
interested in violating right by promoting them-
selves. This base iniquity remained for our day;
for the last year—1855. No such principle has
been asserted in this country heretofore. As far
as I am concerned as a Senator, by no vote, by
no voice, by no act of mine, with precedent or
without, so help me God, as I love liberty and
the Constitution, will I ever consent to it while
resistance is possible. I will vindicate here every
outraged man whom you may present who has
been stricken down unjustly. I have not gone
personally into the cases of these men. I have
rested upon a great principle; I have endeavored
to vindicate their rights, and not to try the ques-
tion of guilt or innocence.
The Senator from Louisiana tells us that no
man such as I described, who had violated every
injunction of the Decalogue, was fit for the Navy.
I aid not say that he was. This is a mere hand-
some, adroit statement to round a fallacy. I stated
in my argument that there were laws passed, in
pursuance of the Constitution, by Congress, from
1789 down, under which a man could be tried
and dismissed from the service for any crime
which he might commit. I said that this board
had no right to try people, because they were
bad—because they were vicious. The power was
not conferred on them. Can the President arrest
and put in prison all the people in Washington
city whom he supposes to be felons or thieves ?
Is this the doctrine to be taught in an American
Senate ? The law had indicated all the crimes
for which a naval officer was liable to be punished,
and had provided a public tribunal for his trial,
where he might be heard, where he might defend
himself, where he would be liable to condemna-
tion or acquittal, by the judgment of his peers and
the laws of the land, on a fair, open trial, with a
this is not a court, and therefore the argument : full hearing, where he could be confronted with
falls. The principle is universal in regard to
every description of persons who may be the re-
cipients of authority.
We hear again to-day the stuff in regard to a
property in an office. The gentlemen on the
other side would put the property in the offices
of this country in the President. They are the
men who would put this extraordinary power
where the enemies of free government have always
put it—in the hands of the Executive. I stand
here on this great question, vindicating privilege
the accusers and the witnesses. Congress had
provided all the essential requisites which for
centuries had been deemed necessary to protect
innocence against frauds and falsehoods and bad
judgments—just such judgments as have been
rendered by this board. We have the evidence
now of what they did. It has been alluded to by
my friend from Kentucky. These fifteen officers,
this gallant young blood which, we were told, was
wanted to supply hope in the place of memory
in the Navy, were engaged in this city, in the
