1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of New York—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. or Reps.
year of grace 1855, secretly writing letters to
.procure testimony against their comrades, giving
'credence to whispered slanders, and trying men
for cheating in mess-bills ten years ago. Suppose
a man did cheat in a mess-bill: was it manly in
them to try him in this way, and try him, too,
( by the accuser, who was foiled at the time of the
'• transaction ? Is there a man in America who will
approve this conduct—will allow any person,
whethei guilty or innocent, to be thus tried in
secret, by his own foiled accuser?
Gentlemen have spoken to us of the honor of the
Navy, which they allege to have been vindicated by
this board. Sir, when this transaction comes to
be thoroughly known, as it will be known by the ,
American people, it will be considered an honor :
to have been black-balled by such a tribunal. I
shalllookupon it as,an evidenceof merit,because,
if these officers are criminals—if there was testi-
mony sufficient to condemn them, their enemies |
would never have feared to come forth publicly i
and produce it. They might have taken this very 1
man to whom I have alluded, before a court-martial ;
at any time within the last ten years. Why was
it not done?
My friend from Louisiana says that the find-
ings of the board were not judgments. Mr.
Dobbin says that they are judgments. He says
that they are "findings." The President says ,
1 they are findings. ThePresidentsays," lapprove
/ the ' finding' of this board;" putting marks of
f quotation on the word " finding," showing that
> his action was altogether in pursuance of it. It
' is true that the Secretary told them, when they
\ met, that they were an advisory board; but when
> he had got a snap-judgment he called it a finding,
i a judgment, and told the President that it was &
judgment and finding, into the basis of which-Jie
had no right to look. " ThTs fs QTe proceeding
wKMi isTTSuefilpTed to be upheld here on these
principles.
So far as the provisions of my bill, Mr. Presi-
! dent, are concerned, it goes "upon the principle of
tallowing every man who protests against this
jurisdiction to have a fair trial. Its next princi-
ple is, that they shall be bound by the judgments
rendered on this new trial if approved by the
^•President. It proposes next to relieve the Navy
* from this difficulty in the future; and it also de-
, clares, as we have too many officers, that there
shall be no promotions. I seek to do it, I admit,
by virtue of the omnipotence of the power in the
Legislature to control the Navy and the Army
of this country, and there I shall stand.
Mr. MALLORY. When the Senator from
Georgia was endeavoring to convince the Senate
that the consistent practice from the foundation
of the Government was wrong, and that there is
good reason now to depart from it, I wish that,
instead of going back to the Saviour of mankind,
and the assembled barons at Runnymede, he had
taken the laws of the land, the opinion of the
statesmen of the country, the uniform practice' of
every President of the United States, and the
consistent opinions of every attorney general who
has been called upon to give a judgment upon the
point. He alludes to Mr. Madison. Sir, Mr.
Madison assisted in framing the Constitution,
and assisted in its exposition in the Federalist;
and he, in the first Congress of the United States,
supported the doctrine enunciated so ably by the
Senator from Louisiana to-day. Mr. Justice
Marshall, in his Life of Washington, devotes
almost a chapter to this subject, and, alluding to
the action of 1789, says: *
" As the bill passed into a law, ithas ever been considered
as a full expression of the sense of the Legislature on this
important part of the American Constitution."
This is Marsha® 's authority. I cited yesterday
Story's Commentaries, Kent's Commentaries,
and Sergeant's Constitutional Law; and I defy
the Senator from Georgia to find a single dictum
of any American judge or jurist, in any book
ever quoted in a court of justice, to gainsay it.
Now,sir,whatis the use of declamation? What
is the use of comparing this to the condition of
the Saviour of mankind ? If the Senator wished
to inform the American Senate, and the mind of
the American public, why not refer to the practice
of our own Government? It is not a new point.
.On almost every occasion, when a military officer
nas been dismissed from the service, the President
has consulted the attorney general of the land.
(The point has been argued and investigated over
(and over again; and in Attorney General Clifford s
{opinion on this subject, will be found a train of
argument perfectly unanswerable. In Mr. Le-
sgare's opinion, twice delivered, he will find the
same thing. Mr. Legare said, that if the executive
j power extended to civil officers, much more should
ut extend to the military and naval officers of the
i Government.
, The Senator from Georgia appealed to know
. where instances were to be found in the Navy for
i the exercise of this power of dismissal by the
President? I furnished him with a whole list of
fifty-one cases; and the moment I furnished him
with it he dropped the subject entirely, and did
not allude to it again. He wanted some practical
illustration of the exercise of executive power; I
have furnished it from the days of Adams and
Jefferson to the present moment.
He is entirely mistaken in supposing that
President Jackson dismissed Lieutenant Ran-
dolph for the offense to which he has alluded.
Randolph was out of the Navy when he assault-
ed President Jackson. He dismissed him for no
j such cause. He was out of the service at the
: time. But, sir, it is useless to travel beyond the
foundations of the Government to illustrate its
I laws and Constitution. When we undertake to
show what are the laws of the land, if we trace
them up to the foundation of the Government,
and prove that they have been consistently ad-
ministered and never departed from, I think we I
have established a statement which is incontro- ;
vertible.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Allow me to ask the
I honorable chairman whether Mr. Randolph was
not removed by President Jackson because of a
failure to account for public moneys placed in his
hands?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And was not the Pres-
ident, for that cause, expressly commanded by |
law to remove him ? !
Mr. MALLORY. I have not the statute be-'
fore me to which the Senator refers, but I think
the law was subsequently passed, to meet such
cases. A similar one is the case of Lieutenant
Charles G. Hunter. He was removed for mil-
itary offenses, without a trial, and afterwards for
a failure to account as acting purser. I think the
law in regard to accounts was passed after the
removal of Randolph. He was removed by Gen-
eral Jackson because he refused to account; and
after he was removed he committed this offense,-
and the law was'passed.
POLITICS OP NEW YOBK.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN KELLY,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. KELLY said:
Mr. Chairman: My brief experience in this
body naturally renders me reluctant to speak, and
especially upon topics not connected with the
practical business immediately invoking the action
of the House. I trust, therefore, you will be dis-
Eosed to indulge me with the more patience in
reaking, at this time, the silence I have so long
observed. A wise man has remarked that there
are two occasions when speech is preferable to
silence: first, when you treat of what you per-
fectly understand; and, secondly, when you treat
of matters concerning which it is necessary to
speak. In what I have to say on the politics of
New York, I think lean show that both of these
requirements are in my case fulfilled.
Aspersions have been repeatedly cast in this
House upon the nationality and good name of
the Democratic party of my State, and especially
of the wing of it with which I am associated;
and it becomes my duty, as the sole representa-
tive of that party, from the greatest city ia the
Union, to refute them. That I, who have all
my life shared in the struggles, the triumphs, and
the reverses of that party, am qualified to dis-
cuss these matters intelligently, no one, I presume,
will deny.
Mr. Chairman, I claim to represent the pure-
blooded, uncontaminated Democracy of New-
York, the Democracy of Tammany Hall—a De-
mocracy which has always followed where Dem-
ocratic principles lead the way—a Democracy
which has never sacrificed its cardinal doctrines
to a short-lived expediency—a Democracy which
! has weathered, through evil report and through
| good report, all the storms which the rage of its
opponents could raise against it, and which, be
it remembered, has neverfalteredin its allegiance
and support to any Democratic Administration,
from the time of Jefferson to this hour. This
party has sometimes been called the'Soft-Shell
party, in distinction from the Hards—a faction
whose leaders, though arrogating the Democratic
name, are but Know Nothings in disguise, and
who, though pretending to an extra nationality
of sentiment, have always been the pliant tools
of the Whigs and the so-called Republicans.
Before I proceed to vindicate the truth of his-
tory, as the gentleman from Ohio has it, let me
first lay down the principles which I, in common
with other members of the united Democracy of
New York, entertain upon the great political ques-
tions which are now in issue before the country,
and upon which the approaching presidential bat-
tle is to be fought. Of these, the first and para-
mount is the question of slavery in the Territo-
ries.
Upon this question we hold to the doctrine of
non-intervention—to the principle ofthe Nebraska,
bill, which leaves the people of the Territory per-
fectly free to regulate their domestic institutions as
seems to them best, according to the same rights,
on the subject of establishing or excluding sla-
very, as belong to the people of the several States.
This we believe a safe principle, which should be
satisfactory to all sections of the Union, and the
only principle the adoption of which is consist-
ent with the stability and harmony ofthe Union.
We would leave the matter of slavery in theTer-
ritories to be decided between the anti-Blavery
and the pro-slavery settlers by the peaceful arbit-
rament of the ballot-box, which, in all political
contentions, should be the last resort of the
American citizen. This is the only way to avoid
that sectional animosity and strife which will in-
evitably follow the application of the Wilmot
proviso, or any other unnecessary or unwise re-
striction of popular liberty, to the Territories of
this country.
This is no occasion for me, Mr. Chairman, to
argue the constitutionality of the principle of the
Nebraska bill, though I have no doubt as to its
entire accordance with the letter and spirit of the
Constitution. I am no lawyer, nor am I skilled
in the discussion of anything but questions which
can be solved by the untutored common sense of
the masses whom I represent. But I insist on
the doctrine of the Kansas and Nebraska act;
because, first, it is just to the people of the Ter-
ritories themselves; secondly, it is just to the
people of the States in both the great divisions of
the country—-the North and the South; and,
thirdly, it is the only principle which can be
adopted consistently with the safety and peace of
the Union.
Mr. Chairman,it is not uncommon for certain
gentlemen to speak slightingly of that Union, as if
it were not what its founders intended it to be—
the safeguard of our liberties and the admiration
of the oppressed millions abroad, who look for-
ward to its benign protection. We, sir, the De-
mocracy of the Empire State, do notshare in such
atrocious sentiments. We honor, revere, and
shall always exert our utmost efforts to uphold
and perpetuate it, presenting an undivided front
against any party or faction, under whatever
guise they may appear, whose policy even indi-
rectly menaces its stability. We would maintain
it as the work of the wise and brave men who
underwent the horrors of a seven-years' war to
establish our national independence, and to form
that confederation of States which stands before
the world the noblest example of that principle of
