596
APPfcNblk TO THE ^ON&flfcSSTONAL
[Mfay 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of New York—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
eeJl-governmentfor which we are now contending.
Ay, sir, and we would not only perpetuate it
for ourselves, but we would extend its blessings
and protection to regions less favored than ours,
until the whole continent of North America, from
the Arctic ocean to the Isthmus, shall be sheltered
by its starry "flag. We respond to the sentiment
®f the poet of New York, whose verses, how-
ever, at this time, I admire mere than his poli-
tics:
" Great were the hearts, and strong the minds,
Of those ivho framed in high debate
The immortal league of love that binds
Our fair, broad empire, State witii State.
« That noble race have gone; the suns
Of sixty years hAve risen and set;
Vet the bright Jinks those chosen ones
So strongly forged are brighter yet.
«< Wide *s our own free raee increase,
Wide shall extend the elastic chain,
And bind in everlasting peace
State after State, a mighty train."
Such being our estimate of the priceless value
of the Union, and such our hopes of its perpetuity
and extension, we have ever " frowned indig-
nantly," to use the words of the Father of his
Country, upon any sectional agitation which might
tend to overthrow or put it in jeopardy. Such an
agitation is the slavery agitation; ana we hailed
and acquiesced in any measures which were cal-
culated to suppress it. The Missouri compro-
mise line was, to be sure, unsound in policy, and
abortive in its results; yet, for the sake of peace,
we were resigned to its continuance. When,
however, the exigencies of the time demanded its
"■repeal and the introduction of the,great principle
of non-intervention by Congress, and of popular
sovereignty, we advocated that repeal and planted
ourselves firmly upon that principle. And here
I and the great body of the united Democracy of
my State stand at this day. We have embla-
zoned the great principle of the Nebraska bill
*lpon our banner; and under this sign, iq our
future political contests, we expect to conquer.
But,Mr. Chairman, I have heard of some men
*rho, to gratify the indignation arising from their |
discomfiture in the triumph of the Nebraska bill,
seek to restore the Missouri restriction to the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. This
'Measure, so notoriously violative of the spirit of
-the Constitution and of the equality of the States,
they would make their presidential rallying-cry
.ana their party Shibboleth. They wouldgain the I
•possession of the Federal Government, and exert :
its whole - power to give life to the obsolete and '
exploded humbug of a former generation. What
folly, what madness is this, which would peril
the very existence as well as the harmony of the
Union for the sake of so. vain an abstraction!
To these men, if any of them have borne the
.honored name of Democrat, let me quote the Ian-
£nage of the great Jackson, in his Farewell Ad-
dress to the People of the United States:
t, " The Constitution cannot be maintained, nor the Union
breserved, in opposition to public feeling, bvthe mere exer-
tion of the coercive powers eofiMed to the Geheral Gov-
ernment. The foundations must be laid In the affections
of the people, in the security it gives to life, liberty, char-
acter, and property in every quarter of the country, and in
,tl e fw'Urnal attachment which the citizens of the several
.States bear to one another as members of One political fam-
■ fly, mutaally contributing to promote the happiness of each
other. Hence, the citizens of every State should avoid
pverjthing calculated to wound the sensibilities or offend
the just pride' or the people of'other States; and they should
frown upon any proceedings within their own borders likely
to disturb the tranquillity of their political brethren in other
portions of the Union."   * * " All such efforts," he
.adds, " are in direct opposition to the spirit in which the
•i Upton wto formed, imd must endanger its safety. Motives
. ® phiranthrtpy may be assigned for this unwarrantable in- |
ter/crenee, and weak men may persuade themselves fbr a
jopmeat that they are laboring in the cause of humanity. [
and asserting the rights of the human race j but every one '
will See that nothing but mischief can come from these i
Improper assaults upon the feelings and rights of others.
JSefet assured that the men found busy in this work of discord
reprobation^ !/0Ur confiiaice> <**d deserve your strongest
; - Mr. Chairman, I doubt the right of Congress
•to impose a prohibition of slavery upon the Ter-
ritories; but evein were the right established be-
yond denial, I should oppose, as I always have
-supposed, its exercise. The views of my political
associates and myself upon this point are so ably
.'fiet forth irv the address of our last Democratic
State convention, held at Syracuse in January of
the present year, that I will dispense with any
remarks of niy own. They are as follows:
"Conceded power in government is not always to be put
in requisition; doubtful power, never. What a lawyer tells
us we can do, is not an unerring test of human conduct,
even in the most inconsiderable affaire of private lite; but
otlwr considerations frequently remain to control the course
of duty. This is peculiarly so, in public affair;, as to mat-
ters where the Government is left free to act or forbear.
Many formidable powers which Congress possesses by uni-
versal consent have been wisely suffered to remain in
repose; for example, its power over domestic commerce,
and in respect to bankruptcy. On these and other subjects
it has studied forbearance as tUetrue policy of government,
seldom obtruding on the field of local sovereignty, even
when its power to do so was undoubted, except in accord-
ance with some supposed and imperious public exigency,
and then retiring as soon as the exigency ceased. The
principle should be extended to every case where Federal
power may be safely dispensed with, especially if the right
to interpose is seriously doubted by intelligent men, and
bad consequences are likely to flow from its exercise."
These opinions, Mr. Chairman, are still further
fortified by the words of Silas Wright, a states-
man whose illustrious fame, and whose public
services, are the peculiar pride of my native State,
and deserve to be eternally remembered by the
whole country. Listen to what he says upon
this question of arraying one section of the Union
against another:
" If there be those among us who, misled by a mistaken
sympathy, or by sndden excitement, apon any subject, are
forgetting their obligations to the whole, country, to the
Constitution and the Union, let us use every effort of per-
suasion and example to awaken them to a sense of their
dangerous error. In respect to all those who, for the sake
Of private interest, personal ambition, or momentary polit-
icalsucoess, are willing to experiment upon the public pas-
sions, to treat lightly their constitutional obligations, to
foment sectional jealousies, and raise up geographical dis-
tinctions within the Union, let the absence of all counte-
nance and support convince such, that the personal gratifi-
cation or public service of any living man are not object?
of sufficient magnitude to be gained at the expense of the
harmony of the country, the peace of the Union, or a sin-
gle letter in the list of our constitutional duties."
Such, Mr. Chairman, are the sentiments of the
New York Democracy-^-the Softs, if you please
to call them so—on the great subject upon which
parties are now divided. They are not calculated
for any meridian or degree of latitude; they know
no North, no South, no East, no West; they em-
brace in their scope the whole country, and con-
stitute a platform on which the friends of the
Constitution and the Union in every section may
stand consistently and securely. They commend
themselves, and I shall not insult the good sense
of the Democratic members of the House by even
attempting to vindicate their self-evident merits.
Let'me, however, ask your further indulgence
while I remove some misapprehensions which
seem to exist as to the record and the antecedents
of the Democracy of my State. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicopftr] quotes from
an obscure anti-Democratic journal, now defunct,
the following statement:
-" Of the seventy delegate? appointed by the Softs to at-
tend the Democratic convention in June next, all were old
Buffalo platform Free-Soilers of 1848 but seven."
The gentleman from Tennessee, when he un-
dertakes to cast reflections Hpon the Democratic
delegates of my State, would do well to inform
himself as to the credibility of the source from
which they are derived- The editor of the paper
from which he quotes is the last person in the
world for him to resort to in such a case. For-
merly an abolition parson, this individual has
been through all successive changes which suit
the convenience of the mere political adventurer.
In 1848 he made barnburning speeches against
General Cass, and next turned round into the
l-anks of regular Democracy. Then finding that
the Administration did not, in the distribution of
offices, estimate his support according- to his own
valuation of it, he became extra Hara, until that
device ceasing to pay, he now reposes in the
bosom of th# Know Nothings, the party of the
gentleman., I wish the gentleman from Tennes-
see all the pleasure which the company of his
new associate can afford.
. But as for the statement itself, I begleave,Mr.
Chairman, to pronounce it wholly ttnfounded. I
have^in my hand an authentic list of the Demo-
cratic delegates to the Cincinnati convention.
To my certain knowledge thirty-seven—more
than half of the whole number—voted in 1848 for
Cass and Butler, the regular Democratic nomi-
nees for President and Vice President. Others
did not vote at all, and others still voted, from the
force of long political association and personal
attachment, for Mr. Van Buren. But I am proud
to say that all of these who then strayed from the
fold have ever since voted with the regular Dem-
ocratic party, without exception, standing on its
platform and supporting its nominees. All of
them on our ticket of delegates helped to swell
the enormous majority of twenty-seven thousand
polled in my State for President Pierce; all of
them have stood by the Administration in its
most trying exigencies; in fact, they are as sound
as any Democrats in the Union. I, as well as
other Democrats who have never fallen from
grace, do not hesitate to give them a cordial rec-
ognition as members of our party. And yet it
was reserved for these immaculate Hard-Shell
leaders—who, because they could not obtain more
than two thirds of the Federal offices, «re now
staying in the camp of the Know Nothings—to
question the soundness of their Democracy, as if
there never could be a statute of limitations for
political offenses. But who would believe that
this little squad of disappointed office-seekers,
after all, with their Know Nothing oaths fresh
upon their lips, and absolutely reeking with the
stench of their Know Nothing orgies, would have
the effrontery to send a rival list of delegates to
knock at the doors of the Cincinnati convention?
Can any one doubt that their shameless opposi-
tion to the Administration, their open and mer-
cenary subserviency to the Know Nothing and
Republican parties, will be at once rebuked by an
indignant repulse ?
And here I would remark, in terms not to be
misunderstood, that, in speaking of the Hard-
Shells, I refer to the leaders of that organization,
and not even to all of them, but onJy to such as
| are now usirig, from selfish and vindictive
; motives, their influence to distract and weaken
, the Democracy. There are numerous instances
in my own district of men belonging to the Hard-
shell party who at heart are as honest and sound
Democrats as I claim to be myself. Far be it
from me to denounce such, or to question the
purity of their motives. I would only yrarn them
against being misled by those whose sole object
is to procure the ascendency of the Know Noth-
ings, and who wear the mask of Democracy only
to decoy honest Democrats into the ranks of our
foes. These leaders always look out, not for the
interests of the party, but their own, ami are
always sure of obtaining some feward, in the
shape of office or fat. jobs, in return for. their- ser-
vices in defeating regular Democratic nominations.
IIow otherwise does it happen th^t gentlemen,
professedly so very national in ineir opinions
that they cannot even liold communion withTam-
imany Hall, are yet the .special favorites of the
Know Nothing and Republican parties when the
latter come into power r
ttplain their conduct without impeaching
their motives in the least. Such as these,'I admit,
have never stooped to receive a recompense for
opposing^ the regular Democracy, in the spoils of
;an opposition Government which they profess to
dislike. But J tfould ask them whether it is
worth while to indulge their individual dissatis-
faction so far as to insure the perpetual defeat of
a sound and national Democratic policy ? I would
not denounce them, but only warn them against
such a coui^e, fatal alike to themselves and to the
great mass of the Democratic party. I tell them
'that, however upright their intentions may be,
they are only serving the cause of our common
enemies, who count upon #nd exult over the
assistance of such allies,
Let me, therefore, bp fully understood as con-
fining;, my denunciations exclusively to those un-
principled leaders who use the Hard-Shell move-
ment merely, is a means of securing their own
advantage, and whose interest it is to keep the
Democratic party out of power, that they may
catch the droppings that fall from the table of
a Know Nothing Administration. These are
wolves in sheep's clothing; and it is only just to
the honest masses whom they have beguiled that
they should be exhibited in their true colore.
