THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. MAS,OIT. Mr. President, I do not mean
to discuss the right or the'power. I think I have
said all that is necessary_ on that. But, sirj the
lltfnokble Senator frdw Kentucky, at the close of
bis retharkis, sdm'ewliM shifted the. 'ground, and,
doubted tb'e jflfsticcjorat least the expediency arid'
TWsdtfm, of having terminated this tre&ty at all,
on the'ground fh'a't, although' it mi'gh't be an im-
position, it wW one' which had acquired' Some
rdSpecft, arid ought t6"be'entitled to our veneration,
from its age'.'"'He' said ' that'w'e were treating
K&rShly a p'oor neighboh Se'nray be right in his
vieVsi I have ohly'to' saiy, tire Senate of the
United States differed froni him', knd' advised the
President to' givji "this notice.'"' I confess "that I
went with the'Seriate upon the" jnaxinn'upon which
this Government has always acted, ever "Since it
was strong enough' to act on its own m&im—
"Millions for defense', but not one cent for trib-
ute" to any Power^ 1 believe that is'the spirit of
(he American people.
'"'Mr'.' CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it is
just the sort :of answer that might be expected
from my "friend from Virginia, who is anxious to
•vindicate all fhtit has been done in 'this matter.
Let tell him, however, that his noble maxim
emd that qf'th'e' Government1, "Not'a cent for
tribute/but millions for defense," docs not apply"
to th'e case at all. It is notdenlanded'as a tribute.
Jf it was, how came he, and So many Senators
■fyho preceded him, to submit to it?
Mr. MASON. We have "negotiated about it
for years.' '
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Negotiated for years,
but paid it all the time.
Mr. MASQN. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You paid tribute all
the' time! No, sir, you did not pay it as tribute
all the time, nor at any time.' You would Have
scorned it at any time as tribute.' It was not
demanded as tribu te. If the gentleman and my-
self agree about the definition of the word''' trib-
ute,*' he will agree with me that it was not paid
as tribute. It is not a tribute like that' which you
paid the Algennes for not committing piracy on
you. That was a case of tribute. No, sir; you
paid the money in this case on'a claim which all
pie world recognized, so far at least' as to p&y
rather than "re'sUt' the payment. Whether well
or ill-founded, it was rested on a claim of right.
Mr. MASON. We could ndt resist it, if it was
a Mr! CRITTENDEN. All that I said was,
that it was rested upon a claim of right,' and not
upon a claim of tribute. I have no idea that the
Senator shall place me in the attitude of one wilt-
- ing to pay tribute to anybody here or elsewhere.
No, sir; I pay no tribute; but I do not wish to go
to law for a cent, much less would I go to war
with my neighbor for a Cent, nor fill the world
with loud proclamations of my elevated princi-
ples—"Millions for defense, and not a cent for
tribute." I will do no such thing in my private
intercourse, nor will I pursue any other princi-
ples in my public intercourse here than I would
in my private relations. 1 believe this claim, on
the part of Denmark, is not well founded; but I
think the means which we are adopting to get rid
of it are vastly disproportioned to the end to be
accomplished. I regret that we should have given
the notice in the time and in the manner we did,
on such imperfect counsels as took place on the
subject, without consulting the House of Repre-
sentatives, or the people of the United States,
whether this notice should be given. I am sorry
that we should have been in such hot haste to
get rid of this payment. These are my views.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I do not intend
to say anything upon the subject in respect to
which this notice has been given. I do notknow
that I should have said anything upon the ques-
tion now beforethe Senate at all, but for two facts:
first, the remarks which have fallen from my dis-
tinguished colleague, [Mr. Cass,] and in the next
place, a very slight conversation which I had
with the honorable Senator from Virginia at the
time when the Senate passed the original resolu-
tion, of which, so far as I propose to do, I may
speak with propriety. The Senator does not re-
member it, and it is not strange that he does not.
When the resolution was introduced I asked this
question, " Can we do it?" It was in a moment
of haste, and without much consideration. The
Senator replied, " Yes; provision is made for it in
the treaty." Such are the opinions of the hon-
orable Senator to-day. The impression that
struck me then was but the impression "of a; mind'
onsiderihg instantaneously the powers of'the
Government. But the discussion to-day has
presented the question before the Senate and the'
country in" so clear'and so" full a light, that it
seems to me it is not only worthy of1 serious re-
consideration now, but I confess that, with the
lights before me, the construction of the treaty and
the construction of the power of the Government
under it arid under the Constitution, are matters
of doubt "at least.
' The Senator" from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
stated, with that clearness' peculiar to himself,
the "characteristics of a treaty. It is a contract
With the foreign Power with which it is made; it
is a ltiw in respect to the United States. It has
been equally clearly stated'that the power exists
on'the part of the United States to abrogate at its
pleasure any treaty, and take the consequences;
and the effect of a provision retaining the power
to terminate it in this respect is to end it. I sub-
mit there is no difference in the signification of
the word " terminate "or "Abrogate" in this con-
nection. The effect of retaining the power to do
it is that stated so clearly by the Senator; that is,
you may do it at your pleasure, giving 110 cause
Of complaint whatever to the contracting party.
Mr. President, there is another consideration
connected with this subject. ' The people of the
United States may not wish to terminate the treaty,
and then it becomes important to consider who
possesses the power. I apprehend, that if the
treaty under consideration before the Senate were
one by which the Government of Denmark stipu-
lated to pay us' $10,000,000 a year, the Senate
would be much more slow in coming to the con-
clusion that tliis mode of terminating it was one
which the people of the United States had con-
ferred 011 us the power to do; and yet that ques-
tion', as one of constitutional authority, would be
identical with the question now before us. 1 use
the illustration in order to show how the con-
sideration of a question of mere authority may
be varied in consequence of the results to flow
from it.
Mr. President, the question is, who, under the
treaty and under the Constitution of the United
States, has power to give the notice? Who is the
medium through which and by which the notice
is to be given? It was well intimated by the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, that it would
have been perfectly competent in this treaty for
Denmark to provide that the Q.ueen of England
should give the notice; and the treaty would be
ended when the Glueen of England gave the notice1.
Why, sir, we pass laws every day saying that,
when a particular state Of things'shall exist, the
President' shall terminate the law; and he would
have no power to terminate it without the law;
So wo confer the power on tlie head of a Depart-
ment, or any other individual; but it 13 in virtue
of the law and the law alone that he possesses the
power. It was competent for the treaty-making
power, under the Constitution of the United
States, to have said that this treaty should remain
in force ten years and thereafter until terminated
by a notice given by either party, and if by the
United States of America given by the President
of the United States. Then the treaty, in its legal
effect, in its American effect, as' a iaw, would
have constituted the President the person to give
the notice. So the treaty might have conferred
it on the Governor of the State of New York, or
any other individual; but has the treaty done it>
The treaty has simply reserved to the United
States the power. Where is the authority in the
United States? Who can, for the United States,
terminate the treaty ? The only doubt that struck
my mind when the question was raised Was this:
the President being the only person under our
Government who can speak to a foreign Power
without any provision of law, had he not the
power alone at his pleasure to say so? But, sir,
to the extent claimed he has not.
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate
to the exact terms of the treaty, and to carry out
an idea which I thought the Senator from Ver-
mont had in his mind, but which he did not
present to the Senate, or which 1 thought he did
not. The language of the treaty is peculiar:
" The present convention shall be in force for ten years
from tiie date hereof, and further for the term of one year
after either of the contracting parties shall have given
notice-to the other of its intention to terminate the same."
Mr. COLLAMER. The treaty declares that
one' year after notice has been given it shall cease
to have effect. I said that, inasmuch as it Wan-
go provided, and as, by the terms of the treaty,
the notice must be given by the United States,
the law-making power of the country must give
the notice','so as t'6 have effect. So far from that
giving power to' the President, it is the very
reason why it could hot do so.
Mr. STUART. If the construction were to be
founded on the words I have read, and those
words alone, the President might give notice of
the intention of the United States to terminate
the treaty at any time within one year after that
notice, and a law might be enacted" which would
terminate it; But the whole clause read in con-
nection, as just suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, which declares that in one
year after that notice the treaty shall be terminated,
brings us to the construction of that article upon
the same principle as if it had been a simple res-
ervation, giving to the United States the power
fo terminate the treaty on one year's notice.
" I ask the question, what individual holding
authority under the Constitution of the United
States, in the absence of any law, has the power
to give the notice ? Can gentlemen, this day, tell
me what person clothed with authority by the
United States is now in existence who can say,
"I hold the power in consequence of the office
with which the people of the United States have
clothed me, to terminate any treaty wherein the
United States have reserved thepower'to do it
by givingnotice ?" That presents the question,
who is the officer, or where is the authority? The
truth is that, although this is a power reserved to
the United States to terminate the treaty, the
United States has not yet designated who shall
give the notice; and under that clause of th'e treaty
it is competent for Congress to pass a law this
day authorizing the Emperor of France to give
the notice, and terminate it. Congress may pas's
a law this day authorizing the Emperor of France,
or anybody else, to give this notice, and terminate
the treaty. So, also, they may authorize the
President of the United States to give the notice;
so thejr may authorize the individual representing
this Government at the "Danish Court, or at any
other Court, to give the notice; and when given
under the authority of the law-making power it
will be binding on thepeople of the United States,
and not until then.
I deny that, because the Constitution of the
United States has conferred on the President and
the Senate the power to make a treaty, it is to be
inferred that the President and the Senate have
the power to terminate a treaty, without the treaty
specifying that they shall exercise that express
authority. I admit that, under our Constitution,
a treaty when made is the supreme law of the
land; and anything put into it that does not con-
travene, in terms or in direct cffect, the Constitu-
tion, is binding on everybody within our domin-
ions. So \ve could have provided that the notice
in this case should be given by the President and
the Senate, or by the President without the con-
sent of the Senate; it would have been binding,
and the House could have had nothing to do with
it. But there is a naked reservation of the power
to give the notice, without saying who shall give
it, and the person who is to give it is yet to be
indicated by a law.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Virginia*.
Mr. MASON. I understood that was accepted
by the mover of the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; I accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question is on
the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. My desire is simply to bring
this matter before the committee, and, in order to
accomplish this, I shall not stand on the form of
the resolution. I am aware that it is argumenta-
tive, and involves, perhaps, a reflection upon the
course of the Executive; but I adopted this form
from a desire that the resolution should tell its
whole story on its face, and speak for itself. The
ample debate that has occurred has superseded
all such desire. The subject is fully before the
Senate, and I doubt not will receive the attention
of the committee.
