1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Also, that they had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 328) for the relief of John Nugent.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DODGE. I throw myself on the courtesy
of the Senate, and ask them to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 326) granting public lands to the
State ofWisconsin, to aid m the construction of
railroads in said State. It has been reported
back favorab!y.by the Committee on Public Lands
of the Senate. I understand it is the first on the
list of railroad bills.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to grant alternate
sections of public land for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of a lailroad from Madison or
Columbus, by the way of Portage City, to the St.
Croix river or lake, between townships twenty-
five and thirty-one, and from thence to the west
end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield; and also,
from Fond du Lac, on Lake Winnebago, north-
erly to the Wisconsin State line.
The Secretary read the first section of the bill.
Mr. STUART. These bills are all precisely
alike except the designation of the roads. The
first section of each bill designates the roads, and
the reading of that will apprize the Senate of all
contained in the bill. I presume no Senator de-
sires to consume time by demanding the reading
of the bills at length; and if not, the reading can
be dispensed with.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Have these bills been
examined by the Committee on PublicLands, and
reported by them ?
Mr. STtJART. All have been examined, and
all are framed on one model. The bills are all
similar except in the designation of roads.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If that be the fact, 1 see
no necessity for the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The reading will be dis-
pensed with, unless some'Senator desires that it
shall be read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask the Senate to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 31) granting public
lands in alternate sections to the State of Ala-
bama, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State. It has received the examina-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands of this
body.
Tiie motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of
the Whole. The roads for which it proposes to
grant alternate sections are: from the Tennessee
river, at or nearGunter's landing, to Gadsden, on
the Coosa river; from Gadsden to connect with
the Georgia and Tennessee line of railroads,
through Chattooga, Wills, and Lookout valleys;
from Elyton to the Tennessee river, at or near
Beard's bluff; from Girard to Mobile; from Gads-
den to the Mississippi State line: from Selmf to
Gadsden; and from Montgomery to the Tennes-
see State line in the direction of Nashville.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This bill has passed
the House of Representatives, and has been ex-
amined by the committee of this body, and meets
the approbation of the Senators from Alabama on
this floor. It is precisely the same in language,
except in the desenption of the route, with all the
other bills of the same nature.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. STUART. There are two bills on the
table of a similar character—one granting lands
to the State of Louisiana, and the other to the
State of Michigan, which have also been exam-
ined bv the committee, and are of precisely the
same character. I hope they will be acted upon at
once.
The bill (H. R. No. 36) making a grant of
lands to the State of Louisiana, to aid in the con-
struction of railroads in said State, was read
twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. STUART. I wish the bill to be put on
its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The motion was to put
the bill on its passage.
, The PRESIDENT. The bill, then, is before
i the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
j open for amendment.
j JNo amendment being proposed, the bill was
; reported to the Senate, ordered to a third read-
! ing, read the third time, and passed.
: RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
| The bill (H. R. No. 172) making a "grant of
j alternate sections of public lands to the State of
Michigan, to aid in the construction of railroads
■ ill said State, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title.
I Mr. STUART. I ask that the bill may be put
j on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection. The
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of the
! Whole, and open to amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
: third time, and passed.
| RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
| Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senate to take up
the report of the Committee on'Indian Affairs in
the case of Mr. Richard W. Thompson. The
: report is merely that the committee bo discharged
' from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
! The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
i ng to the report.
j Mr. TOOMBS. The report is to discharge the
! committee from the further consideration of the
subject. I hope it will be done.
Mr. HUNTER.. Is that the Menomonee case ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; it is moved to dis-
charge the Committee on Indian Affairs from its
further consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. What will be the effect of
that discharge?
Mr. TOOMBS.
precisely as it is.
Mr. HUNTER.
Mr. TOOMBS.
Mr. HUNTER.
Mr. TOOMBS.
To allow the law to remain
Is there a report?
Yes,"sir.
I should like to hear it read.
This is all there is of the re-
port, that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. PRATT. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Georgia what will be the effect of discharg-
ing the committee? Will it not be that we shall
pay $50,000 to the applicant?
Mr. TOOMBS. The effect will be to enforce
the existing law. I do not know what the exact
amount of the claim is; but the question referred
to the committee was whether any further legis-
lation was necessary in regard to it ? A law was
passed on the subject last year. On our examina-
tion, we deemed no further legislation necessary.
If the Senate concur with the committee, the exist-
ing law, which was passed at the last session,
will stand without further action of the two
Houses of Congress. That is all.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask whether, in re-
gard to that law, some such point as this was not
raised: That the law as it was passed was differ-
ent from the law as printed and published, in
consquence of some mistake in the enrolling of
the bill ?
Mr. TOOMBS. That question did not arise
in the settlement of the case. The law was
treated by the President and the Department as
though there was no omission. There was a
clause omitted in the enrollment, but it was
treated as though it were there.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the subject had bet-
ter lie over until it can be examined.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. It was called up
and laid over at the instance of one or two Sen-
ators two weeks ago, and it is important to the
parties that it should be settled. The Senator
has had ample time to examine it, if he had given
his attention to it, for the leportwas made nearly
a fortnight ago—certainly ten days ago.
Mr. WELLER.. It was laid over, I believe,
at my request, two weeks ago. I have looked
into the matter, and have become satisfied that
there ought to be no objection to discharging the
committee and leaving the legislation to stand
• precisely where it was. That I understand to
! be the effect of discharging the committee.
1 Air. TOOMBS. 'That is precisely the effect.
Mr. STUART. I wish Senators to understarid
this question. It is a case with the facts of which
I am familiar. The Senate last ye.ar adopted an
amendment by which they authorized about
forty-two thousand dollars, if I recollect aright,
to he paid to Mr. Thompson for certain services
rendered to the Menomonee Indians. Thatamend-
ment was sent to the House, and they attached
to it an amendment substantially declaring, " on
condition that the Menomonee Indians them-
selves, at a council, shall agree that this money
be paid." These amendments were made to a
general appropriation bill. A committee of con-
ference was appointed, and the committee agreed
to the amendment of the House to the Senate
amendment. When the bill was enrolled and
printed, the House condition was not found in it,
and is not in the printed law.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is so.
Mr. STUART. The President, however, after
taking the opinion of the Attorney General, I
believe, decided that the law should be considered
as if the House condition was in it, being satis-
fied that it was left out by a mere Miiission. The
subject was submitted to the Menoimmce Indians,
and they rejected the claim. I have not had an
opportunity to look into the report. I do not
know that it is printed; I do not know what it is.
Mr. WELLER. It is simply to discharge the
committee.
Mr. STUART. But I wish to understand its
effect. If the effect will be to leave the law as
it stands upon the statute-book, and pay the
§42,000, although the Indians have unanimously
rejected it, I should be inclined to think that it
would be very improper to discharge the com-
mittee. The action of the Executive Department
in administering this law has been to treat it as
if the bill were correctly printed as it actually
passed Congress. If the effect of discharging
this committee will be to compel the Government
to pay the money, notwithstanding the opinion
of Congiess as expressed, and the opinion of the
Indians is against it, I think thccommittcc should
not be discharged. The Senator from Georgia
can o>f course say what he understands to be the
effect of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The statements of the Senator
from Michigan are accurate, except the last,
which is a very important point. There lies the
conflict. It is alleged on the part of the claimant,
and this is the controversy before the President,
that the Indians have assented to the claim, and
that the dissent subsequently procured by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs was improper.
The effect of the discharge will be to leave the
matter exactly where it was, for the President^
and the head of the Department to determine
whether this assent was given, as was the inten-
tion of the parties, according to the admission on
all sides.
Mr. STUART. How do the Senator and the
committee understand it to leave the law? Will
it be construed as it is printed, or as it passed ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Government and the party
agree that the consent of the Indians was re-
quired in order to obtain the money. That con-
sent has been the point of dispute. The com-
mittee propose to leave it where it belongs—with
the President in the execution of the law. The
amendment alluded to is considered as part of
the law, for both sides have agreed to treat it as
if it were there.
Mr. STUART. What I desire, and what I
think Congress should do, is to put that amend-
ment of the House into a law, so that the statute
shall stand as CongreBS passed it, and then the
Executive Department will be held responsible for
its execution. It seems to me that some impedi-
ment may be thrown in the way if this report be
adopted, and that is all that I desire to avoid, i
am entirely willing that the Executive Department
shall execute the law as Congress passed it; but
I would not like to have a law executed which
has not such a condition in it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened with some interest to the statements which
have been made by the Senatpr from Michigan,
in regard to the terms and effect of this law. The
object of the committee is simply to leave the law
precisely where it now stands, and not, by any
legislation proposed here, to commit themselves
as to the fact whether Qr not the condition men-
1 Honed has been complied with by the party inter-
