1896.]
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 m
Ho. oir Reps.
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Politics of New York—Mr. Kelly,
On the other hand, among the names on the list
of the Soft delegation,you will find those of men
who have been the most faithful and self-sacri-
ficing standard-bearers of the Democratic party.
Many of them the people have delighted to honor
with high position, and not one of them will fail
J,o support the platform, and the candidates pre-
sented by the regular Democratic national con-
vention. Can as much be said of the Hard-Shell
delegates ? Mr. Chairman, you may depend upon
it, the New York Democracy will be represented
at the Cincinnati convention, not by its cast-off
office-eeekers, but by its genuine representa-
tives. ...
Notwithstanding the outcry raised by out ene-
fhies, who desire to destroy the influence of New
York, let me assure you that there now exists
no division among the Democratic masses there.
They now happily constitute a united party,
bound together by a common creed and a com-
mon interest. This union of the JIunker and
Barnburner sections of the party was accom-
Slished in 1849, the year after the unfortunate
efeat of General Cass, and 'it has cone on
strengthening ever since, in spite of the tran-
sient fanaticisms of Republicanism and Know
. Nothingism, from one or the other of which the
party in every section of the country has Suffered
temporary damage, our late reverses in New
York forming no exception to the general rule.
If the Democrats of Louisiana, or Tennessee, or
any other southern States, have been prostrated
when opposed to only one of these evils, is it a
peculiar disgrace—is it any special eviden'ce of
impotency that we have had to yield once or
twice before the combined forces of both ? Not
at all—not at all. Mr. Chairman, th^se obstacles
to our success are now rapidly melting away;
and just as sure as to-morrow's sun will ascend
to its accustomed place in the heavens, just so
sure will the lion-hearted Democracy next fall
regain their old supremacy in the Empire State.
Give them*«the respect flue to the preeminent
position of their State in the Confederacy, and,
my word upon it, they will inflict on their Oppo-
nents at the polls a Waterloo defeat. Their cause
is the cause of truth; and,Mr. Chairman,
" Truth, crushed to earth, shall rise again {
The eternal years of God are hers;
But Error, wounded, writhes in pain,
And dies amid her worshipers."
But let n>e proceed with the history of the New
York Democracy since 1848. As I said before,
they were reunited in 1849 upon national grounds,
and their divisions completely healed. In the
State convention of 1652, called to nominate an
electoral ticket and candidate for Governor, the
following resolutions were adopted:
" Resolved, That we cordially adopt, as the sentiment of
(his convention, and reaffirm, the platform of principles con-
tained in the annexed resolutions of the last Democratic
National Convention held at Baltimore."
[Here followed the Baltimore resolution* in
full.]
" Resolved, That we most cordially concur in the nom-
inations of Franklin Pierce, of New Hampshire, for Presi-
dent, and William it. King, ofAlabama, for Vice President,
.and pledge to them the thirty-five electoral votes of New
York."
Previous to this, in the Democratic National
.Convention of 1852, the delegation ofNew York,
representing a single organization and a success-
Jut party, was united by the presentation pf the
name of Franklin Pierce, for whom it gave its
first unanimous vote. Now, let us see how it
kept the pledge it had offered by this unanimity,
and from this learn what New York can do when
she sets about it. In the presidential election
which followed, this State gave a majority for the
-Pierce and King ticket of27,201, upon the largest
aggregate of votes ever rendered in her political
contests.
After , the inauguration of President Pierce,
certain gentlemen, who were disappointed in ob-
taining what they considered their share of Fed-
eral patronage, set to work fomenting division
and discontent in the Democratic ranks. We,
however, h^d no means of estimating the number
and influence of their adherents till the State
Democratic Convention held at Syracuse in 1853,
when, out of the whole one hundred and twenty-
eight debates in attendance, only thirty bolted,
and in the ladies' parlor of the Globe Hotel or-
ganized what they called the Hard, or Adamantine
party, against the Administration. To show how
entirely they were governed by private grievances,
and not by any suspicion of the nationality
of the regular or Soft Democracy, let me quote
these resolutions, adopted by the convention of
the latter organization:
"Resolved, That we reaffirm, as a fixed and settled fea-
ture of the political creed of the Democracy of New York,
a firm adherence to the broad national position established
by the resolutions constituting the Baltimore platform of
Juoe, 1852, and the sound tutd patriotic declarations an-
nounced to the worldin the inaugural address of President
Pierce.
"Resolved, That under the sacred pledges of the Consti-
tution,o«r sister States possessing the institution of slavery
are entitled to «iScieat remedies to enforce their constitu-
tional right to the surrender of fugitive slaves—a right
which the Democracy of New York unhesitatingly recog-
nize, and are ever ready honestly to support; and that the
laws to enforce the same-should be reacted and obeyed,
not with a reluctance encouraged by abstract opinion as to
their propriety in a different state of society, but cjieerftilly,
and according to the decisions of the tribunal to which their
exposition belongs.
" Resolved, That the Democracy of this State, having in
letter and sjurit adopted the principles embodied in the res-
olutions of the national platform, now, in cgnvention as-
sembled, repeat a portion of that platform, as indicating a
past compact and present belief, viz? That Congress has
no power, under the Constitution, to interfere with or eon-
trol the domestic institutions of the. several States, and that
such States are the sole and proper judges of everything
appertaining to their own affaire, not prohibited by the
Constitution; that all efiorte, of the Abolitionists or Othera,
made to induce Congress to interfere with questions of sla-
very, or to take incipient steps in relation thereto, are
calculated to lead to the most alarming and dangerous con-
sequences; and that all such efforts have an inevitable tend-
ency to diminish the happiness of the people, and endanger
the stability and permanency of the Union, and ought not
to be countenanced by any friend qf our political institu-
tions.
" Resolved, That the foregoing proposition covers, and
was intended to embrace, the whale subject of slavery
agitation in Congress; and, therefore, the Democratic party
of the Union, standilQon this national platform, will abide
by, and adhere to, a faitliftil execution of the acts known
as the compromise measures, settled fey the last Congress
—the act for reclaiming fugitives from service pr labor in-
cluded ; which act, being designed to carry out an express
provision of the Constitution, cannot with fidelity thereto
be repealed, or so changed as to destroy or impair its effi-
ciency.
" Resolved, That the Democratic party will resist til
.attempts at renewing, in. Congress or out of it, the agitation
of the slavery question, under whatever pretext the attempt
may be made."
It is, moreover, a significant fact that, of the
thirty members of the Hard seceding "convention,
twenty-two—more than two thirds—have since
occupied conspicuous positions in the ranks of
the Know Nothings—some as editors of Know
Nothing organs, some as founders of Know
Nothing lodges, and some as candidates of the
Know Nothing pajrty.
But, in addition to |his evidence of the fishy
character of Hard-Shell Democracy, I will adduc,e
a few figures to show its numerical insignificance,
as compared with the regular Soft Democracy of
New York. In the election of Governor, in 1854?
the vote of the State stood as follows:
Clark, (Whig) 156,804
Seymour, (Soft)..,  <156,495
Ullman, (Know Nothing) 122,282
Bronson, (Hard)    33,850
You will thus see that, in a State with five hun-
dred and eighty thousand voters, the Hard vote
was hardly worth counting; indeed, it was wittily
observed, when the election was announced, that
although the Hard candidate (Bronson) supposed
he was running, the returns countenanced no su<Sh
delusion.
'But the principle of the Nebraska act must
furnish a true test of Democratic orthodoxy; and
here, while the Hards give it but a half-way, quali-
fied approval, some time after the passage Of the
bill, the Tammany Hall, or Soft Democracy, some
time before it'htidbe'en enacted, convened in the
Old Wigwam, and' ratified it in the strongest
terms, as will appear by this resolution, adopted
at a meeting held February 11, 1854:
"Resolved, That the people Of the Territories, under
organized territorialgovernments, of right should determine
the question of siayery for themselves; that all the reasons
by which they are justified in enacting laws concerning.the
other domestic relations apply with equal force to this,
which ought not, therefore, to be made an exceptional case;
that we express again that abiding confidence in the wis-
dom and patriotism of the people which constitute tlje dis-
tinguishing characteristics of tho Democratic party; and
.we are satisfied that they will decide the question of slavery
wisely, and in accordance with their true, permanent in-
terests; that we cannot recognize the doctrine that the cit-
izen of a State by the act of emigration to a Territory loses
nis capacity for self-government, and becomes incapable of
deciding any question, however grave."
This was followed by an equally emphatic in-
dorsement of the Kansas-Nebraska act imme-
diately after that great measure of justice had
become the law of the land. Listen to the voice
of Old Tammany in these resolution?:
" 1. Rejoined, That we give our most hearty approval to
the provisions of the Nebraska and Kansas bills which as-
sert the great principle of sclf-govfernment; that the capacity
of men to govern themselves does not depend upon their
places of residence; that, in the language of the first resolve
of the Baltimore platform, we < place our trust iq the intelli-
§enee, the patriotism, and the discriminating justice of the
Linencan people,' alike in the Territories ami in the States;
that we approve the doctrine of congressional non-intcp-
vention in its broadest sense, not only as right in itself, but
as most salutary in its consequences; that it is a doctrift*
of peace, and has a direct tendency permanently to with-
draw from Congress and the Legislatures of the several
States the agitation of the slavery question, which must
otherwise frequently arise and always assume a sectional
and irritating character; that is a doctrine Which commits
the question of shivery to the people who are directly to ha
affected by it, and removes it from the hands of designing
men, who agitate it (br their own objects in their own dis-
tricts, and without any intention or possibility of benefiting
the people of Nebraska and Kansas. •
" 2. Resolved, That the right of the people to determine
the question of slavery for themselves in Nebraska and
Kansas, in our judgment, stands upon precisely Hie same
general grounds as their right to legislate upon other domes-
tic relations—a right which nobody has yet proposed to
deny them, and wliich is exercised by the' people under
every territorial government; that it Would be as wise for
Congress to legislate upon the relation of parent and child,
or master and apprentice, as upon that of master and slayet;
that the same general considerations which induced the re-
ference of the last-mentioned relation to the people of Utah
and New Mexico demand its reference to the people of Ne-
braska and Kansas; that we deprecate the Federal notion
recenUy revived,-that Congress has a right to stipulate with
the people of a State about to be admitted, that they shall
observe forever certain laws relating to their domestic in-
stitutions, because it is an assumption of permanent control
by Congiesa which is anti-republican and dangerous, be-
cause it impairs, the equality pf those States which are sub-
jected to it, and because it violates the principle that the
people shall govern; that, in the language of the third re-
solve of the Baltimore platform, we hold' that the Federal
Government is one of limited powers, derived solely from
the Constitution, and the grants of power made therein
ought to be strictly construed by all the Departments and
agents of the Government, and that It Is inexpedient and
dangerous to exercise doubtful constitutional powers.'
If anything further were needed to show the
sentiments of the regular or Soft Democracy fiif
New York on this great principje, I might point
to the clear and emphatic resolutions of oar last
Democratic State Convention:
" Resolved, That the agitation of the slavery question hy
the people of the non-slaveholding States, with fi view to
impair the security of the domestic institutions of thp
Soutn, whether pursued in demonstrations by political con-
ventions or-by discussion and legislation in Congress, falls
within the category; and that the experience of the past
has shown that, \vhile it has compassed-np gopd, it has re-
sulted in serious evils, weakening the brotherhood of the
| States, and that mutual and unconstrained association that
i was once their chief bond of union, and substituting in
! their place the domineering, influence of political parties
and the coercive power of the Federal Government.
" Resolved, That the determination of Congress, avowed
in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, to reject from the national
councils the subject at slavery in the Territories, and lto
leave the people thereof free to regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way, subject only to the Consti-
tution of the tjnited States, is one that accords with .the
| sentiments of the Democracy of this State,and with thetra-
ditional course of legislation by Congress, which, under
I Democratic auspices, has gradually, in successive territo-
rial tills, extended the domain of popular rights, and Iim-
' ited the range of congressional action; and that we believe
' this disposition of the question will result most auspi-
ciously to the peace- of the Union and the cause gptid
government.'?
Mr. Chairman, we stand immovably upon the
rofck of a great principle. The notorious amal-
1 gamation of the Hard leaders with the Know
Nothings has revealed their motives to their
j honest followers; and, were an election for the
[ presidency to happen to-morrow,., they could
j hardly draw off a coj-poral's guard from the
; forces of the ■ regular Democracy. Their secret
j alliance with the party of proscription and re-
\ ligious intolerance needed only to be discovered
to be rebuked; and this brief resolution adopted
at the last Soft State convention expresses the
views of all true Democrats throughout my State.
" Resolved, That any delegate appointed to the National
Convention who may befound to belong to, or affiliate with,
the organization commonly known as the Know Nothing
organization, shall be declared by the delegation to be in-
competent to act as delegate, and the vacancy caused by
