1856.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL QU)m.
ing being on Mr. Seward's motion to amend the
fifth section by striking out the words, " non-
commissioned officers, musicians,and soldiers,"
and the words, " including, volunteers and militia
mustered into the service of the United States,"
that taking precedence of the motion of the Com-
mittee on Finance to strike out the section.
Mr. PUGH. So far as I have examined the
act of 1848, I withdraw my opposition to the
amendment of the committee. I am satisfied the
Senator from Georgia is right.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am against the section, and
I am against this amendment. If it is all stricken
out, I am content.
The amendment of Mr. Seward was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the motion of
the Committee on Finance to strike out the sec-
tion, as amended, which is as follows:
Sec. 5. JlmlbcU further enacted, That the provisions of
the first section of the act granting pensions to the widows
and orphans ot" persons dying in the naval service, approved
August 11,1848, be extended to the widows and orphans of
officers of the Army of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr, PUGH. I wish to say one word in ex-
planation of my vote, as 1 opposed the striking
out of this section early in the day. I have only
to repeat that I have since examined the act of
August 11,* 1848, and I am satisfied that the naval
pensions are wrong, and that next session they
ought to be altered. Therefore, I shall vote
against the extension, although this morning I
advocated it.
Mr. SEWARD. The widows of the officers
of the Navy of the United States who die while
in the service are pensioned under an existing
law of the United States, for the repeal of which
I have no better guarantee than the promise of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, that he will labor
to produce such a result next year. At the same
time, the widows of officers of the Army of the
United States, who are equally meritorious, who
die in the service, do not receive pensions. Some
of the widows of officers of the Army of the Uni-
ted States who have died in the service, have been
pensioned by particular special enactments. It
seems that, with the consent of Congress, the
principle is going to be established that, while
such pensions are enjoyed all over the United
States, in the cases of death which shall occur here-
after, the widows are to be deprived of such pen-
sions. The consequcnce will be that the widows
of officers of the same class will be pensioned,
while others will go without pensions, [t is un-
equal; and inequality, in such a case, is injustice.
1 hope the Senate will sustain the adoption of
the section sanctioned by the approval of the
Committee on Pensions of this body, and not
strike it out.
Mr. STUART. The case was very clearly
stated by the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Peap.ce] this morning, and I wish only to reca-
pitulate it now in a very few words. The navy
pensions were given out of a fund that was ob-
tained by the men engaged in the service them-
selves, by their prizes. They contributed to a
fund which the Government agreed should con-
stitute a pension fund. The only variance has
been in the fact that the Government itself, it was
said, perverted or used a portion of the fund, and
Congress passed a law to make up precisely what
they had taken, and not to go any further. The
idea of putting officers of the Army and volun-
teers on the same footing is impossible. Iteannot
be done. These individuals never created any
fund; never contributed to any fund; as those who
received the naval pensions did. This therefore
stands as a proposition to put these persons on a
pension, wiihoutany regam to the naval pensions,
because they were founded on a fund which was
created by "the officers and sailors themselves,
and Congress has done no more than to appro-
priate to them that fund, dollar and cent, and
have refused to go beyond it. The committee
propose to strike out tins section, as there is no
foundation for it, according to its own proposition.
Mr. CLAY. 1 ask tiie Senator from Michigan
whether that prize money fund has not been long
since exhausted?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. 1 am advised that it has been.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken. He
will remember that at the last Congress the Son-
acinm
Wm8
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Sudbi.l) had a bill, to
which I objected, and which he explained as just,
exhausting the balance of that fund which the
United States had used. That is as far as we
have gone.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Admins, Allen, Pelf ofTennessee, Biggs,
Bigler, Bright, C^s, Crittenden, Fish, Fiupatrick, GevSr
Iverson, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Piatt, Pugh, Keid, Sebas-
tian, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wrurht,
and Yule.e—OS. ® '
NAYS—Messrs. Collamer, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan,
Houston, James, Jones of Jowa, Sewaid, Weller, and
Wilson—II.
So the motion to strike out the ^section was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out section seven, in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That all claims for ar-
rearages due on account of the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities in Florida between the years 1835 and 1^4-2, shall be
ascertained, adjudicated, and adjusted by the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, upon principles of equity
and justice, on the production of clear and satisfactory
pioof in all cases that the supplies wcie actuajlv furnished
ingood faith, and the services actually rendered, as ohaiged;
and the piices to be allowed Mmll bcsych u3prevailed m'the
eoutitiy at the time; and thatbucli settlement by the ac-
counting officers as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive:
Provided, That this provision shall not apply to any claim
that has not already been presented for settlement "or pay-
ment to some officer of the Government.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hear some
explanation from the Committee on Finance why
this amendment is proposed. None of the papers
were sent to that committee in this case, bat my
friend from Florida [Mr. Yulee] can explain the
ground on which this provision was inserted in
the bill.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, as was remarked
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Weller,] the papers which were
before that committee, and which induced the
insertion of this section in the bill by them, were
not before the Committee on Finance; and there-
fore, I presume, they misunderstood the purpose
of the section. It involves no appropriation, nor
does it create a basis for any appropriation, but
simply authorizes a rule of adjustment, which
was asked by the auditing officers—and has been
asked for the last two or three years—to enable
them to close the settlement of accounts which
have been resting therefor some years, the adju-
dication of which is obstructed by technical diffi-
culties that prevent their being1 closed. The sec-
tion was prepared at the Auditor's office, and a
letter from the Auditor to the Military Committee
will explain the whole matter; and it will be seen
that he called the attention of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in 1854, to the necessity of some such
action. It is to enable him to apply moneys
already in the Treasury, and appropriated, to the
settlement of accounts pending, by authorizing a
rule of settlement by the accounting officers which
they have thought would be proper. I desire to
have the letter read.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state, as well as T rec-
ollect them, the reasons which induced the Com-
mittee on Finance to recommend the striking out
of this section. It provides that all claims for
arrearages, as they are called,growing; out of die
suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida, be-
tween the years 1835 and 1842, shall be ascer-
tained, adjudicated, and settled, by the proper
accounting officers, on the principles of equity
and justice; and that the settlement by these
accounting officers shall be final and conclusive.
There is no rule of any sort or description laid
down, or established, by which the accounting
officers are to be governed. They are left solely
to their own discretion as to what equity and just-
ice require. As this was a large class of claims
—a class of claims generally subject to distrust—
the committee thought it was not proper to leave
them to the uncontrolled discretion of the sense
of justice and equity of the accounting officers,
and then to make their decisions final, so as to
hind us by rules of which we know nothing in
advance. We did not think that right, and there-
fore moved to strike out the section.
Mr. YULEE. Before the letter is read, I will
state that the Finance Committee misapprehended
the character of the claims; and for the purpose j
of meeting that misapprehension, at the sugges- j
tioa of the chairman of the Committee on Mil- !
itary Affairs, I propose to o$er ail 4
which will restrict tjie appl|catioj{,^. „„ m
to the accounts to which.' jt if really
apply, fliat will be done by
" Unadjusted account^ for forage, .subsistence,
and transportation." - '
It rebates to military accounts, and docs iicft
uovter an amount of more than'thirty-'or forty
thousand dollars, for which the inoney ig Jiow Jfi
the Treasury. It proposes.no ne)v ru^e.
all appropriations of a .'siiYiilar chai'uoter wiiitijta
have been made, the same rules were pgrescrifej^j
but it happens that in this particular cljsg .tjw
were not. All others have been adjusted-o,p,prin-
ciples of equity and justice, under the direc£ipi3
jof law, as this section proposes; and it is limited
by the proviso, at the end of the section, to m~
counts already in the .hands of Jtjie Auditor, jtijd
which are described in the letter I Jfeve'sftni jp
the Chair. . .
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When did the law pass
making the appropriation ?
Mr. YULEE. Pour or live years aa-p.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Was it not ten years
ago ?
Mr. t YULEE. I cannot tell exactly; b$fc I
think it was about four or five years ago.
the letter be read.
The Secretary read the following letter;
Treasujiv Department,
Thir  Auditor's Office, July 18,1858. .
Sir: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the
16th instant, stating that the Senate, having referred to the
Military Committee, ot which you are chairman, a isola-
tion to inquire into the expediency of providing bylawJfrr
the payment of arrearages ou account of the suppression^
Indian hostilities in Florida between the years 1835'and
1852, and you request to be informed what is theamoum
of those arrearages for which it may be necessary to makd
provision.
Accordingly, in reply, I have the honor to st^te.
are at present on file 111 this otfiec, unsettled claims almost
entirely of citizens of the present State of Florida for sup-
plies alleged to have been furmshod and for services ren-
dered during the Seminole hostilities in the then Teirltc^y
of Florida within the periods above indicated,amoun.tingjn
round numbers to say $80,000. For the satisfaction of sucil
of this description of claims as should be decided by the
proper officers of the Government to be allowable, Congress
passed an act, which was approved February 27, 1851,
[See pamphlet laws of the United States, page 571,] appro-
priating $75,000, and by the act of March 3.1853, the bal-
ance remaining in the Treasuiy of said appropriation wfts
reappropnated for the, same objects. Since the date .of tiie
hi st appropriation there has been allowed and paid of the
elas- ot claims upon reports by this office about.-$40j800,io
that tlieie lcmams of the original appropriation of $75,000
about $3-4,200 still considered*applicable.
It is impossible to say how many claims are outstanding
besides those now on me; but it i« beheyed that,,after so
long a lapjte of time, they cannot be very numerous, or
heavy in amount.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vour obedieat servant,
flUBEBT J. ATKINBOltf,
Third jiuditor•
Hon. John B. Weller, United Stales Senate.
P. S. In my teport to the Secietaiy of the Treasury of
the 21*t of October, IS.">4, («ee Kxecutive Document No. 3,
second session Thirty-Third Congress, pages 86 and b7,)
his attention was especially called to these claims, jan ex-
tiact from which I inclose herewith.
Mr. YULEE. To meet one objection which
might arise, this section contains a proviso "that
this provision shall not apply to any claim that has
not already been presented for settlement or pay-
ment." i should like to have the question taken
on the amendment which I have sent to the desk,
in order that the section may be putin its proper
form, i move to strike out the words "claims
forarrearages," and insert " unadjusted accounts
for forage, subsistence, and transportation here-
tofore made;" so that the section will read:
"That all unadjusted accounts for forage, subsistence,
and transportation, under appropriations heretofore made,
and due on account of the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties,'5 &c.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President,it must be per
fectly obvious from the letter of the Third Auditor
of the Treasury, which has been read—a letter
called out by a resolution introduced into the
Senate—that"thi3 is but another way of fixing; a
rule of evidence to get a balance of claims that
cannot be allowed under the existing law. That
is all there is of this case. The law as it stands,
according to the letter of the Third Auditor, is
amply sufficient to allow him to examine, adjudge,
and pay all the claims that Congress, 111 appro-
priating the $75,000 a few years aj^o, intended to
pay; but like every oilier batch of this sort, claims
have been presented without any foundation what-
ever. You cannot adjust claims against thiu? jprov-
ernment on any basis, when for every validclaim
