1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
ested. "Whether Mr. Thompson has obtained
the consent of the Indians to this payment is a
disputed fact, and one which it is proper for the
Government, in the discharge of administrative
duties, to determine, in pursuance of the terms
of the law itself; and the committee believed that
it was neither competent nor proper for Congress
to determine this disputed state of facts. Whether
the law was properly administered, or not, they
thought it had finally adjusted the rights of Mr.
Thompson against the Indians, and placed them
on a proper footing, requiring the assent of the
Indians to the payment of this money. That
condition, which was attached by the House of
Representatives, is understood and agreed, both
by the officers of the Government and Mr.
Thompson himself, to be a subsisting part and
parcel of the law. In the attempt to administer
this law, they have proceeded as though that was
part of the original law published in the statute-
book. Whether the condition has been complied
with—in other words, whether the assent of the
Indians has been obtained—is a question of ad-
ministration entirely, with which the Senate has
nothing to d(w
Mr. STUaKT. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make an explanation, for I see he does not
understand my point.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think I do.
Mr. STUART. Suppose that at a later day a
subsequent administrative officer, knowing noth-
ing about this amendment of the House, shall be
called upon to pay this money. There is the
statute declaring that the Government shall pay
to Mr. Thompson $42,0011, with no conditions
attached to it. It seems to me that it should not
be left in that shape, but that Congress should
restore the provision, so that any subsequent
Administration or Executive Department, in look-
ing at it, will find the law with the condition
attached to it, and will then be obliged to inquire
whether that condition has been complied with.
I agree with the Senator from Arkansas, that it
is a question for the Executive Department, and
riot for Congress, to determine, whether the con-
dition has been complied with or not; but the
difficulty is, that as the law is printed, and as it
appears on an examination of the statute-book,
theie is no condition attached to it, but it is an
absolute provision that this amount shall be
paid.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am aware of the diffi-
culty suggested by the Senator from Michigan,
but! think that, in this case, it does not amount
to anything, for the records and files of the De-
partment show the consent of the parties to this
condition. It is as public and permanent there,
,,as it would be upon the statute-book of the coun-
try; and the only question new is, not as to the
original justice of the law, in regard to which I
think we are concluded, but as to whether the
terms of the law have been complied with—•
whether, in other words, the Indians have as-
sented. That matter in relation to assent is the
very amendment which the House placed upon
the bill, and which made it conform to the views
which I had occasion to express once before as
to what was proper and just in this ease. It was
a case in which I never thought Congress ought,
by the exertion of its own power, to provide for
the payment of the money without obtaining the
assent of the Indians; and that is now admitted
to be a part of the law by the agreement of the
parties, and their action under it. It is upon
that question that the committee obtained juris-
diction over the case. I think we can do nothing
else than let it stand precisely where it now is.
I think it not only becomes a question of propri-
ety, but of competency, whether the Senate can
legislate in a matter of this kind.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think that if the law be per-
mitted to remain on the statute-book as it is, this
money will be paid without reference to the fact
whether the tribe of Indians consents to the pay-
ment or not. It may not be paid immediately, but
it will ultimately be paid; the law on the statute-
book would justify the payment. The party will
ultimately claim that here is a law which author-
izes and directs the money to be paid to him, and
hu will probably get it*
1 agree that Congress ought not to interfere
with the question whether the Munomonces have
assented to it; but should leave that with the De-
partment, Yet the law can be put in such a form
that it shall read as if it were truly published and
recorded. I should be unwilling to discharge the
committee, because I think they ought to propose
to put the law on the statute-book in the condition
in which it was intended to be.
Mr. CASS. I should like to hear the report,
read.
Mr. BROWN. The report merely asks that
the committee be discharged.
Mr. CASS. Then I should like to hear the
pap^-s connected with the case read. I know
nothing about it. It seems to me to involve a very
serious question. I think, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] and my
colleague have said, that the statute-book should
be put right.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Michigan de-
sires to hear the papers read. I have a few words
to say on this question, and I prefer to say them
at once, because it will take about two days and
a half to read the papers, and I do not wish to
postpone what little I have to say until that
time.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the special order; and it -must be taken up, unless
the Senate direct otherwise.
Mr. GEYER. . I call for its consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The special order is the
bill (H. R. No. 13) granting the ri^ht of way to
the St. Louis and Iron Mountain railroad through
the arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barracks
tracts.
Mr. BROWN. I move to postpone the special
oider, so that we may settle this question. I
think we had better finish it at once.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that will not be
done. The bill announced by the Chairis exceed-
ingly important to this railroad. It is one that
admits of no delay. They are arrested now in
the prosecution of their business; and the matter
which the Senator from Mississippi desires to
have settled is evidently one which will require
some time.
Mr. BROWN. I do not see why it cannot be
settled in fifteen minutes. It is important to the
interests of private citizens that it should be done.
Air. BENJAMIN. The special order is a very
important public matter.
• Mr. PAIOWN. I ask for a vote on my mo-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. I have a remark to make before
the vote is taken. I inquired at the Secretary's I
table for the papers, for the purpose of examin-
ing this case, and was informed by him that all
the papers are in the hands of the printer, so that
nobody here, except the committee who may have
read them, can get any information on the sub-
ject. I apprehend that when any Senator desires
a postponement for such a reason, no one will
insist on passing upon the measure in the absence
of the papers by which alone we could have an
understanding such as would satisfy our judg-
ment in regard to it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] to postpone the special Older.
The motion was not agreed to.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
13) granting the right of way to the St. Louis
and lion Mountain railroad through the arsenal,
magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts.
Mr. P1TZPATR1CK. Mr. President, matters
of a private character, over which I had no con-
trol, prevented my attendance in the Senate yes-
terday morning. My absence then, I understand,
operated to some extent in inducing the Senate
to postpone the consideration of this bill, so as to
enable me to submit some remarks upon it. I
regret that the same reasons which detained me
yesterday have since operated so as to prevent
me from bestowing upon the subject that attention
which I should like to devote to it. Pressing calls
of duty, to which we arc all liable, have demanded
my attention within the last forty-eight hours, so
that I have been literally deprived of an oppor-
tunity even of looking into the case. At one
time, I was familiar with the main facts connected
with it, but so long a period has intervened since
then that many of the facts have disappeared from
my memory. I understand, also, that there was
an elaborate discussion of the question yesterday,
in which several Senators participated. I have
not been able to see the report of that discussion,
and hcncc I am at a loss what to say or what
arguments to answer.
I had not the good fortune to concur with the
majority of the committee who reported this bill.
The Committee on Military Affairs was not full,
and, on private interviews since then with the
gentlemen who composed the committee, I learn
that two of my colleagues [Messrs. Weller and
Iverson] agree with me in opinion in reference
to it. It was, however, taken up and discussed,
and all the members of the committee who were
present, except myself, concurred in the report
made to the Senate recommending the passage of
the bill.
Situated thus, not being aware of what oc-
curred in the debate yesterday, I do not feel in-
clined to attempt anything like an argument on
this subject. I learn from my friend from Cali-
fornia, who participated in the discussion yester-
day, that a communication from the head of the
ordnance department was then read to the Senate,
presenting the question, in all its aspects, for the
consideration of the Senate. I deem it proper
now to ask for the reading of the communication
of the Secretary of War, which was before the
committee when the subject was pending there.
It is a matter about which I have no personal
knowledge or personal feeling; but I desire to
discharge a public duty. I admit that I have
derived most of my views from the facts set forth
in the communications from the ordnance depart-
ment and the Secretary of War, who legitimately
has charge of all matters of this kind. I ask for
the reading of the letter of the Secretary of War.
It was read as follows:
War Dfpartment,
Washington, January 28,185-1.
Sir : E nave considered the memorial of the president and
(luectorsoi the St. Louisand lionMountainltaiiroadCom-
pany, in legai d to the action of this Department under the
a of which grants them right of way through the public
pounds at Use St. Louis aisenal, the St. Louis manne
hospital, and Je/Feison b.nracks, but by one pioviso makes
the location Mihject to the approval of the Secretary of
War, and imposes the condition that the location of the
road can, in ins opinion, be made without injury to the
public mtciest.
Soon after the passage of the act, the engineer of the
company submitted a map of the proposed location for the
appi oval of tins Depai tinent; and, after carefully consider-
in? the views expressed by the heads of the appropriate
buteau^ and other officers who had repoited oil the sub-
ject, the following propositions were made to the com-
pany :
1. The road through the arsenal grounds to he located
one hundred feet further east than the line on tiie map sub-
mitted.
2. The railroad company to be required to place a stone
wall of such height as the commanding officers shall des-
ignate between the road and the grounds occupied for mil-
itary purposes, (with suitable iron gates and ways,) and a
btiong wire fence between the road and the water, with
suitable iron gates and ciossing places; the number of
gates not to exceed four at Jefferson bairaeks, one at the
magazine, and one at the arsenal—the points to be selected
by the commanding officers thereof—but the Government
to have the right to open as many ways across the raihoad
to the water as the circumstances of the service may re-
qune, hut without expense to the company; the road from
the arsenal to the water to be passed over by a budge in
such a manner as to cause no obstruction.
3. The commanding officer's house, and any other houses
it may be necessary to remove in consequence of the road
passing through the public grounds, to be taken down and
removed to sites designated by the commanding oifieer, and
put up at the expense of the company.
4. The company to keep the gates, fences, and crossing
places in repair as long as they retain the right of way for
the road; and to keep, ut all times, watchmen, or other suit-
able persons, to give timely notice of the approach of trams.
5. That the company shall be responsible for all losses
which maybe bustained by the public, either by the destruc-
tion of public property, oi bycollision with the trams pass-
ing over the seveial crossing places.
6. IIoi se power only to be used in passing through the
public giounds.
In making these propositions the Department had no dis-
position whatever to impose unnecessary burdens upon the
company, or to magnify mere inconveniences into an «in-
jury to the public interestand no condition was proposed
which is not regarded as essential to gunrd against *uch
direct and immediate mjmy as the proviso was intended to
prevent.
These proposition? -vere accepted by the company on the
26th of October. The memorahsts say the first has been
complied with, and the fourth and fifth are not objection-
able, but seek to be released from the second, third, and
sixth.
The second condition they desire to be so changed as to
allow them to construct a wire feneeinstead of stone walls.
The Department was satisfied with a wire fence between
the road and the water, but a stone wall between the road
and the rest of the grounds is deemed indispensable. The
post being a cavalry station, theie ate, and will continue to
be, a large numher of horses there, and the troops, more-
over, will often be engaged in cavalry exercises, and m
