THE COMPRESSION A T, GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROjCBSOIWGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J)i C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress., 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 185G.
New Series....No. 139.
bility of these officers, and the amount of prop-
erty placed in their haiuLs, they would not oppose
this slight increase of their salaries. It is utterly
impossible for a public officer to live on $825 per
annum, having often very large amounts of pub.-
lie property in his hands, and sometimes being
in the command of a garrison, if there can be
such a thing as a military storekeeper command-
ing. At all events he is sometimes the only one
left at the garrison, charged with public property.
Surely it seems to me $825 is a very poor com-
pensation to the military storekeeper at the Wash-
ington Arsenal. Every Senator must see that it
is impossible for him to live on that salary. I
ask to have a separate vote'taken on that part of
the section which provides for an incfeasea num-
ber of military storekeepers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be taken on so much of the section as
refers to the increase of the salary of military
storekeepers.
Mr. WELLER. No; the Senate has passed
on that question. I ask for a separate vote on
increasing the number of military storekeepers.
Mr. PEARCE. If I understand the Senator
he proposes to take the vote on the first four
lines of the section down to the word " law." I
■hall not make any objection to the appointment
of the additional military storekeepers asked for
if they be left to the operation of the present law,
assigning them pay and quarters. I am not pre-
pared to make any change in that respect; but I
shall, for my own part, make no objection to the
addition of five military storekeepers to the quar-
termaster's department, if the Senator confines
his motion to that.
Mr. WELLER. That is my motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to strike out the first part of the
eighth-section, in these words: " That there shall
be added to the quartermaster's department of the
Army, five military storekeepers, who shall give
the bond and security required by the existing
law."
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out the residue of the section.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 14, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. WELLER. It would be better to pass
over this amendment informally, with a view of
returning to it and proceeding with the rest of the
bill. I have no doubt there is a quorum about
the Capitol. A number of Senators are now en-
gaged on committees of conference.
Mr. STUART. I think we should ascertain
the fact whether there is a quorum here, and if
there is not, I think we had better adjourn. To
do business with less than a quorum is certainly
not very advisable. If there is a quorum, Sena-
tors should feel it their duty to be here; and if
not, let us ascertain it. I therefore ask for the
yeas and nays on this motion.
Mr. PEARCE. I think what we have just
witnessed is a pretty good evidence of the pro-
priety of not passing affirmatively on this propo-
sition at the present time. Here is a proposition,
not only to add new officers to the quartermas-
ter's department, but to establish for them a scalc
of salary not known, I believe, to our laws now.
If it be not a change of the present Jaw, there is
no necessity for malting this provision.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will give
way, to enable me to make a report from a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The second committee of
conference on the bill (H. R. No. 202) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th "of June, 1857, and for other pur-
poses, have met, and have been unable to agree.
In order to narrow the issue, and present it dis-
tinctly, it is recommended by our committee that
the Senate rgped^ front-all its amendments except
139
those in relation to Kansas, and that in regard to
books for members of the House of Representa-
tives. We propose to recede from our amend-
ments numbered 18, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, 36,
and 37. The committee recommend that the
Senate insist upon the amendments in regard to
books, and the payment of the Kansas Legisla-
ture. In regard to the amendments striking out
the House provisoes, to which the House dis-
agreed, the committee recommend that the Senate
adhere. They are numbered 20 and 30 in the
amendments. I move, in obedience to the in-
struction of the committee, that, as to amend-
ments 18, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, 3G, and 37, the
Senate rccede.
Several Senators. What are tliey ?
Mr. HUNTER. These are all amendments
relating to legislative matters, and the increase of
salaries. The object of the committee has been
to narrow down the issue and present it distinctly
on the Kansas question, upon which we disagree.
To do that, I move that we recede from every-
thing else except the book amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. The amendments have not
been read.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the motion divisible ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is divisible, but not amend-
able. A separate vote can be taken on each
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on receding from the amendments
designated by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should like to understand
what these propositions are. The Senator from
Virginia can state them separately, so that we
may hear what it is that we are to give up.
Mr. HUNTER. I can state them. The first
amendment from which T have moved to recede,
No. 18, is an amendment increasing the pay of
the officers of the Mint; No. 22 is an amendment
increasing the pay of the southern district judge
in California; Nos. 23 and 24 are amendments
increasing the pay of the judges of the District
of Columbia; Nos. 27, 28, 29, 36, and 37, are
amendments providing for a supervising inspector
of steamboats at San Francisco, and local inspect-
ors in Oregon, and making appropriations there-
for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on receding from the amendments indicated by
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is asking the Senate
to do a great deal. It is asking ua to recede from
all the amendments which we have placed on the
legislative appropriation bill. We have placed
none on the Army bill; but if the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia thinks we can gain anything
by receding, I am willing to yield those amend-
ments in which I feel an interest, because I am
anxious to have the appropriation bills passed,
so that the Government can go on; but if he is
not decidedly of the opinion that it will facilitate
an agreement between the two Houses in refer-
ence to the Kansas dispute, I am for adhering to
these amendments also. I am willing to do any-
thing that is proper for the sake of conciliation
and compromise; but 1 do not see that we are
going to gain anything from the House in regard
to the Kansas matter, upon which both branches
appear to be inflexible.
Mr. FISH. Following the example of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I will simply state
that the adoption of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will, in my opinion, be the
rejection of the bill. That is the question upon
which the Senate is now called upon to act—
whether they will lose this appropriation bill
upon this issue? The whole question is in-
volved in this motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not understand the
Senator from New York. Does he undertake to
say, that if we adhere to our position in regard
to the Kansas provisoes, which have been sent to
us on this bill by the House of Representatives,
the bill will be lost?
Mr. FISH. 1 believe so. That is my opinion
I want the Senate to understand that distinct I;,
as the question involved in* the motion to adhere,
instead of a motion to'insist.
Mr. WELLER. Then I. do not see the pro-
priety of receding from the amendments which
we have made to this bill, because, certainly, the
Senate never intend to recede from the position
they have assumed on the Kansas question.
Every amendment to this bill, in which I feel any
interest, or in which my constituents were inter-
ested, the Senator from Virginia proposes that
we shall recede from and abandon-. If that be
regarded as the best policy, I am disposed to
acquiesce; but if the Senator from New York be-
right in declaring that, if the Senate maintain the
position they have assumed on the Kansas ques-
tion, this appropriation bill will be inevitably
lost, I do not see the propriety of receding from
those amendments.
Mr. FISH. I expressed my opinion on that.
I have, perhaps, some reasons for it, which it is-
not worth while to detain the Senate by giving.
I believe the adoption of a resolution to adhere
is the rejection of the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 was a member of this com-
mittee of confcrence; and the ground on which
a majority of the committee on the part of this
body have agreed to recede from all these amend-
ments, excepted to by the House, was; that they
were of a legislative character. That is the chief
ground of opposition which we have-to the amend-
ments affixed to this bill in relation to Kansas.
We think that, by simplifying the issue, by re-
ducing the points of difference between the two
Houses to two distinct questions—one in relation
to the affairs of Kansas, and the other in relation
to what we consider the illegal appropriation of
money for the purchase of books for the use of
members—we shall be enabled to arrive, at any
rate, at a satisfactory conclusion.
With regard to what has fallen from the Senator
from New York,if it was intended to he a threat
to the Senate, I, for my own part, am ready now
to say that, if the adherence or rejection of these
amendments, on the part of the Senate, leads t.o
the defeat of this bill, I, for one, am prepared to
meet that issue; and I only regret that the same
provisions have not been affixed to every appro-
priation bill sent from the House. I am prepared
to meet it. I consider it revolutionary; and the
sooner we arrive at a conclusion on that matter
the better.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, the Senator from
Louisiana wholly misunderstandsme, if he sup-
poses that I am capable of offering to the Senate
anything like a threat. There was nothing of
that sort which could be reasonably inferred from
what I stated to the Senate. What I stated to
the Senate was, that I wished them to understand
the question upon which they were called to vote.
I have been now some five years a member of
this body, and I am not aware that ever, until
now, has a committee of conference asked the
Senate to " adhere." The question has been in-
variably one upon " insisting." ' I have myself
served upon a third committee of conference from
this body at this very session, on one of the ap-
propriation bills, and that committee adjusted the
differences between the two Houses. I think
that, some two or three years sincc, we had four,
if not five, committees of conference between the
two Houses on the Navy appropriation bill; and
the differences were finally adjusted, and the bill
saved. There have been in this case but two
committees of conference, both consisting of the
same members on the part of the Senate, but dif-
ferent members on the part of the House; and
yet the committee now recommend an " adher-
ence" on the single real question at issue be-
tween the two Houses. It is unusual—it is un-
precedented, certainly, so far as my five years'
experience here has gone. To me it is a novel
proceeding. I confess 1 was not aware that it
was to be recommended by the committee that
the Senate should adhere; I wished, therefore,
the Senate to understand that the question of
adherence was one which involved the loss of
1 the bill, I appeal to the Senator from Virginia—i
