1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Evans.
Ho. or Reps.
selves, with Washington, Hamilton, and Frank-
lin? For whether the ethnological dogma be a
sober fact or a ridiculous fiction, that was neither
the time nor the place for its assertion. And,
besides, the proposition itself is so supremely
preposterous, that it may well be doubted whether
any sane mind, fully comprehending the terms,
ever yet truly believed it. The word equality is
synonymous with exact resemblance, and can never
be applied without violent absurdity, to things in
which the difference or contrast predominates
over the likeness. As well might you Btate an
algebraic equation between the numerals one and
one thousand, as between the inferior colored
races and {hose which stand at the climax in the
ascending scale of civilization.
Returning, however, to the condition of social
and civil institutions at the origin of American
political history, you see almost everywhere the
focal laws of the several States deeply marked and
strongly tinctured with the colors of British aris-
tocracy, with the insolent rights of primogeniture,
the powerful tyranny of entails, and the arbi-
trary mechanism of organized monopolies; while
even public opinion, under the guidance of some
illustrious leaders, evinced a perverse tendency of
reaction towards ancient forms. But precisely
when the danger to liberty was becoming most
imminent, a beneficent Providence raised up and
brought forward on the stage of our national
drama, the greatest political philosopher that ever
lived in any epoch or country—that truly wonder-
ful genius, that matchless mind, so potent in the
faculty of comprehensive generalization, so patient
and thoroughly searching in analysis, and so dex-
terous in dealing with the perplexities %f details,
that the emanations of his thought seemed almost
the effects of inspiration, and his sentences
sounded like oracles of superhuman wisdom.
And if first of all, and incomparably above all,
Washington stands exalted as the Father and
temporal savior of the Republic, Jefferson is fairly
entitled to the praise of being the genuine parent
and chief apostle of the Democratic party—that
party which was based on the idea of equal sov-
ereignty distributed among all the citizens of the
Union without distinction. He declared a war
of extermination against everything that opposed
this grand conception—against primogeniture,
entails, monopolies, and all the impudent preten-
sions of oligarchy, in whatsoever form the few
might seek to impose subjection on the many.
Fearing not to trust the intelligence of the people,
he called the masses to his standard, and by the
aid of their irresistible alliance routed the friends
and admirers of English aristocracy—the advo-
cates of gentle birth and classical education as the
only doors to the dignities of place and power.
Such was the inauguration and primary victory
of the Democratic idea.
But, to achieve this splendid triumph, Thomas
Jefferson had to contend with fearful odds, with
all the learning, and prejudice, with the pen-
sioned talents, the party drill, and cunning tactics
of his day. He had nothing but his grand army
of peasantry to vanquish the hosts of cavaliers,
the mailed knights of monopoly and privilege, the
flower and elite of the self-assumed higher classes.
And this fact alone explains the immense popu-
larity and extraordinary vigor of his Adminis-
tration. The very humblest man of his party
felt the proud consciousness that his own arm
had assisted in the glorious combat, and that he
himself shared a portion of the luster which
beamed around the brow of his conquering chief-
tain. A President, to command real power for
administrative functions, must be strong in public
opinion, and in close, as it were, magnetic sym-
pathy with the common sentiments and even
passions of the people. He must feel that the
crust of the earth is solid granite beneath his feet
before he can venture to take steps which may
shake the poles. But the sage of Democracy
well knew the all-enduringfirmness of the ground
on which he stood, and hence resulted the bold-
ness of his measures and the energy of their exe-
cution. And in this respect he has had no equal
since, with the single exception of General Jack-
son, who indeed occupied precisely the same
position. For both these great men owed their
measureless popularity to the harmony of their
intuitions ana ideas with the feelings and opin-
ions of the people. Almost without advisers,
they were, so to speak, both their own Cabinets,
and consequently without discord in deliberation
or imbecility in action; and the similar effect for
each has been a universal and imperishable fame.
If you travel into the remote woods of the far
West, or wander among the sequestered valleys
of distant mountains, you may find whole neigh-
borhoods that never so much as heard of some
Presidents; but roam where you will, every-
where and anywhere, at the sources of the Mis-
sissippi, and by the sands of the Mexican gulf,
with the hunters of the wide prairies and the
trappers of the northern Cordilleras, the names
of Jefferson and Jackson are still uttered as
household words, and repeated forever as mag-
ical forms of incantation by the lips of Democrats
throughout the world.
The struggle, however, between the antagon-
istic parties and principles did not terminate with
the brilliant triumph of Jefferson. But from that
day until the present hour, the Democratic idea
has steadily gained ground, so that now the
sovereign equality of all citizens is recognized in
theory, at least, by all classes, and even by the
most opposite schools of statesmen.
Nevertheless, the ingenuity of the professional
politicians is as great as their appetite for power
shows itself insatiable; and at a very early
period, when aristocracy had already suffered an
irrevocable decline in opinion, they contrived a
sinister scheme to restore its domination' in an-
other shape. And, indeed, one might almost
say, that if the very prince of all evil had him-
self inspired them, these political traitors against
freedom could not possibly have imagined a more
effectual method for the consummation of their
object than the old caucus system of effecting
nominations for the presidency, by the combi-
nations and intijjgues of the members of Con-
gress. This plan for the disfranchisement of the
people soon grew to be an intolerable grievance,
and turned the Government into an arrogant
"Oligarchy, which continued the usurpation until
General Jackson crushed all its machinery into
atoms, beneath the weight of his immense and
resistless popularity.
But the despotism of the caucus being swept
away and literally consumed in the fires of gen-
eral indignation, the phoenix of conventions, that
other bird of still more evil omen, quickly arose
from its ashes, under the cunning and baleful
tyranny of this new and irresponsible power:
the spirit of oligarchy has become incarnate in a
more detestable form, and has reduced all the
political rights and influence of the people to the
paltry alternative of a selection between two rival
candidates, the nominees of the opposing con-
ventions.
It will be urged, I am well aware, that the high
authority of General Jackson has approved by
an explicit sanction this odious system of con-
ventions. But it must be remembered, that he
did so only under the safe limitation and positive
proviso, " that the delegates should come fresh
from the people." And I ask you, sir, if that
absolute and necessary condition is fulfilled in the
present practice of any political organization?
Do the delegates come into convention fresh from
the people ?—do they even come from the people
at all ? Every intelligent man in the United States
knows the fact to be far otherwise. We have all
seen how these things are managed. In what
manner are the first delegates elected in the vil-
lages of the rural districts ? Every county of every
State in the whole Republic can bear witness that
these pretended representatives of popular opin-
ion, of the worth and wisdom of this great nation,
are in fact chosen by a few professional politi-
cians, office-holders, or expectants of office, with
their little circle of satellites, the bullies of the
bar-room, and other species of that large and
politically influential genus vulgarly denominated
loafers!
But if you turn from such disgraceful scenes
for . solace to the populous towns, the case is
worse still; and worst of all in the great capitals
of commerce; for there the clamorous confusion
of the primary meetings baffles all the powers of
description by either pen or pencil; and the paid
prize-fighters of faction, the butcher boys, and
braves of fancy, have it all their own way.
'' Delegates fresh from the people!" And who
are the people ? Surely not such specimens as
these. _ No, sir. While the pettifogger and drilled
politician stand brawling over the names of their
favorites you will find the real people, the power
and pride of their country, at home: the mechanic
with his tools, the farmer behind his plow, the
merchant beside his ledger, the physician with
his patients, the clergyman at his desk. For
none of the truly sovereign classes employed in
the production or distribution of material, intel-
lectual or moral wealth, have either the time or
the taste for the low intrigues and stormy agita-
tion of such assemblies, which are therefore left
to the supervision of the political loafers, withou
control or a shadow of responsibility.
I think it may be safely assumed that, out of
the three or four millions of voters in the United
States, not one man in the thousand has anything
to do, even by indirection, with the choice or
delegates to any convention. What a strange
phenomenon is this in the practice of a free Gov-
ernment! Will the historian of future ages, or
the Democrat of distant generations, be able to
1 credit the monstrous fact, that such a system of
I utter and unrelieved aristocracy was permitted to
i grow up and flourish in the bosom of an enliglit-
| ened republic ?
| The annals of the world prove, beyond all con-
troversy, that the rightof nomination monopolizes
! to itself all other power, and is in fact supremfe.
| And it is clear almost as a mathematical axiom,
and demonstrated by all experience, that no man
! can receive a presidential nomination except by
intriguing with the very persons who are des-
tined to be the members of his Cabinet, or the
ministers to represent his government at foreign
courts. Hence, in the nature of things, the ne-
cessary result must be a nomination, not upon
principle, or national policy, or even individual
merit, but under the motive influence of self-in-
terest, in a manner as corrupting to the nominee
as to the electors. And thus, on the unhallowed
altar of patronage and the spoils of office, public
morality and political integrity are habitually
sacrificed in every caucus and convention; for
such is the inevitable consequence of that danger-
ous and demoralizing system.
A famous sceptical philosopher has maliciously
defined Democracy to be " a government by dem-
agogues." But if Hobbes had flourished at this
day, he might, with a fine show of reason, have
characterized the aristocracy of conventions as a
government of political loafers. It is even more
baneful than the old exploded plan of the despotic
caucus. For the members of Congress, who by
that means effected presidential nominations,
must have felt some sense of responsibility to the
people, as the tenure of their offices depended
upon the popular will. It is not so with the del-
egates. They owe allegiance to no power save
party, and have neither hope nor fear but in the
future smiles or frowns of the coming Adminis-
1 tration.
j And what, sir, have been the practical conse-
j quences of this unnatural and insolent tyranny ?
j It has ostracised all our greatest statesmen, so
, that now the only certain passport to the highest
i position of honor and trust is the possession of a.
I prudent mediocrity. Such is the universal testi-
mony and indignant complaint of the whole coun-
try. Eminent services, brillianteloquence, varied
learning, far-sighted policy, a world-wide fahie,
are all so many insurmountable obstacles in the
path of promotion which leads to the President's
chair; for to be known to the people is to be
ignored by the convention. As the only legiti-
mate highways to exalted station have been thus
effectually barred, politicians are led by a moral
necessity to seek out the crooked and corrupt
avenues of party intrigue and conspiracy. Re-
fusing to accept the great practical issues made
up by the wants- and wishes of the age, they
undertake, with all the subtile ingenuity of special
pleaders, to prepare fictitious cases for the political
jury of the country—cases which have no other
tendency or object than the perpetuity of agitation.
They call their convention, construct their plat-
form, and designate their nominees, who are noth-
ing more than the mere John Does in this process
of political ejectment, designed to secure the use
ana possession of three hundred millions of public
