2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
appeal to the Senate, if that be not the inevitable
result ? The Senator from Louisiana has 110 right
to suggest that there was anything like a threat
involved in that intimation, in asking the Senate
to consider well what was to be the result before
they acted.
Sir, I disclaim entirely any idea of threatening,
and the Senator has no right to suggest that I in-
timated anything of the sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will suggest that the question now
before the Senate is simply on receding from
certain amendments indicated by the Senator
from Virginia. When that shall be done, the
question will be on adhering to the other amend-
ments which he has named.
Mr. SL1DELL. The Senator from New York
will permit me to Say that, whatever may have
been hisintention, the tone and language employed
by him intimated very distinctly, to my mind, a
threat of an issue which I am prepared to meet;
and, I repeat again, I wish the fate of every
appri&tion bill were involved in the same ques-
tion.
Mr. FISH. I am fully aware of that.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from New
York if he believes, that by having another com-
mittee of conference, we can settle this matter. If
I believed so, I would ask for it. I inquire of
him if he does not believe the matter has come to
this, that it is to be seen which will give way, the
House of Representatives or the Senate?
Mr. FISH. When I leit the conference room
of the last enmmktee of conference, I certainly
left it under the impression that there was apos-
sibility of agreement.
Mr. HUNTER. On the Kansas question?
Mr. FISH. Oil this Kansas question.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator says that, I
am willing to modify my motion, so that it shall I
be to " insist," and ask for another conferencc. !
Mr. FISH. I do not say there is a probability
of agreement—I sa'y a possibility.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am entirely opposed to
any rash, hasty action on this subject. I have
just come from a committee of conference on the
Army appropriation bill, and this very question
arose there. Wo differed wiih the committee of
the House, and we told them we saw no prospect
of the Senate receding; but wo did not resolve to
adhere. AVe firmly told the gentlemen of the
House what the jjentimeut of the Senate was,and
what we thought of their comse.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me
lam prepared to mod ify my motion after what
the Senator from New York has said.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope it will be simply a
motion to insist. To adhere at this stage is con-
trary to parliamentary custom.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ramc now to insist on all
the amendments, and ask for another committee i
of conference.
Mr. JONliS, of Tennessee. I suggest to my I
friend from Virginia whether it will not be, better J
for us to concede everything they ask, and which j
we can give ? 1 am piepared to recede from every- 1
thing except that which involves a question of I
honor. I hope the Senator will modity his prop- j
osition, so as to recede from all our amendments '
affecting the interests of our constituents, mere [
matteis of dollars and cents; but where a ques- |
tion of principle is concerned, 1 tell my friend ;
from Sow York, [Mr. Fish,] that, we are stand- 1
ing on the rights of our people, and on the Con-
stitution, and we mean to stand there.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 do not see that there is any
necessity for any heat on this subject. I sup-
pose there has nothing occurred here now that we
have not always had in contemplation, as a thing
pox-able to happen. 1 do not think, that if there
should be an absence ofall protests of determin-
ation on the part of the majority of the Senate,
anybody in this Capitol, or in tins metropolis, or
in the country, would have the least doubt that
it i.5 their present determination to stand upon the
use, then, of angry or excited words which can-
not change the opinions of either party ? It is
possible; but if we are to be changed at all, it
must be done by other means than defiance to-
wards each other.
Now, I barely wish to say, without any threat,
without any passion, without any excitement,
withput saying a word in the least calculated to
excite feeling anywhere, that, adhering to my
opinions before expressed on this subject, I quite
agree that it is our right and duty in the Senate,
and the right and duty of the majority of the
Senate—and I am willing to aid them in it—to
reduce this issue to the single one of the Kansas
question, and then let that be the subject of con-
sultation, of negotiation—if you please, of con-
ciliation—on both sides, until the end. Nobody
knows—nobody can know, that we cannot agree
after all. We can certainly never be made to
agree by passion. I do not expect that we shall
change our position; but I perfectly accord to
the idea, that we should recede from all the other
amendments, except these political ones, if I may
call them so, as distinguished from those of com-
mon and ordinary character of business, and let
another committee of conference be appointed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move, as the honor-
able Senator from Virginia first did, that we
recede from all the amendments from which he
proposed we should recede, leaving nothing
but this unhappy subject of dispute remaining.
When we have granted everything that we can
grant, we can then come up to this disputable
question, and try to settle that. Rid the bill of
everything else; have no other question; show a
conciliatory and conceding temper on our part.
There is no occasion for passion here. The
subject, as I view it, is of too much importance
for any feeling of that sort. Let us have none
of that. Gentlemen can be just as firm without
that as with it. Let us recede from all other
amendments, and leave this question to stand
alone in its own important nature, so that the
attention of both Houses may be confined to it.
That is my proposition.
Mr. FISH. 1 hope that resolution will prevail;
and I hope, then, that the question will be one
of insisting, and not of adhering. It was that
to which 1 desired to call attention, and to the
consequence" of the resolution, proposed by the
Senator from Virginia from the committee of
conference, to adhere. I trust there will be no
adherence.
Mr. 11A YARD. I am as much in "favor of
conciliation as the honorable Senator from New
York. I would exhaust every effort, for it before
1 would bring the two Houses into final collision,
and 1 am, therefore, in favor of the ideasuggested
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, of the
Senate again seeking, by a committee ot confer-
ence, if they can, to reconcile the differences of
opinion. 1 differ, however, from those gentle-
men who say we ought to recede from our amend-
ments for the purpose of a committee of confer-
ence. _When we recede from alt our other amend-
ments^ it. ought to be for the, purpose of adher-
ence. As to most of those amendments, I care
but little about them, and if the Senate choose to
recedc from them; it is a matter of no moment to
me; but I do not mean to recede, as far as my vote
is concerned, from the book amendment any more
than from the Kansas amendment. They both
involve important questions. It is not the mere
money—the which the House have
■^oted. That is important, but that is not all.
It is a question whether a single branch of the
Legislature, m the face of the law of Congress
passed (ougmutiug in that same branch) two
years ago, can violate that law with impunity,
and insist upon it against the amendment of the
Senate negativing their violation. I want to ad-
here to that amendment quite as much as to the
Kansas amendment. They both involve princi-
ples of so great importance, that, so far as 1 am
concerned, this bill must be lost if the amend-
position they have taken—the ground they have ments of the Senate cannot be obtained. I will
assumed in regard to Kansas in this bill. I ;i act calmly. 1 think a man may do a thing firmly
understand that is so without any assertion of without doing it with violence or using any harsh
theirs on that subject. I believe, that if I should j| language. I am piepared to meet the issue in
be entirely silent, and every other Senator be- j; every respect. I think the Senate are bound to
longmg to the minority of the Senate on this ; meet it. I think that it is right we should meet
question should bo silent, there would be no || it; and I think those who do it will have cause to
doubt in this Capitol or m this country, that j regret that they ever put us to that issue,
we remained of the same opinion. What is the1! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
insist on all the amendments.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend will not
ask us to recede from the book amendment, for
I think we had better keep the books to trade on.
They will be capital enough in this business be-
fore we get through. [Laughter.] That is my
opinion.
Mr. HTJNTER. The proposition I made,
was to recede from all our amendments to which
the House disagreed, except those numbered
twenty, twenty-one, and thirty, which are the
amendments in relation to Kansas, and to that
I will add No. 7, the amendment in regard to the
books, as it seems to be thought we had better
insist on that also. I move to insist on those
four amendments, and recede from all the rest of
the amendments.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
be good enough to divide the question. While
■we shall all agree on.receding as far as the ma-
jority propose, I desire to have the vote taken on
the other question; or, in other words, 1 shall
deem it my duty to move that the Senate recede
from all its amendments. I desire to have the
question distinctly presented.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on receding from the amendments indi-
cated by the Senator from Virginia.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Now I move to insist on the
amendments numbered seven, twenty, twenty-
one, and thirty.
Mr. WILSON. What are they ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, 7 relates to books; Nos.
20, 30, and 21 relate to Kansas.
Mr. SEWARD. Divide that question, and let
us have the vote in regard to books separately.
Mr. HUNTER. That is No. 7. We can take
the question on that first. I move to insist on
the amendment in regard to the books.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance if the House
has not ordered the books, and if the books have
not been delivered to the new members ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know about that.
The motion to insist was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Now, upon the question of
insisting on the other three amendments, I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. If we are to have the yeas
and nays at all, I want them separately on the
book concern, and then the yeas and nays on the
Kansas amendments. I ask for the yeas and
nays in regard to the book amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We have insisted on
that amendment already.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
to have the yeas and nays on that. The question
is settled.
Mr. BAYARD. The book question is no more
settled than the others. We can have the yeas"
and nays taken equally on each.
Mr. HUNTER. We have passed on the book
amendment.
i Mr. BAYARD. A vote was taken on the
j other, and it was announced by the Chair. If
! you can take, the yeas and nays on one, you can
1 on the others.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. A separate
! vote may be taken on the book question, if there
be no objection.
| Mr. CASS. Has not that been determined?
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; and
; it requires a motion to reconsider. The question
| now is on insisting on the amendments in refer-
l ence to Kansas. On that the yeas and nays are
i ordered; and the Clerk will proceed to call the
I roll.
j The question being taken, resulted—yeas 33,
j nays 11; as follows:
; YEAS—Messis. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
| see, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clay,
: CJayton, Cmtenden, Douglas, Geyer, Houston, Hunter,
i Iver?on, .Tones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Malloiy,
I Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
i Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Weller, Wright, and
I Yulee—33.
| NAVS—Messrs. Coliamer, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster,
] Hale, Harlan, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—11.
I So the Senate insisted on its Kansas amend-
i ments.
