1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
these grounds, when it will pass at a distance of
six hundred and fifty feet from the arsenal, and
the company bind themselves not to use locomo-
tives at all while theJ3-overnment is receiving or
shipping powder. I hope tile Senate will, with-
out hesitation, grant them the right of way, and
let them have the benefit of this great improve-
ment.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, this is perhaps
one of the most important railways in process of
construction in the valley of the Mississippi. It
is a part of a line of road extending from the
center of the State of Iowa, through Missouri,
Arkansas, and western Louisiana, to some point
on the Mississippi river in the latter State. It is
known among us as the Mississippi valley road.
That portion of it which extends from St. Louis
north is now in process of construction, and a
part of it is in use. The portion which is called
the Iron Mountain road extends from St. Louis
southward, and will have a branch to unite with
the Mississippi at a point opposite, or nearly
opposite, Columbus, which will connect it with
the southern line of roads on the east side of the
Mississippi, t^t was chartered at a very early
period, and, as will be seen by the papers which
are,now on file with this bill, before the United
States magazine was erected on the ground where
it is now situated. It was then on the ground
now occupied by the marine hospital, or near it,
within two hundred feet, perhaps, of the river,
where boats were constantly ascending and de-
scending immediately under the bluff. After the
charter of the road, it was understood very gen-
erally that the line most desirable to be occupied
(if, indeed, there was any other practicable) was
that along the river.
It will be seen by reference to a document, a
part of which I shall presently read, that at the
time when the magazine was constructed, the fact
that the railroad was to run in front of it along
the river, was understood by the officer under
whoso superintendence it was there erected. As
has been stated by the Senator from Tennessee,
nn act in 1853 was passed, granting the right of
way, which was accepted with certain proposed
conditions, but accepted on the terms offered by
the Secietary of War. All those propositions
have been conformed to except that for the erec-
tion of a fence, and that for the use of horse-
power instead of a locomotive in passing through
the United States grounds.
In order that this matter may be perfectly un-
derstood, I desire to state to the Senate that these
tracts are a considerable distance from ouch other.
The arsenal tract is four arpens wide, fronting on
the river, and nearly two miles below the point
where the depot of the railroad will be. The
lower end of the Jefferson bai racks tract is some-
twelve miles along the line of the river below St.
Louis. The Jefferson barracks tract is nearly
three miles in length on the river. The proposi-
tion, therefore, of the Secretary of War, was to
build a stone wall along the entire front of the
Jefferson barracks tract of nearly three miles in
length, when there was not a foot of it behind
there inclosed. The arsenal tract was inclosed
by a wall being extended below the original bank
of the river, so as to occupy a portion of ground
formed there by accretion.
_ The company, in conforming to the first requi-
sition of the Secretary of War—removing the
road one hundred feet further east—were thrown
immediately on the brink of the original bank of
the river. The first effect of it was to throw the
line directly upon a mill situate adjoining the
arsenal tract, at the lower end of it on the south.
They were obliged to pay for that operation,
having to purchase the mill and the ground, fif-
teen or sixteen thousand dollars. If they are
required—and the Secretary of War makes it a
condition indispensable—.not to use steam power
in passing through any part of the public grounds,
you will see at once the effect of it; the company
must have their locomotives stopped at the south-
ern extreme of the Jefferson barracks tract. They
must there provide shelter, or a depot, for their
locomotives. They must then have a locomotive
ready at the upper end of the tract, to take their
cars from thence to the arsenal tract, and then
attach horses again through the arsenal tract, and
have another locomotive attached to their train
when they get above; so that it will require two
extra depots for locomotives as well as two extra
locomotives for each train ascending or descend-
ing that line of road.
"Now, Mr. President, 1 will inquire for a single
moment, what great public good is to be achieved
by exacting this from the company? The argu-
ment of the Secretary of War is, that the Jeffer-
son barracks is a dragoon station, and that the
horses are likely to be alarmed by the passage of
the train—because you will observe it i3 not the
locomotive that is to alarm the horses, for ho
requires not only that the locomotives shall be
dispensed with, but also that there shall be a
stone wall all along the whole front. The parade
ground of the Jefferson barracks is on a bluff sixty
feet above the level of the railroad; and a stone
wall built along the road, in order to conceal the
train, must bo built high enough above the top of
the hill to prevent the horses from looking over.
This would, perhaps, require it to be one hundred
feothigh. I do not know what the height is, but
I know that it is a very considerable bluff. I take
it that a board fence will answer the purpose of
concealing the train from the horses as well as a
stone wall.
I will mention further that the Jefferson bar-
racks are situated immediately on the bluff, as
shown by a diagram which I have before me.
The parade ground is half a mile in the rear, in
the woods, anil a man in the parade ground never
could see alocomative passing along the railroad
track. But, Mr. President, if dragoons, trained
especially for service in the Indian country, can-
not sit their horses when a locomotive is passing
along, they had better be disbanded. They will
be of no use unless their training enables them to
bear the passage of cars.
Now, one word as to the use of the locomotive.
Senators have been informed very properly that
this magazine, which was placed there after it was
known that the road was to bo constructed, is
over six hundred and fifty feet from the line of
the road. 1 said yesterday that it was almost
as near to the steamboats passing along the river,
and that inatime of high water, they, using steam
as they pass, expose the magazine to quite as
much danger as a locomotive would. The steam-
boats are running along that bank, perhaps, at
the very moment when 1 am speaking, within
within one hundred and fifty feet of the line of
the railroad. Instead of a chimney of the height
of that of a locomotive, they have chimneys
eighty feet high or more; so that the magazine
is in fact exposed to more danger from the steam-
boats than it would be from a locomotive on the
line of this rond.
litit, sir, when this magazine was being con-
structed the persons living in the neighborhood
remonstrated against it. It is not, as my honor-
able friend from Tennessee supposes, in the city
of St. Louis, or near it; but it is m a densely-pop-
ulated district, where persons occupy very small
tracts of land; and there are lime-kilns immedi-
ately in the neighborhood. Among the remon-
strances was one from a Mr. Ivory, in January
last, who alleged that it was exposed to great
danger. A report was made on that subject by
Major Beall, a part of which I will read;
" As tins site (a quarter of a mile square) is a quarter
of a mile m luuadth in a directum peipendicular to the
private line of Kenmlly, and a quarter ot' a mile m a dnec-
tion perpendicular to ihc Ime ot' the river, or parallel to
Kenmllyline, it is at oncc perceived that the mai>a/.me
may lie easily placed several hundred yard* distant, both
front Kenmlly';* hue and from the raihoad line on the
liver, which, tliouidi it run thtoush the tract, must ncces-
banly. from the nature of the ground, inn on the lower flat,
lieni the livei, and far away from the magazine ; so that
the latter may, m ail eases. be placed at ample distance for
secmity, both ftom the lailioad line and Irum the pnvate
line of Kennilly; While it will 1>" at a sufficient distance
to the noitli fioni the bairaek cluster of buildings forsecuuty
to them."
This isthe report of Major Bcall in answer to
the objections made by those who had property
m the neighborhood, and who feared that by its
exposure, being m the vicinity of lime-kilns,
thorp might he explosions to their injury.
There is one other objection made'by the Sec-
retary of War, which is that this bill does not
j provide that the company shall remove an old
building that is in the way there at the cost of a
few dollars. The Secretary supposes that it
ought to be done at the expense of the company,
however small or i^reat the cost. I should not
have any objection whatever to a piovision
requiring the company to remove that old build-
ing; but it seems to me to be a very small affair
upon which to arrest the progress of an improve-
ment of such immense importance to the now
densely-populated valley of the Mississippi along
the line of the river, having commerce nearly
equal to that of the Atlantic ocean.
Mr. President, does this bill provide adequate
security? It compels the company, in the first
place, to make a fence on each side of the road.
That was not in the bill which passed the Senate
last year, which provided for but one fence. It
next requires the company to construct four cov-
ered ways, so that everything is provided for
which is necessary in reference to the passage of
horses from the parade ground, or from their
stables to the water, and for the reception of sup-
plies for the Army. It provides, also, that the
company shall use at all times the best guards to
prevent sparks from passing from the chimneys
of their locomotive; and again, that upon notice
being received at any time before powder is to
be carried to that magazine or shipped from it,
they shall use horses only. They propose to do
everything which, in my judgment, is necessary
for the security of the public property. But be-
yond that, if in the opinion of the President of the
united States—and we know what that means—
if in the opinion of the chief of the proper depart-
ment, when the thing comes to be reduced to
practice, it should be found that a boaid fence is
not sufficient, the company are bound to erect a
stone or brick wall, or an iron fence, as they shall
bo required. And withal, they are to be respons-
ible in damages for any injury that may be sus-
tained to the public property by the use of the
road.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, I did
not design to say anything further on this sub-
ject when I last spoke on it; but the range which
the debate lias taken renders it necessary that
something should be said in vindication of those
whose duty it has been to jjuard the public inter-
ests, and to advise Congiess as to the proper
course of action on this matter. I am well aware
that it is not a very gracious office to stand out
in the protection of the public interests in the
rigid discharge of duty against individual interest.
You and I, sir, have often seen examples of this
truth here. The Secretary of War had no more
agency than you had in being placed as the arbi-
ter between Congress and this company.
Mr. GEYER. I have not made any charge
against the Secretaiy of War. I understand him
to be attending exclusively to his own Department.
I know that it is his business and his duty to
protect it, and to exact all the securities which he
thinks necessary for the public property.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am aware of that;
but it is not a pleasant duty for any individual to
petform. When this subject was first broached
before Congress the law then passed provided—
and it does not seem to have arrested the attention
of Senators—that the Secretary of War should
perform certain duties. The right of way was
granted by the law.
" Provided, That the route of the said railroad across
said grounds s-hall be approved by the ijecietaiy of War,
bc.bre the sam? is ciucicd upon foi the of con-
^ti noting s?aid load : Jhid ptovuied furthrr, That the sjimo
can he granted \\ tthout detument to the public interests, m
the opinion of said Secietaiy oi War."
Who constituted the Secretary of War Hie
agent to judge whether the public interest would
be affected ? Congress itself, without any agency
on the part of the Secretary of War. I regretted
to hear language fall from my honorable friend
from Tennessee—although I am satisfied it could
not have been in any ill-spirit—characterizing the
action of that officer as whimsical. I venture to
say that he who knows that officer well will never
make such a charge against him seriously and
deliberately.
My honorable friend from Tennessee, in a sub-
sequent portion of his a/gumenf, said he was
satisfied that this functionary must be moved by
a desire to keep up consistency in his position.
Let me remind the Senator that he himself is not
very consistent in discussing both branches of
this subject. Such language*! dislike to hear ap-
plied to an officer who, I am satisfied, attempts
nothing but the discharge of a public duty, thrown
upon him without any agency on his part. He
who knows that officer knows that he is among
the lastto indulge in whim, or to persist in wrong
merely for the sake of consistency. But, sir, we
have asked him, as a coordinate branch of the
