610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 6,
on principles not embraced within the jurisdic-
tion of this court.
I certainly can hare no personal objection to
relieving this Committee on Claims entirely from
any labor—certainly not; "but I wish gentlemen
to understand precisely the principles on which
this bill originated. The Court of Claims has a
limited jurisdiction. If gentlemen will just reflect
for a few moments, they will remember that there
is no limit to the jurisdiction or power of this Con-
gress except by the Constitution of the United
States. Why, sir, the right of petition is not
only sacred, but a man has a perfect and undis-
puted right to come before this body at any time,
and ask Congress to appropriate any amount of
money j without rhyme or reason; and if Congress
be of opinion that the case is a meritorious one,
they can exercise jurisdiction, dispense with the
rules of law and equity, and grant the appropri-
ation. Now there is not a gentleman on this floor
who entertains the idea that that court could do
such a thing as that. It never was thought of to
give them such jurisdiction. The great design of
the bill organizing it was to have furnished to
the House and to the Committee on Claims the
outlines of the case, the legal rules and the facts.
And then arises another jurisdiction. And I say
to the gentlemen who have spoken on the other
•side that, after alittle experience, they will find (I
speak advisedly on this subject) that that court
will report to this House bills in which they will
declarc to you that they have no jurisdiction, and
will yet recommend them to the equity of this
body. There are cases, I repeat, which that
court, having a circumscribed jurisdiction, acting
under general rules and laws—laying down these
laws, and living up to their provisions—cannot
reach either by general rules of law or equity;
and it will recommend them to the superior and
unlimited equity of Congress, stating distinctly
in its reports that it cannot embrace the case
either by the rules of law or of equity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the only object that I have
in view is to have the subject freely discussed
and understood. If it be the will of the House
to send the reports of the Court of Claims to the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar I have no objection; bat I feel, Mr.
Speaker, that 1 owe it to myself, having been a
member of that committee, and having taken an
active part in tho passage of the bill, to say, with-
out any hesitation, (hat, if I had not, on that oc-
casion, assured the committee that it was not in-
tended to take the matter out of their jurisdiction,
I would never have got the sanction of that com-
mittee to it, and would never have been author-
ized to report it. 1 owe it to the committee and
I owe it to myself to state here this fact. Besides,
I do not believe that it would facilitate business
to have matter come into the House without in-
vestigation by the committee. If so, who is to
answer for it. No doubt some gentleman having
the claimant among his constituents may rise in
his place and give information about it. He may
be perfectly familiar with it, because he will have
dedicated clays or nights to its examination. He
may getup in the Committee of the Whole, and be
able to explain the whole case; but he will not
stand in the House in the relation of a responsible
committee.
And now let me ask the gentleman from South
Carolina, on whom is any gentleman, not having
had time to devote to the investigation of the ease,
to call for information ? Hecannot call upon tho
Committee on Claims, if the subject be not re-
ferred to it, but to the Committee of the Whole
House. If it be a subject relating to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or if it be a matter
relating to any other committee, he would be in-
clined to call upon the gentlemen of that commit-
tee for information. He would say, " I have not
had time to investigate this matter; it has had the
approval of your judgment. I want to ascertain
certain facts, and'I cannot ascertain them by my-
self."
I want to state that these arc the grounds and
principles on which that court was organized. It
was to bring within the purview of this House the
very bases and principles on which it should act.
It was to give us that kind of information which
requires the indorsement of a committee. This
House, for instance, may be of opinion that a
c&rtain matter is highly expedient, and the court
may report bills on the subject which would save
millions of dollars. There are cases—hundreds
of them, over which the Court of Claims has no
jurisdiction, but which fall strictly and entirely
within the purview of the Constitution; and it is
on that account that I think the reports should be
referred to the Committee on Claims. I repeat,
however, that, so far as that committee is con-
cerned, they have no objection to your relieving
them from labor.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to be informed if
the object of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is, first, to clothe the Court of Claims with the
power of adjudicating on these cases, and then
clothe one of the committees with the power of
annulling the judgment rendered by the Court of
Claims ? Is that the object ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir. In the first place, it
was never thought of on this lloor to give the
court power to adjudicate finally; and in the next
place, it is not now proposed to give your com-
mittee power to annul the judgment of the court;
not at all. The committee must report one way
or the other; must report the facts with their
opinion: and let Congress take its course.
Mr. ORR. I would like to answer the inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones.]
fie says, if these claims are to be referred imme-
diately to a Committee of the Whole House, to
whom are you to .apply for information in regard
to them ? Why, sir, I would apply to the report
that accompanies the bill from the Court of
Claims, which contains the facts upon which the
judgment of the court is made up, and full inform-
ation in reference to any item embraced in the
bill.
Another point which the gentleman made in
reference to the difficulties which have heretofore
existed in the investigations made by the standing
committees of the House was, that they were
obliged to reply upon ex parte testimony. Well,
sir, will not the same difficulty occur again if the
policy recommended by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be adopted, and these reports are
referred to the various committees of the House?
Will they not again be compelled to hear testi-
mony, and in cases where tho application has
been rejected by the court, will not they be over-
whelmed by the applications of the parties con-
cerned to introduce cx parte testimony?
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I insist upon carrying out the rule laid down by
the Speaker the other day, that when a gentleman
yielded tho floor to another gentleman he yielded
it altogether.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had no right to transfer the floor to the
gentleman from South Carolina, except by the
general consent of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the Chair if the hour has not arrived which
was assigned for the consideration of the report
from the Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. The House fixed the time
at which to consider the matter in reference to
the Kansas contested election atone o'clock to-
day. That hour has arrived, but tho gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jonk^] has the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. How did the gentleman from
Pennsylvania get the floor > I thought he had, by
yielding, transferred his right to it.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I have never,
to my knowledge,transferred the floor to any one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain. The
floor was assigned to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania upon the question of the refe] ence of the
report received from the Court of Claims. The
gentleman from South Carolina, however, asked
leave to answer a question which had been pro-
pounded, and the floor was yielded to him by the
general consent of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. Was the question submitted
to the House, whether there was general consent?
The SPEAKER. No objection was made.
Mr. ORR. Upon this question of order I beg
leave to say, that the rules of the House, 1 believe,
allow one gentleman to interrupt another in the
course of his remarks, for the purpose of expla-
nation. The practice has invariably been to allow
interruptions for the purpose of explanation. It
was for explanation that I rose, and I did not sup-
pose I interfered by it in any way with the gentle-
; man's right to the lloor.
Mr. JONES. I have transferred tho floor to
no one.
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman who haa
once spoken upon the question pending asks to
interrupt another upon the floor, the Chair thinks
the member occupying the floor has the right to
yield for explanation; but if he yields for the
purpose of giving an opportunity for making
general remarks, he does it at his own risk of
losing the floor altogether.
Mr. BOYCE. The hour assigned for the con-
sideration of the Kansas contested-election case
having arrived, ia not that the business before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The hour has arrived, but
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES. Jf I yield the floor now, shall I
be entitled to it again when the subject comes up
hereafter ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields to
the gentleman from South Carolina, he loses his
privilege at the present time.
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise to a question of order.
When the discussion of the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections was postponed to to-day, the
gentleman from South Carolina was entitled to the
floor. I hold, therefore, that the hour having
arrived to which that subject was postponed, it ia
the business legitimately before the House, no
matter what may intervene. The gentleman from
South Carolina is entitled to the floor; and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be entitled to
the floor upon the question of referring the report
from the Court of Claims, whenever that subject
comes again before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Georgia is correct. The gentleman
from South Carolina has the right to call for the
regular order of business, which is the consider-
ation of the report of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. JONES. Do I understand that I am enti-
tled to the floor when this matter comes up again?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be en-
titled to the floor.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 move that the
two bills that were reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union last
evening, may be taken up and passed.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. BOYCE. I will with great pleasure, if I
do not thereby lose my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not lose
his right.
The bill of the House making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending 30th June, 1857, was then taken up
for consideration, the pending question being on
the motion to recommit to the Committee of the
Whole on tho state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, and move the previous question on
the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and being put,
the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on flic table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PURYEAIl stated that his colleague [Mr.
Rkade] had paired off until the 15th instant with
Mr. Tampan.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
The bill of the House making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending 30th June,
1857, was next taken up for consideration;and the
amendment reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was concurred
in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
