1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183T
Government, as an agent of this body and the
other House, to say whether this grant would af-
fect the public interest ornot. What does lie do?
Does he give you an abstract opinion of his own,
or dors he act the part of a watchful sentinel guard-
ing the public interest? He tells you that it is
literally a question between breaking up the in-
stitution there, or insisting on the requisition to be
performed as he desires it. He understands
the matter better than I do; and when I asked
for the reading of his letter, it was simply because
it came from a source entitled to credit, and would
make its impression on Senators here.
The Senator from Missouri has said that, if
this wall is to be erected, it must be one hundred
feet high. If that be the fact, it only goes to
show that the erection of a plank fence for the
purpose is utterly impracticable. I understood
the Honorable Senator to say that the wall must
be one hundred feet high.
Mr. GEYER. No, sir. What t said was this,
that if it was to obstruct the view from the hill it
piust be that height. The hill away back look-
ing down on tho barracks is some sixty feet, I
think, above the line of the road.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I never was there, and
of course only speak on the knowledge derived
from the communication of the Secretary of War,
and what I hear from my friend from Missouri.
We all know that officer isa reasonable man; hut
to require a wall to be constructed one hundred
feet high of stones or planks would be absurd,
because the ascent was so great as that it would
be beyond reach either of the arsenal or any other
work located there. He desires to protect this
post, nnd to make it permanent, for it is certainly
better located for the purposes for which it is
designed than any other place 111 the Mississippi
valley. It is a point from which military sup-
plies and all articles connected with the defense
of the country on the Mississippi, above and
below, are to be drawn. If you examine the
map you will find that you can get no other point
in that region so accessible and so eligible for the
deposit of arms. Look at the vast amount already
in store there; look at the vast public interests to
be affected if the. consequences predicted by the
Secretary should ensue.
The Senator from Missouri tells you that, in
order to accommodate the peculiar views of the
Secretary of War, this road took a different
direction, and paid for the destruction of a mill,
perhaps $15,000. Did they pay a dollar for the
privilege of going through the public grounds?
In all the donations which wc make for railroads,
we go on the hypothesis that wo improve the
lands of the Government by giving to these com-
panies the right of way; but are the lands of the
Government improved here? Not one dollar is
asked on the part of the Government, from this
company, for the privilege of running through
these grounds; but all that we desire in return
for this privilege is that proper protection shall
be given to the public property and public inter-
ests there. Suppose that the road went through
individual property, I venture to predict that a
larger amount than $15,000, the cost of this mill,
would have been required by property holders
through whose land it passed. But, sir, we have
asked nothing—not a dollar. All we desire is
the protection of the property there, belonging
to the public, by the construction of a wall; and
i have never understood that it was to extend
three miles. I may be mistaken in that. I ask
is the wall to be three miles in length?
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I understood that it
would be required only for about three fifths of a
mile. Such was my impression; but I maybe
wrong. I am sure that no reasonable and liberal
officers—such as I know the Secretary of War to
be—would ever require a stone wall to be con-
structed where the public interest did not demand
it. I have never understood that to be the posi-
tion of the Secretary of War. I confess I ha\e
not had time to wade through all the papers; and
1 am not speaking accurately, bccause 1 am not
fully informed on the subject.
The Government has allowed this company to
have the right of way sixty feet in width directly
through the public property, and -has not asked
a dollar in consideration of that grant. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee has spoken of the consist-
ency of the Secretary of War. Why, sir,if you
examine the correspondence on this subject, you
will find that the directors of the road accepted
the terms proposed by the Secretary of War.
The letter of the president of the company ex-
pressly informed him so; but trusted that in the
future he would release some of the requirements.
Have they adhered to them ? No, sir.
The Senator from Tennessee says that in his
country railroads run where they please. I fear
that is to be the established doctrine in this land.
We have had an illustration of it much nearer
than St. Louis. The last Congress passed an act
forbidding the construction of a railroad crossing
Pennsylvania avenue in Washingtoncity; and yet
it has been constructed in defiance of law; and
now we are asked to allow it to run through the
public grounds at the capital of the Union. Rail-
road corporations generally have power, and they
use it to subserve their interests.
As I have said, this company did not adhere
to their agreement to stand by the requirements
of the Secretary of War. When they accepted
his terms, I supposed the matter was settled;
but now we are asked to relax them. Docs any
man believe that, if a plank fence be once erected
through tho arsenal grounds near St. Louis, you
will ever have a stone wall there? No, sir; the
command of the President of the United States
will not be sufficient to do it. The same power
which adopts the plank road will ultimately re-
lease them from the construction of a stone wall.
These arc my views on the subject. It is one
in regard to which 1 have no feeling; but I really
think that, when the privilege has been extended
to this company of running their road through
the public grounds without the Government re-
quiring them to pay a cent, it is hut reasonable
and just that they should comply with the requi-
sitions of the public officer who is charged with
this subject, and who can have no other desire
than to perform his duty faithfully and consci-
entiously to the Government, at the same time
that he respects the rights of individuals.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not rise to
make any remarks, but merely to correct my
friend from Alabama on one point as to the length
of the wall.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I said that I was not
accurately informed about it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The condition
of the Secretary of War is in the following
words:
The railroad company to be required to place a stone
wall, of such height as the commanding ofheermay dom-
inate, between the road and the grounds occupied for mili-
taiy purposes."
That will make it three miles.
Mr. FITZPATRICK I do not think it ia so
long as that.
Mr. WELLER. I might be disposed to con-
tinue the discussion, if it were not for the fact
that I discover that it is utterly unable to obtain
the attention of Senators to-day. I take it for
granted they have either formed their judgment
on this question, or their minds are so much
occupied with other mutters as to prevent them
from giving attention to this. I am sure all that
the opponents of this bill desire is, that the facts
shall be understood by the Senate; that this is an
effort on the part of this company to escape from
the conditions which were prescribed by the
Secretary of War, under the act of 1853. We
felt that it was our duty as members of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, representing so far as
we can the military interests of this Government,
to protest against the destruction of public prop-
erty which has been set apart for public uses. I
regret very much that my friend from Tennessee
saw proper to insinuate that the Secretary of War i
had exhibited an undue amount of interest in this ;
question. He bases this insinuation simply on a ,
letter which was written by Colonel Craig, of the |
Ordnance Department, after the committee had j
reported the bill to the Senate. !
The fact has already been disclosed that the !
members of the Military Committee are divided j
on this question; three are in favor of the bill and [
three against it. It was originally reported to '
the Senate from the committee when there were |
but four members in attendance. The letter
which was afterwards sent to the Committee on
Military Affairs was sent at my own request. 1 de-
sired to obtain information from the Department
in order to justify me m the opposition to which
my mind had irresistibly come when the bill .was
first presented for consideration. I requested
the War Department to put me in possession of
the facts; and it was in compliance with this re- <
quest that the Secretary of "War wrote the letter .
which the Senator now supposes exhibits an ,
undue amount of interest in this question. The
Secretary of War has no other interest, I am
satisfied, than that which every public officer
should feel in a question of this character. He
needs no vindication at my hands. His ability,
his efficiency, his patriotism, stand here undoubted
and unquestioned. In the discharge of his duties
as the head of the War Department, he has felt
it obligatory on him to interpose objections to
the desecration of these grounds for private pur-
poses.
Now, what does the Senator from Tennessee
say ? He says all over this country it is the cus-
tom of railroads to take private property upon
their making a fair and just compensation. Here
is a case where you propose to take public prop-
erty for private uses. The Government of the
United States can in no degree be^rcnefited, as
an individual would be, by the con^Rtction of a
railroad through these grounds; but it is a naked
proposition to take the public property which is
required indispensably for the purposes of the
Government, and to apply it to the use of this
private company.
I think wo went far enough, when, by the law
of 1853, we gave to this company the right of
way through these public grounds. The condi-
; tions upon which they were to pass through the
grounds were prescribed by the Secretary of War;
and no one can suppose that he would impose
any other restrictions than those which, in his
judgment, the public interest clearly demanded,
lie did impose restrictions, and as I said to the
Senate yesterday, they were acccded to by the
company; but now, at this late day, they come
here and ask to be relieved from them.
As I said before, it ia useless to discuss this
subject, bccausc the Senate have cither decided it
in their own minds, or are indisposed to listen to
its discussion. I have felt it to be my duty to say
thus much in order that the Senate may vote
understanding^ on this question. If they are
willing to take away this property to allow these
men to run their road through the grounds on
any other conditions than those which the head
of the War Department has prescribed, let them
vote for this bill. I shall move an amendment,
however, which will require the company to con-
struct a stone wall along that portion of the line
be! ween tho road and the magazine.
i My friend from Texas tells you that a spark
cannot fly six hundred and fifty feet, and that
it is six hundred and fifty feet from where the
lgpomotive is to run to the magazine. Now,
everybody knows that, when you are hauling
powder backwards and forwards into a maga-
zine, there is occasionally more or less ofitspilled,
and I apprehend some of itmight be spilled within
that six hundred and fifty yards of which tho
Senator speaks. But here is the security, says
the Senator: if the Government sustains any loss,
the company will be liable ! You have $[,250,000
worth of property there; and if, by a spark from
the locomotive, your magazine should be blown
up and all these buildings destroyed, bring your
action of damages against the company, says the
gentleman from Tennessee ! Does he consider
that responsibility?
But there is a provision in the bill, he tells us,
that, if the President of the United States shall
hereafter become satisfied that it is necessary to
construct a stone wall in lieu of the wood fence,
then he shall have the power to require it.
When? After he has found its necessity by the
: blowing up of the magazine and the destruction
of all the public improvements ! Then he is to
j require the stone wall to be built! I want the
i stone wall put up now.
j Mr. JOHNSON. As a member of the Com-
| mitteo on Military Affairs I have looked into this
! question sincerely and candidly. I am not the-
| advocate of the views of any department of the
j Government in regard to it. 1 am m direct oppo-
: sition to the views of the War Department; I
; consider them unreasonable and unsound; they
i have been so acknowledged by the Department
| itself, as the records and proofs m the handwriting-
. of its officers show.
