2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
August 16,,
tion; which -was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed" to:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Senate be directed to
present to the Secretary of State the act entitled "An act
for the lmpiovement of the navigation of th-; Patapsco river,
and to render the port of Baltimore accessible to the war
steamers of tfie United States, "together with the certificates
of the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk Of the House of
Representatives, showing that the said act was passed by a
vote of two thirds of both Houses of Congress,- after the ob-
jections of the President thereto had been received, and
after the reconsideration of said act by both Houses of Con-
gress, jn accordance with the Constitution.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate, with amendments:
A bill (S. No. 222) for the relief of Abraham
Kintzing; and
A bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of Hannibal
Faulk and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow
Scriber,) and the heirs and legal representatives
of Benjamin Scriber, deceased.
Also, that they had passed the following; bills
and joint resolution of the Senate, without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 120) granting a pension to Ben-
jamin Berry, n soldier of the Revolution;
A bill (S. No. 136) for the benefit of Isaac
Cook, and others;
A bill (S. No. 169) for the relief of Josiah S.
Little;
A bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Rebecca
Haisey, widow of Zephanitih Ilalsuy, an officer
of the Revolution;
A bill (S. No. 182) for the relief of John
Tucker;
A bill (S. No. 209) restoring Joshua Mercer to
the roll of invalid pensioners;
A bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of F. A. Cun-
ningham, a paymaster in the United States
Army.
A bill (8. No. 245) for the relief of Franck
Taylor; i
A bill (S. No. 256) for the relief of Nancy
Bowei) and Sarah Larrabee;
A lull (S. No. 980) for the relief of Anthony
Rankin, of Tennessee;
A bill (S. No. 285) granting a revolutionary
pension lo Sarah Blount;
A bill (S. No. 2SG) granting five years' half-
pay Id Mrs. Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Tur-
ner, deceased;
A bill (H. No. 287)granting a pension to Nancy
M.Gutisally, widow of Lyman JM. Richmond,
deceased;
A bill (S. No. 28!)) for the relief of tho lieirs
of Jabfz 11. Hooker, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the
steamer Major Tompkins;
A bill (S. No. 23!)) supplemental to an act en-
titled " An act to amend the several acts respect-
ing copyrights," approved February 3, 1831;
A bill (S. No. 2G-4) to amend an act entitled
" An aet requiring foreign regulations of com-
merce to he laid annually before Congress, ap-
proved August 16,1854,"and for other purposes;
A bill (>■>. No. 845) for the relief of Nathan M.
Lounsbury;
A bill (S. No. 309) for the relief of brevet Brig-
adier General John 1>. "VValbach, of the United
States Aimy;
A resolution (S. No. 34) for the relief of Charles
M. Strader and Edward P. Johnson, mail con-
tractors;
A bill (S. No. 339) to authorize protection to
be given to citizens of the United States who may
discover deposits of guano; and
A resolution (S. No. 24) for the benefit of
Susan Decatur, widow of Stephen Decatur, late
of the United States Navy.
SUPPLEMENTARY" ARMY BILL.
Mr. SL1DELL. I do not think there is any
very pressing business before the Senate now,
and 1 hope we shall proceed to the consideration
of private bills from the House of Representa-
tives. There are some seventy or eighty of them
which have been reported from committees, and
I hope the Senate will now proceed to their con-
sideration.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
question before the Senate—the supplementary
Army bill. 11 }
Mr. WELLER. I hope we shall go on with
that.
' The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
427) making additional appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1857.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
amendment is, in the eighth section, to strike out
all after the word " law," to the end of the sec-
tion—to strike out the provision for the compen-
sation of military storekeepers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on striking out the section, as amended.
Mr. STUART. I think that question is super-
seded by the action of the Senate. The Senate
has refused to strike out the first part of the sec-
tion down to the word " law," and has stricken
out the remainder. That disposes of the recom-
mendation of tho Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The section
has been amended by perfecting it, and the ques-
tion now is on striking it out, as amended.
Mr. STUART. If the Chair will hear me a
moment, 1 think he will not take that view.
While the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] was
in the chair, the question was about to be taken
on striking out the whole section. The Senator
from California asked that it might be divided,
so as to take the question on first striking out
that part of tho section down to the word "law,"
and the Senate refused to strike that out. Now
the question has been taken as to striking out the
remainder of the section, and that has been done.
That disposes of the whole section, as tho Chair
will see, so that now there is no other question
on that section.
Mr. PEARCE. When this section was under
consideration before, the Senator from California
moved to divide the question, so that we should
first take it on that part of the section which
provides for five additional military storekeepers.
The Committee on Finance had recommended
the striking out of the whole section. 1 assented
to his motion, and sustained him in it, so that
we have provided that there shall be five addi-
tional military storekeepers. The rest of the
clause provides for assigning them new salaries
according to a new scale, not according, as 1
understand, to existing law. When I was inter-
rupted, I was entitled to the floor, and I was in
the midst of certain remarks, showing why the
Senate should not adopt the rest of the section.
I was about to rise when the Chair, without my
perceiving it, announced the question, and I
really do not know how it was decided.
Mr. STUART. The Senate has refused, in the
first place, to strike out that portion before the
word "law," which retains that part of tho
section providing for the additional storekeepers;
but has stricken out the residue of the section,
so that there is no question left.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I have nothing more to
say; I am satisfied with that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment of the committee is to strike out sec-
tion nine; which is in the following words:
Sue. 9. Jlud be it fv.tth.tr enactcd, That the pay of the
master aimorers, at the national armories, shall be $1,500
per annum ; that of llio puncip tl clerk at each of the na-
tional armories $1,0(10 per annum; and that of the other
clerks and of the inspectors at said aimories, $900 per
annum.
Mr. WELLER. The Secretary of War rec-
ommended simply an increase of the compensa-
tion of tlu; principal clerks at each of the national
armories. He addressed a communication to the
i committee, in which he recommended that alone.
| Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
\ proposed to strike out this section, because they
I saw no good reason for the increase of these sal-
j aries. Indeed, they thought that as Springfield
I and Harper's Ferry are both places where living
I is cheap, there is no particular reason for an
increase of these salaries which, heretofore, have
been sufficient for securing competent clerks.
There was an additional reason—that, as this is
the last of the session, and the very close of the
last day, it did not seem to be a proper time for
the increase of salaries. There is a continual
demand for an increase every session; we thought
it well to put a stop to it.
The amendment was agreed t-o.
The next amendment waa to strike out section
ten, in the following words-:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, authorized to examine and settle, upon
terms of 'equity and justice, all claims against the United
States for supplies furnished the California battalion, (com-
manded by Colonel J. C. Fremont,) in 1846, for the pay-
ment of which no provision has been made by law, and
which are not embraced in the claims submitted to, and
adjudicated by, the board of Army officers appointed by
authority of the sixth section of the aet approved August
31,1852. and abolished by the second section of the act of
March 3,1855; and the amount necessary to pay the claims
so adjudicated shall be paid out ofany money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WELLER. I think this section was in-
serted in the bill by mistake. These persons
who make claims for supplies furnished that
battalion, are now prosecuting their claims in
the Court of Claims, and this section ought not to
have been inserted. I know not how it got here.
It was by inadvertence, I suppose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
twelve, which is:
Sec. 12. Ami be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the acts of September 28, 1850, and August 31, J 852,
granting extra pay to officers and enlisted men of the Army
serving in Oregon and California, from September 28,1850,
to March 1,1853, be, in like manner, extended to the offi-
cers and men of the volunteers who also served in Oregon
and California during the same period of time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
thirteen, which is:
Sec. 13. Jhid hr.it/7irthf.renacted, That for the construc-
tion of barracks and quarters at a military post to be estab-
lished in the northern part of Minnesota Terntory, for the
protection of the settlements on the Red river of the noith,
$•50,000 be appropriated, m addition to the sum of $5,000
appropriated by the aet entitled '' An act for the erection of
a military post on or near tin; Pembma river, in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, and for other purposes,'' approved the
17th of February, 1855; said post to be located and "on-
strueted under the direction oi the Recrclaiy of War; the
location to be at such point as he shall deem beat adapted
for the protection of said settlement; and so much of the
aforesaid aet, approved February 17,1S55, as indicates the
location of said post, is hereby repealed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that will not be
stricken out. Congress has heretofore ordered
a fort to be erccted there, and it is really neces-
sary. It is a territorial appropriation, and is
only $50,000. This fort is on the Red river of
the North, and is necessary to protect the people
against the British settlement there, and to keep
the Indians in check.
Mr. PEARCE. Congress heretofore appro-
priated $5,000 for the erection of what is called a
fort in tins high northern part of our possessions,
which sum they supposed would be enough to
afford the means of protecting the settlers there
from Indian incursions, if indeed there be any
likelihood of them. As to attacks from the
British settlements on the Red river, I do not sup-
pose there is the slightest apprehension of them.
I take it that they are not going to war on their
own hook, disregard the laws of their country, and
attack our settlers south of 490. But, sir, $500,000
is proposed to beappropiated in this section. It
is entirely too much for any fort that is neces-
sary to be there. The population going there
can defend themselves quite as well as the old
settlers of Kentucky, and are not exposed to
hardships and perils to be compared to those
which were met, and overcome, and endured by
the settlers of Kentucky, and many other States
in the western part of the Union. Fifty thousand
dollars is altogether too much. If we build a fort
of any consequence, such as $50,000 will do, it will
be useless when population advances. A little
stockade affair that would keep off the Indians
who may make an incursion will be sufficient,
and $5,000 is ample for that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The suggestion I made in
regard to the British settlement had this refer-
ence; it is the settlement of Lord Selkirk. It is
composed of half breeds, who have great control
over the Indians, and they have a tendency, being
immediately on the line, to keep the Indians in
rather an irritated state of mina. The location
of the fort is four hundred miles from the_ settle-
ments of Minnesota. It is on the Red river,^at
Pembina, four or five hundred miles from St.
Paul. Five, thousand dollars would not even
make a stockade that would be effective. If the
M committee think $50,000ftoo much, I should be
i: willing to have it reduced, hui certainly to
