612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
compensation for extinguishing the fire on board
the steamer Raritan.
• Mr, JONES. I insist on my motion to adjourn.
" "The SPEAKER. The gentleman from JNorth
Carolina [Mr. Paine] can accomplish his object
under the rule of the House.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. KEITT. I move that when the House
adjourns,- it adjourn to meet again on Monday-
next.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
- The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 43, nays 71; as fol-
lows:
YP.AS— Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Boyee, Broom, Burnett,
Garottes, Craige, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Evans,
Florence, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hail, Sampson
YV. Harris, Haven, Houston, George W. Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McQueen, Norton, Mordeeai Oliver, On*, Paine,
Ptielps, Porter, Pringle, Quitman, Ruffin, Sage, Sneed,
Stephens, Strauahan, Tyson, Underwood, EllihuB. Wash-
burae, and Wheeler—43.
. NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Benson, Billing-
hurst, Bingham, Bradsbaw, Branch, Buffinton,Cad\valader,
James H. Campbell, Lewis 1>. Campbell, Caskie, Ezra
Clark, Glawson, Covodc, Crawford, Damrell, Timothy
Bavis, Day, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, ISdmundson, Edwards,
Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Thomas'R. Horton, ValentmeB. Horton, Howard, Relsey,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Humphrey Mar-
shall, MiHson, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muuay, Packcr,
Parker, Peck, Pennington, Perry, Purviance, Roberts,
Sabin, Sandidge, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Tlior-
ington, Todd, Trafton, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldion,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkuis,
Williams, Woodruff, and Woodworth—71.
So the House refused to adjourn over until
Monday.
And then, on motion by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, (at three o'clock and forty-five minutes,)
the House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 7, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniei, Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
DEFENSE OF THE DELAWARE.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented tp the House a resolution of the State Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania, requesting their Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress to urge
appropriations to complete the works of defense
on the Delaware; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
ACTION OF THE NAVAL BOARD.
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the resolutions of the General Assembly
of the State of Virginia, in regard to the action
of the late naval board appointed " to promote
the efficiency of the Navy, under the act of the
late Congress.
The same having been road,
Mr. MILLSON said: As the House has been
kind enough to allow the introduction of this res-
olution by unanimous consent, I will not, in sub-
mitting a motion to refer and print, avail myself
of the right to express my concurrence in the
resolutions.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman does, I shall
want to be heard in answer.
Mr. MILLSON. As I have not been absent
from the city for a day since the commencement of
the session, and am desirous of returning home,
I shall seek an early opportunity, perhaps on
Monday of next week, to speak upon the general
subject of those resolutions, I now move that
they bo referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the regular order
of business.
t Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask the consent of the
House to present resolutions of the State ofMassa-
chusetts, m reference to Kansas and the Missouri
compromise.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. MAXWELL. I have in my hand several
resolutions of the Legislature of Florida, which I
desire to present and have referred to the appro-
priate committees. I do not care to have them
read.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire that a joint resolu-
tion be taken from the Speaker's table, to which,
when read, I am sure no member of the House
will object. It is a Senate resolution, providing
for the final adjustment of certain cases of appeal
from decisions made by the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I object.
Mr. TYSON. I hold in my hand resolutions
unanimously adopted by the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, last January, referring to Dr. Kane's
expedition to the Arctic regions. I ask the con-
sent of the House to present them.
Mr. MAXWELL. I have already made an
effort to introduce resolutions of the Legislature
of Florida, and the introduction was objected to
by a gentleman from Pennsylvania. I think it
strange that similar resolutions should be allowed
to be presented, and that others should be ob-
jected to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman is mistaken. No gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objected tt> the presentation of his reso-
lution.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I objected.
Mr. MAXWELL. I do not object to the re-
ception of these resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
My reason for submitting the motion is this: I
have been confined every morning this week by
labor upon committees, and have had no time to
attend to the business of my constituents at the
Departments. I am ready at all times to work
hard, but I want time to attend to the duties
which I have mentioned. Most of the members
are, undoubtedly, situated just as I am. There-
fore, I submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution to print
one thousand extra copies of the report of the
superintendent ofthc Government hospital for the
insane, for his use, reported the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That live hundred extra copies of the said
report be printed, and placcd at the disposal ofthc said su-
perintendent.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ceived only by general consent, inasmuch as a
privileged question is now pending.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the regular .order
of business.
THE KANSAS ELECTION",
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
following resolution, reported by the Committee
of Elections:
Rewired, That the Committee of Elections in the con-
tested-election ea^e from the Teirifory ot Kansas, be, ami
are )ttju:by" omprnveu'd to send for prr.-on.-> and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affnmation.
Pending the question on agreeing to that res-
olution, is the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] that the resolution
be recommitted to the Committee of Elections,
with instructions. On that question the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Oliver] has the floor.
Mr. OLIVER then addressed the House for
one hour. His speech, which is withheld by
him lor revision, will be published is the Appen-
dix.
Ho was followed by Messrs. CUMBACK and
CULLEN, who have also withheld then-remarks.
They will appear m the Appendix.
Mr. WALKER. It is not my purpose, sir,
to enter into anything like an elaborate discussion
of this question. The brief remarks I propose
to address to the House will follow very much
in the line of argument which we have just lis-
tened to from the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Cullen.] I shall endeavor especially to avoid
even an allusion to those more exciting topics
ularpr
V
which thus far have chiefly engaged the attention
of gentlemen who have entered upon this discus-
sion. Like my friend from Delaware, I am in-
clined to view the case purely, and entirely in its
legal aspects, to show, if I can, wherein lies the
power of this House over this question, and what
are the limitation and extent of that power. But
1 feci it due to the gentleman from Delaware to
say now, that much of the labor I had thought
proper to devolve upon myself in this debate has
been saved me by the clear, logical, and, in my
judgment, unanswerable argument with which
he has favored this House—an argument evincing,
from beginning to end, that sharpness of intellect
which is acquired only by the thoroughly trained
lawyer, one fundamentally grounded in the ruling
principles of law, enabling him to see wherein is
the real point in every question presented for con-
sideration. I have little to add to that argument.
My province will be to back him up in the points
he has made, and in doing that X know I cannot
promise this House to enhst its attention by the
same clearness and force with which he pre-
sented those points.
He has so fully anticipated me, that I can
promise to do but little more than repeat the ar-
guments he has presented. By obtaining the floor
from me, and in considering this question solely
in its legal bearing, he has taken " the wind out
of my sails," and I must be content to follow in
his wake.
In the first place, then, I propose to address
myself to the inquiry as to what is the character
of this contest between Governor Reeder,and Mr.
Whitfield, the sitting Delegate upon this floor.
Are they, in any logical, technical sense of the
term, contestants for the right to this seat ? What
is the legal meaning of the term " contest?"
Why, sir, necessarily it implies a controversy in
which there is a subject-mattcrof conflict, and in
which there are respective claimants to the right.
Now, sir, we all know that, in every case of a
contested election, there must necessarily be a
person setting up at least a claim of right to the
seat held by the one who has obtained the prima
facie evidence of a right to hold the seat. Well,
if that be the case, I take it that no gentleman who
hascarcfully examined the papers which form the
record of the case we are now considering, will
rise from his seat upon this floor, and contend
that Governor Reedcr here presents himself in
the attitude of a contestant for the seat occupied
by General Whitfield.
What is the paper he has served upon General
Whitfield in the shnpe of a notice ? What is the
character of the paper which he has addressed to
this House as a'memorial? There is not, sir, a
single line or word in either one of those papers
amounting to an assertion of a right vested in him-
self, and set up by him as against the prima facie
title of the sitting Delegate, Mr. Whitfield. His
notice is but a complaint, consisting of allegations
against the legality of the election proceedings
by which Mr. Whitfield obtained his seat in this
House. Did any lawyer ever hear of a court for
inquiring into a case of contested election, hear-
ing and examining testimony, and pronouncing
its final adjudication, unless there was first a
formal contestation presented by someone asserting
his own right, denyingthe right of the then incum-
bent5 I care not whether the proceeding be by the
eld writ of quo warranto, or under a more summary
process. The very basis of the whole proceeding
consists in the assertion of a right by a person
denying the right of the incumbent. I take it that
no lawyer upon this floor will gainsay this posi-
tion. This being the case, it follows, as a matter
of course, that inasmuch as GovernorReeder does
not present himself before us in that attitude, there
is in fact no contestation as to the seat.
I pass on to another point, as to the validity
of the laws enacted by the Legislature of Kansas,
and the power of this House to enter into an in-
quiry as to their validity. The act organizing a
territorial government for Kansas forms, in fact,
the constitution of that Territory, and it differs
only from the constitutions of the States in this—
that in the one there is a grant of power; m the
other there are restrictions of power primarily
possessed. I take it this is a sound position.
Then, starting out upon the hypothesis that
the act organizing the territorial government of
Kansas is the organic or constitutional law of
that Territory, let us see now what are the powers
