1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
It is said that Senators will not give their atten-
tion to this subject. Gentlemen who are opposing
the bill, and advocating the departmental side of
this question, complain that Senators are not
attending to the subject. Sir, I know from my
short experience here, that whenever Senators
are not giving attention, the ex cathedra view of
a subject is that which is adopted. Against this
I am contending; I am asking that justice may-
be done. This measure lias been passed by the
House of Representatives two or three times, but
it has failed in the Senate. The House of Rep-
resentatives is slow to give away any property
or any . privilege from this Government; that
House is the branch where economy is sustained
and enforced; but it has passed this bill repeat-
edly out of regard and respect for a very high
publicinterest, but the Senate has been heretofore
made the theater where the action of the House
has been overruled. The Senate is again called
upon to reject it, because the committee is divided
in,opinion. The bill is for the benclit of a very
high and important public interest. It is to ac-
commodate j^road which is a link in a grand
chain. WiWhe Senator from Missouri tell me
the precise length of the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain road ?
Mr. GEYER. About eighty miles.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is the first step in a line
of roads from St. Louis, in Missouri, to New
Orleans, upon the west bunk of the Mississippi,
of the construction of which there is no doubt.
It is a Jink in a chain passing through my own
State. The General Government is not asked to
aid in the construction of any part of the road;
but we do ask that obstacles shall not be inter-
posed on account of what 1 may well characterize
as the little petty jealousies of the military depart-
ment. We ask that it shall not be allowed to
interpose obstacles to an enterprise of so much
importance, which is to subserve so many inter-
ests of the public at large.
Mr. President, the. great obstacle in the minds
of those Senators who support the views of the
War Department seems to be, that the magazine
will be in danger of fire from I he passage of loco-
motive#. It has already been proved lo the Senate,
that the Department has not objected to a lime-
kiln vvitlun four hundred feet of the magazine.
We know that you might burn down a house on
the top of a magazine without exploding it, be-
cause it is fire-proof. There is not a vessel of
war which goes into conflict with an enemy which
has not her magazine below her machinery, and
directly under the men. There is not a battle
which is fought on the land where the troops are
not frequently carrying forward casks anci bar-
rels of powder direeily in the midst of fire; they
are compelled to do it; and how many accidents
occur under such circumstances ? 9
What is the ohmactcrof a magazine? Is it one
of those flimsy buildings, with cracks through
which the wind may blow, and sparks penetrate?
Surely not. What is the character of the casks
of powder which will be transported from the
river to the magazine? Is there danger that the
powder will be spilt all along the way? Clearly
not. W hat danger, then, is there that a magazine
is liable to catch fire fiom the sparks of a loco-
motive running at a distance of six hundred and
fifty feet?
My honorable friend from California has e;one
into a calculation of the amount of damages which
would be sustained by the Government' if the
magazine were blown up, and he has told us that
the company would not be able to pay those dam-
ages. I trust this argument will not be sufficient
to divert the Senate from the real point. Such
an alarming contemplation of loss to this Gov-
ernment has nothing to do, in my judgment, with
the question before us. The real point is,whether
there is any danger to the magazine.
foir, I charge here (and if it is not true let it be
corrected) that the officers of the War Depart-
ment themselves assented that this road should
run there, and the locomotive should pass there
upon the condition that the company would agree
to go aiound the barracks eight miles off. If it
is a matter of such serious danger as Senators
suppose, why should this have been proposed?
Ii is an idle alarm. The Department were willing
to trade away this danger for advantages to be
had elsewhere. This foot shows that this argu-
ment had no force with the Department, for they
were not faithful public servants if they would
agree to swap off the danger of $1,000,000 worth
of property being liable to be blown up, for ad-
vantages to be derived from running the road
around the barracks eight miles off.
The whole character of this opposition is, that
this body, and the other House of Congress, the
legislative power, have interfered with the sanc-
tity and the immunity of that creation which we
find among us, called the military, and which in
every country has steadily advanced in its grasp ;
for power, and availed itself of every opportu-
nity. I protest against its being permitted to
come here, and for any little trivial interest of its
own obstruct a great work of improvement like
this. If this station were a fortification, would
any Senator consent that it should stand in the
way? It is in the very center and heart of
America, where no enemy will ever reach. It is
not a fortification. It is a play-ground for sol-
diery, a place of practice for horses of new
dragoons. Who would not give it up for one
permanent, high,glorious, and prosperous work,
m behalf of the internal commerce of the coun-
try ?
The arguments which have been made use of
. on the other side have, I think, tended to divert
the Senate from the true point. Objection is made
to Congress interfering with these grounds. Sir,
according to my reading of the Constitution,
there is nothing so sacred that the legislative
power may not touch it. Now, when it is pro-
posed to touch these grounds, it is yaid to be a
" desecration." If so, it is a boautifuland admir-
able desecration for a noble, important, and
highly necessary channel of commerce in the in-
terior of the country.
For myself 1 think that there is nothing in
the alarm which is raised as to danger to the
magazine. This, in fact, is the only argument
which is really urged against this measure; and
it is one which is entitled to no weight. It ap-
pears, that in the opinion of the Department there
is no danger of blowing up the magazine in con-
sequence of a limekiln four hundred feet distant,
but there is great danger from a locomotive run-
ning occasionally at a distance of six hundred
and fifty feet. Every gentleman who lives in a
cotton country well knows that the only protec-
tion to a gin house, containing almost as explosive
and inflammable an element as powder itself—dry
lint cotton—consists in running a sheet iron pipe
at the end of it, and a little wire netting over the
top of it. How many accidents occur from that?
We have very little fear of it. A fire scarcely
ever takes place.
This company agree that they will provide all
things which may be required, and will^ven go
to the preposterous extent of building a stone
fence if the President requires it. We know that
the Pr-sident will require it if this kind of oppo-
sition continues on the part of the Secretary of
War. I can see no objection on this score. Sir,
those of us who live beyond the Mississippi river
live in much the weakest part of the country, in
point of population and wealth. We have been
struggling against difficulties and adversities un-
known to any other portion of the Union, unless
it be the Pacific coast. We are not to be allowed
to intrude upon a beautiful play-ground, which
is set apart for officers and soldiers, because it
will interfere with their convenience ! Our great
works of communication, which are to benefit the
whole country, are to be interfered with for the
preservation of such a play-ground. I think this
is unjust. We ought to have the aid and the
sympathy of the whole country in making these
works, and petty obstructions should not be
allowed to interpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very desirable that we
should have an executive session, and I would
suggest a .postponement of the bill for that pur-
pose.
Mr. IVERSON. I have a few remarks to sub-
mit upon this bill, but if it is not proposed to
press it to a vote to-day, I shall defer them. T
have some amendments to offer to the bill, but I
shall not offer them unless it is the purpose of
the Senate to dispose of it to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 'I would willingly
agree to postpone it for a week or ten days but
for the peculiar circumstances which surround
this company. Wheu the bill passed the House
of Representatives they apprehended no difficulty
here, and commenced to lay down the iron on the
road. They have all their engines there; they
have a large amount of iron; and everything is
in readiness awaiting our action. The president
of the road has come here by express to ask
Congress to settle the question one way or the
other. If we can pass the bill at all, we pan do it
in thirty minutes. If we delay it, we may not
be able to have it acted upon for a month to come.
1 ask the honorable Senator from Georgia if he is
willing to postpone a great work like this and
keep it suspended for a month when it may as
well he passed now as at any other time. I am
not aware of any important executive business
which requires our action to-day. I would rather
that the nomination of half your officers should
be postponed for a week or a month than that this
work should be delayed.
Mr, CLAY. I think it is idle to press a vote
on this bill to-day, because it is manifest that the
yeas and nays will be called upon it, and then
there will not be a quorum in the Senate; and
hence you cannot get a decisive vote. There is
no use in pressing it. I know that there are
several Senators now in the Senate Chamber who
will not vote on it because they have paired off;
and without them there will not be a quorum. I
therefore move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
RENOVATION OF THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. FISH. The time has arrived when it is
customary to take up the carpets and do other
things which are necessary to render the Senate
Chamber comfortable for the summer. 1 there-
fore offer the following resolution:
Resolved, Timt when the Senate adjourns, it be to Mon-
day iK'\r; and that when it adjourns on Monday nc^, it be
to the Timi.-day iollowxng.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, informed
the Senate that he had approved and signed an
act (S. No. 104) for the relief of Captain Lang-
don C. Easton, Assistant Quartermaster United
States Army.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant
Clerk, announcing that they had passed, without
amendment, Senate bill making appropriations
for the payment of certain claims; and Senate
bill to change the place of holding the courts of
the United States in the district of Delaware;
and, with an amendment, Senate bill changing
the time of holding the district court of the
United States at Wytheville, in the district of
Virginia.
^ Also, House bill (No. 409) granting to certain
citizens of the State of Missouri the right to
enter lands in the Plattsbuig district in said State.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of John S. Pendleton;
An act for the nliof of Emma Bidamon;
An a^t to incorporate the St. Thomas's Literary
Society in the District of Columbia;
An act to transfer certain rights and duties
conferred on the trustees of the town of Vm-
cennes, Indiana, to the Common Council of the
city of Ymcennes;
An act for the benefit of the Hebrew Congre-
gation in the city of Washington;
An act for the relief of John Nugent;
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Louisiana, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State;
An act granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State;
An act granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the State of Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State ; and
An act making a grant of alternate sections of
the public lands to the State 'of Michigan, to aid
in the construction of ccrtain railroads m said
State, and for other purposes.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The House bill (No. 409) granting to certain
