1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
#5,000. A fort is really necessary in that posi-
tion, and I hope the Senate wi'H not strike out
the section.
Mr. HALE. Is not -this-an-old acquaintance?
fs it not the same proposition that was up once
before this session:
Mr. WELLER. It was up before.
Mr. HALE. I think, then, there are some esti-
mates which will show that the $50,000 is to be
only a beginning-.
Mr. PEARCE- -So ranch the worse.
Mr. HALE. The estimates are for a good deal
more; but the officer who asked for the $50,000
apologized for asking so little, by saying that
was all he could spend next year; but I under-
stand that if he had time he could spend consid-
erably more. I hope the Senate will not vote to
build this fort, particularly as the measure has
been up once and discussed, and the Senate by-a
decideu vote refused to make the appropriation.
Mi. DOUGLAS. The Senator from New
Hampshire discloses a sufficient answer to the
argument of the Senator from Maryland. The
Senator from Maryland said, that $5,000 was
enough, but the Senator from New Hampshire
says the officer in command of the military de-
partment—the only department upon which you
can rely in this matter—says that $50,000 is the
least amount necessary for this year.
Mr. WELLER. The only time when this
question was presented to the consideration of
the Senate, was upon the deficiency bill, and it
was ruled out upon the ground that it was not a
deficiency. I shall consent myself with asking
the Secretary to read the letter of General Jesup
and the letter of the Secretary of "War, recom-
mending this appropriation. This fort is upon
the boundary between the United States and the
British possessions. The British have a small
post some distance up the river. There are a
great many settlements already made in the neigh-
borhood, and a large amount of agricultural land.
In my judgment it will be necessary to maintain
a post therefor many years to come, until the
settlers shall be sufficiently strong to protect
themselves. I desire simply to put the Senate in
possession of the facts, and they can make what
disposition they please of the section.
The Secretary read the letters, as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
, Washington, March 8,1356.
Sir: In reply to your inquiry db to the amount required
fbr quarters, hospitals, store-house, and stables, for a force
of four companies of infantry, winch, I understand, it is
proposed to station at Pembina, on the nouhern frontier of
Minnesota, 1 have the honor to state that the expense for
the objects enumerated above will depend upon the resources
of the country proposed to be occupied. Should timber,
suitable tor buildings, be found on or near the site which
may be selected, the expense will not probably exceed
fifrv thousand dollars, if the wotk be done entirely, or
principally, by the troops; but, if it should be necessary
to hire mechanics to construct the buildings, double that
sum mav be necessary.
I would recommend that the troops be required to labor
themselves, and that no mechanics or laborers be lured,
except one or two master carpenters, -stone-masons, and
bricklayers* and such number of teamsters as may be neces-
sai v for the few wagons allowed for the use of the post. In
addition to the §5,000 <theady appiopriated, E recommend
that £50.000 be a^ked for. That sum may not-be sufficient;
but it will be as much as can be used during the approach-
ing season. ,
t remain, sir, very rerfpcettuj^^wir obedie^nt^serva-nt,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War, Washington,
District of Columbia,
War Department,
Washington, March %-i, 1850.
Sir: In reply to your note of this date, requesting in-
formation as to the probable co=t and the necessity of a mil-
itary no t nionosed to be established in the northern part of
Minnesota Tertitorv, for the protection of the settlements
on the lied river of the Noith, I have the honor to state
that 1 Ueom the establishment of such a po=>t deniable, and
refer to the mciosed report of the Quartermaster General
for an estimate ot its co*.t.
Very rc>ueetfuUv, your obedient servant,
JEFF'S DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. John B. Wei.lek, Ckanman of the Committee on
Military Jijjairs, CTnited Stoics Senate.
The question bein£ taken, on a division there
were—aves 16, noes 13; not a quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ, (ten minutes to eleven o'clock.)
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 trust not.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask whether the
Senator from Michigan (lid not himself introduce
a resolution to-day, and have it passed, which
Srohibits us doing any legislative business on
londay ?
Mi. STUART. Wo, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. YULEE. I shall vote " yea;" because,
-as a member of the Finance Committee moves
the adjournment, 1 take it for granted the public
service does not require us to sit here longer.
Mr. SLIDELL. If it is in order to make ob-
servations about the vote 
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
.resulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Butler, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Seward,
Slidell, Stuar.t, Toombs, Wacle, and Yulec—10.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Clay, Clayton, Col-
lamer, Douglas, Iturkee, Fisll, Geyer, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pratt,
Pugh, lleid, Sebastian, Thomson of New Jersey, Weller,
Wilson, and Wright—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finecnce to strike out the section.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
I am satisfied that the Senate do not understand
it.
The yeas and nays .were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to have the amend-
ment read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is to strike out a section
appropriating §30,000 for the erection of a fort
at Pembina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempm'e. The amend-
ment is to strike out the thirteenth section.
Mr. BAYARD. That amendment comes from
the Committee on Finance, I understand.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say, for the
information of gentlemen who were not in the
Chamber during the previous discussion on this
question, that the committee recommended it to
be struck out, for the reason that they did not
believe there was the least earthly necessity for
voting this money to establish a fort at the point
indicated. The War Department is going to
send four companies of men there; and if they
have timber in the neighborhood, they can build
a fort for themselves; but if there is no timber in
the neighborhood, there ought to be no fort there.
This officer reported, as was mentioned by the
Senator from New Hampshire, that for the pres-
ent he could spend about $50,000, and by and by
he will spend I do not know how much more.
The provision is entirely unnecessary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must be permitted to say
a word ill reply. It is true the Finance Commit-
tee, whose province it is not to judge of military
affairs, have recommended that the section be
.stricken out; but it is .also true that the Military
Committee, whose peculiar province it is to
attend to such matters, put it in. It is also true
that the Quartermaster's department has recom-
mended it, and the War Department has recom-
mended it. The Finance Committee undertake
to overrule all the Departments of the Govern-
ment, and every branch of the service charged
with the subject, when it is not their province to
judge of the propriety of the work.
Mr. PEARCE. It is the province of the
Finance Committee, when a measure is referred
to them, to require, at all events, some plausible
pretext for making an appropriation. We as-
sume no jurisdiction which does not belong to
us. "We are very much in the habit of deferring
to other committees when they recommend to us
appropriations within their sphere; but when an
appropriation is recommended to us by a com-
mittee, which comes without the sanction of any
i valid reason, and when we sec twenty very good
j reasons why it should not be granted, I think we
I are not bound to stultify ourselves, and submit
j our judgment to gentlemen who cannot furnish
I us any "reason. I shall not argue this subject
j any further. I say we have not usurped any
1 jurisdiction, and there is no arrogance at all m
l 'what we have done.
i Mr. BAYARD. I do not think one can vote
! far wrong m supporting any motion which re-
" strains the disposition that has been shown this
evening in the Senate to dispose of -the money
of the nation for very useless purposes.
Mr. WELLER. I simply desire to say. that
we are in the .habit of looking to the military de-
partment of the Government for the location of
posts necessary for the protection of our' people.
We must necessarily -do that. The Secretary
and the Quartermaster General, whose attention
has been especially directed to the subject, have
regarded the location of this post as iadispens- .
ably necessary to the protection of our -people.
The Military Committee of the Senate Jiavealso
recommended it. But the Finance Committee
seem to have the province of deciding on the
location of military posts, because they have the
power to say how the public money Shall .be ap-
propriated. It remains for the Senate to decide
whether they will rely on the judgment of the
military department of this "Government, or take
that of the Committee on Finance, who are pre-
sumed to know no more about this subject than
other members of theSenate. I submit the whole
question to theSenate. The rrfilitary department
•of the Government regard this as neoessary to
the defense and protection of our people; the Fi-
nance Committee say it "is not. Let the Senate
decide between tihem.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 wish to ask the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] in whose experience
and knowledge in this subject I have great confi-
dence, to be kind enough to give us his opinion.
Mr. CASS. I believe I stated on a former oc-
casion, that I have been in the neighborhood of
Pembina, and I do not believe there is the least
use in the world for a fort there.
Mr. STUART. I disagreed with the majority
of the Committee on Finance on this subject.
That is enough for that point. Then, in tfee next
place, I wish to correct a slight misapprehension
into which the Senator from Maryland seems to
have fallen, in regard to the recommendation of
the Department. The Department say s distinctly,
that $50,000 will construct this work, if it is con-
structed by the soldiers, in addition to the $5,000
already appropriated; but if it is done by private
mechanics, hired for the purpose, it will cost
double that sum. Thatis the statement in regard
to the cost.
It is not nesessary for me to detain the Senate
on this question, l agree entirely with what-has
been said by the Senator from California, that
whenever we undertake to overrule tlie opinions of
the War Department in respect to the location
and necessity of forts, our action will be found to
be confined entirely to cases that do not exist on
the Atlantic coast. Whenever there has been a
recommendation from the Department for a fort
on the Atlantic coast, the recommendation has
been regarded as a sufficient reason for an appro-
priation. As far as I know it has not been in-
vestigated any further than to know whether the
Department has recommended it. The Secretary
says this is necessary. He informs the Senate
that he has ordered four companies of troops
there. They are there with nothing to do, and
tiiere are no quarters for them. The Quarter-
master General says the fort is necessary, and
that with the soldiers he can build it for this sum
of money.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Birars, Bialor, Biodhead, Butter, Oass, Clay, Clayton, Col-
I,uner, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Poster, Hale, Houston, Mal-
lory, Mason. Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Slidell, Thomson of New
Jersey. Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright. Douglas. Geyer, Iverson. Jones
of Iowa, J'ugfo, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Weller, l\ right,
and Yulee—la.
So the section was stricken out.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out section fourteen, in the
following words:
Sec. I-!. Jini he it further mactei, That the Secretaiy
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to
 nv to the State of Arkansas, out of any money in tne
Treasuiv not otherwise appropriated, such sums ot money
as weiepaid bv said State, under the authority of the act of
the Legislature of that State, approved January i>, 1849, to •
the Benton, county militia, called into service by Cokmel
W R Oaden in July, 1846, to resist incursions of tne
Cherokee Indians: Provided, That the amount bo to &e
paid shall not exceed-tlie sum of $1,212.
Mr. PEARCE. This is a small amount—only
fl,212; but the provision seemed to the commit-
i tee very objectionable in princ^. The miiiwa
