1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
citizens of the State of Missouri the right to
enter certain lands in the Plattsburg district,
in said State, was read twice by its title,..and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
DISMISSAL OF THE BRITISH MINISTER.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his
Secretary.
Mr. MASON. I am informed that the message
from the President of the United States is of some
public importance; I ask, therefore, that it be read
at once.
The message was read. It informs Congress
that the President has ceased to hold intercourse
with the Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plen-
ipotentiary of her Majesty the Q.uecn of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
near this Government. In making a communi-
cation of this fact, the President deemed it proper
to lay before Congress the considerations of in-
dispensable public duty which have led to the
adoption of a measure of so much importance.
Those considerations appear in the documents
which he transmitted.
Mr. MASON. The papers accompanying the
message seem to be very voluminous. I suppose
it is not necessary to read them all; but if any
Senator desires it, the last dispatch of Mr. Marcy
may be read.
The Secretary read the dispatch of Mr. Marcy
to Mr. Dallas, dated May 27, in reply to Lord
Clarendon's dispatch of April 30.
Mr. MASON. I move that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and be printed.
Mr. CASS. I have listened with pleasure to
the reading of the dispatch of the Secretary of
State. It is a powerful and conclusive analysis
of the whole case. It appears to mo that the honor
of the country imperatively required the dis-
missal of this officer. My desire is to have the
facts spread before the people.
The motion to refer and print the message was
agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I read, as doubtless other Sen-
ators did, with great care and deliberation, the
dispatch which the British Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, Lord Clarendon, has written in reply to
the demand made by this Government for the re-
call of Mr. Crampton, the Eritish Minister, and to
which the dispatch of Mr. Marcy, just read at
Vourxtable, is an answer. I was gratified to find
that its tone was temperate, courteous, and con-
ciliatory. It contained a full, unreserved, and
unqualified disclaimer of all intended offense on
the part of the British Government, couched m
language which struck me as peculiarly emphatic
and well suited to the occasion. So far as the
act of its minister here was concerned, the dis-
patch stated in substance that the contents of Mr.
Marcy's letter had been made known to him for
the purpose of explanation, and that his own
Government was satisfied that their minister had
no desire or purpose to commit any infraction of
our laws, or any disrespect to our sovereignty.
The whole dispatch of Lord Clarendon, as I
have said, was conciliatory, and, as I thought,
well and justly conceived; but it contained no
special response directed to the demand of this
Government. The British Government did not
say whether it would or would not recall its minis-
ter; and I censtrued it to mean that if, as was stated
in the dispatch of Mr. Marcy, there yet remained
an opinion in the American Government that the
British Minister here was unacceptable to it, they
did not feel themselves at liberty to interpose
further. I so construed it.
The very interesting and able document which
has just been read, I am gratified to find, is of
the same character with the dispatch to which it
is an answer. It, too, is temperate, calm, and
conciliatory. It receives, in the spirit in which
it was offered, the disclaimer on the part of the
British Government, and I confess, for myself,
I thought it due. After recapitulating the proofs
implicating the British Minister here in acts dis-
courteous to the country, which, whether so
designed or not, were in derogation of the sov-
ereignty of the country, it was intended, as I
understand, to show the British Government that
our gelf-respect required the original demand
should be carried into execution. The British
Government was therefore informed that the
British Minister continued unacceptable in this
country, without any imputations on him as a
gentleman, or as a Minister representing, in his
own judgment, as he considered, in the best
manner, the interests of his own country.
Great Britain has been informed that, because
of the relations which he had established here,
he must continue unacceptable to us, and prob-
ably could not be useful to his own Government.
While I know, from the temper of our people,
and I believe I know from the dispositions of the
present Administration, nothing could be further
from their purpose ordesign than to commit any
discourtesy to the British Government, I hope,
from the character of the correspondence, no dis-
courtesy will be inferred. I can see none in the
temper of the paper, and I can see none in the
occasion; but I am free to declare, as a Senator,
(and thus participating in the Government) that
under the circumstances existing, under the proofs
connecting the British Minister with the enlist-
ments for the foreign legion of Great Britain,
(however he may not have designed it—and I take
his disclaimer as it has been given to us—how-
ever he may have not designed to complicate
himself with a question which would be offensive
to our country, or a disregard of our laws,) the
facts remain, that he did so, and there is no alter-
native on the pari of this Government but to dis-
pense with his further residence among us. I
can see no cause in the world oven to alienate the
two countries. I shall have misapprehended the
dispatch of Lord Clarendon if it will not be re-
ceived, as it was intended, to place this subject at
the disposal of our Government, without constru-
ing the dismissal of their minister into any dis-
courtesy whatever.
Mr. CASS. My friend from Virginia intended
to move for the printing of an extra number of
Mr. Marcy's dispatch, but he omitted to do it,
and I now suggest that it is a measure which
ought to be taken. The dispatch is a very import-
ant one. I have already expressed my gratifica-
tion at its tenor, at its logical purport, and at its
general character. It is written with great power,
and in a tone of courtesy becoming our Govern-
ment in its diplomatic intercourse.
The suspension or interruption of diplomatic
relations between two countries is a very ordi-
nary event in the intercourse of nations, and
cannot lead to war, unless one or the other of
the parties is determined upon that extreme
measure. No just cause of war can arise out of
such an act. In the first place, the British Gov-
ernment should not visit its displeasure upon our
Minister in London by dismissing him. There
is no pretext for it. It is, I believe, the comity
of nations that, when a minister is offensive to
the Government to which he is accredited, he
should be recalled. An embassador, who is a
minister of the highest grade, and represents, as
it is said, the person of the sovereign, is never
sent to a European Government without, in the
first instance, ascertaining if lie will be acceptable.
This is the common law of diplomacy. Leaving
everything else out of view, I think the moment
the British Government ascertained that Mr.
Crampton was unacceptable to the Government
and people of this country, it should at once have
cheerfully recalled him; but it has not seen proper
to do this, and now Mr. Crampton leaves here at
the desire of our Government.
I repeat, the suspension of diplomatic relations
is a very ordinary occurrence in national inter-
course. When I was commissioned as Minister
to France in 1836, there had been no diplomatic
intercourse between us and France for perhaps
two years previously. I did not go to France at
once. I was instructed by General Jackson to go
to England, and I went there and remained until
through the British Government, it was ascer-
tained -that it would be agreeable to the French
Government to receive a minister from the Uni-
ted States. I remained there until that answer
came; and the answer was a very courteous one,
and I immediately repaired to Paris, and was well
satisfied with my reception.
I merely alludo to this circumstance to show
that the suspension of diplomatic relations should
not give serious cause of apprehension to any
man in this .country. The case of the dismissal of
the British Minister in Spain is a very recent and
well-known event. That act gave no serious
offense to the British Government. I need not
review the circumstances. The occurrence is a
well-known diplomatic fact. The Spanish Gov-
ernment sent the British Minister out of the
country, and without the observance of much
courtesy. England herself has sent an ambassa-
dor home to his country under a guard.
I repeat, unless England wants to go to war
with us, no injury will result from the termina-
tion of the diplomatic services of Mr. Crampton.
If she is determined on war, and seeks only a
pretext, that is another question. I do not be-
lieve she does, and have no apprehension of the
result. I now suggest that ten thousand copies
of this document be printed, as it is a very impor-
tant one, and will be read with interest by the
American people.
Mr. PRATT. Does the motion include tlie
whole correspondence ?
Mr. CASS. The dispatch of Mr. Marcy.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better to
have an extra number of the whole correspond-
ence printed.
Mr. CASS. Perhaps so; it is an important
element of history, and it is too extensive to be
published by private enterprise. I move, then,
for the printing of ten thousand extra copies of
all the documents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Under the rule of the Senate the
motion for printing the extra numbers will go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TOOMBS. While I agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, that the dismissal
of the British Minister does not necessarily lead
to a disturbance of our peaceful relations with
Great Britain, I must express my regret that the
matter has taken this course. Our Government^
having been satisfied, as it acknowledges, with
the representations of Great Britain upon the
question in dispute, ought to have allowed the
British Minister to remain, as a necessary con-
quence. It is in vain for this Governmentto say
that the subject in dispute is satisfactorily ex-
plained—to declare that the apology or explana-
tion of the British Government is accepted, and
then to go on and remove the Minister who was the
very occasion of the dispute. While I agree with
our Government that the explanation was suffi-
cient, I think they greatly erred, after obtaining
a sufficient explanation from the British Govern-
ment, in interrupting the diplomatic intercourse
between the two countries.
Mr. CASS. I cannot agree with the honorable
Senator from Georgia. I repeat what I said on a
former occasion, theerror committed by this Gov-
ernment was in not sending away Mr. Crampton
as soon as his conduct was ascertained. I think
it should have been done the very moment our
Government found that he was an accessory to
these proceedings. That error has, however,
Seen repaired by the present measure, which, I
think, is fully justified by the circumstances.
If I understand it, for I heard somewhat indis-
tinctly, Mr. Marcy has said, with due courtesy,
that our Government exonerates the British Gov-
ernment from the intention of violating our laws,
but ho does not exonerate Mr. Crampton. The
responsibility of the minister is to his own Gov-
ernment. That Government has not chosen to
recall him. He is, under the present circumstances,
an unacceptable diplomatic agent—disqualified to
manage the concerns between that country and
ours. He has placed himself in such a position
that he is unacceptable to the American Govern-
ment and people. Our Government has credited
the disclaimer of the British Government of any
intention to violate our laws or our sovereignty;
and, in my opinion, has gone quite as far, to say
the least of it, as the facts justify; but yet Mr.
Crampton has placed himself in a very different
predicament.
The misfortune is, that in our diplomatic inter-
course with England she is prone to adopt a vo-
cabulary of her own, or rather to affix new mean-
ings to old words. She tells us, in effect, that
" enlistment" now does not mean, as it formerly
did, enlistment for military services, and as com-
mon sense tells you it does; but that it means
hiring a man to perform a railroad contract. It
is an illustration of the position that "occupy'
does not mean " occupy," but means that you
shall not hereafter acquire land. If, Mr. Presi-
dent, you should make a contract, that after a
given day you will not occupy any land in a
