614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. SIMMONS. I will say that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have examined this case,
and they concur that it is right. I would suggest
to the gentleman that the communication from the
Treasury Department be read.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection. Item-
bodies substantially what I have stated.
The communication is the following:
Treasury Department, March 3, 1856.
Sir: I have tlie honor to inclose herewith a copy of a
report made to me by the First Compti oiler of the Treasury,
showing that he has now before hiin, on appeal, tftlaim of
George Whitman for a draft issued in Ins tavor by the Post
Office Department; on which appeal he deems it unsuit-
able for hun to act, for the reason ho made the original decis-
ion in the case whilst formerly filling the office of Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Office Department; and, in
order to provide for this case, as well as others which may
arise of the like kind, I respectfully recommend the adop-
tion of the joint resolution proposed by the Comptroller.
I am, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, Chairman of ike Committee of
Ways and Means, House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, March 1,1856.
Sir: George Whitman, Esq., contiacted with the Post-
master General to transport the mail of the United States
from New Orleans to Mobile, and back, during lour years,
commencing on the 1st of July, 1837, ami ending: June 30,
1841. When I was Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department, a claim was pi evented m the name of
John L. Hodge, to in«, to audit anrf adjust, oiiginatmg under
caid contract, amounting to $10,100 as puncipal.
The claim was examined, considered, and disallowed by
a decision in writing, bearing date on tne 14th of February,
1843.
The claim was presented again m 1851 to the Hon. J. W.
Farrelly, then said Auditor, with new testimony, alleged to
be important. Mr. Farrelly examined the case in connec-
tion with the new testimony, and on the 6th day of August,
18ol, he decided in wutins? not to allow claim.
On the 7th of August, 1851, an appeal was taken from
said decision to the First Comptroller of the Ticasury, as
provided m the eighth section ot an act to reorganize the Post
Office Department, approved July 2,1836, which is as fol-
lows: (Statutes at Large, vol. 5, page 81.)
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That there shall be
appointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate,
an Auditor of the Treasury foi the Post Office Department,
whose duty it shall be to receive all awards aiisini? in the
eaid Department, or relative thereto, to audit and settle the
8ame? aud certify their balances to the Postmaster Goneial:
Provided) That if either the Postmaster General, or any
person whose accounts shall be settled, be dissatisfied there-
with, he may within twelve months appeal to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, whose decision shall be final
and conclusive."
The same case, therefore, that I decided as Auditor, is
now before me as First Comptioller, with some additional
testimony on an appeal.
The theory of accounting in the Treasury Department
is, that each account shall be examined by two ofhceis,
With the exception of settling Hie accounts of the Po t
Office Department; and in relation to these, if the claimant
or the Postmaster General is dissatisfied by the decision of
the Auditor, he can appeal to the First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
The object of the law is not attained, in my opinion, if
the Comptroller sets to revise his decision given as Auditor.
When the case was brought beioie me on siud appeal, I
declined to act, and advised the counsel not to picss the
examination. Alter some tune they very kindly urged me
to act, and endeavored to relieve ine from any delicacy I
feit.
On the 9th day of May, 18o3, \ addressed you on the sub-
ject, and requested you to lefer the case to the Attorney
General for his opinion; but inasmuch as the law had
required the decision of the First Comptroller on the appeal,
in concluding your reply you &ay, u the claim could, in no
event, without authority from Congress, be reexamined by
any officer of the Department."—Letter of May 10, 1853.
Mr. Whitman has come to this city, from New Orleans,
to have a final decision of the case; and I know of no mode
by which it can be disposed of with propiiety, and prcsci ve
the principle that lays at the foundation of accounting,
incorporated into the act of September 2, 1789, establishing
tho Treasury Department, without the action of Connies®.
This would be in accordance with an early precedent in
a ease veiy similar to the present.
Oliver Wolcott, Jr., was Auditor of the Treasury in the
year 1792, from which office he was transferred to and ap-
pointed Comptroller. As he had audited and adjusted ac-
counts that had not been revised by the Comptroller,
without whose approval and certificate they could not he
reported to the t^eerctaiy of the Treasury for payment, a
section was inserted in an act making alterations in the
Treasury and War Departments, approved May 8,1792,
which is as follows:
ic Skc. 7. Beit further enacted, That in every case of ac-
count or claim not finally adjusted, upon which the present
Comptroller of the Treasury as Auditor may have decided,
it fahall be the duty of the Commissioner of the Revenue
and of the Auditoi of the Treasury finally to adjust the
same; and in case of disagreement between tiic said Com-
missioner and Auditor, the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral shall be final.'"—Statutes at Large, vol. 1, p. dtfl.
llichard Harrison was appointed Auditor, and next suc-
ceeded Mr. Wolcott m that office, so that he had given no
opinion in the eases on which Mr. Wolcott had acted. If
the principle of said seventh section were embraced in a
jomt resolution, I should confidently expect and hope that
the action of Congrsga might be speedily had, to oblige a
citizen of the United States from his home m Louisiana,
who has performed services for his country for which he
thinks he has not been compensated accoiding to his con-
tract.
For convenience, I submit the form of a joint resolution,
and commit it for your consideration and disposal.
Most respectfully yours, ELISI-IA WHITTLESEY,
lion. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
in every ease of account or claim not finally adjusted, upon
which the present First Comptroller of the Trcasuiy as
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office Department
may have decided, which may have been thereafter re-
examined by an auditor in said office on new testimony,
and decided by him on such testimony, and from whose
decision an appeal has been taken to the present First
Comptroller ot' the Treasury, it shall be the duty of the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury and the Commissioner
of Customs finally to adjust the same ; and. in case of dis-
agreement between the *>aid Second Comptroller and Com-
missioner, the decision of the Attorney General shall be as
final as the decision of the First Comptroller would be if
he "had acted under the eighth section of the act of July 9,
1836, concerning the organization of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS, REPORTS, AND
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BENSON, by unanimous consent, made
an adverse report on the memorial of John De
Camp, commander in the United States Navy,
praying for $400 of pay withheld under the decis-
ion of a court-martial; which %as laid on the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also reported back the petition of citi-
zens of Buffalo,and other ports on Lake Erie and
Lake Ontario, in relation to apprentices in Amer-
ican vessels; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Cresey; which
was rcfeired to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. LAKE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for the benefit of the General Post Office
Department and the Mississippi Central Railroad
Company; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. (WHITMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the. Committee on Military Allaire a
billprohibitingtheofliecrsofthc Army and Navy
from having an interest in any contracts for the
supply of any articlc for any branch of the ser-
vice to which such officer belongs; wlneh was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous conscnt, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill author-
izing a settlement of the accounts of Charles P.
Babeock, late Indian agent at Detroit, in the State
of Michigan; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
presented certain joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts, in relation to the Territory
of Kansas; which were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Also, joint resolutions from the same State,
concerning the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
which received the same order and reference.
Mr. SNEED, by unanimous conscnt, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill for
the relief of the representatives and sureties of
Robert King, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MAXWELL, by unanimous consent,
presented sundry joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Florida; which were referred as indi-
cated below, and ordered to be printed, viz:
Relative to the construction of a light-house at
Bay Port, in the State of Florida. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
In reference to a naval depot on Amelia Island.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
In relation to buoys on the bar of St. Andrew's
Bay. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Asking* Congress to establish a new collection
district in Florida, to be called the district of
Tampa. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
In aid of the Micanopy and Pilatka Plank
Road Company. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Asking Congress to make an appropriation for
the benefit of John L. McLane, of the State of
Florida, county of Gadsden. Referred to the
Committee on Claims,
Asking the establishment of a mail route along
the Bellamy road, between the St. John's river
and Newmansville,in the county of Alachua, and
the transmission of semi-weekly mails over said
route. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Relative to the establishment of aland office in
Santa Rosa county. Referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire mto the expediency of piovidmg by law that all
shippers of goods from one port in the United States to
another be required to specitym the ship's manifest the
particular kind of goods so shipped; and that the said com-
mittee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. "WILLIAMS, by unanimous conscnt, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making appropriations for the improvement of
the harbor of Genesee river, New York; which
was road twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be respectfully re-
quested to return House bill No. 722, for the relief of Lewis
Benedict, with the documents and papers accompanying
the same, which were remitted to said court under tho
general order of the House, of March 3, 1855 ; and that the
same, when returned, shall be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
latter part of the resolution. When the bill comes
back, it must be introduced and referred as any
other bill.
Mr. MILLER. I will modify my resolution
by striking out the latter branch of it, to which
objection is made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills
of the following titles; which were read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at'Black Lake, in the State
of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Kalamazoo
river, in the State of Michigan; and
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of South Black
river, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
introduced resolutions of the General Assembly
of Kentucky, in reference to the tobacco interest
of the country; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Dunkirk, on Lake Erie, New York; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ANDERSON, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills of
the following titles; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to authorize the President to raise a regi-
ment of mounted volunteers for frontier defense
in the Territories of Washington and Oregon.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill establishmgamailrouteonPugetSound,
in Washington Territory. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
modify the law in relation to the custody of wit-
nesses in behalf of the United States; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, presented res-
olutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, in
