l&to
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
certain district, one would suppose it meant what it
expressed, and that after that day you must cease
your occupation there. Not so, says the British
Government, it means quite another thing, that
you shall not thereafter acquire any land within
the. prohibited district, but you may "hold what
you previously possessed; or, in other words,
that occupation means acquisition. Enlistment
hais now got to be a different thing from what it
formerly was. "We are told that it is no violation
of our laws or sovereignty to hire men, and to
pay their expenses to go to Halifax under the
pretext of arailroad contract, and with the under-
standing that they are then to enlist into the Brit-
ish army. If the law can be thus avoided, it is
not worth a straw. I think that, under the circum-
stances which have been developed, Mr. Cramp-
ton is useless in this country as a diplomatic agent.
I say this without the least intention of uttering
a harsh word in relation to that gentleman, who
no doubt thought he was serving his own coun-
try while violating the laws of ours; but I repeat
that the moment this Government informed that
of Great Britain that its minister here was unac-
ceptable, he should have been gracefully with-
drawn without hesitation and without complaint.
JVIr, TOOMBS. I concur in the last remark
of the Senator from Michigan, but we have got
beyond that point, and I think the rcsultis an un-
fortunate one. When I rose before it was only
for the purpose of expressing my disapprobation
of this unfortunate result of the-controversy. I
did not choose to go into the enlistment question
pending between the two Governments because I
differed from my own. I think that matter has
been pressed to apointrathcr of pettifogging than
.-of statesmanship. I do not concur in the extent
to which our Government has gone in construing
our neutrality laws; 1 do not think the British
Government has violated them in anything which
it has done. I have heretofore refrained from an
expression of opinion on this subject because
the negotiations were going on; and now that
they have been terminated 1 take this occasion
to express my disapprobation of the construction
placed by our own Government on the neutrality
laws of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. I think, with the Senator from
Georgia, it is very unfortunate that the British
Minister has been dismissed now, after this pro-
tracted correspondence. During the time when
the Allies and Russia were engaged in war, it
was highly proper for the United States to say,
" Hands off!" so far as regards our own pooplij
in this controversy; and especially, in my opin-
ion, as we had every reason, at that time, to
conciliate, or at least not to offend, the Russian
Government. After that occasion lias passed,
when the subject has been lengthily discussed,
and everything is on the ebb, I think this cotim;
is hardly proper. I do not say that the British
Government has a right to take exception to it;
but I would much prefer to have had the thing
done at once or not at all. I know no reason why
the two Governments should he involved in com-
mercial difficulties and retaliation, much less in
war. If the sword is to be drawn, 1 should re-
gard it as a great calamity. I do not hesitate to
say so. I would avert it, as far as I could, by
my counsels; I would avert it, as far as I possibly
could, consistently with the honor of my own
country.
The British Minister has been dismissed, and
I suppose the developments will aiford what our
Government considers justification for it; but 1
think, considering the temper which pervades
the correspondence of Lord Clarendon, (though I
have not read the whole of it,) and the tone which
now seems to pervade the public mind in both
countries, this will be looked upon as an inop-
portune time for the dissolution of our diplomatic
relations with Great Britain. I am sorry to say
that such is my opinion. I know the sage coun-
sels of my friend from Michigan will go very
far, and his remarks may make an impression on
the public mind in Great Britain, where mine,
perhaps, will never even drop. 1 do not say that
our Government is not justified; I only say that
f think it has chosen a very inopportune time.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to continue this
conversation, for it is such, further than to add
a very few words. I understood the Senator
from Georgia to say that, in his judgment, the
laws of the Uniteil States hod not been violated
by the acts of the British Minister in the enlist-
ment matter.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Tf his judgment be right, of
course there was not only no ground for dismiss-
ing the minister, but no ground whatever for
complaint. It is, then, a question of fact which
will go to the country, and the country will decide
whether the Senator from Georgia has taken a
correct view of the facts as shown by the evidence, -
or whether the correct view has been taken by
the Administration. But I suppose the Senator
from Georgia will admit that, if the fact be other-
wise, and if the British Minister, by his conduct
here, did violate the laws of this country, the
action of our Government upon it, whether de-
layed too long or not, was rightful.
I have now a word to say in reference to what
has fallen from the Senator from South Carolina,
who, I know, looks as closely as any other Sen-
ator to the honor of the country. He says he
thinks the conduct of the Government may be
justified. Sir, if the Government has done right,
its conductis to be sustained and applauded. This
is the view which I take of it. The Senator from
South Carolina says the time had gone by, the
war was over, the occasion for these enlistments
had ended, the public mind had assumed a more
conciliatory tone, and that, because of the delays,
it should have been looked on rather as a by-gone
affair. Sir, let the Senator remember that the
demand for the recall of this minister was made
in a dispatch dated at Washington on the 28th of
December last, which reached the British Gov-
ernment in about ten or twelve days at the fur-
thest, and the reply was dated on the 30th day of
April. About four months elapsed between the
date of the demand and the date of the reply.
During that period of four months the war was
ended. We were not informed of the result of
this demand until four months had thus elapsed.
The British Government during that time sent to
Mr. Crampton to get his explanations, and was
engaged in negotiating the peace. All this was
satisfactorily explained as cause for delay. Our
Government is certainly not responsible for that
delay in any form.
Then it results as I understand—such at least
is my impression of the posture of the corre-
spondence—that the British Government declared
they gave no instructions winch could be con-
strued into a purpose on their part to violate our
laws, or show disrespect to our sovereignty. They
endeavoj- to show that, so far as the British Gov-
ernment are concerned, it has not been done.
They regret that we should have entertained such
an opinion. They disclaim it. It is very well
done on the part of the British Government—per-
fectly acceptable to our Government, and is so
declared most explicitly. As to the acts of the
British Minister here, the British Government do
no more than say that the minister disclaimed
such a purpose to them. Our Government are
satisfied that, although the minister did disclaim
it, and doubtless disclaimed it as a fair and honor-
able man—I do not mean to question that—the
facts remain proven to this Government showing
that he did violate our laws. In my judgment,
therefore, if this Government had failed to dis-
miss the British Minister, the British Government
failing to recall him, they would have been dere-
lict in their duty.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President,in my opinion we
owed it to our position among the nations of the
world to dismiss Mr. Crampton. We could not
have maintained our character without doing it.
The Powers of Europe were watching our course.
We demanded his recall when England was en-
gaged in war. We got no satisfactory answer.
The facts are all disclosed now in time of peace,
when the heavy pressure on England is removed;
and for one, as an American, I do not want it
said that we made a demand when England was
engaged in a mighty conflict, and now, when her
difficulties are removed, abandoned the just rep-
aration we demanded. In my opinion we should
have received the contumely of the world if we
had not brought this matter to its present con- 1
summation. j
The honorable Senator from Georgia says there ,
was no justification for this course. Sir, I be- I
( lieve there is not a nation of Christendom, and j
i hardly a Mohammedan or a Pagan one within the i
1 verge, of civilization, which does not prohibit the I
enlistment of its inhabitants within its dominions,
whether in the form of a railroad contract or ei
war contract, for the purpose of hostile operations
against a friendly Power. That we did so was
perfectly well known to the British Government
and to Mr. Crampton from the commencement
of the recent European war. In fact, it appears
by the report of the Department of State, that
when the war first broke out, the Secretary ex-
plained to the French and British Ministers j who
called upon him together to announce that event,
our duty and our policy, under the circumstances;
and I believe furnished them with copies of our
statute upon this subject. It was sent by the
British Minister to his Government, so that ig-
norance in this case cannot be offered as an ex-
cuse. After a while England got pressed for
men. She had more money than soldiers. Then
was contrived what was called the Foreign En-
listment bill for the purpose of procuring recruits
for her armies in foreign countries. Able men in
England opposed to the Ministry, sucli as Mr.
Cobden and others, warned Parliament of the
difficulties to which that measure would lead. It
has led precisely as Mr. Cobden foretold, into
serious difficulties with us.
The British Government said they were told
that men in this country wanted to go to the
Crimea. Men may have been deluded into that
service; but for them it was a most unfortunate
delusion. The proposition undoubtedly went
from the British Minister here, and, I have no
question, was the result of his interviews with
persons who desired to manage the affair for their
own personal advantages. Any man inthis coun-
try, seriously intending to leave it to join the
British army in the Crimea as a private, would
have been fitter for an insane hospital than for a
warlike camp. Here, free, comfortable, and, if
industrious, well paid, and with an encouraging
future before him; there—but I need not say what
was before him but death. The British Govern-
ment may have been deceived; how Mr. Cramp-
ton could be with his knowledge of our coun-
try is incomprehensible to me. Still, ordinary
sagacity in the men at the head of military affairs
in England ought to have saved them from this
false movement—ought to have taught them that
this was no country to come to recruit men for
European armies. The expense in proportion to
the success was enormous; and will, I hope, fur-
nish a lesson of precaution for the future.
What was the operation of this matter? No
candid man, looking at the facts as disclosed in the
Philadelphia trials and otherwise, can doubt that
the true purport of the instructions was this: Get
men in the United States; but do not get caught;
take care and avoid any violation of their laws; but
the men you must get. Call them railroad labor-
ers and send them to Halifax under a contract
to enlist there, and provide them with their
passage.
This is the plain English of the matter when
divested of its diplomatic garb. No man can
look over the whole papers and read them with-
out being satisfied that this is so. The British
Governmentknew that the proceeding was against
our laws, as a similar proceeding would have
been against their own. Mr. Crampton knew it.
Of course we are ignorant of the language of the
instructions, but their purport is sufficiently dis-
closed by the occurrences.
Do not get caught, was the practical injunction.
But some of th"e offenders have been caught; and
1 repeat that our national character and our stand-
ing among the nations of the world require that
Mr. Crampton should return home by the act of
this Government, as he has not been called home,
as he should have been, by the Set of his own.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had not intended,-by the
few words which I uttered simply as an expres-
sion of my own opinion, to draw out this debate,
and evoke the comments of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan. I am afraid that the prin-
ciple upon which the Senator from Michigan has
placed this matter is the very one on which our
Government hasacted. It is one which I heartily
disapprove of. The Senator says that we coulil
not maintain ourselves before the nations of the
world if we made a demand on England when she
was under the pressure of war, and then aban-
doned it when peace was restored.
Mr. CASS. State the whole of my proposi-
tion, if the Senator pleases.
