2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
•called out on this occasion were not called out by
the authority of the Governor, so far as I under-
stand, but solely by the authority of the colonel.
-We have not been able to perceive any evidence
' that there was an actual incursion from the In-
dians; but we do perceive, from a letter of one of
the officers who was out, that he found no In-
dians where he went; but he verily believed that
if he had not gone there, some of them would
have come into the State. [Laughter.] It seemed
to us that, even if these militia were called out
under serious apprehensions, they were not called
out by the proper authority, and we ought not to
sanction the calling out of a military force by a
colonel of militia, and obligate ourselves to pay
for expenses created thereby.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I was at a loss to know
for what reason the Committee on Finance recom-
mended the striking out of this section until I
heard the statement of the Senator from Mary-
land—remarkable as coming from him, for he is
usually very accurate in his facts; but he is en-
tirely mistaken. * In the first place, the calling
forth of the militia was by order of the Governor
of the State of Arkansas, who, under the militia
laws of the State, called on Colonel Ogden. On
his requisition, a company of militia was called
out and employed thirty days, not m quelling in-
surrection, to be sure, because no such insurrec-
tion ever took place, but in quieting disturbances
on the frontier.
The history of it is briefly this: The Cherokces
are loeated .on tho western frontier of the State of
Arkansas. In 1846, the civil feuds in the Chero-
kee nation grew very high, and nearly one half of
them were expelled from tin? nation. They were
driven into the Slate of Aikansas, where they
commenced a system of thieving, plundering, and
depredating. A great deal of ill-foelmg was got-
ten up, anu they refused to return to their own
country, until expelled by the military. That is
the state of the facts. The military were called out
for that purpose by the Governor, and the State
afterwards paid their expenses to the, amount of
all of which appears by the pay-roll among
the papers.
The letter to which the Senator from Maryland
refers, of General Arbuoklc, was written long
after these facts occurred, lie went up there on
a kind of military reconnoibs.niee after this com-
pany wus di.^harged, and n ported that there
were no Imlinns there; hut the fact had been
otherwise. I/or a period of from tin re* to six
months hundreds of Indians inul hem mwnsr
through the country, committing every xpeen-s of
depredation and violence. They were dn\en by
the internal feuds and factions of their oy/n na-
tion from it. it was a kind of incursion, not
exactly a hostile one, because they took refuge
within the bordeis of thoStoLe of Arkansas, fiom
what was civil war m their own country; but the
Governor was compelled to re.sort to this military
force for the puipose of expelling them. When
General Arbuekle went there afterwards, he found
peace and quiet prevailing, and so reported. I
nave examined the papers very perfectly, and I
find that this is about the state of facts.
I think, then, that this case comes clearly
within the principle on which the Federal Gov-
ernment has always paid tin; expenses of a State
for culling out its militia to quiet disturbances on
the frontier, or to .suppress domestic insurrection.
It will be remembered that these Indians were, so
far as the people of Arkansas were concerned, a
foreign people. It was not a mere insurrection
which the local authorities were to suppress, but
it was an incursion—not a ho.niie one, hut one
that disturbed the peace, and put the law of the
country at defiance; and it was from a neighbor-
ing nation. It comes, therefore, clearly within
the principle.
Mr, PEARCE. As to the rmlitia having been
ordered out by the Governor, I stated before that
we had no evidence of that fact; and so far as
we knew, from what was before us, they were
called out by a colonel; but if the gentleman
knows what he states, of course I accept it as
the best authority.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The fact appears in a me-
zuofial of the State Legislature of Arkansas,
•which is filed with the papers, and can be read
if desired.
Mr. PKARCK. I did not see the paper; it
was not shown to me or the committee; but I
think, on the statement of the gentleman himself,
we ought not to pay this money. He admits that
this was not a hostile incursion; but the Indians
were at war with one another, and some who es-
caped from the party hostile to them sought refuge
in the borders of Arkansas. Then the militia of
Arkansas was called out to suppress apprehended
tumultuary movements, or to remove these intru-
ders from her territory. It was really a police
movement; and I take it that we are not to be
called upon to execute the police authority of a
State. We are bound to repel invasion, and sup-
press insurrection; but we are not bound to keep
the peace within the territory of all the States of
the Union. They execute their police laws for
themselves, at their own cost. I do not think
there is the least shadow of claim in this case.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have only to reply what
I have said already, that the whole of this incur-
sion was m violation of the terms of the inter-
course law, and was precisely that kind of dep-
redation and offense which the obligation of the
Government of the United States is clear and ex-
plicit to suppress, by the act of 1834. Nothing
can be clearer than that. If the United States
undertook the enforcement of their own act, the
whole proceeding of the Indians was in violation
of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out section sixteen, which
is:
See. 26. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Jean Baptise Faubault, and I'elagie Faribault, his wife,
the Mini oi $1-2,000, wnSi lnteie^t Iheieupon from the 12th
of March, 18M, in full payment of their elaim to the inland
at the eoutluenec ol the Mississippi and St. Pierre river-*,
in tiilhllment ot a contraeterueied into tor ttiat purpose on
said Wth day of March, 18^1), between the Secretary of
War and the attorneys in tact of the said Faribault and
wife.
Mr. PEARCE. This provision was contained
in one of our amendments to the Indian appro-
priation bill which we acted on to-day. The
Senate receded from an amendment in the same
words, I believe, with this section. As the Sen-
ate has receded from it, I suppose it is hardly
worth while io insist on it now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out sections seventeen and eighteen, as fol-
lows:
Skc 17. And be it, further enacted, That in settling the
a< • mints of Thomas J. Henley, superintendent of Indian
atfans in California, the accounting ofticers of the Treas-
iu\ be, and iticy arc hereby, authorized to allow him the
amounts he actualh paid to niterpieter.; during the yeais of
ls.vl and I8">>,and ihe amount of paid by turn to Saun-
di'i > and Hienham, (ot interest on money advanced by them
oh account of the Indian serv ice in Calitorni.u upon lus pro-
dueing s.m-Iac tor> vouchers tor these e vpeuditiire-*.
Skc. 18 And be it fiuther cnattcd, That the act of the
'27th ot FebiuarVj KS51, fmng the iate of compensation for
interpreter-., as fat as it relates to California be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Air. PEARCE. These two sections were both
included by the Senate in the Indian appropriation
hill. The eighteenth section was adopted with an
amendment which has passed both Mouses, and
the seventeenth section has been stricken out to-
day by a committee of conference, with the assent
of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out section twenty-one, which is:
And he it further enacted. That the Secretary of
W.xi be. ami he is hereby, authoii/.ed to employ in his of-
fice an accountant eonver*.ant with military accounts and
the laws and ?emulations governing the <ame, who shall re-
eeivean annual compensation ot and shall perioral
Mieh dutier' in connection with the examination and settle-
ment of military account* reqiniiinr the action of the Sec-
retary of War, and with the accounts of nppiopriations and
expenditmeh loi inihtaiy puipose?, as the said Secretary
may fiom time to ume assign him.
Mr. WELLER. The Secretary of War is
exceedingly anxious to obtain the clerk provided
for in this section. If any Senator desires it, I
will ask to have his letter read, and I have a de-
tailed statement on the point.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state the reasons which induced the Finance
Committee to move to strike out this provision.
We were all satisfied of the very great merits of
the officer who holds this place. I know him well
myself. I know him to be a very valuable offi-
cer. The only reason on which we determined
to strike it out was, that it disturbed the general i
arrangement of the classification of clerks so
recently adopted on a pretty good system. We
thought it likely, that if we gave to this clerk
$2,500, we should have all the other clerks holding
corresponding grades in other Departments asking
for the same salary. We thought it rather too
soon to make an alteration in their salaries.
Mr. WELLER. There was a mistake in the
printing of the bill. The salary was to be $3,000,
and not $2,500. Certainly the reason given by
the Senator from Maryland is insufficient. He
states the necessity of the clerk, but disputes about
the salary. It would be a very easy matter to
amend by reducing the salary, and not deny the
clerk altogether. The salary fixed upon by the
Committee on Military Affairs was $2,000 for this
Mr. PEARCE. We know perfectly well that
it is the intention of the Secretary of War to
appoint to this place a gentleman wfio is now in
his office as a clerk. He stated his desire to
retain this gentleman, and expressed an appre-
hension that, unless he was enabled to give him
a salary of $2,500, he would not be able to keep
him in the office, but that he would accept some
other employment; so that we are not denying a
new clerk, but merely refusing an increase of
salary of one already there.
Mr. WELLER. I ask to have the letter of
the Secretary of War read.
It was read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, Jlffd 7,1856.
Dear Sir : I inclose a draft of an enactment to make
additional provision for the adjustment of a great variety of
accounts which require the decision oV the Secretary of
War, being of a character winch the accounting ofheers of
the Treasury cannot decide upou. An accompanying memo-
randum will show the nature of most of these accounts,
and I would be glad to giveJfurtlicr explanations whenever
you can make it convenient to call at the Department and
confer with mo on the subject.
Very respectfully, JEFF>N DAVIS.
Hon. John B, Weller, Chairman Committee on Military
Affairs, United States Senate,
Mr. "VVELLER. I also ask that the statement
which I have had reduced to writing, in conse-
quence of my not being able to call on the Depart-
ment, showing the necessity of the employment
of this clcrk, be read.
The Secretary read it, ds follows:
" The organization of the accounting officers of the
Treasury provides for the examination and settlement of
account-* rendered for the disbursement of public money.
The accounting officers admit ail expenditures made in ac-
cordance with law and regulation, on special orders of
the Department—they reject all not so made, or not proven
in tiie maimer prescribed by regulations. All accounts so
rejected may bo, and many ot them are, submitted by the
disbursing officers for the decision ot the Secretary of War,
who alone can waive a strict compliance with regulation if
its enforcement would work injustice.
" By law and by regulation, a large class of expenditures
requires the special sanction of the Secretary of War, who
ha- to exeicise a discretion according to the circumstances
ot each case.
'•A huge class of accounts requiring the special direction
of the Secretary, results from the admission, by Congress,
of the claims of States and individuals for services, &c., n
tbc suppression of Indian hostilities, and other military
operations not pcrtormed under the direction of this De-
partment.
tk In addition to these, numerous cases daily arise, not
provided tor l>y regulations, and which are to be settled by
the application of the general principles governing the ad-
justment of military accounts.
iV In prescribing the gcneial principles for the settlement
of classes of claims embracing numerous accounts, and m
revising the settlement, as is always done, to see that no
injustice to the Government or to individuals results from
the practical operation of the geneial rules, as well as in
the adjustment of single clai/ns, in which it is often neces-
sary to compute and specify the sums to be paid, it is rie-
eessaiy that the Secretary be able to command the services
of an experienced accountant, conversant not merely with
some single branch of Army accounts, but with the whole
ransre of military expenditures, and the general history of
military turn-actions. The qualifications for the station
can bu acquned only by long experience; nor can they bo
obtained anywhere so well as in the Secretary's office,
where all military information centers, and whither all
questions of consequence aie earned for decision.
" Officers disbursing under the direction of the several
bureaus, and rendering accounts to several auditors, not
unfrequently get their accounts confused, and the interpo-
sition of the Secretary of War is required to disentangle
them. The correspondence witli delinquent officers con-
stitutes a consuieiable bianch of business; and a sound
di<cretion is to be exercised in distinguishing between of-
ticers whose delinquency arises from the pressure of other
duties, and those who are careless or unsate.
"Among the large accounts settled within a few years,
since 1849, in the Secretary's office, and under his imme-
diate direction, were the military contribution accounts,
more than j§>4,260,000 ; the civil fund accounts of Califor-
nia, $l,3Go,000 ; Mexican war claims, $-200,000 ; the Rogue
j^ver claims recently settled, §170,000, The war debt of
