1858.1
kWMhtX TO ?HE CO^GttSSSIONAL
Wh
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs*—Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
publicofltcial acts and political questions can effect
nothing more than the raising of an issue of per-
sonal consistency, with which the House has
nothing to do," is remarkable—is utterly falla-
cious; and is refuted by the fact of our organ-
ization, and the Constitution and laws under
which this great Republic lives and has its being,
applicable only to matters of private right!
But it is asked how will you prove the existence
of a Territorial Legislature) The committee
says:
" It has been faintly urged that the book of acts and the
Journal prove the existence of a legal Legislature. This,
vour committee suppose, will scarcely be pressed. They
Cannot understand how the issuing of a Journal and a book
of acts is referable to a legally elected, any more than an
illegally elected Legislature; nor how the existence and
production of these books can throw any, the least, light
upon the subject, when both parties admit there was a body
of inen professing to be a Legislature, and differing only in
that most material question, as to its legal title to the office."
Faintly urged! How candid! A position delib-
erately and soundly taken, and elaborately main-
tained, only "faintly urged;" and "your com-
mittee suppose will scarcely be pressed!" But how
proved ? Why, hy the act organizing the Terri-
tories—by the appointing of executive officers—by
elections duly ordered and held—by an examina-
tion by the Governor of such elections, when re-
turned to him, by setting them aside when proper,
and in such cases ordering a new election, and
fiving certificates to such as are entitled thereto—
y the persons so elected and so recognized as-
sembling at the time and place designated by proc-
lamation of the Governor, and organizing that
Territorial Legislature provided for in the organic
act; -and, when organized, duly announcing the
fact to the Governor, and receiving from him the
customary annual message. All tjris was done,
and we are bound to receive ft as rightfully done.
Does any one call for proof that a Kansas-Ne-
braska act was passed—that in conformity there-
with a Governor was duly commissioned—that
he took a eensus, and ordered an election on the
30th of March, 1855—that such election took
place—that the Governor granted certificates of
election to some, and refused them to others—
that a Legislature was organized, to which the
Governor addressed ihe usual message, fully
recognizing it as the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas—and that such Legislature passed various
acts, and among them a territorial election law?
But where, savs the committee, is the proof of
such laws? Why,say they,in the volumes pub-
■ lished under the authority of the Legislature, the
legality of which is denied. Let us look at some
authorities on this point.
Greenleaf on evidence, volume 1, page 607,
section 479, says:
" We proceed now, in the second plaee, to consider the
node of proof of public docnments,beginnii}e with those
which are not judicial. And first, of acts of Sfale. It has
already been seen, that court* will judicially take notice of the
political constitution, orframe of the gpvcmmehiof theirovm
country, its essettled political agents, or officers, aid Us essen-
tial ordinary <nut regular operations- The great seal of the
State, and the seals of its judicial tribunals, require no proof.
Courts also recognize, Without other proof than inspection,
the seals of State of other nations, which have been recog-
nized by their own sovereign. The seals also of foreign
;,courts of admiralty, and of notaries-public, are recognized
.in the like manner. Public statutes, also, need no proof,
being supposed to exist in the memories of all; but, for cer-
tainty of recollection, reference is had either to a copy ftom
the legislative rolls, orto the book printed Iry pHfilicauthority.
Acts of State may be proved by. production of the original
printed document, from a press authorized by"Government.
Proclamations, and other acts and orders of the Executive,
of the like character, |uy be proved fey production bf the
Government gazette, i^vhieh they were authorized to be
printed. Printed copies of public document^ transmitted to
Congress by the President of the United States, and printed
by the printer to Congress,' are evidence of those docu-
ments."
Greenleaf on Eviienice, ■vslume l, tt£e 608,
section 480: r
" Next, as to legislative acts. Which consist of statutes,
resolutions, and orders, passed by the legislative body. In
regard to private statutes, lesolntions^ &c., tbe Otrty mode
of proof known to the common law is either, by means of
a copy, proved on oath to have be,en examined by the roll
' itself, or by an exemplification under the great seal. But
in most, if not all of the' United States, the printed copies
of the laws and resolves of the .Legislature, published by its
authority, are competent-evidence,, either by statute or
judicial decision; and it is sufficient prima facie that the
book purports to have been so .printed. It is the invariable
course of the Legislatures Of tHe .several States, as well as
of the United'Btates, to, have tbe laws 8 d resolutions of
each session printed'by authority. Confidential persons are
selected to compare the copies tfiththe original rolls, and
superintend the printing. The very object of this provision
is to furnish the people with authentic conies; and, from
their nature, printed copies of this kind, either of public or
private laws, are as much to be depended on as the exem-
i plilication, verified by an officer, who is a keeper of the
record."
Page 609, section 482:
- "In regard to the Journals of either branch of the Legis-
lature, a former remark may be here repeated, equally ap-
plicable to all other public records and documents, namely,
that they constitute an exception to the general rule, which
requires the production of the best evidence, and may be
proved by examined copies. This exception is allowed,
because of their nature, as original public documents, which
are not removable at the call of individuals, and because,
being interesting to many persons, they might be necessary
as evidence in different places at the same time. More-
over, these being public records, they would be recognized
as such by the Court, upon being produced, withoat collat-
eral evidence of their identity, or genuineness: and it is a
general rule, that, whenever the thing to be proved would
require no co) lateral proof upon its production, it is provable
by a copy. These Journals may also be proved by the copies
printed by the Government printer, ty authority bf the
House."
Greenleaf on Evidence, volume 1, page :6I9,
commencing third line from <top:
" Upon strict principles of evidence, therefore, the laws
and public, documents of one State can be proved in the
courts of another,  mly as foreign laws. And accordingly,
in some of the States, su.ch proof has been required. But
the Courts of other States, and the Supreme Court of the
United States, being of opinion that the connection, inter-
| course, and constitutional ties, which bind togetherthese
1 several States, require some relaxation of the strictness of
! this rule, have accordingly held that a printed volume, pur-
! | porting on the face of it to contain the laws of a sister State,
1; is admissible as prima fade evidence to prove lire Statute
laws of that State." (
Same volume, page 690, section 490:
" The reciprocal relations between the JfationSWJovern-
hlent and the several States composing tfeeUnrtedStates,
are not foreign but domestic. Kence the courts .of dis
United States take judieial notice of all the public laws of
the respective States, whenever they are called Upon to
consider and apply them. Jlnd in like mariner the courts
of the several States take judicial notice of kit.public acts of
Ca tigress, including (Aose tohith rtlate ettdusieely to,this Dis-
trict of Columbia, without any formal proof•"
Here, then ,xupon the highest authority, we see,
" that the book of actsartdthe journal " would
be received in any court-of justice in the United
States in proof of what they purport to> be—the
acts and the Journal of the Territorial;Legislature
of Kansas.
Nor is this all. We remember the celebrated
Rhode lslattd case, which sprung trat of an effort
on the part of Dorr and his confederates tosab-
verttheoldgovemmentof that State. Thedanger
of civil war became so imminent as to call forth
the proclamation of the President of the United
States, in which he<avowed hia purpose to inter-
pose Federal power toprerent it. Out of this caise
a-legal controversy arose which 'finally reached
the Supreme Geurt bf the 'United States^ I igive
the following extracts as bearing directly updn
the case now under consideration. The .extracts
commence upon the proposition to declare all done
by the old government null and void from the
'time the new- government was proclaime/d ,&c.
Decision of tbe Supreme Court of the United
States, (Curtis, vol. 17,Luther tra. Borden/page
6:)
"For if thisebartis authorized to enter «p n tHia in-
quiry as proposed by the jplaiatiff. aad it should be deaiAcd
that tbe charter government had no legal existence duripg
,the period of time above mentioned, ifit had been annulled
by the adoption of the oppositig-governirtent,then'the laws
passed by its Legislature during that time were nullities;
its taxes wrongfully collected; its*alaries and compensation
to its officers illegally paid; Us public.accounts improperly
settled; and the judgments and sentences of its courts in
"civil and criihinal eases null and voiid ; and the officers urtio
carried their decisions into operation lansWerable asitoes-
passers, if mot in some eases iscrhUuiala.
" When the decision of this Court might lead .to;such;re-
sults, it becomes' its duty to' examine very carefully its own
powete before it undertakes tO exereiseJuri«Hcti6n."
So with this House.
Same book and case, .page 10:
"And when the Senators and Representatives of a State
jtte admitted into the Councils of the Union, the authority
"6f the'Governmfent under wliieli they Me appointed j-aswcll
as .its republican, character, is oeoegntzed-by the properosn-
stitutionai authority. And Us deeision is binding on every
other department of the Government, and cotild not be ques-
tioned in a jadicial tribunal."
This principle applies to Kansas, itsl Legislature
beirig " recognized by the proper constitutional
authority."
Samebook and case, paige II:
"Tliey might, if they.had deemed it mos^  dv|saMeto
do "so, have- placed it la the pdwerdf a eourt tol d&Sde
wb«n die contingency had happened which requited the
Federal Government to interfere. But Congress thought
otherwise, and no doubt wisely: and by the act of February
28,1795, provided that, (in case of an insurrection in any
State against the government thereof, it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States, on application of the
Legislature of such State,or of the Executive, when the Le-
gislature cannot be convened, to call forth such number of
the militia of any other State or States as may be applied
for, as he may judge sufficient to suppress such insurrec-
tion.'
" By this act,.the power of deciding whether the exigency
had arisen, upon which the Government of the United
States is bound to interfere, is given to the President, tte
is to id upon the application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive, end consequently he mutt determine what body of
men constitute the Legislature, and who is the Governor be-
fore he can act. The fact, that both parties claim the right
to the government, cannot alter the case, for both cannot
be entitled to it. If there is an armed conflict, like the one
of which we are speaking, it is a case of domestic violence,
and one of the parties must be in insurrection against the
lawful government. Jlnd the President must, of necessity,
decide which is the government, and tchick parly is unlaw-
fully arrayed against it, before he can perform the duly im-
posed upon him by the act if Congress.
" After the President has acted and called out the militia,
is a circuit court of the United States authorized to inquire
Whether bis decision was right ? Could the court, while the
parties were actually contending in arms far the possession
qf the Government, call witnesses before it, end inquire
which party represented a majority qf the people? Ifit could,
then ft would become the duty of the court (provided it
came'to the conclusion that the President had decided incor-
rectly) M discharge those who were arrested ordetained by
tbe troops in the serviceof the United States,or the govern-
ment which the President was endeavoring to maintain.
If the judicial power extends so far, the guarantee con-
tained in the Constitution of (he United States is a guaran
tee of anarchy, and not of order."
And can this House do of iteelf this thing i
Same case, page 13:
" It is true that in this case the militia were not called
out by the President. But upon the application of the Gov-
ernor, under the charter government, the President recog-
nized him as the executive power of the State, and took
measures to call out the militia to support his authority, if
it should be found necessary for the General Government
to interfere. And it is admitted in the argument that it was
the knowledge of this decision that .put an end to the armed
opposition to the charter government, and .prevented any
further efforts to establish by force the proposed constitution.
"The interference of the President, therefore,by announc-
ing his determination, was as effectual as if the militia had
been assembled under his orders, and it should be equally
'authoritative; for certainly no court of the United States,
with a knowledge of this decision, would have been justi-
fied in recognizing the opposing party as the lawful gov-
ernment, or in treating as wrongdoers or insurgents the
officers of the government which the President had recog-
nized, and was prepared to support hy an armed forced"
Surely, neither Can this House recognize suG"h
a government as that denied by the Supreme
Court.
And again, on sameipage:
u It is said that this power in the President is dangerous
to liberty, and may be abused. All power may be abused
if placed in unworthy hands. But it would be difficult, we
think, to point out any other hands in which this power
Would be more safe, and, at the same tilhe, equally effect-
ual. When citizens of the same State are in arms against
each other, and the constituted authorities unable to execute
the laws, the interposition of the United States must be
prompt, Or it is of littlev&lue. The ordinary coarse of pro-
•ueeding? in courts of jiistice would be-utterly uofitfortfie
crisis. And the elevated office of, the President, chosen as
he is by the people of the United States, and the highire-
spftitsibility he could not foil to feel When Beting in a-case
Of 8® much momeot, appear to fumish as «iroug safeguards
against a willful abuse of power as human, prudence, and
foresight could well provide. At all events, it is conferred
uponhim by tbe Constitution and laws of the United States,
and must therefore be respected and enforced in. Us judicial
trihunals.
" A question very similar to ,thi«t ose in the caseof
Martians. Mott, 12 Wheat., 99,31. The first clause of the
first section of fteact of February 98,1795, of which we
have been speaking, authorizea the-Preudent to call out the
militia to repel iqvasiea."
♦ * -* .* * *
"The case ab^e-mentionedarose outofa call made by
•thePreBident, by virtue of the power conferred by the first
clause; and the court saidtbat ' whenever a statute gives
a discretionary ptower toany person,to be exercised by him
upon his own opinion Of oeftun thets, it is a sound rule.of
«onetruetio lbat the statute constitutes him the' sole and
'exclusive judge of the existence of those foots.* The
'grounds' Apen Which' that opinion-is maintained-are>feet
■forth in the report, and, we thmk,iare conOuxive. The
same frinoiple appSes to the case now'before «he court.
Undoubtedly, if the President, in> exercising thiB power,
shall fall into error, or in wide the rights of the people of the
' State, it would be in the' power «f Congress' to apply the
pfoper remedy. Hut the coarts Kust adnianister the law
as Iheyfindit."
-Governor Reeder -and the minority committee
'of the Territorial Legislature take this very
ground. Said committee says, " I cannot agree
'that this body has the right to go behind the de-
ci&iap xif ;the Governor," and " for the obvious
reason, that Congress makes him th« sole judge
