1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
Mr. TOOMBS. I will do so; or the Senator
can do it himself.
Mr. CASS. I did not say that that was the
reason. I said distinctly that the acts of her
minister had injured our sovereignty and nation-
ality, and now this is not the time to give it up.
Mr. TOOMBS. At any rate the Senator inti-
mated that that might be a reason. I say it is a
reason which ought not to operate upon a great
Government like this. It would be very unbe-
coming for this Government to make a demand,
or to allow it "to be suspected that it made a de-
mand, on account of the peculiar position of
England. Such an act would be offensive in any
nation. Above all would it be improper for this
Government to allow a state of peace or war be-
tween England and France and Russia to have
the slightest influence on her conduct. When
the Government of the United States accepted the
explanation of England as perfect, the other con-
sequences ought to have flowed from it. I am
afraid that it has resulted from an idea of what
other people might think as to our maintenance
of our national honor. In my judgment, there
is a safer rule for maintaining national honor. It
is not to be found in the opinion of others, but to
pursue the course dictated by justice.
Now as to the other question: to enlist men in
this country, I admit, is against our laws; but I
deny that what the British Government did was
a violation of them. If the British Minister had
issued proclamations, and stuck them on this
Capitol, stating that American citizens who chose
might go to Halifax and there be enlisted to take
sides for Russia or for England, it would not be
a violation of the neutrality laws of tire United
States. I hold to the right of expatriation. 1
hold to the doctrine of Mr. Webster in his letter
to Mr. Hulsemann. They had a perfect right to
go there. This whole dispute has been a tech-
nical argument about engaging them to go to
enlist. I think the question is too small a one to
be made a matter of grave demand between two
Governments. The moment the British Govern-
ment disclaimed, as it did from the beginning,
any idea of violating our sovereignty or territo-
rial rights, our Goverement ought not to have
gone into matters of conflicting proof as to what
had been done by the British Government and
British Minister. When they disclaimed any
idea of violating our laws,'or interfering with our
sovereign rights, the questions in regard to oaths
at criminal court trials ought not to have been
allowed for one moment to make an issue with
Great Britain. She disclaimed it; so did her
minister. Whether that disclaimer was true or
false, the national honor was satisfied, and the
question ought to have remained there. Such is
my judgment,
Mr. PRATT. There is one fact which I wish
to state, which I think href not been alluded to
by others, namely: that the letter of apology on
the part of the British Government is dated after
the peace lately established between the Powers
of Europe. Then, whatever may have been the
state of affairs at the tune when the offense was
given, England was certainly relieved from all
expectation of difficulty with any European
Power at the time when she made this apology
which has been admitted by our Government to
be acceptable. The offense charged was, that
she attempted to enlist soldiers while engaged in
a war with a Government with which we were
at peace. Her Government has, in a letter dated
the 30th of April, since peace has been estab-
lished in Europe, disclaimed any intention of
violating the law, of the violation of which we
complain. Our Government say this is entirely
acceptable to them. I concur, then, with the
Senator from Georgia, and others, in saying that
I think it was beneath the dignity of this Gov-
ernment to turn off the mere agent of the British
Government, who has made a similar disclaimer,
when the British Government itself is relieved
from all responsibility.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it is the tendency
of the human mind to differ on facts as they are
presented, to draw different inferences and differ-
ent conclusions. The honorable Senator from
Georgia construes the enlistment laws in a man-
ner very different from that -in which I con-
strue them, and in which they have been con-
strued by the federal courts. It is a breach of
those laws, as 1 understand them, not only to
engage persons to enlist, but to offer inducements
for a man on American soil to leave it and go on
a foreign soil to enlist in a foreign service. The
Senator from Georgia says he does not under-
stand this to beany violation of law; in fact, lie
went so far as to say that if the British Minister
had set up a proclamation here on the Capitol,
under his own name, informing persons in the
United States, that if they would go into the
adjacent British dominions they would be enlisted,
it would have constituted no violation of the
neutrality laws. I take issue with the Senator
from Georgia, but I shall not go into the argu-
ment. I understand.that the Federal court at
Philadelphia decided the direct opposite. I cer-
tainly should have so decided if I had been in the
court. I apprehend that, when the correspond-
ence is examined, the facts will be found to be
substantially these: the British Ministerat Wash-
ington undertook to construe our laws for him-
self, and to determine what acts he could do and
what acts he could not do in reference to them.
His opinion is, that what he did, did not contra-
vene our laws. Our courts have decided that it
did contravene them, and ourGovermjienthas so
decided. If the fact be that he did violate out-
laws, he ought not to remain, and he has been
dismissed in consequence of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is there any question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
for printing extra numbers of the correspondence
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. My colleague on the
committee [Mr. Johnson] and myself have con-
sulted upon the matter, and, as the document is
one of great interest and importance, we have
agreed to leport at once in favor of printing ten
thousand extra copies.
The report was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 29, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday wasreadandapproved,
ASSAULT ON ME. SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, presented the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Jlesolred, Tlj.it tin* select eouinntree appointed, under the
resolution passed mi tin1 "iM day ot' tin- month, to investi-
gate the mattet ot' the alleged ;i>--;iii!t on the Hon. f :n
hr.mnrii by the Hon. Puks-ron s. Brooks, a member ot ihe
Ita'P, lnny present the.r lepoi t, or leport^, with the join -
na! ot then pioeeemniis find the testimony, at any time
when the House is m -e.-sion, and thereupon the same f-hail
: be laid upon the Speaker's table and printed.
I VINCENNES AND DUBUQUE LAND OFFICES.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which Senate bill
(No.!217) to continue the land offices at Vincennes,
Indiana, and also at Dubuque, Iowa, and to as-
certain and adjust the titles to certain lands ill I he
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included
within the Vinccnnes land district, was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr.BRENTON. TosnvMhetimrofthoHouse
in reading the bill, I will state that the first pro-
vision of the bill is simply to revive, for one
vear, an act of the last Congress which expired by
limitation. I will state further, that a similar bill
has been before the Committee on Publio Lands
of this House, which has been reported back, and
now stands upon the Calendar of the Committee
of the Whole. The Seriate have passed this bill,
and attached to it a provision in reference to a
land office at Dubuque. The object of the first
provision of the lull will be seen by examining
the reports of the Secretary of the Treasury and
of the Commissionof of the General Land Office
in relation to it. It is simply that the land office
in Vmcennes shall continue in existence long
enough to have all the claims investigated which
have been existing there for the last fifty or sixty
years, involving the titles to land throughout the
whole extent of country embraced in the land
district. The provision in reference to Dubuque j
is rendered necessary, I believe, for this reason, j
that the receiver of public moneys at Dubuque is j
the receiver general of all the public moneys in
that section of country, and it is therefore import-
ant that the receiver at Dubuque be continued ill
office for the present.
These are the objects, as I understand, of the
bill. They are purely local in their character.
They are designed to accomplish the purposes
which I have mentioned. Thatpartofit relating
to the Vincennes land office expires within twelve
months. It not only affects the interests of the
people of Indiana, but of the people throughout
the whole extent of that country. Its object is
to settle the titles that have been in controversy
there for the last fifty years. The whole country
is interested in it. I can see no reason, therefore,
for delay, or why it should not be properly acted
upon now. At the time the commission expired
under the former law, there were, as reported by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, two
hundred and twenty cases standing on the docket
undisposed of. This bill is simply to continue
that commission for the purpose of investigating
these cases; and when they will have been inves-
tigated, and the reports made to the Department,
the law ceases. All this can be done within
twelve months. If not, the law itself expires. I
see no necessity for continuing debate upon the
bill, and think the bill should be passed at once.
The business to be attended to is of such a char-
acter as that it should not be delayed.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know anything
about this Vincennes land office; but I know this,
that as to the section providing for keeping the
land office open at Dubuque, it is just about as
necessary a thing, after the action of the House,
as to put a fifth wheel to a wagon. The House
has already undertaken to give the most princely
donations of lands to Iowa for railroad purposes;
and after all that is done it is now proposed to
burden the Government with the expense of keep-
ing open the land officc there, while there can be
no advantage derived from it except to those offi-
cers who draw their salaries m connection with it.
Mr. BRENTON. The object,as I understand,
for the continuance of the land office at Dubuque,
is not so much to benefit the country on the sub-
ject of public lands; but the receiver's office there
is the place of deposit for all the public moneys
paid in that portion of the country. It is really
one of the sub-treasuries. If that office be vaca-
ted, then there must be one established in a dif-
ferent direction . Butwhile the office is continued,
the receiver continues to discharge those duties
in addition to such as he may be required to per-
form as receiver of the public lands. That is the
object which, as I understand, the Senate designed
to effect.
Mr. LETCHER. The amount of it is just
t this: that you are to keep open a land office with
| all the paraphernalia, and pay all the salaries, for
j the purpose of keeping up a depository for the
public money. It seems to me that the public
I moneys deposited can be taken care of by one of-
' ficcr, as well as by the set of officers which it will
! be necessary to have if you keep open the land
I office. I think that the least the House can do,
; after giving away the public lands, is to shut up
1 the land office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that the bill is a very proper one—
paiticularly the section that is objected to by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] It
simply proposes to authorize the President, if he
deems it expedient, to keep open the land offices
at Vincennes and Dubuque for a longer period
than that which the law now directs. The law
now requires that, .when the public lands shall
have been entered up till there are less than one
hundred thousand acres, the land office shall be
closed there. There are special reasons, how-
ever, why the land office at Dubuque and some
other offices should be kept open, even when the
amount of land remaining is less than one hun-
dred thousand acres. If is well known that a
very large quantity of land has been entered
under the graduation law. in the Dubuque land
district sev erul hundred thousand acres have been
i so entered. In the district in which I reside,
I four hundred thousand or fi ve hundred thousand
! acres have been entered under the graduation
law. A very large number of these entries are
contested. They are virtually hung. up. They
are not patented, nor will they be—many ofthem
perhaps—for some months. In themean time the
public lands may be reduced-, so far as the records
