134*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
of the office show, to a less quantity than one
hundred thousand acres. But suppose it should
happen that these graduation entries are not con-
firmed, as possibly they may not, they will then
be thrown into market; and they will thus make
the public lands in market over one hundred
thousand acres.
There is another reason why the land office
should be kept open in this district. Many mat-
ters of testimony have to be taken in cases of
graduated entries. The proper place to do that
is the local land office. Shut these offices, and
the facilities for taking that testimony are taken
away. I think, sir, that this section of the bill
is a very proper one. I objected on yesterday,
when it was proposed to consider the bill, be-
cause I had not examined the bill. From an
examination made since I am satisfied that the
bill is a proper one.
1 have prepared an amendment, which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be reported. It meets with
the approval of the gentleman from Indiana. It
merely allows the President of the United States
to keep open the land office when the quantity
of public lands falls below one hundred thousand
acres, if he deems it expedient to do so.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
In the following section, after the word*, "State oflowa."
insert the woids, " and the mineral laud office in the ritate
of Wisconsin. "
Snc. 11. nil be it further cnacted, That the President bo,
juui he is heiebv, authorized to continue tfie oilice for
Hie Dulmque land di^tuct, in the .State of Iowa, tor such
length of time a*., in lu?> opinion, the public interest* may
inquire, and noiwiMiMaudmg the public lands remaining
undisposed ot withm the limits of said district may be re-
duced to less than one hundred thousand acies.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, I hope there
will be no discretion left to the President of the
United States in regard to this matter. If a ma-
jority on the other side of the House are determ-
ined to make this expenditure by keeping these
land offices open, let that majority so direct; but
do not let those gentlemen give this matter to the
President, and then say that the responsibility is
not on them, but on him. I am in favor of it for
another reason. There is a majority in this
House who have carried these railroad measures
through. I desire, inasmuch as that majority are
advocating these additional expenditures, that the
fact shall go forth to the country that they are
responsible for the increased expenditures of the
Government, and for a wholesale squandering of
the public land.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Speaker, lam sorry amend-
ment is proposed to the original bill. It woultP
not be done, I am sure, if gentlemen were fully
aware of the importance of the speedy passage
of this measure to the people of my district, and
to a large part of the State south of it. I do not
object to amendments, however, if it be necessary
for other sections of the country.
I am satisfied the gentleman from Virginia
would not press his objection, Mr. Speaker, if he
were cognizant of the facts in this case. The last
Congress created a court, or commission, for the
determination of old land titles, which have been
in a condition of uncertainty for fifty years.
Those titles can only be settled by that or some
other commission, in the way proposed by the
bill. There are on its docket some two hundred
cases,and they have all been suspended by limita-
tion ofthclaw. Testimony has been partly taken.
Parties have incurred expenses, and all this will
be for naught, unless a continuation be mjide for
the space of a year, or so longas may be Actually
necessary. It will be a great hardship for our
people to go for the transaction of the business
relating to their land titles, to Indianapolis, to
which the land office has been transferred.
Gentlemen do not understand the condition of
those land titles. They are old locations, old
donations, and old entries, overlapping and cov-
ering each other. They run over five or six
counties. It is impossible to get at them in any
other way than that proposed. My colleague has
stated the difficulty relating to the titles. I do not
object to the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. I hope the amendment and the bill
will both pass. I am willing to leave the matter
to the discretion of the President of the United
States, or to any other of the executive officers of
the Government. I see no other practicable
remedy. I have not voted for the railroad bills
referred to by the gentleman from Virginia; I
have voted with that gentleman. As I have gone
with the gentleman in those cases, I hope now
that he will make no strenuous opposition to this
bill, when it is proposed to leave the matter dis-
cretionary with his own President.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark just here ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. I never make any bargains,
either in regard to this or anything else. I take
my own course, whether it be agreeable to my
friends or opponents.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the gentleman to make
no bargain. He referred to the responsibility in
this matter, and the railroad bills. 1 merely state
that I am willing to leave a discretion in this mat-
ter with his own party. I hope that they have
discretion enough. I know that they have ability
sufficient. 1 have confidence enough in their
honesty. I leave the subject where the law leaves
it. I do not believe that the gentleman's party
will squander the public money unnecessarily in
this case; and they have no opportunity by this
means if they desire to.
Mr. SANDIDGrE. I wish to say a word on
this subject. There is not a gentleman from a
land State who docs not know that by operation
of law the issuance of patents for hundreds and
thousands—ay, millions of acres sold under the
graduation act, is now suspended. The purchas-
ers of those lands know that fact—the patents are
not confined. Yet those lands stand on the books
of the land office as sold; and in this way it is
that the amount of lands in districts falls below
the one hundred thousand acres, and the land
offices arc discontinued. Then, instead of giving
the proofs, &c., demanded by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office near to the place of
entry, they arc compelled to go off hundreds of
miles for that purpose. I hope, then, that those
who have of late talked so much about the in-
terest of the settlers, \v ill vote for this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. * I think that this
bill should go for examination and discussion to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The ninth section of the bill is as fol-
lows:
Sr:e\ 9 Jlntl he it further enacted, That the commissioner
appointed uiidei this act by the President shall leeeive, as
a full eompon>cition foi his services, a Hilary at the rate of
$3,000 p'.'i annum, pajablo quatteily out of the Tiea-my;
and the legi^ter and icceiver shall receive Mich coinpen-a.-
tion foi their mji vices under tins act a> may be ju>t and
proper m the di&cietiou of the Commissioner of the Geneial
Land Office.
This bill, then, creates a commissioner, who is
to receive a salary of $3,000 per annum. Tt also
continues the register and receiver at that land
office; but it does noLprescribc the compensation
they shall be entitlctrto. It only says, that they
shall receive such compensation as the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall deem right
and proper. The salaries of registers and receivers
throughout the country arc fixed by law; and I
do not see why an exception should be made
here, and the salaries allowed to be fixed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. Sir,
ho is not limited by the present compensation,
which the law provides shall in no case exceed
§3,000 to a register or receiver. I believe, sir,
that the present law provides that the register and
receiver shall each receive $500 salary, and, in
addition to that, two per cent, upon the amount
received at their office—being one per cent, to
each officer—and that the fees and salaries shall
not exceed $3,000.
Sir, at the land offices in districts where all, or
nearly all, the lands are entered, these officers, are
to be continued, and not Continued at the com-
pensation paid at other land offices, but their com-
pensation is to be hereafter fixed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, without any
limit at all. Whatever the Commissioner in
his discretion thinks proper to allow them, he
is authorized, under that section, to determine
that they shall receive.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to inform the House what
salary is paid by the State of Indiana to its Gov-
ernor.
Mr. JONES. I do not know what the amount
is.
_ Mr. FULLER. I would propound the ques-
tion to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. Fifteen hundred
dollars a year. It will be recollected that durinS
the Thirty-Third Congress, there was a bill
passed by which a commission was created for
the purpose of adjusting the land claims m the
Vincennes land district. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] states that the commis-
sioner receives three thousand dollars per annum.
I submit to that gentleman whether the sum of
three thousand dollars is too large to compensate
a commissioner skilled in the law, whose duty it
is to examine titles to land,and to make a report.
But the position which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee occupies is based on an error as to facts
in regard to registers and receivers. The salaries
of these officers are fixed by law; and all that
this bill proposes is to allow them extra pay for
extra services in adjudicating titles, where a con-
flict arises between claimants and occupants. It
proposes that, for extra services performed in
investigating the rights between the claimants of
the lands and the occupants, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office shall be authorized to
allow such compensation as he thinks those ser-
vices demand. Will any gentleman—can any
gentleman—can even the gentleman from Tenn-
essee, with all his regard for economy—a repu-
tation which he has earned by years of vigilant
guardianship of the public Treasury, (and, let
me add, a reputation of which any member ought
to be proud,)—can he deny that this is just and
fair ?
The reasons for the creation of the commis-
sion are these: The act of Congress of 1791
provided for " granting lands to the inhabitants
and settlers at Vincennes and the Illinois country
in the territory northwest of the Ohio, and for
confirming them in their possessions." It further
provides that all persons who enroll themselves
in the militia, and perforin militia service, shall
be entnled to a bounty of one hundred acres.
Now, in order to get these titles settled and con-
firmed, the Government has created this commis-
sion; and, for that purpose, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office has recommended the
passage of this bill to get rid of the trouble of
having certified copies sen I, down to the courts of
justice, and because such a measure is indispens-
ably necessary to secure an adjustment of these
land claims.
With this explanation, I think the House is
prepared to vote, and I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question being upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. SCOTT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Evans, and
Washburn of Maine, were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair before that vote is taken. It is
whether, under that section of the bill which re-
lates to the salary of the commissioner, this bill
does not make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The ninth section of the
bill will be read.
The section was again read.
Mr. MILLER. There is no appropriation
there. It simply sets out the amount.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that it not
only fixes the amount of the salary, but directs
its payment, at stated periods, out of the Treas-
ury.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has expressed
the opinion heretofore, and repeats it, that the
language of this bill will not justify the payment
of the salary. An appropriation is necessary oil
the part of Congress before the salary can be
paid.
The tellers then took their places, and the ques-
tion being put, the tellers reported—ayes 'i0,noes
43.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question was put on the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I now
offer my amendment, and call for the previous
question on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to have that
bill read ? It has never been printed m the House,
