606
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
of qualifications for membership." This same
doctrine is embodied in the protest of the expelled
members. And undoubtedly this exclusive power
docs reside in the Governor or Legislature, and not
elsewhere, and, if so, in the language of the court,
" constitutes him the sole and. exclusive judge of
the existence of those facts," which he now pro-
poses 've should investigate.
In this case, a stronger one than that of Kan-
sas, iifis adjudged that the power to decide which |
is the legal Government is necessarily with the J
President when he is called upon to act, "and
must therefore be respected and enforced in its
judicial tribunals." This the President has done
in his proclamation of the 24th January, 1856.
And shall this House, not Congress, interfere
with a power "conferred upon him by the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States?" And
shall this House alone " call witnesses before it,
and inquire which party represented a majority
of the people," when the courts of the United
States directly refuse to do so?
But we have some striking precedents bearing
upon this question in former contested elections,
and at times much more auspicious to calm and
dispassionate inquiry than at present. In the case
of John Biddle and Gabriel Richard vs. Austin
E. Wing, Delegate from Michigan Territory, the
Committee of Elections of this House report as
follows:
'■Mr. Richard rests bis claim to the seat on grounds
which, to the committee, appear entirely novel; and as they
do not at all interfere with any of the matters in contro-
versy between the other candidates, will be flrsc examined.
He does not pretend that he has received the greatest num-
ber of votes that were actually given ; but that he would
have received the greatest number of votes had not his
friends, at the election holden at the city of Detroit, been
intimidated from voting, by reasou of the interference of
deputy sheriffs and constables, who, it is alleged, under
the pretense of keeping the peace, struck several persons
on the liead, and by that means prevented them and many
others from voting for Mr. Richard. The committee are of
opinion that the duty assigned to them does not impose on
them an examination of the causes which may have pre-
vented any candidate from getting a sufficient number of
votes to entitle him to the seat. They consider that it is
only required of tliem to ascertain who had the greatest
number of legal votes actually given at the election. An
election is the act of selecting, on the part of the electors,
a person for an office of trust. The inspectors of election
are constituted judges of the qualifications of the electors, i
and exercise, from necessity, a discretionary power; .f they 1
err and reject a legal vote, or an elector from any cause
•hould fail in presenting his vote for their reception, the na-
ture of the case precludes it from entering into the consid-
eration of the general result of the election; unless, indeed,
corruption should appear sufficient to destroy all confidence
in the purity and fairness of the whole proceeding. It is
properly a question between those officers and the injured
party; and the lam of the Territory, in this case, make
ample provision for guarding the purity of the election, and
for the punishment of offenses against the rights of the
citizens in that respect. In case of the application of the
'* * * " _...J  • 1
contrary doctrine, the greatest uncertainty'must necessarily
prevail; and should it be established, it would be placing in
the hands of a few riotous individuals the power ofdefeating
any election whatever.5' 5
Can anything be more apposite? And yet this
report was adopted by the House,and the sitting
member retained his seat.
• Af®"1' *n '^e c?8e. of Abraham Trigg es. Fran-
cis Preston, of Virginia, the committee report:
. " Captain William Preston, brother, and agent at
the election, of the sitting member, was quartered at Mont-
gomery court house with about sixty Or seventy Federal
troops, of which he had the command ; that on the day of
election the said troops were marched in a body, twice or
three times, round the court-house, and paraded in front
. °®!e t0'the door thereof; that, towards the close
oilhe election, the said troops were polled generally in flavor
member) but their votes were put down on a
attcr the election'« the comparison
retiirn&o remclivu counties, were rejected by the
Sln Siit ! som?of thein «h* tened to beat any
shol"d Iote m favor of the petitioner; that one
 == J* and knoc*ed down a magistrate who
fltThedMr1^ .hV wid«lection! that three soldiersstood
?l the d<*" of the court-house, and refused to admit a vot# r
because he declared he would vote foMhe wSner ^ tl,Yt
f?ije People were dissatisfied with the' con-
ation b4w8een,ethe,^Hh prod"c«d *lterca«™  at the
Election Between the soldiers and the countrv neonle thr 
former being generally for the sitting member. InWe latter
petitioner, and terminated in a violent affray between
them after the pol was closed; that some of the soldfers
being afterwards interrogated why they said thev would
beat any wan who voted for Trigg, replied, ' They who are
bound must obey;' that, though it is doubtful whether anv
of the soldiers were armed at the court-house, vet it anoears
that at the time of Hie affray, after the election Oantefn
?.roesl°" bad a sword and a dagger, and that, when the sol-
diers, being overpowered by the country people, retreated
to their barracks, some guns were fired by the soldiers
towards the country people." soioiere
Upon this strong cast the committee recom-
| mend a new election, but the House permitted the
sitting member to retain his seat, and this, not-
withstanding the armed interference which might
i have affected the result.
! In the face of all this authority , not a case has
;; been or can be adduced against it—not one; not
! one that shows either a precedent or a right, under
j our admitted power to look into the "elections,
j returns, and qualifications" of members on this
| floor, to inquire into the legality of the law of the
j State or Territory under which such elections may
This being the law of the case, I ask the House
—(and I must necessarily pass over much I de-
signed to say by reason of my limited time)—
what it wants with persons and papers ? Is it
wanted to prove the invalidity of the Legislature
by parol testimony, in face of the solemn record?
We must have a beginning; we must have some
starting point, from the very necessity of the case.
There is no proof necessary for the seal of the
United States; or the Constitution; or the laws
we pass; or that I or you, Mr. Speaker, live; or
the calendar; or the numerals; or the alphabet,
I and many other concessions without which pro-
gress would be hopeless. You must assume, as
far as this House is concerned, that the Legisla-
ture of Kansas was rightfully convened, and law-
fully elected; and that they acted in conformity
with their organic act. There is no rightful es-
cape from this conclusion. It is not pretended
that General Whitfield is notqualified, and did not
receive a large number of legal votes, while not
one was cast against him. I ask, then, why send
for persons and papers?
I must hasten on. Allow me to ask, Mr.
Speaker, who are the people of Kansas ? Gen-
tlemen on the other side talk as though they
represented that people. Where are they to be
found ? In the tremendous vote given for Whit-
field on the 29th of November, 1855. They are
to be found in the votes by which an overwhelm-
ing majority of members of one particular opinion
were sent to the Legislative Assembly. They
are to be found in the election of last October,
when General Whitfield ran, and was elected
without a competitor. But gentlemen say, if we
have the majority, why do we not go into an
investigation; that if we are right, why object to
the resolution? My answer is, if they have the
majority, why do tney not enter into a contest at
the elections ? Why do they prefer the 9th instead
of the 1st of October—the day fixed by law?
Why do they not meet the issue with Generai
Whitfield on the day set apart for the election of
Delegate by a statute of the Legislative Assembly
of Kansas? We bow to the majesty of the laws,
repudiating utterly all revolutionary proceedings.
If the election was carried on as has been repre-
sented, why did not they call on the Governor,
or the Executive of the United States, to attend
to the matter? No, they would not do that.
They declined to do so. On the contrary, they
allowed the election to go by default. They
now come forWanl, under an ejection held as a
part of a revolutionary movement, and claim to
hold the seat which General Whitfield occupies.
, At that very session the Legislature of Kansas
i passed a law directing an election to be held for
a convention to frame a State constitution. Why
did not the free-State men, instead of originating
their own unconstitutional proceedings, meet this
people on the proposition embraced in this act
or legislation ? I put the question to gentlemen—
why was it? It was—and I charge it here from
all the evidence which I have before me—because
they knew perfectly well that, if they did, disas-
trous defeat would be their fortune, and they
preferred reliance upon that revolutionary fanat-
icism which they suppose would triumphantly
ride the fleeting hour. This revolutionary move-
~ment did not take place until after Governor
Reeder's removal. When they found that every
authority was against them, they determined to
abandon the obligations which they owed to the
peace and harmony, and, above aft, to the law
of the country.
Having briefly adverted to these things, let me
ask what gentlemen propose ? They do not, of
course, propose to give Governor Reeder the seat,
wu R ProPosition would find little favor here.
What, then, do they propose.  They propose to
send the election back. Suppose that be done—
how, then, is the election to be held ? Will it not
be held under the territorial law? The same
thing is to be gone over. If Whitfield and Reeder
are sent back to-morrow, the election must be
held under the very law under which the election
! has been already held. The election is sent back—
i will the men who have set themselves up as insur-
gents go to the polls ? Oh, no ! That, Governor
Reeder says, would be an inconsistency. What
then? Whitfield will be elected without compe-
tition, and again Mr. Reeder will come here and
contest the election on the same ground that he
does now.
What, then, is to be the end of all this? Will
this House undertake to repeal an act of Con-
gress ? The law stands unshaken, and cannot be
repealed, as is well known. The President has'
fully recognized the existing territorial authorities,
and will maintain them. The free-State men of
Kansas find no countenance except in this Hall
and in the steaming assemblies of fanatical aboli-
tion.
Never was a party so misled and misguided
by its own madness and folly. Relying upon
emigrant aid societies and the assistance no doubt
1 expected here, they have repudiated all recogni-
tion of the territorial Jaws, and undertaken to
establish an independent and antagonistic govern-
ment. The one cuts them off from all influence
in the only lawful government of the Territory
in which tney have settled, and the other makes
them traitors and outlaws; and, literally, there is
no help for them.
[Here the hammer fell, the hour allowed by the
rules having expired.]
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. G. E. PUGH,
of ohio,
In the Senate, May 26, 1856.
The bill to authorize the people of the Territory of Kan
sas to form a constitution and State government, preparatory
to their admission into the Union when they have the requi
site population, being under consideration,
« 7
Mr. PTJGH said: The condition of affairs in
Kansas Territory,for the past year,has been such
as to fill the heart of a patriotic statesman with
unaffected sorrow and alarm. Together, like twin
sisters, that Territory and the Territory of Ne-
braska came into existence, on the 30th of May,-
1854, by virtue of one act of Congress, and with
organizations in all respects the same. In Ne-
braska, so far as we can learn, quiet and order
have prevailed, and the foundations of a prosper-
ous State have been securely established. But
Kansas, almost from the hour of its birth, has
been the arena of conflict, violence, and blood-
shed. These disorders became more intense, as
well as more frequent, from month to month, until
the assembling of Congress in December last;
and at an early period of the session—before the
: House of Representatives had notified us of its
organization—attained a serious degree of import-
ance. The season in which we are accustomed
to celebrate the advent of the Prince of Peace on
earth—when, of old, the angels, in manifest glory,
proclaimed " good will" to all mankind—that sea-
son, so sacred *hnd festal, brought us tidings of
the most terrible character; tidings that discon-
tent had ripened into rebellion, and strife pro-
ceeded to the bitterness of civil war. The prom-
ises of the new year came not to soothe our
anxieties; but, instead, a solemn message from
the President, advising us that all the appliances
of conciliation had been exhausted, and that we
must prepare for an appeal to arms if we would
maintain the supremacy of the laws. And now,
since the last adjournment of the Senate, even
more dreadful reports have reached our ears; and
the ''bloody issue " threatened, as well as foretold,
by the convention which met at the Big Springs,
in September, presses onward to a fiercer stage
and still more frightful consequences. In this
great emergency, Mr. President, each Senator
and Representative of the United States in Con-
gress, ought to regard well his course, and be-
ware, lest through him, our mighty Republic
should come to a fatal and inglorious ruin.
