THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
& Son is one -which they desire to submit to the
Senate as a claim against the Government, and
they are of the opinion that the Court of Claims
have no jurisdiction in their case. I think, there-
fore, that honorable Senators will agree that it is
right and just to allow them to have the opinion
of the Committee on Claims on the subject.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania submit a motion ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Wo, sir, I shall submit to
the sense of the Senate.
The memorial and accompanying papers were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of Sherlock
Fillmore and other citizens of Clarence, in the
State of New York, praying to be allowed addi-
tional bounty land for services in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. -
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, prayingthe adoption of meas-
ures for the adjustment of all international diffi-
culties by arbitration, so as to avoid a recourse
to war; which wag referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of William
B. Carrico and others, watchmen at the Wash-
ington navy-yard, praying to be allowed certain
arrearages of pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of officers
of the Army, praying that the commutation price
of the Army ration may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. I present the petition of
Michael Muss, of California, asking for compen-
sation for outrages committed on him by the
State of Sonora, in Mexico. I do not exactly see
how this Government is liable for outrages com-
mitted there on American citizens; but the Gov-
ernment of Mexico undoubtedly is liable. I move
its reference,in accordance with my instructions,
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, supposing
they will send it to the State Department, where
it will be filed as a claim against the Government
of Mexico.
It was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. REID presented a petition of citizens of
Centre and its vicinity, m North Carolina, pray-
ing for a reduction of the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Cpinmittee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SLIDELLpresented the petition of Charles
A. Soefeld, a pensioner of the United States, pray-
ing for an increase of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH. I jjresent the petition of Na-
than B. Marsh, praying for the appointment of a
committee to examine his invention for ascertain-
ing the nature of the bottoms in deep-sea sound-
ings. A similar petition waspresentod a few days
ago by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bigler,] and was referred to the Committee on
Commerce; I therefore move that this petition be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH also presented four petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying the adoption of meas-
ures for the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific; which were referred to the select committee
on that subject.
Also, the petition of Joseph Dodds, and the
petition of Amos Irvin, soldiers in the war of
1812, praying an amendment of the bounty land
law of March 3, 1855; which were ordered to lie
upon the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of James A. Gordon and others, me-
chanics and laborers at the navy-yard at Wash-
ington, praying for an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Smith Mowrey, Jr., praying for the confirmation
of his title to ccrtain islands on the coast of
Florida; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BIGLER. I present a scries of resolutions
from the Board of Trade of the city of Pittsburg,
in the State of Pennsylvania, relative to the dis-
tribution of public documents. This is an in-
corporated body, and they ask that provision be
made by which they will receive annually the
public documents printed by Congress; and they
suggest that the law for that purpose should be
general, and that all similar institutions—boards
of trade and chambers of commerce—in the vari-
ous cities of the United States, should be favored
with copies of those documents.
Mr. SUMNER. To what committee does the
Senator propose to refer those resolutions? I
inquire, because I have already presented one
memorial of a similar character from the Board
of Trade of Boston, which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. BIGLER. Then I shall propose that these
resolutions be referred to that committee.
They were so referred.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of H.
Henry, a captain in the Navy, who has been
placed upon the reserved list, praying to be re-
stored to his former position in the service; which
was ordered to lie upon the table.
Also, the memorial of D. Conner, a captain in
the Navy, who has been placed upon the reserved
list, praying to bo restored to his former position
in the service; which was ordered to he upon the
table.
Mr. FISH presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the petition of A. C. Rhind, praying for
restoration to his former position in the Navy;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of J.
Paul Zantzinger, late a captain in the Navy, who
was dropped in consequence of the recommend-
ation of the late naval board, complaining that he
has been treated with harshness and injustice,
and praying that some suitable provision may be
made for his support; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the paper.-; on'the files of the Senate re-
lating to the claim of Uetaey Whipple, widow of Stephen
Whipple, be refeired to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BRODTIEAD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ehz<* Henley, widow of
John B. Henley, on tlio tiles ot the Senate, be reiened to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, Tli.it ('3*1 us II. MoCormick have leave to with-
draw Ins petition and papein.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mooie & ITaseaH, on the
files ot the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011 Patents
and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate, re-
lating to the claim of Nannie Denman, be refeired to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to withdraw from
the files the petition of A. G. Benson, claiming
damages in consequence of the action of the Gov-
ernment in reference to certain guano islands in
the Pacific. Tins claim, last yeaf*, was referred,
on my motion, to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who did not act on it. It was referred
to them at a late day, and that, probably, was the
reason for not acting on it. The petitioner in-
forms me that he supposes the proper reference
to be the Committee of Claims, and it is proposed
by him that it shall take that direction. I there-
fore move, if there be no objection on the part
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, that the
papers be withdrawn from the files and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a petition praying !
for the continuation of the harbor at Michigan
City, Indiana, reported a bill for continuing the
improvement of the harbor at Michigan City;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. i
He also, from the same committee, to whom !
were referred a bill making appropriations for the }
improvement of the harbor of Dubuque, Iowa, :
and a bill to continue the improvement of the
Tennessee river, reported them back with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to continue the improvement
of the harbor at Vermilion, Ohio, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Zadock Thompson, praying for compensation for
his services in preparing a historical sketch of
the State of Vermont to accompany the census
returns, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Zadock Thompson; which was
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
He submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following bills; in which they re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1857; and
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions for the year ending
30th of June, 1857.
Also, that they had passed the joint resolution
of the Senate providing for the final adjustment
of certain cases of appeal from decisions made by
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department; and Senate bill to admit to register
or enrollment the schooner Zadock Pratt.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. ADAMS. I introduced, a few weeks ago,
a bill to amend the naturalization laws, which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It may not be reported back for some time to
come, and under our rules it will not be printed
until they shall report on it. I am receiving many
applications for information as to the provisions
of the bill; and in order to have it before us, I
move that the bill be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PENITENTIARY PUNISHMENT.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 6) relating to punishment in the
penitentiary, to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. I ask for its
consideration now, and I will explain the object
of the bill. It merely provides for conferring on
the United States courts, in sentencing a person
convicted of crime to hard labor in the peniten-
tiary, the power to sentence him to any peniten
tiary in the State in which he is convicted, with-
out regard to the fact whether it is in the judicial
district in which the court sits or not. It is ne-
cessary in the particular States to which it is in-
tended to apply. I hope it will now be considered
and passed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committtce of the Whole,
It proposes to enact, that where any judicial dis-
trict has been, or may hereafter be, divided, the
circuit and district courts of the United States
shall have power to sentence any one, con
victed of an offense punishable by imprisonment
and hard labor, to any penitentiary within the
State, though it may be out of the judicial dis-
tiict in which the person is convicted. It pro-
vides for authorizing the United States courts in
the northern districts of Ohio and Illinois to
transfer to the penitentiary of their respective
States any prisoner, or prisoners, who may now
be confined in jail in their districts for peniten-
tiary offenses.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
COURT TERMS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. TOUCEY. A bill was some time since
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
regulating the terms of the circuit court in the Dis*
trjet of Columbia, and to accelerate the progress
of business m that court, which will give rise, I
think, to no debate. It has been unanimously
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. 1
ask that it may be taken up, and passed at this
time.
The bill (S. JSTo. 129) was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to confer on the circuit court of this
District, power* by rule of court, to regulate the
