1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
These reflections indicate with sufficient clear-
ness the path I shall endeavor to tread. And it
is rather to my constituents, for my own sake,
that I now proceed to declare the conclusions,
both of law and fact, in reference to the general
question, at which I have deliberately arrived.
And first in order, I come to the substitute
offered by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] to the bill reported by the Committee
on Territories. That proposes the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State, upon the con-
stitution adopted by the convention of delegates
which assembled at Topeka on the 23d of Octo-
ber last. To this, sir, I have two preliminary ,
objections, and each of them is insuperable: i
1. I do not believe that the Territory contains ;
more than twenty-four thousand inhabitants; and
not that number, certainly, if one half the accu-
sations made by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] in his speech, some weeks
ago, be true. The votes given at the regular elec-
tion for a Delegate in Congress, last fall, together
with those which Andrew H. Reeder pretends
to have received, on the second Tuesday of Oc-
tober, amount to some six thousand; and as the
inhabitants are chiefly men without families, or
men who have left their families in the States
whence they emigrated, I consider it a liberal
estimate—and, indeed, an extravagant one—to
■ay that the population is equal to four times the
number of voters. The Senator from Vermont
does not claim, in his report, more than twenty-
five thousand.
To countervail this fact, as far as possible, the
Senator from New York asserts that no specific
number of inhabitants is required, by the Con-
stitution, for the admission of any State. Per-
haps, sir, such a requisite has not been expressed
in terms; but when the Constitution declares,
article first, section second, "the number of
Representatives [in Congress] shall not exceed
one for every thirty thousand, it was intended, I
think, to fix that number as the least constitu-
ency to be allowed for a Representative, except
in the case of an original State, or a State admit-
ted with a larger population, and reduced, by emi-
gration, or some other cause, below the standard.
If this were otherwise, however, I should not
be disposed to admit any Stateflkrith so meager
a population. It would be unjust to New York,
or Pennsylvania, or Ohio, or Virginia, if her vote
could be nullified, in this House, by the vote of
two Senators, representing a less number of in-
habitants, by two thirds and more, than the act
of Congress prescribes for the constituency of a
single member in the other House.
2. The Topeka constitution never was adopted
by the citizens of the Territory, nor even by a
respectable number of them. It did not receive
more than seven hundred and nineteen votes, all
told, in a Territory which contains five or six
thousand legal voters. There is no pretense, in
the papers submitted to us, that the people ever
ratified it. The petitions from Leavenworth,
presented with the constitution, make no such
claim. They intimate, to be sure, that the people
would have ratified it on the 15th of December, if
the polls had been regularly opefied, and the elec-
tion allowed to proceed. Whether this -be so,
or otherwise, I cannot decide; but I am certain
that no ratification—such as the Constitution
itself requires—ever was given. I cannot hesi-
tate to say, therefore, that the " State of Kansas"
is a mere fiction, and its governor, legislators,
judges, et cetera, are but titular dignitaries.
I do not think it worth while, at present, to
urge any other objection; the facts are plain, and
their legal effect is beyond all disputation, or the
necessity of serious comment.
It is next suggested rather darkly in the
"views" submitted by the Senator from Ver-
mont, as a member of the Committee on Territo-
ries, that we should annul, ab initio, the proceed-
ings and action of the late Territorial Legislature.
This would be an extraordinary, and, indeed,
high-handed.exercise of power—one for which
there is no precedent, so far as I can discover, in
)he history of congressional enactments. I must
have a very clear case to warrant me in such in-
terference; and that case must establish, by cer-
tain and unanswerable testimony, these proposi-
tions:
1. That the members of the Legislature, or a
majority of them, were not properly elected.
2. That their acts of legislation are of a char-
acter intolerable to American citizens.
3. That there is no remedy, less violent, for
the evils alleged.
Because, sir, it is a serious matter to avoid, in
toto, a body of statutes under which marriages
have been celebrated, estates distributed, property
acquired, and rights otherwise established. I am
not prepared to say that such an abrogation of
the statutes, ex post facto, would cancel marriages
or divest estates; but it would give rise to many
doubts, and great confusion, uncertainty, and
distress.
The Senator from Vermont has endeavored to
show, in his report and by his speech, that the
Territorial Legislature was—to use his own lan-
guage—a " spurious foreign" Legislature; or, in
other words, that its members were not elected
by the bona Jidt residents and voters. He has
| likewise asserted, that some of the laws which it
: enacted were peculiarly oppressive and tyrannical,
j But I do not discover, in his report or his speech,
or in the speeches of his coadjutors, even a remote
allusion to the last, and, after all, most important
of the requisites I have specified. Let us admit,
for a while, that his accusations are literally true:
is there no redress on this side of revolution ? In
my judgment, sir, there is. A new House of
Representatives will be chosen iii October, and in
one year from that time a new Council. If the
Governor—armed as he now is with the military
power of the Union—should repress invasions or
tumults at the election, and secure to the inhabit-
ants an unmolested right of suffrage, cannot all
obnoxious laws be repealed according to the reg-
ular and accustomed form ?
The Senator declares this impossible,however,
until after the election of 1857; because, he says,
the councilors, already chosen, will resist to the
uttermost the wishes of the other House. I take
such a suggestion to be, upon its face, rather im-
probable; but, as an extreme case, let us imagine
it to be well founded. What then? Is the con-
dition of the citizens of Kansas any worse than
that which has, at times, befallen the citizens of
? How often, sir, have the citizens of
lAa been deceived by the professions of legis-
la^^Tcandidates, and induced to bestow their
confidence only to find it betrayed without scruple,
and themselves bitterly oppressedIt has hap-
pened, and too frequently, in the State of Ohio.
But, sir, neither the citizens of Indiana, nor those
of Ohio, ever dreamed of redress except through
patience, submission for the present, and a change
of rulers in due time. Are the citizens of Kan-
sas so much better, I ask, that we must invent
some unexampled remedy, next to a forcible rev-
olution, rather than exact of them a little for-
bearance ?
But, sir, let us proceed to the other requisites
I have specified, and see if the Senator from Ver-
mont can establish either of them. First, then,
is the question whether the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas was a " spurious," or a valid, Legis-
lature. It seems to be taken as true, in both the
reports submitted from the Committee on Terri-
tories, that in seven districts—represented in the
Legislature by three councilors and nine repre-
sentatives—the election of March 30,1855, was
tumultuous and irregular. We have heard much,
here and elsewhere, of the conduct of certain citi-
zens of Missouri upon the border of Kansas, who
are charged with having invaded the Territory in
organized companies, with arms in their hands,
with music ana banners, and driving the qualified
voters from the polls. When we come, however,
to the specification of all these charges—when we
demand the occasion, the place, the circumstances
—in every instance, so far as I have been able to
discover, the venue is laid in one or another of
the seven districts, or in pome precinct where the
returns of the election were disregarded. That
violence may have occurred elsewhere—that the
right of suffrage may not have been exercised, in
every instance, with as much freedom as it should
have been—that illegal votes may have been re-
ceived, and legal votes rejected—these things,
Mr. President, may have transpired. I cannot
deny the assertion; nor, certainly, can I affirm it.
No testimony to that effect has been produced
here; none has been discovered by the Committee
on Territories, or even by the Senator from Ver-
mont, a member of that committee, who dissents
from the conclusions at which his colleagues
orrived. Neither the House of Representatives,
nor its Committee on Elections, after a delibera-
tion of two or three months, could find any such
evidence; and, as a last resort, an expedient of
the most desperate character, three gentlemen
have been appointed to visit the Territory, well
provided with money and political influence,
armed with unlimited power to send for persons
and papers, in the eager hope of discovering some
j fact, supported by the oath of some person, to eke
out the multitude of assertions so lustily and
recklessly made fora year past in public speeches,
and through the newspapers.
t In this emergency, sir, the faith of the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] soared above all diffi-
culties. He exhorted us to adopt these assertions
as matters of history, and not as matters contro-
verted between rival parties, unsustained by offi-
! cial records, and to be established (if aAll) upon
ii clear and authentic evidence. He compared the
!| assurance of their correctness, derived from the
11 vague declarations ofinterested witnesses, anony-
mous writers, private correspondents, itinerant
lecturers, partisan newspapers, not only with our
assurance that Louis Napoleon is the ruler of the
French empire,- but even—I deplore such a com-
parison—with our assurance that the " Savior of
mankind was once made manifest in the flesh."
Yes, Mr. President, as matters of history, that
was the phrase. How it may have been, sir,
with others upon that occasion, I know not; but,
for my part, I was forcibly reminded of Boling-
broke's bitter apophthegm," All history must be
false!"
The Senator is not alone, however, in this
achievement. Certain members of the Ohio Legis-
lature, with a lofty contempt for particulars, with-
out any regard to the acknowledged sources of
truth or rules of evidence, have comprehended, as-
certained , and decided the whole question. They,
forsooth, knew all about it. Naught, sir, did
they care for the committees, or the commission-
ers, designated in either House of Congress:
their eyes beheld, their ears heard, accurately,
what transpired at the distance of more than a
thousand miles. And they seem to have post-
poned the transaction of their proper legislative
business, deferred the performance of their own
duties to another year, in order, graciously, to
" instruct" my colleague and myself, as well as
twenty-one members of the other House, and the
Governors of all the States in the Union, how to
solve a disputed question of fact. Sir, I believe
the citizens of Ohio will regard cuch behavior—
as I regard it—a mere and empty ebullition of
ptisan zeal.
i repeat, Mr. President, violence may havo
occurred in other districts or precincts than those
specified; but there is no evidence of it, and noth-
ing to render it even probable. When the fact
shall have been established—if it ever can be
established—by such testimony as we ought to
receive in a case of great and solemn interest, I
will be ready to act with some degree of confi-
dence. At present, however, I do not believe
that either a majfcty of the Council, or a ma-
jority of the House of Representatives, consti-
tuting the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, were
unduly elected, or that the Legislature was, in
any sense, a " spurious" one. I should not be
astonished, sir, if some degree of turbulence had
prevailed in every precinct and at every poll.
That would only be in keeping with the course
of elections elsewhere in the United States for the
last eighteen months. None of the scenes de-
picted as having occurred in the seven districts
of Kansas, on the 30th of March, 1855, exceed,
in tumultuous array, or in the other qualification
of banners, music, and fire-arms, the scenes which
transpired at Cincinnati on the first Monday of
April, in the same year. Nor were the conse-
quences, in any respect, more alarming and sor-
rowful. For days and nights together a furious
mob kept that city in almost breathless fear—as-
saulted, time and again, the habitations of inof-
fensive men, feeble women, and helpless children—
and was subdued, at length, by an appeal to
arms, and at the sacrifice of human life. I will
