1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
neriods of holding its terms, to fix their number,
and to alter them from time to time, as public
convenience may require; but at least three terms
are to be held annually. All suits and actions
at law are to stand for judgment or trial at the
next term after process shall be returned " exe-
cuted," unless good cause for continuance be
shown.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. •
Mr. BROWN. I wish to ask my friend from
Connecticut, whether it is quite certain that the
terms of the court will be so specifically fixed
under this bill that the public will always be ad-
vised of the time when the court is to sit? The
law now designates the time when the court is to
meet; everybody has notice of it; but when it is
merely fixed and altered, as this bill allows it to
be, at the will of the judges, it may not be ccrtain,
unless some public notice be given, that the peo-
ple who are interested will be at all- times advised
of the time when the court is going to assemble.
I think there ought to be something more specific
in that respect.
Mr. TOUCEY. There will be no difficulty of
that land at all. It will be a matter perfectly
well known and understood, fixed by rule of
court, and understood by all practitioners. I be-
lieve it is universally thought to be a great im-
provement, to which no one objects.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Mississippi submit an amendment?
Mr. BROWN. If the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has examined this matter, I am not dis-
posed to interpose any difficulty; but it seems to
me that it will make the time when the court sits
exceedingly uncertain, and may give rise to great
embarrassment. I interpose no objection; I only
wish this difficulty to be considered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARGES AGAINST NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
have had under consideration the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, made in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 20th of February,
calling for copies of charges made against Com-
mander Fenaergrast and other naval officers,
which was referred to them. The report is vol-
uminous. No order has been made even to print
the usual number, hut the whole matter was
referred to the Committee on Printing. I am in-
structed by that committee to report in favor of
printing the usual numberfor the use of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. What js the document?
Mr. JOHNSON. A report of the Secretary
of the Navy, in compliance with a call made by
a resolution offered by the Senator from Texas,
• [Mr. Houston,] asking for copies of charges
made against Commander Pendergrast and other
na\ al officers.
Mr. CASS. Has it been the subject of court-
martial?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Texas
can perhaps answer the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the
gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have reported in favor of
printing a document called forth by a resolution
of the "Senator from Texas, relative to charges
against certain naval officers, some of whom were
members of the late board.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on print-
ing the document.
Mr. CASS. I do not know anything about
this matter, but I have a very great aversion—and
I have expressed it a number of times—to con-
stituting ourselves into a court of appeal on
every quarrel between officers. I do not see that
a case is made out calling for our investigation,
and requiring us to put the public to the expense
of printing large masses of documents. I in-
quired before, and have not received an answer,
whether this matter was investigated by a naval
court-martial?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Texas is
the gentleman who called for the information.
Whether he knows what he has called for, or
not, I cannot say; but I suppose the Senator will
be able to give an answer. The Committee on
Printing docs not pretend to be familiar with
naval affairs, and will not undertake to decide as
to what is the appropriate course to be pursued in
regard to such matters. I sought to obtain all
the information possible on this question, but I
have not been able to obtain much from any quar-
ter. The committee were left to wade through a
mass of documents sent to the Senate in response
to a call made by the Senator frem Texas. We
believe it rather too much of a private matter, and
therefore do not report m favor of printing more
than the usual number for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I do not
consider anything a private matter which con-
cerns the public interest of the Navy or Army of
the United States. If the honorable chairman
and members of the Committee on Printing have
not time to examine responses made to calls of
the Senate, so as to determine upon the propriety
or impropriety of publishing them, that is nothing
to me. I called for the information communicated
by this report for the purpose of ascertaining what
course had been pursued on a question of great
moment Ufrtho Navy. The Senate was informed
by the honorable Secretary of the Navy, that the
records of the Department were furnished for the
guidance of the late retiring board in their action.
I wished to obtain, for the enlightenment of the
Senate,such portions of that intelligence as might
affect the subject which has already been, and I
presume will bu more, thoroughly discussed be-
fore this body.
After examining the document, I shall be able
to determine whether it will be proper to publish
a larger or smaller number for the use of the
Senate and the public at large; but, at present, I
shall be satisfied with the publication of the usual
number. There are many channels through which
it can reach the public, if it be important; and in
the course of discussion on the action of the late
board I presume the whole subject will be laid
before the public. It is for the put pose of having
a proper understanding of the questions arising
out of the conduct of the retiring board that I
have made a number of special calls on the Navy
Department for information. In addition to the
call that has been made, which has produced so
much infelicity or trouble to the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, I have a few more to
present, which I will send to the Secretary's de.sk.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the Senator does
not wish to present them now. Let this subject
be fitst disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that
this subject shall be disposed of now.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senate is well awn re
of the latitude of the debate which has taken place
in this Chamber in regard to the conduct of the
late naval board. Senators wish to obtain all the
information that it is possible to acquire m refer-
ence to it. The Committee on Printing, I be-
lieve, have had no part of the subject in charge
heretofoie. Calls are made on the Navy De-
partment by resolutions presented to the Senate
and adopted, no objection being then made to
them, but when answers are received they are
referred to the Committee on Printing. It will
be imposing on them an onerous duty to require
them to determine what particular portions of the
information communicated to the Senate should
be published. The Senator who made the call in
this case does not seem to have examined the
papers on the table, though they were presented
to the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Printing. We should be more than willing that
he should have an opportunity to do so.
I propose, under these circumstances, that the
Senate lay the question on the table for the pres-
ent, in order that the Senator from Texas and
the Senator from Michigan may have an oppor-
tunity to examine the papers for themselves, and
so as to allow the Senator from Florida, who is
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, an
opportunity to examine them before the Senate
order the printing. 1 merely desire to suggest
that it is expecting very much of the Committee
on Printing when they are asked to determine the
propriety and necessity of the publication of
papers like these, which manifestly relate to sub-
jects with which they have no official relations
whatever. I ask that they lie on the table for the
present; and I will say that the Committee on
Printing will be exceedingly glad to have a sug-
gestion from any Senator in regard to the pro-
priety of publishing these papers, and they will
give full consideration to them before they will
again present them for printing.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President  .
The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator to with-
draw it for a moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, this debate
is a commentary on the readiness with which th6
Senate adopts all resolutions without inquiry.
The resolution calling on the Secretary of the
Navy for this voluminous correspondence af-
forded the Senate no information as to what the
correspondence was, or what object was to be
attained by its transmission to us. The reso-
lution was passed instantly. The usual ceremony
of laying it on the table for a day was not ob-
served. The Senator who called for it does not
now seem to know what the correspondence is,
or exactly what he did call for. I have examined
the correspondence; I saw when the call was
made what it would be. You cannot very well
publish one part of it without publishing the
whole, and that whole will strike where Senators
would not have the blow to fall. If you publish
the whole, I think reflections will be made on
gentlemen who have no interest in the controversy
before the Senate, and who should not be lugged
in here in this side-bar manner; but still you
cannot publish one part without giving publicity
to all, and do justice to all parties. I trust, there-
fore, that on this information my friend from
Arkansas will let the whole be published, and
that there will be printed only the usual number
for the use of the Senate. If we want extra copies
we can order them hereafter. *
Mr. JOHNSON. " The infelicity of the feel-
ings of the Senator from Arkansas" would allow
his friend from Texas to examine the papers. 1
do not think he has seen them; perhaps he has
not had an opportunity to see them. If he were
to examine them he might change his opinion.
Mr. HOCSTON. Mr. President, if it is a
laborious task, I think it would be rather onerous
for me to assume it when a division of that labor
can be made. I think it would be most appropri-
ate for the Committee on Printing to ascertain the
import of the contents of this document. I will
move that the usual number be printed for the
use of the Senate, and that will put an end to
this controversy. I have only had an opportunity
of giving the papers a cursory examination, but
enough to satisfy me that the facts contained in
them are important to a proper understanding of
the subject, which has been, and will be, under
discussion in the Senate, and for that reason I
desire that the usual number be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that the Sen-
ator desires to have the papers published now
He does not wish for delay.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I desire that the
usual number be printed at once.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, sir, I shall not move
to lay the question on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the report of the committee ordering the
printing of the usual number.
The report was agreed to.
ACTION OP THE NAVAL BOARD.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer a resolution of inquiry.
If any remarks shall be necessary to explain it,
I am ready to address myself to them. I offer the
resolution, and ask for its consideration now:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Navy send to the
Senate tlie name of every oflicci of the Navy who held a
place on the registn since the 4th of Match, 18.1.3, who could
not or would not perform hisMiaic of Kia duty, and thereby
imposed upon the Department the necessity of requiring
from sonic other officei who wju both able and willing an
extra share of duty. Abo, the names of all captains, com-
manders, and lieutenant's of the Navy who have, within the
period atorcsaid, applied for service at sea or on shoic, desig-
nating the names of the successful applicants and the names
of the icjected; and. a^ (ar as practicable, the reasons for
not giving employment to more officers of the several grades
nfoiesaid.
Also, the names of all captains, commanders, and lieu-
tenant-- of the Navy who have, within the last three years
subsequent to the 4th of March, 1853, declined, when
invited oi ordcied by the Department on sea service or
other duty appropriate to their rank and station in the
Navy, or who, being so appropuately employed, have been
ifliuved fiom such duty at then own request, or at the
rn.jue^t of their friends.
Mr. MALLORY objected to the consideration
of the resolution; and therefore it lies over for
one day, under the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
