2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
lishmeot'of post routes. I move that the amend-
ments of the committee be adopted.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
Mr. PUGH. I move that its reading at length
be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to. The amendments
of the committee were agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole were
concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Mouse of Representatives further insisted on their
amendment to the amendment of the Senate, dis-
agreed to by the Senate, and agreed to the further ,
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two i
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 153) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending 30th of June, 1857; and had
appointed Messrs. Giddings, Faulkner, and
Allison, managers at the second conference on
their part.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
in the chair.) There is a bill before the Senate,
as the Chair understands—the supplementary
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a remark
in regard to that bill. I have been pressing it
until I am entirely broken down. If the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business it will be utterly impossible to act on
that bill. I have been placed m the situation in
which I am, by yielding to my friend from Vir-
finia, to allow him to press other bills, until now
fear it will be impossible to obtain any action
on this bill which, in my judgment, contains
many important provisions. I have amendments
to propose, which have been sent by the Secre-
tary of War to the chairman of the Committee on
MilitaryAffairs of the House of Representatives,
and by him turned over to me. I desire to offer
them. There are many of them important. If
the Senate now go into executive session it will
be utterly impossible for me to get up that bill
again.
Mr. MALLORY. I make the motion to go
into executive session. In reply to the remarks
of the .Senator from California, I will say, that if
we find in executive session that we are occupy-
ing too much time, to the exclusion of thegeneuil
appropriation bills, we can proceedagain to their
consideration. An executive session is necessary
now, and we shall certainly want two more be-
fore we adjourn.
Mr. SLlDELL. I trust this motion will not
be adopted by the Senate. I have made, I know
not how many, ineffectual attempts to get at the
bills from the House on the Private Calendar.
There are some seventy or eighty of them; and
if they are not passed to-night there is no possi-
bility of their becoming laws during this session
of Congress. I believe the greater portion of
them will not lead to discussion at all. Most of
them are just and equitable, and I believe will he
attended with no objection. I regret, very much,
to oppose the motion of the Senator from Florida.
This is the last effort I shall make. The House
have treated us with great courtesy. They have
acted on every bill we have sent from the Senate
of a private character. We have acted on none of
their private bills.
Mr. WADE. I hope that the suggestion of
the Senator from Louisiana will prevail. I know
there are many private bills for the payment of
small amounts, about which there can be no dis-
pute, and they ought to be acted upon. I believe
it might be done in the course of an hour. In
that time we might run through the House bills
to which there is no objection, and I think we
ought to do it. I hope we shall not go into ex-
ecutive session, but proceed to the consideration
of those private bills.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose not more than an :
hour will be necessary for an executive session.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before the question is
taken on the motion of the Senator from Florida,
I wish to add the expression of my earnest hope
that the Senate will indulge that gentleman and
myself with an executive session. It will not last
more than half an hour. I have waited patiently
for the proper time to make the motion, in order
that the business of other Senators might not be
interfered with; and I hppe it will-prevail now,
because this is the time when that business must
be transacted. I wish to have an executive ses-
sion for the purpose of enabling me to offer an
amendment to the bill of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, which is now the last appropriation bill
before the Senate. The executive session cannot
possibly take more than half an hour. I hope we
shall be indulged in it. We must have a quorum
of Senators present to transact that kind of busi-
ness. Ordinary legislative business can be done
with even less than a quorum by the Senate, not
being very particular at this time of night.
Mr. PEARCE. It is now past twelve o'clock
at night. I have charge of one of thegeneral ap-
propriation bills not yet reported to the Senate,
which ought to be reported and acted upon, and
which I think it is likely will give rise to some
debate, and which it is proper, therefore, we
should begin to discuss at once. It is the bill
making appropriation for the transportation of
the United States mails by ocean steamers during
the next fiscal year. It ought to be acted on now.
As for private bills, they do not lose their place
on the Calendar. We can take them up at the
next session. They can wait. The general busi-
ness of the country cannot wait. We must make
appropriations for the support of the Government,
or be derelict in our duty. 1 move, therefore,
that the further consideration of the pending bill
be postponed for the purpose of 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Florida is pending.
Mr. MALLORY. That appropriation bill is
certain to pass. We shall not be in executive
session more than half an hour, and it is for busi-
ness which, if not done now, cannot be done at
all during the session.
Mr. PEARCE. We shall not probably have
a quorum here for half an hour longer, if we now
have an executive session, as very few gentlemen
take an interest in that business of the Senate.
The result will be that we shall find ourselves,
before long,without a quorum, during the consid-
eration of an important public bill, or perhaps we
shall fail to carry it because there is not a quorum.
I know that objection will he made to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the prior orders for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. PEARCE. Cannot we separate the mo-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first mo-
tion is to postpone the bill before the Senate,
with the object ofgoing into executive session.
Mr. MALLORY. I would not move to post-
pone the bill of the Senator from California for
an executive session. 1 do not wish to displace
that bill.
Mr. STUART. By unanimous consent the
motion for an executive session can be made so
as to let the bill stand as it is.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order for me now to
move to lay the supplementary Army bill on the
table'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Delaware, that
there is a pending motion on that bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Does not the motion to lay
on the table take precedence?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to go into executive session.
The question being taken on a division, there
were—ayes 1G, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I move that we adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion for an executive session, resulted
—yeas JB, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tenne^ee, Bipgs, Brodhead,
Butler, Collamer, Foster, Iveison, Jones oflowa,Maliory,
Mason, Push, Reid, Sebastian, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and Yule©—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Clay,
Clayton, Crittenden, Fish, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, James,
Jones of Tennessee, Pearee, Pratt, Slidell, and Weiler—
17.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
316) making appropriations for the transportation
of the United States mail by ocean steamers for
the year ending June 30,1857, reported it with-
out amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House insisted on its disagreement to the 31st,
and receded from its disagreement to the 7th, 20th,
and 30th amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 202) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857.
Also, that the House concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 568) to
establish certain post roads.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to make a report from a
committee of conference on the Army appropria-
tion bill. The committee of conference on the
part of the Senate have met the committee on the
part of the House, on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 153) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1857,
and, after a full and free conference, have been
unable to come to any agreement; and your com-
mittee recommend that the Senate insist on its
amendment, and they ask to be discharged.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. rUGH. Agreeing to the report will not
preclude, us from asking for another conference?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainlynot.
The question is on insisting on the amendment
of the Senate, and discharging the committee of
conference.
Mr. GEYER. We propose to insist, and send
the bill to the House with that vote of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire whether this
is the third committee of conference ?
Mr. CLAY. It is the second.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bigg-;, Bigler, Blight,
Hrodhead, Clay, Crittenden, Douglas, Geyer, Houston,
Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory,Ma>on, Pcaice, Pratt, Pugli, Iteid, Sebastian, Slidell,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jei->ey, Toomb«, and Yulee—97.
NAYH— Messrs. Collamer, Durkee, Fif-h, Foster, Hale,
Harlan, Seward, Tiumlmll, Wade, and Wil&on—10.
So the committee were discharged; and the
Senate insisted on its amendment.
TREATY WITH SEMINOLES AND CREEKS.
Mr. WADE. I move that we proceed to the
consideration of private bills of the House, to
which there, is no objection.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator allow
me to introduce a bill to carry out the treaty just
ratified ?
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will renew my
motion, I will yield to him.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 ask leave to introduce
a bill to carry out the treaty which we ratified in
executive session a few minutes since.
There being no objection, leave was granted;
and the bill (S. No. 462) for fulfilling the stipula-
tions of the treaty with the Creek and Seminole
Indians, of August 16, 1856, was read twice by
its title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senate is aware of
the object of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask the Senate to
