1*856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
allow me to submit a motion in relation to the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill, which has come from the House narrowed
down to a single point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection the bill (H. R. No. 202) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1857, will be taken up. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the House
has agreed to our amendments, with one excep-
tion. They failed in the original bill to appro-
priate $20,000 for the future Legislature in Kansas.
The Senate put in an amendment appropriating
$20,000, not to pay arrears, but for the future.
That is a matter which can be settled at the next
session of Congress in the deficiency bill. For
the purpose of closing the bill, as that is not a
matter upon which we could lose it, I move now
that the Senate recede from that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. That settles the bill.
SUPPLEMENTARY ARMY BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I renew the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] as I promised
to do, to take up the House private bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that there is business before the Senate
which must first be disposed of. Before the mo-
tion can be made, some disposition must be made
of the bill (S. No. 427) which was pending before
the executive session, making additional appro-
priations for the support of the Army.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to lay that bill on the
table.
Mr. STUART. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Colla-
mer, Crittenden, Douglas, Fish, Hunter, Mason, Pearce,
Pratt. Reid, Shdell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and
TrumbuH—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Bigler, Clay, Dur-
kee, Geyer, Harlan, Houston, lverson, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Pu2h, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of
Kentucky, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Yulce—19.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] to strike out of the
ninth section the proviso proposing to increase
the number of officers of the engineer corps of
the Army.
Mr. STUART. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on that amendment, because, if the Senate
decides to reject what the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania moves to strike out, I shall propose to
strike out the remainder of the section.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Biggs, Bigler, Bright,
Brodhead, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Douglas, Fish, Har-
lan Houston, lverson, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pearce,
Pratt, Push, Reid, Siideil, Thomson of New Jersey, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—26.
xAYS— Messrs. Foster, Goyer, Mallory, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Stuart, Toombs, and Weller—8.
So the amendment was agreed.to.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For pav and commuted allowance of sif companies of
volunteers called into the service of the United States m
New Mexico in the year 1855 by Brigadier General Gar-
land. and for forage, transportation, camp and garrison
entupaffe, and incidental expenses, .Stc., $'187,500.
For the expenses uf a spy company called into the ser-
vwe of the United States in New Mexico m 18o4 by Briga-
dier General Garland, §10,590 60.
Perhaps I had better send to*the Clerk's desk
a letter of the Secretary of War explaining this
matter. I def not like to see so large an amount
appropriated without understanding what it is.
The Secretary commenced to read the letter.
Mr PUGH. I move to dispense with the
reading. Let the Senator from California tell us
what it is. It is too late in the session to be
reading papers. .
Mr. WELLER. The amendment itself states
%vhat it is—for six companies of troops called out
by General Garland. The letter is not along one.
Mr. PUGH. We have had a dozen letters
read here. . _
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to hear it. Let
it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department.
Washington, May 10,1856.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receiptor your
letter of the I8th ultimo, inclosing two memorials from the
Legislature of New Mexico asking appropriations for the
payment of militia called out by the acting Governor of the
Territory, in 1852 j also of volunteers called into the service
of the United States by brevet Brigadier-General John Gar-
land, commanding department of New Mexico, in 1855, and
asking for all the information in the possession of this De-
partment on the subject.
In reply, I transmit you extracts from two letters of Brig-
adier General Garland, which contain all that is known
here with regard to the militia called out in 1854.
The six companies of volunteers, which were in the ser-
vice of the United States in 1855, were called out by Briga-
dier General Garland, and I therefore furnish an estimate
of the amount to pay them, and to refund to the quarter-
master's department the amounts paid out for the regular
appropriations for the Army for their expenses.
Subsistence was furnished them, and paid for out of the
appropriation for subsistence for the Army.
The amount required to be appropriated will be—
For pay and commuted allowances $115,000
For forage, transportation, camp and garrison equi-
page, incidental expenses, &c., &c.   72,500
Making.
, $187,500
In connection with this subject. I have to inform you
that, in 1854, a spy company was called into the service of
the United States, by General Garland, the whole cost of
which was paid by the quartermaster's department. The
vouchers for the payment have been suspended at the Treas-
ury for want of an appropriation. The amount of them is
$10,590 60, which I request may bft appropriated, so that
the officers who made the payment may be relieved from
charge, on tins account, on the books of the Treasury.
The two memorials of the Legislature are herewith re-
turned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
' JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Johh A. Quitman, Chairman Committee on Military
Affairs, House of Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until the fourth Monday
in December next. The Senate has barely a quo-
rum here, and the members are jaded down very
much. We have a great deal of other business
to do. The country will not suffer from the non-
passage of this bill now. Any alteration m the
numbers of the Army,or in its regulations, ought
to be the subjectof more deliberate consideration.
I think that is the proper course to take in refer-
ence to this bill, and I make the motion to post-
pone. ,
Mr. WELLER. We are nearly through with
the bill. I hope we shall be able to dispose of it
in a very few minutes.
The question being taken, there -were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn,
(twenty minutes to two o'clock, a. m.)
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion. .
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Durkee, Foster, Hale, Harlan,
Pratt, Pugl), Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—13.
NAYS_Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Biggs, Big-
ler. Brodhead, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Fish, Geyer,
Houston, Hunter, lverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten
nessee, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Reid, bebastian, blidell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and W eller—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that the yeas and nays
be taken on my motion. There was no quorum
voting, and I have a right to have the yeas and
"Ivir. BIGLER. I hope the bill will be post-
P°Mr." ADAMS. I move to lay the bill on the
table, in lieu of the motion to postpone, with a
view to take up the ocean steamer bill. My mo-
tion will cut off debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
ordered to lie on the table.
MAIL STEAMEE BILL.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 31G) making appropriations
for the transportation of the United States mail
by ocean steamers, and otherwise, during the
fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. SEWARD. Are there no amendments
from the Committee on Finance ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. JNo sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the pro-
viso directing the notice to be given for the term-
ination of the extra allowance of the Collins line
of steamers, which is in these words: ,
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy is .hereby
directed to give the notice provided in the first section of
the act entitled "An act to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1852," approved July 22,1852, to terminate
the arrangement for the additional allowance for the trans-
portation of the United States mail between New York <ui(l
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, as therein pro-
vided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the motion to strike out; and they
were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. This is an old subject, well
understood by the Senate, I perceive, and I do not
know that anything I have to say will change the
opinion of any member of this body upon it. If
I recollect aright, this contract will expire by its
own limitation in three years. It is a contract
that has been entered into for the purpose of en-
couraging the proprietors of this line of steamers
to engage in competition with the Cunard line,
owned by British subjects, carrying the mails
between the two countries, which enjoyed a mo-
nopoly and a superiority by the speed and safety
of the vessels on which passengers traveled. It
is known to the whole country, and to the world,
that the object of Congress has been attained;
that the superiority of American merchants in
steam navigation has been successfully estab-
lished. It is known also, that it could not have
been done, and that it cannot be maintained, with-
out this allowance.
If this were a new and an open question, per-
haps the policy of encouraging navigation on the
ocean by steam vessels might be a subject of
debate; but it is, like all measures of protection,
one in which protection on our part is rendered
necessary bv the protection afforded by foreign
Powers. "The British Government pays the CTu-
nard steamers upon a scale sufficient to maintain
them, but not sufficient to maintain them against
the competition of the Collins line, which has
been attained successfully by means of the extra
allowance wkich it is now proposed to stop.
While this superiority, and the advantages con-
sequent upon it, are secured to the United States,
it is known equally well that the proprietors of
these steamships have never received any profits
or dividends from their operations, notwithstand-
ing the liberal allowance which has been made.
It follows, therefore, that if the notice proposed
by the House shall - be given, and this aid shall
be withdrawn, the proprietors of that line must
either continue, at a great loss, to afford to the
public the great advantages they have heretofore
afforded, or they must discontinue their opera-
tions altogether.
I do not know what the result will be. It is
said that the ocean will be navigated, and the
same speed attained at a less cost to us. I am
informed, and believe, that this is erroneous; that
the attaining of a day's superiority in a voyage
across the ocean is accompanied by an outlay
and expense measured by tens of thousands of
dollars for every voyage. Not only themachmery
must be superior, but the amount of coal which
is consumed, and the superior discipline, skill,
competency, and attention of the engineers and.
persons employed enhance the expense very
largely. Congress has often had this subject
before it, and heretofore the Administration has
been understood to favor the policy of discontin-
uing this extra allowance. I am not aware that
they have now recommended this notice to ba
given. If se, I think there is reason for it, and a
reason honorable to them, and honorable to tha
C°It is^known that this line has met with disasters
which have overwhelmed the public with grief,
too deep and too sacred to be spoken of here; and
been to the proprietors sources of embarrassment
and loss. Still, and notwithstanding the fact, that
the principal proprietor, Mr. Collins, has been
bereaved of nearly his whole family, and been
shocked in the transaction of all his business
affairs by the disaster of last year—the loss of a
vessel of great value and great power—he imme-
diately applied himself to the construction of a
new steamer,which will not only be equal m speed
to that which was lost, but which will be supe-
rior to any vessel that has ever yet navigated the
ocean. He was driven to this also by the enter-
prise of the Cunard line, which had erected a
