1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
609
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugk.
Senate.
if you please, that illegal votes were cast, by the
hundred, in these districts: it did not follow, by
any means, that all the illegal votes were given
for the successful candidatea; or that, rejecting
them, the successful candidates had not & clear
majority of legal votes.
If, bv the Kansas organic act, Congress had
conferred upon the Governor (as some suggest)
the power to set aside an election, and order a
new one, Congress would have transgressed its
own authority, and the provision would have
been altogether void. What! Mr. President, arm
one man with a right to unseat councilors and
representatives; give certificates to whoever he
may like; order new elections at his own pleasure!
What is this, I ask, but unlimited and despotic
control of the government? It would not be a
Legislature, sir, that was so constituted. It
would be a mere cabal, not appointed by the peo-
ple, to register the Governor's own decrees. I
grant that, by the twenty-second section of the
organic law for Kansas Territory, the Gov-
ernor was a returning officer—that it was his
duty to receive and canvass the returns of the
first election, and wherever the returns were reg-
ular, upon their face, grant certificates to the
parties thereby appearing to have been elected.
If the returns were informal or irregular in any
material respect, he might, perhaps, refuse the
certificates of election. He was to declare the
result from the official returns made to him, and
not from protests, affidavits, or papers of that
description. He was, to be sure, a judge of the
fact; but the law prescribed what evidence, and
what only, he should receive.
In case of equal votes, in case of death, resig-
nation or vacancy of that kind, the Governor
could order a new election; but he could not
make a vacancy, and then order it to be filled—
whether by a new election, or otherwise. That
power belonged, exclusively and inherently, to
the Council as respected its members, and to the
House as respected its members. " There is no
other body known to the Constitution," said
Chancellor Kent, " to which such a power might
safely be trusted." (Commentaries, vol. 1,
sec. 11.)
Let us take the case, Mr. President, as I have
supposed it. In seven districts, including three
councilors and nine representatives, the election
was not only illegal, but the returns were informal,
and even fatally defective. Governor Reeder de-
clined to give certificates to the parties having the
highest number of votes. I do not complain of
that; but he had no right to order a new election,
either on the 22d of May, or at any other time.
There was a quorum of the members, in each
House, duly elected: he had ascertained that—
declared it—given certificates to the parties. Here,
sir, he should have left the business; and upon
the two Houses, when assembled, was devolved
the task of examining the elections in all the dis-
tricts—not upon the returns alone, but to the full
extent and very matter of fact. I have no doubt,
for these reasons, that the election, ordered by
Governor Reeder, on the 22d of Mhy, was en-
tirely unauthorized and void; arid that it was the
duty of each House, as soon as the Legislature
had been organized, to examine the election of
March 30,1855, in all the contested districts, re-
ject the illegal votes, count the legal ones, and
decide which of the candidates were, in fact,
chosen at that election; or, in case this could not
be ascertained, to annul the election, and order a
new one. Let_ us see, then, whether the two
Houses did any more; whether, as alleged, they
exceeded their right and their duty as a Legis-
lature. On the first day of the session, July 2,
the House of Representatives adopted this reso-
lution:
" That all persons who may desire to contest the seats of
any persons now holding certificates of election as members
of this House, may present their protests to the Committee
od Credentials, and that notice thereof shall be given to
the pereons holding such certificates."
That every legislative body has the power, even
without a contest, to inquire into the right of its
members to their seats, is very clear, and affirmed
by a multitude'of precedents. Nowhere has it
been exercised more frequently, perhaps, than
by one or the other House of the Ohio Legislature.
The Committee on Credentials proceeded,
New Series—No. 39.
under this authority, to examine the case of each
member, as well of those who assumed to have
been elected on the 22d of May, as of those who
had received certificates at the regular (March)
election. What was the result? Out of twenty-
two members present—there were but twenty-six j
in all—the right of fifteen members was affirmed
by unanimous voice. As to the other seven cases,
it would appear, four members of the committee
(out of five) reported, " having heard and exam-
ined all the evidence, touching the matter of inquiry
before them," that the gentlemen who received the
highest number of votes on the 30th of March
were duly elected; or, in other words, counting
the legal votes alone, upon the law and the testi-
mony adduced, the illegal votes did not change or
at all affect the result.
And now, Mr. President, on what pretext did
the fifth committee-man dissent? Did he deny
the fact of election, by legal votes, on the 30th of
March? No, sir, nothing of the kind. Itwasupon
the pretext that Governor Reeder had, by law, j
the final, exclusive, and absolute right to decide i
the election of the members; and as he had set |
aside the choice made in seven districts on the \
30th of March, the House could inquire no fur-
ther. I have shown that this proposition was
not only devoid of authority in the statute, but .
contrary to all the law, written and unwritten,
that ever existed. " It only remains to show, there-
fore, what the claim was, and here I find it, sir,
in the protest of the rejected members:
" We, the undersigned, members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of Kansas Territory, believe the organic act or-
ganizing the said Territory gives this House no power to oust
any member from this"House who has received a certificate
from the Governor; that this House cannot go behind an
election called by the Governor, and consider any claims
based on a prior election. We would, therefore, protest
against such" a proceeding, and ask this protest to be spread
upon the journal of this House."
The
e proceedings in t
of like character.
the Council, I understand,
were
One suggestion more. Whatever speech Gov-
ernor Reeder may have made at Easton, in Penn-
sylvania, or elsewhere, prior to his removal from
office, there is no occasion, when he was called
to act as Governor, that he did not affirm the
title of the Legislature, as a regularly-elected and
constituted body, in all imaginable forms—by
messages, and other appropriate recognitions—
until the day (August 16) wherQie was removed.
He denied the right of the two Houses to adjourn
their session from Pawnee City, and he applied
the veto power several times upon that ground
alone. Certain it is, therefore—until they crossed
the path of his expected fortune, until they re-
moved from his city of Pawnee, on the western
verge of the settlements, to the Shawnee Mis-
sion—the members of the Legislature had no
cause to suspect that he disputed their authority
as rightfully-elected couifcilors and representa-
tives.
That the removal was perfectly legal, as well
as expedient, I do not entertain a doubt; and for
ourselves, at least, no Senator has attached any
importance, thus far, to that topic, on which the
Governor addressed the Territorial Legislature at
such length, and which he made the first pretext
of his disobedience to the territorial laws. You
have on your table, Mr. President, the proceed-
ings of a court-martial by which an officer of the
Army was tried, and dismissed the service, for
lending his influence—such, at all events, was
the charge—to advance the speculation of Gov-
ernor Reeder in the Pawnee military reserve.
On his part, I am forced to conclude, the assertion
of illegality at the March election—except in
the seven contested districts—was a mere after-
thought, and adopted only when his first excuse
had proved to be unavailable.
But, sir, even if we allow that the Council and
the House erred, or acted improperly, in admit-
ting three councilors and six representatives who
had never been elected, what would it matter?
The majority of each House had been rightfully
chosen; and the decision, though erroneous, or
otherwise improper, is final and conclusive in
law. So it is, sir, with the judgment of courts,
and I have known many of them which I deemed
erroneous, and even some which I deemed par-
tial.
The Senator from Vermont suggested, in his
speech, that the admission of the councilors and
representatives for the seven districts robbed the
Governor of his veto power. But that, sir, is a
pure mistake. There were only three councilors,
out of thirteen, in these districts—not one fourth
of the whole number; and, even if they had voted
to sustain a veto message, no different result
would have been attained. But the Senator lays
stress, chiefly," upon the House, inasmuch as
there were twenty-six members in all, and nine
df them (little more than one third) represented
the contested districts.
But, as the Senator from Illinois suggested,
three of these nine were reelected, on the 22d
of May, at Governor Reeder's own election; and
the question turns, really, upon the case of six
members—lesa than one fourth of the whole
number. And, besides, the functions of the
House are at an end; and new members must be
chosen in October.
The veto messages were overruled, in each in-
stance, by votes nearly or quite unanimous, and
none of them were upon questions of any import-
ance except the removal of the Legislature to
the Shawnee Mission.
Whichever way we turn, therefore, the results
of the election in the seven contested districts
made no difference at all. More than threa
fourths of the members in each House were le-
gally entitled to act and vote as members; and the
statutes which they enacted (except in so far as
those statutes may contravene the Constitution of
the United States, or the provisions of the Kansas
act) are as valid and binding as any laws ever en-
acted; and if there be one obnoxious to the objec-
tion just excepted, in whole or in part, the courts
are open, and all persons aggrieved may there
find redress.
Mr. President, even if the case were not thus
irrefutable at every point, no justification could
be made for the course pursued by Governor
Reeder and his associates at the convention of
the Big Springs, and afterwards at Topeka. The
two Houses which assembled at Pawnee City, and
thence adjourned to the Shawnee Mission, con-
stituted the Territorial Legislature of Kansas de
facto, even if the election of March 30, 1855, had
been irregular and illegal in every precinct. Not
by an appeal to Sharpe's rifle, or any arbiter of
that description, can questions of title or legal
right be settled The acts of an officer de facto,
whether elected or not, are valid, and, as respects
the public, are conclusive. Whilst I had the
honor of occupying a seat in the Ohio Legisla-
ture, six or seven years ago, thousands of the
people believed — erroneously, sir, of course—
that I had never been elected. Many of the stat-
utes enacted at that session were passed by a
majority of one vote, and the vote was my own.
Judges and other officers were elected by the
decision of my vote; but I never heard that any
man disobeyed the judges or resisted the statutes,
because he believed that I had no right to vote
for the one or the other.
I repeat, sir, that the acts of an officer de facto,
whether executive, legislative, or judicial, are not
only valid, but, as respects the public, are con-
clusive. This doctrine has been announced, time
and again, by the courts of England and Amer-
ica: it has been established, beyond all dispute,
for more than two hundred years. (The State
ts. Ailing, 12 Ohio Rep., 16. Scovil vs. the city
of Cleveland, 21 Ohio Rep., 126. The People
vs. Hopson, 1 Denio,574. Greenleaf vs. Low, 4
Denio, 170.)
I have already noticed the suggestion, that
certain statutes enacted by the Territorial Legis-
lature are intolerable, and that Congress should
interpose, in some manner, to prevent the oppres-
sion thereby threatened. The preamble of the
resolutions, adopted by the Ohio Legislature,
affirms that "such restrictions" have been im-
posed " upon the right of suffrage, at future elec-
tions, as will exclude the opponents of slavery
from the polls." If the " opponents of slavery '
are those only who disregard the obligations
of the Constitution of the United States—who
live under our beneficent form of Government,
and enjoy all its advantages, but refuse to ac-
knowledge its authority, or submit to its laws—
then, perhaps, they are excluded from the right
of suffrage in Kansas, as they might well be
