1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
meet on Monday, and then adjourn for three days
more.
Mr. JONES. I would remind the gentleman
that, m the instance which he refers to, the prop-
osition was a different one from that which he
now makes. It was that the House adjourn to-
day to meet to-morrow morning at eight o 'clock,
and then to adjourn for three days; but there was
no order to adjourn over for three days more, and
then on the meeting on that day to adjourn for
three days again.
The SPEAKER. With the leave of the House,
the Chair will request the Clerk to report a reso-
lution that was heretofore adopted on this subject.
The Clerk read the resolution referred to. It
resolved that, when the House adjourns on
Wednesday, the 33st of May, it adjourn to meet
on Thursday, the 1st of June, at eight o'clock,
a. m., and then adjourn to meet on Monday fol-
lowing, and then adjourn to meet on Thursday,
June 5; and that the Doorkeeper be instructed
to renovate and refit the Hall for the summer
season.
Mr. JONES. There was only one order then,
which was to adjourn from Wednesday to next
morning, at eight o'clock, and from Thursday
to the succeeding Monday; but we cannot make
tin order to adjourn from Thursday of next week
to the following Monday, for in that way wc
could adjourn for three months.
The i&PEAKER. Objection being made by
the gentleman from Tennessee, the proposition
of the gentleman from North Carolina will not
be entertained.
Mr. HAVEN. Of course the gentleman from
Tennessee is right. We cannot adjourn any
more than he conceives we can. But, what I
desired to know was this—if it was the unani-
mous understanding here that no business be
done next week; for, if so, there are many gen-
tlemen who would not return here before Sunday
week, so as to be here ready for business on
Monday. I, for one, am ready to stay—if that
be the general desire of the House—and to be
ready to answer to my name if there be a call of
the House any time next week.
Mr. BARK3DALE. I supposod that it was
tmderstood on all sides of the House, that no
business was to be done next week.
[Cries of u Certainly." " That is the under-
standing. n]
The question was taken on Mr. Barksdale's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the House agreed to adjourn over to Mon-
day.
MINT REPORT—EXTRA COPIES.
Mr. CADWALADER. I move that one thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the Director of
the Mint be printed for the use of the Director.
Referred to the Committee on .Printing.
ANSON DART.
Mr, STEPHENS. I ask that the House, be-
fore adjourning, will dispose of the private bills
on the Speaker's table, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
There being no objection, an act (S. No. GO)
for the relief of Anson Dart was taken up.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to debate that bill.
, Mr. STEPHENS. Then let it go over.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN DELAWARE.
Mr. GALLOWAY, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the Judici-
ary hill ( S. No. 232) to change the place of hold-
ing the courts of the United States in the district
of Delaware; which was read a third time and
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. GALLOWAY, from the same committee,
reported a bill changing the time of holding the
district courts of the United States atWythe-
vilie, in the western district of Virginia; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to offer a substitute
for that bill.
The substitute was reported, as follows:
An Act to change the times of holding the Courts in the
Western District of Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of (he United States of A merica in Congress assembled, That
instead of the times now prescribed by law for holding the
courts of the United States in the western district of Virginia,
the said courts shall hereafter beheld annually—at Clarks-
burg on the 24th days of March and August; at Wheeling
on the 6th days of Apul and September; atCharlestownon
the 39th days of April and September; at Staunton on the
1st days of May and October; and at Wytlie Court-House
on the fourth Mondays. of May and October; and that all
suits, action-?, and proceedings of whatever kind, now de-
pending in or returnable to said courts respectively, shall
be taken to be continued or returnable to the terms herein
established.
And be it further enacted, That the term of the circuit
court of the United Suites shall be holden annually at
Lewisburg, m the said western district of Virginia, com-
mencing as now on the first Monday of August.
And be it further enacted, That this act shall be in force
from and after the passage thereof. -
Mr LETCHER. I desire simply to remark,
in connection with this matter, that this bill is
the result of a conference with the judge and the
bar at the different points at which this court is
held, and they agree as to the time.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and passed.
The title of the bill was amended as follows:
An act to change the times of holding the courts
in the western district of Virginia.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the private bills on the Speaker's table, reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, which
were taken up in their order, as follows:
WILLIAM HUMPHREY, JR.
A bill for the relief of William Humphrey, jr.,
owner of lishing schooner Good Exchange, lost
at sea.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES P. BABCOCK.
A bill authorizing a settlement of the accounts
of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent at De-
troit, in the State of Michigan.
The Committee of the Whole House reported
it back, with the following amendments:
Strike out the woid " paid," in the eighth hue, and after
the woid '• exchanging," in the hue, unci} - gold for
siiv^r,'' anil after the woid '• coin,'' strike out the words
'* and eolh'«ang drafts and to tile end oi the bill add the
following pro\ ho :
And provided further, That the sum to be allowed to him
shall not exceed the sum of 21.
The bill as so amended reads:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to adjust and pay the accounts of
Chailes P. Babcock, late Indian asent at Detroit, in the
State of Michigan; and that in making such adjustment,
i-ertdin vouchers, heretofore presented by him, and now on
file, foi expenses mcimcd for pieimum- in I'xelsangmg gold
for silver com, and aKo for one quarter'^ saiaiy for his own
services, shall be allowed and paid: Provided, That any
balance thus found due said Babcock shall fust be applied
in liquidation of his indebtedness to the United States, if
any there <-hal! he, and the lemamder only shall be pan! to
him : And pionded further. That the sum to be allowed to
him shall not e\ceed the sum of &-157 22.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were severally agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
PASCAL L. CERRE.
A bill to authorize the legal representatives of
Pascal L. Cerre to enter certain lands in the State
of Missouri, reported from a Committee of the
Whole House, with an amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Inseit after the word "emiy/5 these word*, " at a price
not exceeding $1 '25 per acre so that the bill, if amended,
will read :
That the legal representatives of Pascal L. Cerre be, and
they are hereby, authonzed to enter, without payment, at
any land office in the Estate of Missouri. m tueh ([(untitles,
agreeable to the United States surveys, as the claimants
may desne, a quantity of land cubjeet to private eritiy, at a
price not exceeding .^1 26 per acre, not exceeding seven
thousand and fifiy-MX arpens of land, in heu of and in
compemation for a claim of that quantity allowed to them
by the board of commissioner*!, &,c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
rend a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
OLIVER M. WOZENCRAFT.
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft was reported from the Committee
of the Whole House, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is author-
ized to audit and settle, upon just and equitable principles,
the accounts of Oliver M. Wozencraft, late commissioner
and Indian agent for California, for actual disbursements
made by him; and that a sum not exceeding seven thousand
dollars "be appropriated for the purpose of carrying this res-
olution into effect out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropnated: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tamed shall authorize the settlement of any contracts en-
tered mto by said Wozencraft, or drafts drawn by him, on
which individuals now base claims against the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
A bill for the relief of Charles J. Ingersoll, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
without amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of that bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on his demand. 1 make this statement
to the House and the gentleman. This is the
only case on the records of Congress where an
allowance has not been made like that asked for
Mr. Ingersoll by this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. This case hay been up on
several occasions before, either in the shape of a
bill or resolution. I have not only resisted this,
but all other similar cases. The resistance has
been heretofore successful. The gentleman says
that every other case, except this one, has been
passed by the House. Well, sir, I never knew
two wrongs to make a right. So believing, I
wish to have the yeas and nays to see who votes
for, and who against, this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not think two wrongs
make a right; but I do think that this bill stands
on the punciple of right. Mr. Ingersoll came
here contesting the seat of Mr. Naylor in the
Twenty-Sixth Congress. He had the certificate
of the Governor of the State. This bill only
provides for his payment from the day he pre-
sented his memorial to the day the case was de-
cided. 1 say it is right, and that the past judg-
ments of tins House were wrong. If it were
rejected twice or thrice, I say that four wrongs
cannot make aright. It is right, and it should be
paid. I trust the gentleman will withdraw his
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER. If this thing was right,
and Mr. Ingersoll was entitled to this compensa-
tion, why did not the Congress in which the
contest occurred make the allowance? Why has
it been delayed from year to year ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will answer the gentle-
man. I do not know why that Congress did not
vote him the seat. If the case was before the
gentleman it would be difficult for him to tell why
the seat was not given to Mr. Ingersoll. If they
did him one injustice perhaps they were prepared
to do him another. It is not for me to say why
they did not make the allowance. It is for me,
however, to say whether this is right or not. It
ought to be paid. I will state what I understand
to be the history of the case. Mr. Ingersoll did
I not make any application.
Mr. LETCHER. Why?
Mr. STEPHENS. Because he belonged to the
school to which the gentleman does. When he
was on this floor he did not vote to pay similar
claims. 1 do not know what were the reasons.
; I do not inquire into them. I look at the papers
j before me—those which the Committee of Elec-
I tions had before them. The committee of the last
| Congress, the committee of this Congress, and
| every committee that has investigated the case,
1 have reported favorably on it.
I At the next election Mr. Ingersoll was elected
j to Congress from the same district. He was a
' member, on this floor, during the Twenty-Sev-
! enth, Twenty-Eighth, and Twenty-Ninth Con-
i gresses. A delicacy may haveprevented his ask-
I mg the allowance at that time. Soon after his
retirement from Congress his memorial was pre-
sented. Every report since has been in favor of
paying the allowance.
Mr. ALLISON. In regard to the allegation
