610
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
34th CoKg....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
excluded everywhere. What are the " restric-
tions " imposed? That the voter shall, if chal-
lenged, take an oath to support the Kansas terri-
torial act and the two acts of Congress for the
redelivery of fugitive slaves. Where is the in-
justice of this provision? The organic act is the
constitution of the Territory, and to be respected,
during the territorial condition, as the constitu-
tion oTa State is respected by its citizens. What
is more common, sir, than to exact from the voter, ,
when challenged, an oath to support the consti- ■
tution of his State ? This does not oblige him to 1
approve the constitution as a measure, but only
to promise that, while it continues in force as
the constitution,- he will obey it, as all patriotic,
■well-behaved, peaceable citizens do. The Kansas
statute has precisely this extent. No man is re-
quired to approve the principles of the organic
act, or of the acts relating to fugitive slaves, but
merely to swear that he will not violate those
laws—promulgated, as they have been, by com-
petent authority—so long as they continue in
ibrce. I can discover no reasonable objection to
this. The organic act, I have said, is the terri-
torial constitution: it declares (section 28) that
the acts of February 12, 1793, and September
18, 1850, for the redelivery of fugitive slaves,
shall extend to the Territory of Kansas, and.
thus gives them all the effect of a fundamental
provision. Those who cannot live under such a
code of laws, therefore, need not become inhabit-
ants of the Territory, or, if in it, need not remain
there. They have no honest claim to vote—no
more than an inhabitant of Ohio, whose con-
science is so tender or so morbid (whichever you
please) that he will not swear to support the con-
stitution of the State.
But, sir, the case of Kansas in this particular
does not stand alone. The ordinance of July
J3, 1787, required of the Governor, judges, and
other officers,an oath or affirmation of " fidelity,"
as well as the ordinary official oath or affirma-
tion, and that contained a provision, necessarily,
that they would maintain the six articles of
compact. The sixth and last article stipulated,
in express terms, that all fugitive slaves should
be redelivered to the masters from whom they
had escaped.
Another criticism has been made, sometimes,
upon this statute, namely: that it does not require
a qualification of residence, but allows any man
to vote, whether resident or non-resident, on pay-
ing a tax of one dollar. This allegation is en-
tirely erroneous. The statute defines the qualifi-
cation of a voter in clear and explicit language:
" Every free white male citizen of the United States,
and every free male Indian who is made a citizen by treaty
or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-one years, who
■hall be an inhabitant of this Territory, and of the county
or district in which he offers to vote, and shall have paid a
territorial tax, shall be a qualified elcctor for all elective
officers."
The voter, you observe, must be an inhabitant;
and, if so, he cannot be a non-resident. The two
descriptions are perfectly incompatible. To be
Sure, no previous term of residence is prescribed;
but that has not been usual in the Territories, or
even the new States, where the object is to invite
immigration by all reasonable inducements. No
such term of residence was prescribed in the
ordinance of July 13, 1787, for those who had
been citizens of any of the States.
As to the stipulation that each voter should
have paid a territorial tax—against which some
objections are urged—it is only what the first
constitution of Ohio required. The same stipula-
tion has been made, also, in most of the other
States; and, at this very session, the Senate
passed a bill for the District of Columbia, in
which it may be found—and without any objec-
tion. ' J i
It is true, sir, that one of these territorial taxes !
was a poll-tax of one dollar; but the voter need
not have paid that if he had paid any other tax
assessed for territorial purposes. Nor, if any
man had paid it, would that render him " an in-
habitant" of the Territory, or authorize him to
vote. I am not a friend of poll-taxes; I have
always admired that provision in the first consti-
tution of Ohio by which poll-taxes were prohib-
ited for State or county purposes. But such"
taxes are levied in other States, and, among
others, in the State of Massachusetts. Why,
then, all this tirade against them in the Territory
of Kansas ?
The Ohio resolutions affirm, also, that the
Legislature of Kansas appointed " its own crea-
tures" to all the territorial offices—by which ele-
gant phraseology is meant, I suppose, that the
officers were chosen by the Legislature. This,
to a very limited extent, is true, but, in the main,
is a gross mistake. The only officers to be chosen
by the Legislature, permanently, are the auditor
and treasurer of the Territory, and district at-
torneys; and these are chosen for periods of four
years. The law of Kansas, in this particular,
follows the first constitution of Ohio—a constitu-
tion under which, for almost forty-nine years, the
State enjoyed a degree of prosperity second to
that of no community, either in ancient or mod-
ern times. That constitution provided for the !
election of the secretary of State, treasurer of ,
State, auditor of State, judges of the supreme |
and common pleas courts, and many other i
officers, by the Legislature, and for periods of
service varying from three to seven years.
The laws of Kansas declare, also, that until
the election of October, 1857, a probate judge,
two commissioners, and a sheriff, in each county,
shall be chosen by the Legislature; but then, and
always thereafter, those officers are to be chosen
by the people. The necessity for their election
by the Legislature, temporarily, is quite plain,
inasmuch as by the organic law (section 25) the
commissions of all officers appointed by the Gov-
ernor expired at the adjournment of the Legis-
lature. Without such an election, therefore, the
Territory would have been bereft of subordinate
and local officers. The probate judge and the
commissioners together appoint justices of the
peace, constables, and county officers. In this
respect, also, the laws of Kansas pursue the first
constitution and early statutes of Ohio. By the
constitution, the Legislature elected three asso-
ciate judges in each county; and these judges,
for a long while, appointed the clerk, attorney,
and other county officers. The sheriff and the
coroner alone were elected by the people. Of
course, sir, the members of the Ohio Legislature
could not have been ignorant of the history of
their own State; but they were so anxious to
remove a mote from the eye of their neighbor,
as to have forgotten the good advice of the Scrip-
tures.
It has been objected, also, that most of the
laws were copied, without alteration, from the
revised statutes of Missouri. I see nothing
objectionable in this. The Legislature acted
wisely, indeed, when it availed itself of the care
and learning with which the statutes of Missouri
had been compiled, remodeled, and consolidated
into a regular code. But, sir, those who make
the objection should recollect that, by their favor-
ite ordinance of July 13, 1787, the Governor and
judges were forbidden to adopt any law for the
Northwestern Territory, unless it had been copied
from the statute-book of some one of the States.
The Senator from Vermont, however, com-
plains chiefly of the eleventh and twelfth sections
of an act for the definition and punishment of
certain offenses. The eleventh section is in these
words:
" If any person print, write, introduce into, publish, or cir-
culate, or cause to be' brought into,printed, written, pub-
lished, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating within this
Territory, any book, papef, pamphlet, magazine, handbill,
or circular, containing any statements, arguments, opin-
ions, sentiments, doctrines, advice, or innuendo, calculated
to promote a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffec-
tion among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such
slaves to escape from the service of their masters or to re-
sist their authority, he shall be guilty of a felony, and be :
punished by imprisonment and hard labor for a term not
less than five years." •
The purport of this enactment is not (as the
Senator imagines) to punish a man for declaring, '
in print or otherwise, that slavery is an injurious I
or improper institution, but for attempting to pro- 1
mote a servile insurrection; or, in the very words !
of the act, "promote a disorderly, dangerous, ;
or rebellious disaffection among the slaves of the ]|
Territory," or "induce such slaves to escape '
from the service of their masters." Sir, I regret '
the necessity for such legislation; but, wherever .
slavery exists as an institution, laws of that char- t
acter must be adopted. Governor Reeder assured ,;
the Legislature of its power, in this respect, by
his inaugural message. "A Territorial Legisla-
ture," he said, " may undoubtedly act upon the
question to a limited and partial extent, and'may
temporarily prohibit, tolerate, or regulate slavery
in the Territory, and in an absolute or modified
form, with all the force and effect of any other
legislative act, binding until repealed by the same
power that enacted it."
Now, if the Legislature had aright to " tolerate
or regulate slavery" in the Territory, it had the
right to provide—and was under a solemn obli-
fation to provide—against insurrection and re-
ellion among the slaves; andany man, anywhere
in the United States, who publishes or circulates
a '« book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, handbill,
or circular," inciting other men, black or white,
to overthrow the established Government by
force, to disturb the peace of the community, to
resist the execution of the laws—no matter with
what excuse he fortifies such conduct—deserves
to be punished. His offense, at common law, is
that of publishing a seditious libel—and punish-
able with more severity, far more, than is pre-
scribed in the Kansas statute.
To call an act which holds men accountable for
publications calculated and intended to excite a
servile insurrection, with all its horrors of blood-
shed and rapine, an assault on the liberty of speech
or of the press, is a mere trick of language, and,
if generally admitted, would end in the destruc-
tion of those two inestimable rights. The true
doctrine is expressed, sir, in all our State con-
stitutions,"namely, that no citizen shall be subject
to censorship beforehand, but shall be responsible
for an " abuse" of his privilege, detrimental to
the public or individuals, by indictment, or pri-
vate action. The Kansas statute, I repeat, does
not forbid any one to publish a fair discussion of
slavery, its objectionable features, its evil conse-
quences—not at all. It only punishes the offense
of stimulating slaves to rebellion, or to run away
from the service of their masters, and to that ex-
tent, in my opinion, it is defensible. No well-
behaved citizen need ever stand in fear of its
penalties.
The twelfth section is of a character quite
different:
"If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert o 
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into this
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circular,
containing any denial of the right of persons to hold slaves
in this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty of fel-
ony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for a term
of not less than two years."
This, perhaps, does not embrace a publication
discussing the character of slavery as an institu-
tion, or even the question of its establishment; it
relates to a denial of the authority of the Lef is-
lature in the premises. So it was interpreted by
the Governor, the judges, the attorney, the mar-
shal, and many of the councilors and represent-
atives, in the address published at Leavenworth,
November 14,1855:
" There is nothing in the act itself, as has been charged, to
prevent a free discussion of the subject of slavery. Ita
bearing on society, its morality or expediency, or whether
it would be politic or impolitic to make this a slave State,
can be discussed here as freely as in any State in this Union,
without infringing any of the provisions of the law. To
deny the right of a person to hold slaves under the law in
this Territory, is made penal but, beyond this, there is no
restriction to the discussion of the slavery question in any
aspect in which it is capable of being considered."
Neither this section, nor the eleventh, I under-
stand, has ever been executed—nor, indeed, has
their execution been attempted. In the peculiar
circumstances of the Territory, however, I think
the twelfth section was unjust; and, as it might be
abased by a corrupt magistrate, I wish to see it
abrogated. Such legislation has become too
fashionable of late years, whenever men are em-
bittered against their opponents.
But, sir, in respect to penal statutes, the pres-
ent Legislature of Ohio is not above criticism.
One of the Houses has passed a bill—which the
other is expected to pass, likewise, at the ad-
journed session—whereby the sale, or even the
gift, of a glass of wine, beer, ale, or cider, in any
circumstances, is made punishable by a fine for
the first transgression, and by imprisonment, as
well as fine, in the second. Yes, sir, those who
