1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
611
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
complain of severity in Kansas legislation have
actually declared that, if a man should find his
neighbor by the roadside, weary, sick, or wound-
ed, and, either for the sake of lovfe or money,
should relieve that neighbor with oil and wine—
as the good Samaritan aid—he ought to be hauled
before some justice of the peace, and summarily
as well as severely punished. And, I suppose,
if our Saviour were to come again upon earth, and
repeat the miracle which He performed in Cana
of Galilee, instead of being overwhelmed with
fratitude for so beneficent an exhibition of the
livine power, they would condemn Him to the
pillory or the stocks.
Indeed, Mr. President, the vagaries of legisla-
tion—and, especially, of penal statutes—are so
strange, and even so ludicrous, that one should
hardly treat them with Bin argument. The wisest
of statesmen have not been exempt from such
follies. In the model code proposed by Jefferson,
for the definition and punishment of crimes, I
find this section:
" All attempts to delude the people, or to abuse their un-
derstanding by exercise of tlie pretended arts of witchcraft,
conjuration, enchantment, or sorcery, or by pretended
prophecies, shall be panished by ducking and whipping, at
IIm discretion of a jury, not exceeding fifteen stripes."
Under such a law, I fear, several Senators on
the other side (my colleague included) would be
in danger—to the extent, probably, of the fifteen
stripes—for their " pretended" prophecies, often
repeated, as to the results of the next presidential
election. j
Mr. President, it is due to myself, as well as to
others, that I should confess how widely I mis- 1
Apprehended this part of the subject at the com-
mencement of our session. I had read in the
newspapers, and certainly believed, that none
were admitted to the right of suffrage in future
elections except those who ^ould take an oath
to maintain the entire body of statutes adopted
by the Territorial Legislature; and it is quite prob-
able, sir, that, in conversation and correspond-
ence, frequently, I have declared such an enact-
ment to be unjust in principle, and indefensible
anywhere.
The venerable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] suggested, in his able and thoroughly-pa-
triotic speech, that it would become ns—the sup-
porters of the Nebraska bill—to adopt some fair
and moderate coarse in reference to these territo-
rial statutes. I always listen to his counsels with
pleasure; but never, sir, did I listen with more
pleasure, with more gratitude, than on that occa-
sion. I believe it would be wise,-prudent, and,
upon the whole; equitable, calculated to allay, in
a great measure, the excitement which now pre-
vails in some of the northern States, and satis-
factory, I hope, to well-disposed citizens every-
where, if Congress should undo the restrictions
and tests contained in these acts of the Territo-
rial Legislature. To be sure, as I have shown,
they are not without the color of precedent, but
such precedents, after all,are better avoided than
imitated.
The territorial statutes, however objectionable,
did not provoke the insurrectionary movement in
Kansas. It began ere they had been enacted, and
it has continued without the least regard to their
operation-or effect. That is demonstrated clearly
in the report submitted by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories.
, Whence, then, have arisen these discords and
troubles ? From the unauthorized interruption of
the citizens of Missouri, in great part, as 1 believe
jr-but deeper than all that,as the real and respons-
ible cause, from the establishment of an organ-
ized company, incorporated by the Legislature
of Massachusetts, to invade the Territory and
take possession of it, to render ineffectual the com-
petition of individuals, to forestall the settlement
of that question which the organic act had left to
the calm, deliberate, and peaceable decision of
the people. The operations of the company were
not as extensive, nor as important, perhaps, as
they have sometimes been represented; but they
have led, nevertheless, to all the controversies,
all the serious quarrels, all the bloodshed, with
which Kansas has been cursed to this hour. They
have separated into hostile factions, arrayed with
arms against each other, a body of settlers who
should have devoted all their energies to the main-
tenance of peace and the foundation of a new and
great Commonwealth. My colleague has several
times asserted, with great excitement of manner,
that citizens of the Free-State party (so called)
have been "murdered in cold blood" by their
antagonists—but only such excitement could have
prevented his detecting the absurdity of this as-
sertion. Men of both parties have been killed,
house^. burned, and otner property injured or
destroyed. But there has been no " cold blood"
in all this: it has been hot blood on both sides—
blood heated by a thousand incentives to strife.
The inhabitants were (and, I fear, still are) en-
raged at each other; and have sacrificed all that
is dear to both parties, thus far, at the instance
and for the pleasure of political aspirants. It is
not so much tlie question, in my judgment,
j whether Kansas shall be a slaveholdmg or a non-
j slaveholding State—as whether the men of one
| faction, or of the other, shall be exalted to power.
I do not intend to speak of the Massachusetts
Emigrant Aid company at length. The Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Clay] has exposed its pur-
poses and its conduct with such accuracy of
detail—such clearness of perception—that little is
left for the rest of us. I wish to notice, how-
ever, a suggestion to which the Senators from
New York and Massachusetts attached so much
importance. It is, that the corporation violated
no law; and as for comity between the States,
we have no rules upon that subject, except those
which are expressed in the Federal Constitution.
Sir, if Senators stand upon this doctrine, where
(let me ask them) did the State of Massachusetts
find authority to create a corporation whose busi-
ness Was to be conducted without her own limits,
and Chiefly within the limits of another govern-
ment? She had no authority for that; and, if
we should apply a strict rule to her actions, the
emigrant aid company would be condemned at
once. It could not make any contract or manage
any enterprise, beyond her own limits; and, far
less, hold property in Kansas. It is upon the
rule of comity alone that the corporations of one
State are allowed to transact business, or even
bring suits, in another State—a rule of comity,
moreover, which is not expressed in the Federal
Constitution. Let us bear what the Supreme
Court has said:
" It is very true that a corporation can have no legal
existence out of the boundaries of the sovereignty by which
it is created. It exists only in contemplation of law, and
by force of the law; and where that law ceases to operate,
and is no longer obligatory, the corporation can have no
existence. It must dwell in the place of its creation, and
cannot migrate to another sovereignty."—The Bank of
Augutta, vs. Earle, 13 Peters, 588.
I counsel those two Senators, therefore, to look
beyond the letter of the Constitution in this
respect, and to govern themselves rather by the
wholesome idea on which our Federal Govern-
ment is founded—that of equality between the
States, and non-intervention or one State with the
domestic affairs of another. Upon this idea, we
know the Kansas act intended to establish, for-
ever, the policy of our territorial governments.
In the true sense of the question, then, this Mas-
sachusetts corporation did violate the law—many
laws—in a most willful and officious manner. It
violated the law of comity between the States; it
violated the principles of the Kansas territorial
act; it violated the faith pledged in our Federal
i Constitution. In another respect, also, the cor-
| poration has greatly offended. How, except by a
1 sheer perversion of our statutes, did the company
: acquire title to section after section of the public
i lands—in exclusion of individual settlers—and
with a view (as its circular declares) to sell them
hereafter at an advanced price, and divide the
profits among its Massachusetts stockholders?
Was such the design of your preemption laws ?
No, sir! It is a violation of those laws—a bold
and reckless attempt to seize the best portions of
i the public domain, in fraud of the rights of actual
! settlers, for the conjoint purposes of private profit
and sectional agitation. I never heard—1 cannot
■ even imagine—a more palpable outrage, as well
j against the laws of the United States, as against
the peace of the Territory, and the rights of indi-
vidual citizens everywhere, than this emigrant aid
contrivance. It has been lauded by its friends,
here and elsewhere; but I believe it to he a gigantic
engine of mischief and wickedness. It has filled
the Territory with confusion and bloodshed; has
exasperated the two sections of the Union against
each other; has led to those horrid scenes of
ribaldry at which all Pandemonium rejoiced—
scenes where
" The Priest
Turns Atheist, as did Eli's sons, who filled
With lust and violence the house of God."
i
] In Massachusetts, to be sure, it is a moneyed
;j corporation,and it appears, even in Kansas, only
; I as a landed proprietor. But, sir, beneath these
j1 garbs we find a secret, oath-bound political and
military organization, with its " grand general"
i at Lawrence; its ' • grand vice general'' at Topeka;
its " grand paymaster"at Leavenworth; itscolo-
I nels, officers, sentinels, soldiers, and recruits, in
! every neighborhood.
I have said, sir, that Nebraska and Kansas
; were established by one law. Nebraska has had
peace—Kansas only confusion. Toward Kansas
II the emigrant aid company directed its operations—
Nebraska it left alone. Herein consists the wholo
difference!
Thus far, Mr. President, of the questions di-
rectly before the Senate. But the resolutions of
the Ohio Legislature embrace other and kindred
topics, on which many Senators have spoken at
length. I shall be pardoned, I trust, for a similar
digression.
Some of those Senators declare that Congress
has the right, under the Constitution, to proliibit
slavery in the Territories; that, by the Kansas
act of May 30, 1854, Congress abdicated its
authority in an improper manner; and that the
effectual method of obviating all difficulties (if
we reject the State constitution now proposed),
would be to restore the prohibition contained in
the act of March 6, 1820, section eight. The
resolutions of the Ohio Legislature assert, more-
over, that those who framed our Federal Govern-
ernment designed to prohibit the institution of
African slavery in all the Territories, and, there-
by, the creation of new slaveholding States.
The Senators from Vermont and Iowa do not
claim so much. They claim, however, that the
intention was to tolerate slavery wherever it then
existed in the Territories, and prevent its estab-
lishment wherever it did not exist.
I deny all these propositions. I believe that
Congress has no authority over the citizens of
the United States inhabiting the Territories, ex-
cept to provide for the protection of their persons
and property against violence, or other wrongful
aggressions, until such time as they are able, by
the adaption of a State government, to protect
themselves. I believe that Congress has no legis-
lative power (properly so called) over the Terri-
tories, and its whole authority is that of a landed
proprietor, and a trustee of sovereignty for tha
inhabitants. Beyond this limit—beyond the right
to control the use and disposition of the public
domain, and so far abridge the political action of
the inhabitants as to preserve their allegiance to
the Federal Government, and ultimately admit
them as a State into the Union—beyond this limit,
1 say, all exertions of power by Congress amount
merely to usurpation.
It follows, Mr. President, that the fathers of the
republic did not, in my opinion, propose either
to restrain or encourage, establish or abolish, the
institution of slavery in the Territories, or any-
where else. ' ,
The Senator from "Vermont has said, with de-
liberate emphasis, that the Constitution does not
recognize property in men. I might answer, with
equal emphasis, that it nowhere defines, or even-.
indicates, what shall or what shall not be prop-
erty, in the United States, except where it speaks
of the public domain, forts, arsenals, and the
like. Tnat was not the office of the Constitution.
It established a government which, as respects
our own people, is purely federal in character,
and has no concern with the rights of property,
except as they are defined by the laws of the
several States. And, sir, it so happens that the
only species of property to which a special pro-
tection was vouchsafed in the Constitution, is
the right of one man to the " service or labor "
of another. Whether this be property, in strict-
ness of acceptation, I care not to decide. It is
a right founded upon the laws of a State, and
