1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
employment, each feels his own interest involved
in the general welfare, and all are ready to repair
from their homes to the battle-field, prepared to
do their duty, and animated by a spirit of patriot-
ism which leaves to the Government the task of
determining whose voluntary offers shall be de-
clined, not whose shall be accepted. The difficulty
is in saying who shall stay, not who shall go.
The world has never seen such displays of mili-
tary ardor and patriotism as are furnished by the
history of this country in periods of difficulty and
danger.
This very state of things, however, renders it
but the more proper to regard with careful atten-
tion the course and conduct of other nations, the
pretensions they advance, and the results which
their measures appear to foreshadow. Obvious
as this duty is, it is scarcely ever fulfilled, but
the cry immediately goes forth, and often from
this place, that war is desired. It is an idle
charge, sir, scarcely deserving serious refutation.
To adopt the side of our country in her dispute
with another Power is not to desire war. It is
to desire that humiliating concessions should not
be made, but that, if war is forced upon us, we
should be ready to meet its responsibilities. Its
true aim is to avert war, not to invite it; to
avert it by showing that we are aware of our po-
sition, and are not to be driven from it by arro-
gance and injustice. My friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] as true a patriot as we have amongst
us, in his remarks the other day, fell into this
error. He renewed the oft-repeated story of my
bellicose disposition towards England, (this is his
word, not mine,) founding the charge upon noth-
ing better than the freedom with which I examine
her pretensions, and the earnest desire I express,
as I am convinced my country is right, that she
will yield nothing to the unjust demands made
upon her.
The Senator seemed to think that this course
of discussion here would be considered by Eng-
land as a determination to cut the Gorduoi knot
icith the sword. So be it, sir, if she has the arro-
gance to view the debates here as trenching upon
her rights and honor—as a menace, to adopt a
phrase which the Senator used upon that occa-
sion. If the statesmen, or people of England, m
that spirit of assumption so often displayed in
her history, connect the free discussion of our
cause with the determination to appeal from the
arbitrament of reason to that of force, let them
learn to correct their error in the school of ex-
perience. I repeat what I before said, the people
of this country desire no war with England.
Every man knows the calamities which such a
rupture would bring with it; and certainly, at
my time of life, and with the experience I have
had, I am among the last to look with satisfac-
tion upon such a prospect. But we are not to
lay our hands upon our mouths and our mouths
in the dust, lest a foreign Power should see in
the examination of their conduct a foregone de-
termination to engage in hostilities. I agree, at
least, with one sentiment recently advanced by
Lord Palmerston, that "what a Government has
to consider is the justice of its cause, and what
is befitting the honor and dignity of the country."
That, I trust, will ever be our rule of action; and
if it leads to peace, so much the better, but if to
war, we should meet it as we may.
We find no example, either formerly or re-
cently, in English history, of this careful atten-
tion to the feelings of another nation, and of this
studied purpose to avoid giving offense by avoid-
ing the discussion of national differences. Why,
sir, the people and the press of England, are
equally violent in their denunciations of our coun-
try and her position. I am not going to quote
the terms of abuse so lavishly employed. They
show how improvement follows practice; for, in
the extensive experience we have heretofore had
on the receipt of similar national favors, we have
received none more significant than these. The
articles from the leading journals which prove
this state of feeling have been everywhere repub-
lished, and read in our country, and precious
exhibitions they are of good sense and good feeling.
In one point of view only are they worthy of
attention, except as indications of* national char-
acter, and that is, because they are equally indi-
cations of that deep-rooted sentiment of aversion
which animates the public mind in that country
towards the United States.
I know it has been apologetically said here, for
apologies are never found wholly wanting, that
these publications speak only the feelings of the
editors, and not those of the great body of the
people. Sir, there is no foundation for this dis-
tinction between writers and readers. The great
leading papers of London are unerring indications
of popular sentiment through the island, whether
leading or led by it, especially when they are
united, without reference to party distinctions,
in questions interesting to the English people;
and this union is now almost without exception,
and is of itself one of the most pregnant signs
of the times. Let no one, therefore, object to
their examination here in this branch of the
National Legislature. They are legitimate sub-
jects, important, indeed, of investigation in the
consideration of our affairs with England, as they
furnish the means of investigating the condition
of the public mind, and how far it is prepared to
approve extreme measures. He who believes
that all the London journals, during a session of
Parliament, when the statesmen and politicians
of the kingdom are assembled there, strongly
advocate views of great questions of public policy
unacceptable to the English people, knows little
of the causes which operate upon public opinion
m that country. Straws they may bo in them-
selves so far as respects our course or our cause,
but they show the force and direction of the
wind.
Some of the most violent of these papers are
the supporters and under the control of members
of the Cabinet, and appreciate their own position
too well to give utterance to a single thought in
relation to grave public matters unacceptable to
their leaders. When, therefore, I mid well-turned
periods of conciliation uttered by Lord Pal-
merston in the House of Peers, while he holds
on with characteristic tenacity to the last letter
of his construction of the Clayton-BuLwer treaty,
by which he maintains that the engagement on
the part of England, that she will not occupy any
part of Central America except the part provided
for, docs not mean what it says, but it means
that she will not occupy any more of it than she
claimed at the date of the treaty, or, in other
words, that she will not increase her occupation—
when I read this, and then turn to the miserable
diatribe, preeminent for its arrogant abuse against
the United States, which has recently appeared
in his journal, the Morning Post, I am free to
confess that the coarse effusion of the paper more
than neutralizes the professions of the Peer, and,
in my opinion, speaks more truly his sentiments.
In that precious exhibition of British modera-
tion the world is told that we have no government,
and are in pretty much the condition of the Gauls
and Germans in the days of Julius Caesar; and
that we are as much without the pale of European
principles as China or Japan, or the African com-
munities, especially the Kaffir chiefs, to whom
we are likened; and that we must be dealt with
differently from civilized nations. It proposes
that the European Powers should come to a com-
mon understanding how to deal with us; and that
France and England should place themselves at
the head of this new crusade of civilization; that
they should watch our coasts and search our ves-
sels, and take men out at their pleasure, upon
pre texts to be judged by themselves; and if neces-
sary, this scheme should be carried out to the last
extremity. And this is the serious proposition
of a great London newspaper, known to be at-
tached to, and supporting the interest of, Lord
Palmerston. The United States ore to be tabooed,
to be declared a political leper, and to be excluded
from the company of the sovereign Powers of the
world; and their citizens, like the proscribed caste
of old, to cry "Unclean, unclean!" wherever
they go.
1 have no objection to the indulgence of that
boasting propensity which makes part of the
English character; indeed, this self-complacent
exhibition rather amuses me. We have a com-
plete display of it at this moment; and are timely
warned that, on the firing of the first hostile gun,
our commerce is to be swept from the ocean, our
sea-board devastated, our cities plundered and
destroyed, and, 1 suppose, our national independ-
ence annihilated. "Let not him boast that put-
teth on his armor," says the volume of inspira-
tion, no less than the volume of human expe-
rience, "but him who putteth it off." This
fanfaronade is an old story. A certain General,
named Burgoyne, said, in the British House of-
Commons, at the commencement of our revolu-
tionary war, that he could march through the
Colonies at the head of a single regiment of dra-
goons. And I believe that was the general senti-
ment in England; it was truly an English one.
In a few short months the self-sufficient .orator
exchanged St. Stephen's chapel for the forests of
America, and placing himself at the head of a
well-appointed army of seven or eight thousand
men, he marched into our country a few short
miles, and there fulfilled his promise by an un-
conditional surrender of his army.
When we entered upon our last war with Eng-
land, our flag was contemptuously designated as
striped bunting, and our armed ships as fir-built
frigates; but when we came out of it, that striped
bunting had so often floated over St, George's
cross, and those fir-built, frigates had so often
redeemed their character in desperate conflicts
and by capturing their opponents, that even na-
tional vanity, in its own defense, was compelled
to admit the prowess of our gallant navy. And
this exaltation of their own power extends beyond
us to the other nations of the world; for but a
few short months have passed away since Peters-
burgh and Moscow were to fall, and the Czar to be
driven back to the primitive inheritance of the
Russian ruler in Asia. But Moscow, and Peters-
burgh, and Russia, have survived the power and
the threats of England.
It is wonderful, sir, to observe what ignorance
of the true condition of our institutions pervades
the English journals, and, I may add, the English
community. Among the crude speculations
which have recently come to us from the other
side of the Atlantic, are some regarding the pres-
ent posture of our affairs with England. It is
supposed we have no Government, and that Con-
gress and the President and the country are
guided by the idlest motives that ever entered into
the human imagination. I shall not stop to re-
peat them, contenting myself with observing that
the failure of the House of Representatives to
elect a Speaker seems to have been considered the
knell of the Government. It is emphatically
termed the dead lock—an insuperable bar to our
progress. Now, sir, to us in this country it is
leally laughable to suppose that such an incident
as that could exert the slightest influence upon
the destinies of our institutions. They are con-
trolled by far higher causes—by the will of the
American people; and if this dead lock, as it is
called, had even continued during the whole term
of the present Congress, the people would have
stood between their institutions and danger, and
would have taken efficient measures to insure
the operations of their Government. In fact, sir,
such is the moral power of our institutions, that
the political machine would for awhile almost go
on by its own momentum. Prom the landing at
Jamestown and at Plymouth, our history is a
school teaching how free and equal Governments
may be organized and maintained by the sponta-
neous action of the people, in the face of what-
ever obstacles may occasionally present them-
selves.
While I was in Paris, an incident happened,
which furnishes another example of this Euro-
pean ignorance. It is woith referring to in this
connection as a characteristic trait. When the
news reached there that there had been some dis-
turbances in Harrisburg, which had caused the
members of the Legislature to quit their hall of
assemblage, there was a good deal of excitement,
and it was considered, if not an actual revolu-
tion, as the precursor of one. The state of things
in this country was judged by the state of things
in France, and the members of the Chamber of
Deputies could not be driven by violence from
their seats without an explosion which would
shake the kingdom. I was asked by a distin-
guished French functionary—and with a manner
which seemed to say, your country is in a bad
way—what would be the probable result of this
interruption of the public authority ?—for Harris-
burg or Washington was, I suppose, to them the
same thing. I answered, that the next packet
would probably bring information that some jus-
tice of the peace had issued his warrant, and that
the offenders had been apprehended and punished,
and that with this exercise of authority the whole
matter would pass away. And such, in fact, was
