1856,
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
havm"- overruled me in that policy, and determ-
ined to give tlie notice, no reason exists why 1-
should not now press the project of Mr. Vander-
bilt, and invite the attention of the Senate to* it.
I therefore beg lea ye to introduce the first section
of that bill as an amendment to the bill now before
the Senate. I have no doubt Mr. Vanderbilt will
fulfill every word that he has promised.
The amendment is:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That tire Postmaster General
is hereby authorized am! directed, on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United States, to enter into a contract with
Cornelius Vanderbilt* of New York, for the transportation
of the mails of the united States once a month between
Now York and Southampton, for the term of ten years from
and after the passage of this act, the compensation for the
same to be $16,680 for each round trip : Provided,, That the
said Cornelius Vanderbilt shall provide steamships for said
mail service of the fiist elas<?. and to pass the inspection of
the properly authorized inspectors of the Government ap-
pointed for that purpose, with suitable mail rooms for the
safe-keeping of mail matter: Jlnd provided, secondly, That
the Government shall have the power to increase the same
to a semi-monthly or weekly service, by giving reasonable
nonce to the said Cornelius Vanderbilt: -And provided,
thirdly, further, That the Government shall have the right
to demand ot and appropnate to its. own use, at any time,
any or all the steamships used in said service, at a price-to
be fixed by the Secretary of the Navy and said Vanderbilt,
and in case of disagreement the same to be determined by
valuation: Jlnd provided, fourthly, further, That if at any
time liereaAer the Governments of the United Slates and
Gieat Britain should agree to withhold from the owners of
all steamships employed in transporting the mails between
the two countries all compensation whatever, then in that
case this contract shall be null and void.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Toombs
in the chair.) Has this amendment been recom-
mended by a committee?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is out of
order.
Mr. YULEE. It is proper that I should say
that the committee authorized me to offer a pro-
vision of this nature, differing from the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, but so far
assimilating to it as to make it proper for me to
state the fact to the Senate. It was to authorize
a contract to be made with Cornelius Vanderbilt
to carry the mail once a month for four years 
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
offer that, I will agree to it.
Mr. YULEE. It contained the qualification,
that he should carry it once a month for four
years, which would bring us to the end of the
Collins contract, for $1G,680 for the round trip,
with a proviso giving the notice to Collins, which
is already in the bill, and with a further proviso
authorizing the Postmaster General to extend his
trips further without increase of cost. I did not
offer it on account of the manifest indisposition
of the Senate to receive amendments. I merely
mention it.
Mr. ADAMS. On the proposition which is
suggested by the chairman of the committee I
wish to state a fact. There was an equal division
of the committee. I consented—differing in opin-
ion with the chairman—that the amendment might
be proposed in its original form; but the Senator
having agreed that he would not offer it m conse-
quence of the decision of the Senate on another
proposition, I hold that he has no right to present
it now. The fact that we have agreed on a dif-
ferent proposition does not justify the Senator
from New York in offering a proposition on the
same subject.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Toombs.)
The Chair understands that the Senator from
Florida does not offer any amendment. If there
be 110 further amendment offered, the question
will be on ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I voted
against giving the notice, because I observed that
itwas leading the way to another legislative con-
tract. I am not in the same category with the
Senator fiom Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] I voted
against the establishment of this line, and against
the extra allowance. The object of giving this
notice now, it appears, is to make way for ail-
other legislative contract. I wish to declare my
opposition to that also. I want all these contracts
to terminate—to have no more bargaining on tne
part of Congress, but to leave this service as a
question of administration with the Executive
Departments, and confer oil the Postmaster Gen-
eral authority to give to the lowest bidder all that
we receive in the way of postage in carrying the
mails between this and foreign countries. Beyond
that I will not go.
Mr. MALLORY. I have always voted against
the extra allowance to the ColKns line in every
shape in which it has been presented; and I ex-
pect always'to do so. In the course of the dis-
cussions which have taken place on the Collins
line ®f steamers heretofore, I have heard some
very strange propositions started, and I hear them
again insisted on to-night. Why, sir, tliis propo-
sition of Mr. Collins originated, not with the
United States. We did not seek a steam line, but
he and his associates came here with their offers
to build ships if we would give the money. They
did not propose to ran aeross the Atlantic in any
particular time, but to do the best they could.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the Senator is entirely
misinformed. Whatever may be the form in
which the law stands, I think the Government of
the United States solicited these parties to enter
into the contract. That is a matter susceptible
of proof.
Mr. MALLORY. My previous remarks on
that subject when the compensation was sought
to' be increased, are on the record, and can be
found1. The Senator from Delaware and myself
at that time discussed this question. The Gov-
ernment advanced the money with which to build
these ships, and they ran them at $19,300 a trip, 1
for twenty trips a year, if I am not mistaken. I
have not refreshed my memory; and it has been
some years since we discussed the question; but
I think I understand the facts. They were doing
verj well as was- supposed—eertainly they had
acquired a great reputation ,• when they came to
Congress in 1852, produced their schedules before
a committee of this body, and showed that they
were losing money; and then (what appeared to
me against common sense and the judgment of
the entire country) we did not reseind the con-
tract; we did not advertise it to the whole world
to come in and compete; we did not hold out this
bribe to American industry, so much talked of
here, to build fine ships; but we confined this
monopoly to the hands of the owners of the Col-
lins steamers, and increased their compensation
from $19,300 to $33,000 a trip, on an ex parte
statement, without one single governmental par-
ticle of inquiry into the matter. Has that con-
tinued long enough ? That was four years ago.
The Senator from Michigan talks about the
excellence of these ships and the great good they
have done to the Navy; and his judgment is that
the Navy never built a ship that was fit to go to
sea. I ask that Senator to look at our naval ships,
and point me out one that comes within his criti-
cism. We can certainly appeal to our naval ships
as not only the finest in this country, but in the
world, transcending any other ships on the face
of the earth for strength, for speed, for capacity
of carrying a battery, and victualing the crew.
In feet, for all appliances and means of a man of
war, there are no ships in the world that can com-
pare with them. That is universally acknowl-
edged to be the fact. The reason is because we
can build our ships from the kelson up with such
timber as we please from the native forest; but
Great Britain and France, deficient in this grand
material, are continually repairing and patching
up their old models. The recent magnificent
structures added to the British Navy are merely
old vessels repaired by putting new pieces in the
middle. The reason for this is, that they have
not the timber. Our ships on every sea are the
admiration of the world.
It is not my purpose to disparage the Collins
steamships. I am disposed to concede to them
their full merit. They have certainly acquired a
great rate of speed, and given to ships crossing
the Atlantic a great degree of excellence; but Mr.
Collins did not stipulate to cross the Atlantic in
any particular time. He agreed to build ships of
a certain size. He built them larger, and crossed
the Atlantic in a shorter time than it was supposed
he .could. In relation to the capacity of these
ships, I need only refer my friend from Michi-
gan to the loss of the Arctic—a most unfortu-
nate loss. He will recollect that a little barque of
one hundred and ninety tons ran into the Arctic,
and a little piece of the iron of the barque was
actually left sticking between the top timbers ot
the Arctic, and she sunk in that condition. If
he will look at the newspapers of that time, he
will find that, just about the same time, a similar
accident happened to a common British steam
merchant-ship off the coast of Ireland, and she
continued 01} her voyage far six bundok pales in
safety. Why, sir, thew is not a navaj  l<xop that
we everlaunched which would not any-day stajM
a hundred such shocks without difficulty. -The
fatal rosult was ia consequence of the- %ht esg of
the structure of the Arctic. In- tsh^ge steamships
everything like strength is sacrifisect to; speed.
There is no deck on board these steamejsSc that
would sustain a battery foe a moment. Every-
thing is sacrificed- for speed, and they ha.ye at-
tained a high rate of speed.
After these parties have had a monopoly of the
service at $33,000 a trip for four years, and a
proposition is made to give the notice for the dis-
continuance of the additional allowance, objection
is made. My friend from Michigan dbes not
state why we should continue- it. He does not
state how long he would desire the monopoly.
Why should we with any steamships haye a mo-
nopoly of this kind ? In the face of this cornea
one of the most experienced ship-owners,, one Of
the most extensive steaoiboat.owners, a man who
has given to steamboat enterprise a3- mueh iirt-
pulse perhaps as any one in the world, and what
is his proposition ? He tells you, " I have-three of
the finest ships in the world, one just off the stocks
of five thosand tons burden; show me the short-
est time in which the Collins ships ever crossed
the Atlantic, and I will undertake to cross it in
shorter time." That is his first proposition. The
next is, "You are giving the Collins line §33,000
a trip; I will agre« to do it for $26,600 a trip."
Why does he propose that? Because $16,600 is
the priee given by the British Government to
the Cunard ships, and he knows he can do the
service at the same rate. Are we to refuse this
proposition to make the tripsin a shorter time,
and for a less amount, with astipulationofafor-
feiture of one half the price, when it is made by
one who we know has abundant means to make
it good ? I should like to know on what ground
we can face our constituents if we are disposed to
maintain this line, and say that, notwithstanding
this offer, we will maintain it in the hands of Mr.
Collins. Can we say that Mr. Vanderbilt is not
able to perform what he promises? When ths
proposition was brought forward by my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] last year, who said
Mr. Vanderbilt would give bonds in a million pf
dollars, it was said on the floor of the. Senate
that Mr. Yanderbilt had not the ships. That is
obviated; and he comes here with three steam-
ships, two of two thousand tons, and one of five
thousand tons, and offers to- make a hotter con-
tract than Collins made originally—to carry the
mail to Europe for half the money you have been
paying to Collins, and in a shorter time. I
should like to know on what principle we can
refuse it?
I vote to give the notice, not for the purpose of
making a legislative contract, as my friend from
Pennsylvania supposes, but on this principle,
that if Congress shall determine to maintain
these ocean steamers, then I say, in the present
condition of the ocean steam navigation, throw
the service open to competition. Mr. Vander-
bilt tells me, and I am authorized to say, he will
carry the mail in a shorter time than Collins.
That is his proposition. I would treat the ocean
steam mail service like others—throw it open to
competition. I do rvot say I would vote for one;
but I say if you are maintaining them, that is the
only way in which you can maintain them, and
give confidence to the people in maintaining them.
Mr. Vanderbilt wants to cross the Atlantic; he
wants to establish an ocean line; but the United
i Slates have established a favorite line, giving
I S?58,GOO a year now, and no private enterprise on
' the face of the earth, can compete between New
1 York and Liverpool, against a line receiving a
bonus of 4853,000 a year? Nobody else will ever
attempt it,-while that enormous price is paid.
JJf. BAYARD. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. The Senate have voted to give the notice,
and there is no question now before us, but on
ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. MALLORY. I know that. I was answer-
ing a few remarks (rf the Senator from Michigan.
I only wish to add that I voted for this notice,
not because I am in favor of any special contract
at any future time.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to appeal from the
decision of the Chair, that my amendment is out
of order.
