622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
the result. With one exception, this Govern-
ment, in my opinion, sir, is the strongest Gov-
ernment on the face of the globe. There is no
question but a sectional one which can destroy
it. If we learn to be wise and avoid all irritating in-
terference between the North and the South, leav-
ing every portion of our country to manage its
affairs for itself, upon its own responsibility, we
may reasonably look forward to the indefinite ex-
tension of the best and freest form of government
ever committed to man. If we do not, we may
learn wisdom at as great a sacrifice as man ever
paid for his error.
After these experiments of the British press, to
which I have referred, upon the taste and feelings
of their own country, and upon the forbearance of
this, it required a good deal of courage on the part
of the London Times, while alluding to the views
entertained, to say: 44 We believe that much of
this recklessness [that is, an advocacy of our own
cause] is owing to the habitually pacific tone in
which the United States arc constantly spoken
of in England."
I am at a loss to judge whether this remark is
an assertion or a sarcasm. If the former, it is as
little creditable to the wisdom as to the veracity
of that reckless paper. If the latter, it is one
redeeming concession, the more valuable as it is
almost without example.
The British people," says the same great
controller of public opinion in England, "are
very slow to go to war, but they a;e still slower
to make peace," This national trait, thus dis-
covered and disclosed, must push the credulity
of John Bull about as far as he can bear, and that
is saying a good deal; while the pretension excites
the ridicule of the rest of the world. It has been
often said, that the last person a man knows is
himself; and that the remark is equally true of
nations, needs no better illustration than this
vaunt of the disposition of England to bear and
forbear, evinced by the slowness and reluctance
with which she suffers herself to be driven into
hostilities.
"The British people are -very slow to go
to war. !" Why, sir, their history for centuries
past has been little else than a history of their
hostilities with the other Powers of the earth,
civilized and uncivilized, for they have been very
impartial in their aggressions, as neither Chiis-
tian nor Pngan has escaped their assaults.
" Slow to go to war /" Whv, for the last one
hundred and fifty years they have hardly been
at peace. Their armed ships have been prowling
round the world, seeking territory they might de-
vour. Ay,and finding it, too—from mighty con-
tinents to the smallest islet that decks the ocean.
If they hud a temple of Janus,as had the Romans,
their predeccs.som in wars and acquisitions, it
would be as seldom shut as the memorable temple
of old.
u Slow to go to war!" This very journal—the
Times—told its readers, but a shoit time ago,
that the British Government went to war with
Burmah for a disputed claim of ^'990.
Slotc logo to icar /" but quick enough to go to
war with China, in order to compel that country
to poimit the importation of opium—a drug de-
structive of the health and morals of its people;
and successful enough to make that privilege one
of the conditions of peace, equal to £1,000,000
sterling annually. I merely glance at this sub-
ject, for I have no wish to follow its details.
They are before the world, and will pass to the
judgment of posterity.
*i Slow to go to war I" The last accounts from
India tell us that the populous kingdom of Oude
is about to follow the fate of the other native
Governments of Hindostan, and to swell the
mighty possessions of the Merchant Company
which rules the immense territories upon the
Indus and the Ganges.
Mr. President, I desire to do no injustice to
TCngland. I appreciate all she has done for the
intellectual advancement of mankind, for morality
and civilization. But when sheplays thePharisee,
and thanks God she is not like other nations, but
shuns war and acquisitions, 1, for one, feel little
disposed to yield to the boasts or denunciations
of her politicians or her journals. I have touched
but a few facts in her career. They might be
made to assume a formidable array. I refer to
nothing which is not before the world and a
legitimate topic of examination. He who be 
lieves that the wrath of England may be depre-
cated, or her designs turned away" by studied
silence in our country, or in this high place of
our country, knows little of the ceaseless opera-
tion of human rivalry and ambition. I am not
one of those who believe that by shutting our
eyes to danger we may avert it. That is best
done by looking it in the face and preparing for
it. No nation ever cscaped war by closing their
eyes to its approach; and no nation ever brought
it on by the exhibition of a resolute determination
to resist aggression.
We have already, sir, it appears to me, treated
this subject quite delicately—gingerly I may say—
in the Senate. We had better look at things as
they arc, and call them by their right names. I
sincerely trust we shall have no war. And when
I consider the condition of the two countries, and
the calamitous effect of a war upon both, I can
hardly believe that English statesmen will push
the differences to that extremity, though certainly
there are ominous portents above the horizon
which warns us that a storm may not be far off.
But, at any rate, our safety will not be increased
nor danger diminished by sitting still and closing
our eyes, and our ears, and our mouths to every-
thing around us, suffering events to take their
own course, controlled by, not controlling,them.
The latest accounts tell us that several regiments
have been oidered from England to Canada. I
doubt the truth of the report.. Some years ago,
and without reference to the Russian war, the
British Government withdrew a large portion of
its troops from that province. It did not need
them there; it does not need them there now,
either for the purpose of defense or of police.
There is no more immediate fear of an opposition
to British authority in Canada than there is in
London. If these troops have been really or-
dered there, the measure is an act of precaution
or of menace, foreshadowing ulterior objects
which depend on the determination of the British
Government.
I have seen no speeches in cither House of the
British Parliament, from any number of the Gov-
ernment, which give rise to the least expectation
that the views of the Ministry will be changed
respecting the differences musing out of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty. I see, indeed, there are inti-
mations that they would be willing to submit
these differences to the arbitrament of somp friend-
ly Power. For one, sir, I do not perceive how
such a proposition can be accepted. The question
in dispute is hardly a question of reference. It
does not relate to disputed facts, nor to the fair
construction of the engagements of the parties. It
is a mere questionas to the meaning ofa word—the
word occupy, to bring the matter within its nar-
rowest compass. I should as soon think of refer-
ring to arbitration the meaning of the words free,
sovereign, and independent states, ill the
treaty of peace with Great Britain which recog-
nizes our independence, as the words occupy and
assume and exercise dominion, in the Clayton-
Buhver treaty. The former measure would be
just as reasonable and honorable as the latter. No
arbitrator, whether understanding the English
language or not, can tell us better than we now
know what a treaty means when it says, that
neither party shall occupy or possess any domin-
ion in Central America, except m the single case
provided for in the ruler annexed to it. If any
other occupatioms retained, the treaty is violated.
And we profess to know what occupation means,
without resorting to the lexicographical knowl-
edge or good offices of friend or foe. If England
can hold possession without occupation, she may
make out her case. If she cannot, ours is made
out. The reference of such a question would be
but a subteifugc unworthy of our position and
our cause.
Under these circumstances, and in the state of
our foreign relations, T shall vote for the propo-
sition of the Military Committee. I think we are
called upon to do so by considerations which will
be felt and approved by the American people.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, when I called
for the yeas and nays on the engrossment of this
bill, and recorded my vote against it, I supposed
I had discharged all the duty which would pertain
to me m relation to it. I had various reasons
which induced me to vote against it. One was
the want of specificness in the appropriations; but
that difficulty has been obviated by the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the Senatorfrom
California. I do not wish, however, to put myself
under that mantle of candor which the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] was disposed to
throw over us, and leave my motives in any
doubt. No matter in what shape this bill may'
be put, I shall vote against it for one reason,
which has not been adverted to by any Senator.
I do not believe in the propriety of these national
workshops. I do not believe there is any more
propriety or economy in keeping up a national
machine shop to manufacture arms, than there is
in keeping up a national tailor shop to manufac-
ture uniforms. I think our experience will show
that we can'get a much better arm, and at a much
less cost, if we go to the private manufacturer
who makes them—for instance, to Colt, who
makes pistols, or Sharpe, who makes rifles—than
we can by keeping up the national armories. I
believe our policy in this respect is wrong. This
would be an abundant reason to justify me in
voting against this bill, but I do not wish to
shield myself there. I vote against it, because I
do not think it is called for. I do not think it is
wanted. I consider it an unnecessary and usu-
less expenditure of the public money.
Having said this much more particularly in re-
gard to the bill under consideration, I desire to say
a word or two in regard to the general subject
which has been discussed by the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] He misunder-
stood me if he supposed that I said it was my
opinion that any Senators who had made speeches
in regard to our relations with England desired
war. I do not believe there is a sane person iu
the United States who desires a war with England.
I never thought so, and I never said so; but I did
think, and I did say, and I think and say now,
that the tendencyof speeches in the Senate has
been to provoke war. The effect of them, what-
ever may be their intent, has been to produco that
very state of feeling which they deprecate. I
think too much heed isgiven to newspaperarticles.
I believe it is giving too much consequence to
them to answer them m the Senate. My opinion
is that, when a newspaper comes to us containing
such statements as have been alluded to by the
Senator from Michigan, the better way of answer-
ing them would be to allow our own newspapers
to do it. If the British press has abused us, we
have newspapers in this country to return what
they say; and if they will only abuse the British
half as badly as they have abused the Abolition-
ists, the British will get a great deal worse than
they send, and the matter need not be introduced
here. [Laughter.] Now, sir, I have a London
paper—I do not often get one, but by accident I
have got one this morning, and I desire to read an
extract from the London Daily Telegraph of
February 20, a very late date. It says:
" The arrival of the Africa, as announced m our yester-
day's impression, bringing ncwa from New York up to the
6th instant, by no means tends to lessen the fear enter-
tained by many that a ruptuio with the United State* is
almost inevitable. Every fie^b packet fiom the other side
of the Atlantic more and moie convinces us of the correct-
ness of the vicvv^ we have expressed, that it behooves Eng-
land to he tip and ■-tiering, oi otherwise we will find the foe
at our door? befoic being prepaiedto meet him. Important
debates have taken place in the Senate, and unmistakable
has boon the language of Mr. Seward, and Mr Foot of
Vermont. The latter Senator has thrown down the gauntlet
ofdefiance" 
Mr. CASS. Am I out of that scrape ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, entirely.
" The latter Senator [Mi. Foot] lias thrown down the
gauntlet of defiance, and beards V.ngland on her veiy soil.
We are now warned off; and if we tad to obey the haughty
and insulting mandate, we are to be 'removed by force of
arms.'"
Finally, this article says:
" Wc arc afraid there is but one way to settle this dis-
pute, and that is at the point of the bayonet. The aggres-
sive npiut of the people of the United States lequnes an
humbling, and it is for us to perform the task."
I would suggest the propriety of sending this
article to the Washington Union, and allowing
that paper to answer it. But, sir, that is not the
only news we have from Europe, and Englandis
not the only country watching us—we being the
great Republic of the world. I propose to read
an extract from the French organ. La Patric, the
organ of Louis jNapoleon's administration:
" Lenouveau president delaChambre des ReprSsentans,
M.Nathaniel Banks, est un noir appartenant & la rep-
resentation R£publicaine de Massachusetts. En sa double
ijushto d'homme de couleur ct d'Abohtioniste, M. Banks
