2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
August 16,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Toombs.)
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read a third time. On its passage,
Mr. STUART called for the y^as and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 33, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Biggs, Bigler, Bright. Brodhead, Clay. Crittenden, Douglas,
Duritee, Poster, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, 1 verson, Joneb of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Ma->orl, Pearee, Pratt,
JPugh, Iteid, Sebastian, Slidell,'Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Seward and Stuart—2.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. YULEE. Before the question is taken on
the title of the bili, I beg the Senate to bear with
me for two minutes, to make a few remarks, ren-
dered necessary by what fell from the Senator
from Pennsylvania. The intimation of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was, that the proposition
to give the notice to Mr. Collins had some ulte-
rior object. Inasmuch as I had stated to the
Senate that an amendment was in my hands
which involved a contract with Mr. Vanderbilt,
I think it proper to state the ground on which it
rested. It was a measure of economy which we
proposed. .Originally, the contract with the Col-
lins line was for twenty trips a year 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman is going1
on when there is no question before us, I "shall
claim the privilege myself of showing that his
grounds are unfounded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida is out of order, without unanimous
consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Explanations are unneces-
sary; we all understand the matter.
REVENUE-CUTTER AT NEW YORK.
During the consideration of the mail steamer
appropriation bill, a message was received from
the Blouse of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom,
their Clerk, announcing that they had passed a
bill (H. R. No. 251) to authorize the President
of the United States to cause to be procured by
purchase or otherwise, a suitable steamer to be
stationed at the port of New York, as a revenue-
cutter, for the purpose of affording relief to dis-
tressed vessels, their passengers and crews.
Mr. SEWARD. If there be no objection, I
should like to have that bill considered now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent, as there is a question pend-
'"fir. CLAY. I object.
MESSAGE FltOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that
they had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the House joint resolution (J.R. No.
26) giving an increased compensation to all labor-
ers m the employment of the legislative and ex-
ecutive departments of the Government, m the
city of Washington.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
further insisted on their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, heretofore disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (If. R. No. 1201)
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1856, asked for a second conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed Messrs. James H. Campbei.l, Thomas
L. Harris, and J. Morrison Harris, managers i
at the conference on their part. {
On motion of Mr. HUNTKR, the Senate fur- |
ther insisted on its amendments disagreed to by t
the House, and agreed to the second conference |
asked for by the House, on the civil appropria- j
tion bill. Messrs. Pearce, Stuart, and Bay- j
ar.d, were appointed the conferees on the part of,1
the Senate. j
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following resolu- i
tiuii; b j
Uestohisd, That the derk of the Committee on Military !
Affairs be paid since he has been so employed, in the same
mariner as the clerk of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. Does that resolution come
from a committee, or is it an individual motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
stated. It requires unanimous consent to con-
sider the resolution now.
Mr. BAYARD. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs says it is necessary, I
shall not object.
Mr. BIGGS. There was a resolution from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, of the same
character; which was referred to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses. I move to refer this
resolution to the same committee.
The motion was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
is before the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. By the unanimous in-
struction of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I
am instructed-to offer an amendment to the reso-
lution Before the Senate, so as to embrace the
clerk of that committee.
Mr. CLAY. I object. I did not know that it
could be offered without consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to amend the resolution by inserting the clerk of
the Committee on Indian Affairs. The Chair
rules that amendment in order.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The sense of the com-
mittee is, that the services of the clerk are indis-
pensable to an efficient discharge of the dutigs of
the committee. We think it is important. We
have many cases now before the committee in-
volving claims requiring examination. Theclerk
can be just as usefully employed during vacation
ill the efficient discharge of duties such as he has
been rendering up to this time, in preparing re-
ports and statistics.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is not the object of
the original resolution.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask that the resolution
be read again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion is before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend it by adding
a. provision authorizing the employment of the
clerk of the Committee on the Judiciary in the
same manner.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is first on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask that the resolution
be read. There seems to be some misconception
of what its terms are.
The Secretary again read the resolution of Mr.
Weij.KU.
Mr. STUART. I desire to understand, if I
can, the object and effect of that resolution. There
was a resolution passed at the beginning of the
session, authorizing the committees to employ
clerks, and their pay is fixed at six dollars a day.
W ill any body tell me what it means to pay the
clerk of the Committee on Military Affairs in the
same way that the clerk of the Claims Commit-
tee is paid? 1 wish to know the effect of that
language. If we are in this blind way to con-
tinue the clerk during the recess of the Senate, let
us know it; lint do not let us talk about paying
him in the same way as some other officer, be-
cause it is simply to hand him over the six dol-
lars a day for the whole year.
Mr. BAYARD. I will explain the proposition
which 1 offered, and, without hesitation, give
the reasons for it. The amendment which I have
offered is recommended by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and was submitted to the Senate yes-
terday, or the day before, as a separate resolution.
The liasis 011 which it is recommended is this:
The Finance Committee and the Committee on
Claims for many years have had their clerks con-
tinued during the recess; we think the clerk of
the Committee on the Judiciary might, with ben-
efit, be continued during the recess. I have had
very little individual knowledge ef the clerk of
the Judiciary Committee; I had nothing to do
with his appointment, and, therefore, I do not
speak of this as a matter of any personal interest
on my part; but as a matter pertaining to the
public business. I say that the experience of an
officer on an important committee, where you have
a changeable body like the Senate, is of immense j
importance to the new members coming info the |
body. This reason, of course, applies only to i
the more important committees. You cannot
expect that a responsible man, with a family,
fitted to fill such a post, can support himself and
family on a salary of six dollars a day, paid for
eight and a half months in one year, and three
months in the next year. I think the experience
of an officer, qualified for the clerkship of an
important committee of this body, is just of
such moment to that committee—particularly to
its new members, but also to its old ones in many
respects—as the experience of such a Secretary
of the Senate as you have. Every member must
have seen this. I confine my remarks entirely
to the more important committees, in which
knowledge and experience are of great moment
in facilitating the labors of the committees. It is
on that basis, and on that bapis alone, as far as
my judgment is concerned, that I offered this
proposition. I think the Committee on the Ju-
diciary will have its future labors facilitated for
the benefit of the Senate and country by contin-
uing its clerk. Having observed the course of
the present clerk, I am satisfied that he is com-
petent; I am satisfied that while he continues to
perform his duties as he has performed them,
every additional year will make him of greater
value for the country. I think a man situated
with a family, as he is, cannot live on the pay of
six dollars a day, one year out of two—making
it in fact only three dollars a day continuously.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to correct the
phraseology of the amendment which I offered to
the resolution of the Senator from California. I
propose to make my amendment read in this way:
That the Committee on Indian Affairs be authorized to
continue their clerk at the same annual compensation as the
clerk ot the Committee on Finance.
My object is to ask for the continuance of the
service of our clerk at less compensation than hfe
is paid now. This rate annually is less than six
dollars per diem.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire if
it is too late to object to the consideration of these
resolutions to-day ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I wish to sayafew
words in reference to them. The manner in
which they are brought before the Senate does
not disclose at all their character. The payment
to this clerk is to be " the same as to the clerk of
the Finance Committee." If I remember rightly,
but a few days ago a proposition was made to
increase the pay of the clerk of the Finance Com-
mittee because it was said to be necessary to have
a person of superior ability, acquainted with the
finances of the country, and to take an individual,
perhaps, from some of the departments, and that
he must be paid a high price. That was assented
to, perhaps properly. Now a proposition is
made to pay these other clerks the same rate that
is paid to the clerk of the Finance Committee.
The Judiciary Committee proposed to retain their
clerk during the recess. What occasion is there
for a clerk to the Judiciary Committee during the
recess? What has he to uo ? It is not pretended
that he has anything to do; but the Senator from
Delaware tells us he is not paid enough. Then
raise his salary; state precisely what it is to be,
and let us understand the matter I am not fa-
miliar with the committees at all. I have never
seen a committtee in session since I have been
here, and, of course, have very little knowledge
of what their clerks do; but I understand that
( there is very great abuse in this system. - I have
j been told that committees have clerks, which do
not meet twice during the session; and some, I
! am told, that have never met during the whole
session, have a clerk.
I am opposed to this whole practice. I do not
mean to be understood as being opposed to allow-
ing a cierk to any of the committees; but I am
opposed to the system of raising the salary of a
clerk of some important committee, and then
making that the lever by which to raise up the
salary of the clerk of every unimportant commit-
tee, and perhaps of committees that need no
clerks. I would like to know how much is to be
paid to these persons. I hope these amendments
will not be adopted until we can have time to
understand how much is to bo paid to these dif-
ferent clerks under the resolution. I call for the
yeas and nays on its passage.
Mr. BRIGHT. It may be that there are com-
mittees having clerks, which seldom, or never
