612
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
guarantied by the express compact of all the
States.
Both these Senators have been challenged, as
Others of their sect have been challenged, in times
past, to specify the language of the Constitution
from which they derive the vast congressional
power now claimed; but no language is adduced,
after all, except that of article fourth, and section
third:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needflil rules and regulations respecting, the territory
or other property belonging to the United States."
This section does not confer any legislative
power, nor does it even speak of any subject
over which legislative power can be exercised.
It merely declares that Congress, as an agent,
shall exercise the proprietorship of the lands and
other property of the Union. For, Mr. Presi-
dent, let us observe:
1. The power of disposition is quite as large
and as absolute as that of regulation; and if Con-
cress could legislate, in a political sense, for the
inhabitants of a Territory, it could, in exercise
of the power of disposition, transfer their alle-
giance to some foreign Government, or even to
an individual, by a mere alienation of title to the
land.
2. The language is the " territory," " belong-
ing to the United States," and not, as often mis-
quoted, the territories (plural) cf the United States.
In other words, the section refers to the public
lands, as such, and not in any political sense —
the public lands within the limits of a State, as
well as those without. And hence the section
proceeds in the alternative, "the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
The Senator from Iowa calls for the judicial
decisions upon this point, and I shall endeavor
now to satisfy him.
In the case of Gratiot and others, 14 Peters,
537, the Supreme Court said:
" The term 'territory,' as here used, is merely descriptive
of one kind of property, and is equivalent to the word
lands."
In the case of Pollard's Lessee vs Hagan, 3
Howard, 221, the court said:
" We think a proper examination of this subject will
show that the United States never held any municipal sov-
ereignty, jurisdiction, or right of soil in and to the territory
of which Alabama, or any of the new States, was formed,
except for temporary purposes."
These purposes the court defines to be an exe-
cution of "the trusts" created by the deeds or
treaties of cession—namely, the trusts of provid-
ing for the organization of a new State, and its
admission into the Union.
The Senator from Vermont has ridiculed as
very absurd that provision of the organic act
which extends the Constitution of the United
States over the Territory of Kansas, and asked,
•with an air of triumph, " Who ever supposed that
the Constitution did not, ex preprio vigore, prevail
in all the Territories?" I might answer, as the
Senator from Illinois has answered, that Daniel
Webster supposed so, and made an elaborate
argument in this Chamber to prove it; but I have
another authority to the same effect, namely, the
Supreme Court of the United States. In the case
cited by the Senator himself—the facts of which,
by the way, he misapprehended altogether—the
case of the American Insurance Company vs.
Canter, (1 Peters, 511,) it was decided that the
courts of a Territory are not constitutional courts,
and, necessarily, that the Constitution does not
extend to the Territories by the force of its own
provisions.
The Constitution is for the States alone; it is the
Constitution of the United States, and not of the
Territories, or even of the States and the Terri-
tories together. Its authors never dreamed of a
territorial government to be created by Congress,
and, of course, made no provision for any such
government. At the time the Constitution was ■
signed, in September, 1787, every acre of land
which had then been ceded by the States, of which
they had the least knowledge or conception, was
embraced by the ordinance of the Continental
Congress, adopted in July of that year. This
ordinance purported, by its own terms, to be an
irrevocable compact between the citizens of the
original States and those who should inhabit the
territory in all future time. I acknowledge, Mr.
President, that, under the power to make treaties,
the Federal Government can acquire territory;
as, also, that the power of conquest is incident to
the power of levying war. But the framers of
the Constitution did not dream that an opportu-
nity for annexation or conquest would ever, pre-
sent itself; they had no conception of the import-
ance of the western country, and far less of our
empire beyond the Mississippi river and upon the
Pacific coast.
The region west of the Mississippi, as well as
that bordering upon the Mexican gulf, belonged
to Spain, then the most splendid of the European
monarchies, and one which has always pursued
the policy of sacrificing the happiness of her peo-
ple at home in order to maintain the integrity of
her foreign dominion. The framers of our Con-
stitution did not contemplate an extension of
the Union in any direction. Canada had a stand-
ing invitation, for nine years, in the Articles of
Confederation; and as she did not accept it during
that period, all hopes of her accession were aban-
doned. I have not said, sir, that the framers of
the Constitution were opposed to an extension of
our boundaries. They saw no probability of it,
and therefore made no provision for Territories
thus to be acquired. Let us not wonder, conse-
quently, at the views entertained by Mr. Jeffer-
son at the time of the Louisiana purchase, and
his suggestion of such an amendment to the Con-
stitution as would affirm that exercise of power.
Unhappily, sir, the advice was not adopted; for
in his time, before abolitionism had arisen to dis-
turb the peace of the Union, some fair, wise, and
just provision could have been made upon this j
subject in the Constitution. I
As apolitical government had been established I
for all the territory supposed to belong to the
United States at thkt time, under the ordinance of
July, 1787, the constitutional Convention deemed
it only expedient to provide for the disposition
and management of the public lands as the prop-
erty of the Union. And hence the clause to
which I have referred not merely fails to confer
legislative or political dominion over the Terri-
tories, but a proposition of that character was en-
tirely rejected. Thus, on the 18th of August,
1787, it was moved, in the convention, that Con-
gress should have power—
" To dispose of the unappropriated lands of the United
States;
" To institute temporary governments for the new States
arising therein."—Journal of the Contention, p. 260.
The first proposition wa^adopted, and is ex-
pressed, substantially, in tlie Constitution; the
second was rejected.
But, sir, the Constitution affords us additional
evidence. Its framers understood the wide dis-
tinction between a clause authorizing Congress
to make " rules and regulations" for the disposi-
tion or management of the public lands, and a
clause conferring upon Congress legislative or
political dominion. In the eighth section of the
first article, among the powers delegated, we
find:
" To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatso-
ever over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as
may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of
Congress, become the seat of the Government of the United
States."
This power was limited, expressly, to a dis-
trict not exceeding ten miles square—so jealous
were our fathers of the authority of the Federal
Government and of the exercise of a power thus
arbitrary in character. Yet, after ail, a power
more despotic and irresponsible has been deduced
—or, rather, its deduction has been attempted—
from language entirely inappropriate, and over a
region greater than the area of the original
States.
Whence, then, is derived the authority of Con-
gress over the Territories ? I answer, Mr. Pres- j
ident, that it is a trust arising from, and expressed '
ill, all the deeds of cession from the States, and
the treaties with France, Spain, and Mexico, by
which we have acquired new domain—a trust for
our citizens who may inhabit those Territories,
and to be exercised solely with a view to their
becoming one of the political communities known
as States in our Union. And, therefore, what-
ever restriction or regulation of a legislative char-
acter would prevent the State, when formed, from
standing on terms of equality with the original
thirteen States, is improper, unjust, and tyran- II
nical, whilst the territorial condition continues.
It may be, sir, that no hand is powerful enough
to stay the exercise of congressional legislation;
and in that sense, perhaps, the authority of Con-
gress would seem to be unlimited. But even un-
limited authority does not confer the sanction of
right upon an arbitrary regulation. I agree with
Edmund Burke, that " arbitrary power is a thing
which no man can give."
A regulation of the domestic and local affairs
of a community—whether you call it a State, a
Territory, or by what title soever—in opposition
to, or disregard of, the wishes of the inhabitants
—restraining them from the advantages enjoyed
by their fellow-citizens in other States or Terri-
tories, for the development of their material re-
sources, the forms of labor which are best suited
to their soil, climate, and circumstances—such a
regulation, in my judgment, is a very gross abuse
of power wherever the power does exist, and a
tyrannical assumption wherever it does not.
And when we consider that the whole scope of
a territorial government is to provide for the fu-
ture admission of the community over which it
exists into the Union as a State, the proposition
becomes too clear for any dispute—except from
those who love to cavil upon trifling distinctions,
or rather upon distinctions without any difference
—that whatever restriction cannot be imposed on
the State after admission, cannot be imposed at
that time; and whatever cannot be imposed as a
requisite to admission, cannot, in good faith, be
imposed during the territorial form of govern-
ment. It would be a distinct breach of the
"trusts" upon which alone Congress exercises
dominion over the Territories—the trusts, name-
ly, of providing for the erection of new States,
and their admission into the Union. For, as was
said by the Supreme Court in the case of Pollard's
Lessee vs. Hagan, already cited—
" Whenever the United States shall have fully executed
those trusts, the municipal sovereignty of the new States
will be complete throughout their respective borders, and
they and the original States will be upon an equal footing
in all respects whatever."—3 Howard, 224.
To forestall the exercise of State sovereignty,
upon a question which is domestic and local in its
character, would be not only unjust and unfair,
but fraudulent.
In apology for such an abuse of power, never-
theless, the Senator from New York declared to
us, in set phrase, that slavery was and ever had
been a mere "outlaw" in our political system.
This proposition, Mr. President, is wholly un-
tenable. So far from being an outlaw, as claimed,
that is the only municipal institution of the States
(as I have shown) over which the Constitution
extends an express protection; and I may add,
that it has existed at some period or other in every
nation, and with every people, of whose history
we have the least record. Nor can there be any
doubt that slavery is recognized*and protected to
the present hour by the law of nations, upon the
high seas, and in all places where it has not been
excluded under the operation of a local law. The
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] cited the
Institutes of Justinian some weeks since, to the
effect that slavery is a creature of the law of na-
tions ;* and thereupon the Senator from New York
attempted te ridicule the citation by informing us
that Justinian was a Roman emperor—and per-
haps a tyrant—who lived many hundreds of years
ago. But, sir, the Senator must know that Jus-
tinian did not invent (and probably never read)
the Institutes which bear his name; that they were
composed by the most learned and eminent men
of the empire, and that to-day, they furnish law
to more than two thirds of the civilized world.
The very paragraph cited by the Senator from
Louisiana is reiterated by Domat, the great ex-
pounder of the civil code in modern times, as well
as by numerous other acknowledged authorities.
Unquestionably, therefore, it is the law, as under-
stood in continental Europe, in Mexico, in Central
and South America. The courts of England teach
the same doctrine. In the case of a French vessel,
Le Louis, engaged in the African slave trade,
which had been seized by an English cruiser, and
brought into port for condemnation, Sir William
* Servitus autem est constitutio juris gentium, qua quis
dominio alieuo, contra naturam, subjicitur.—Book I, title 3,
section 2.
