1896.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
222S
meet, but they are few compared to the number
of committees which we have. I will venture
to say, that if there be such committees having
clerks, the members of the committee, from the
chairman down, find the clerks useful; that is to
say, if those clerks are like the gentlemen whom
I know. There are some clerks connected with
the committees herewith whom I have not a per-
sonal acquaintance; but eo far as my knowledge
extends, the clerks are worthy, though poor men,
and if they have families they have hard work
to live on what they get. I am not in favor of
" extras," but I am not for makingwar on clerks.
I think, when committees have good clerks, who
are used by the members and the chairmen of the
committees to do their corresponding and direct-'
ing, and attend to their departmentbusiness, they
are worth all that we pay for them, not only to
the committees, but to the country. It is money
well spent to employ a good clerk to assist a com-
mittee. When a committee has a good clerk, it
ought to retain him. I am in favor of the resolu-
tion, and I am willing to make it embrace every
committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I can have no reply to make to
the honorable Senator from Illinois, who chooses
to depart entirely from the point which I made,
and bring in an entirely irrelevant matter. I said
nothing as to whether there were or were not
abuses in reference tu the employment of clerks
by committees to whom no clerks are necessary.
I spoke only of my own committee, and the res-
olution which I hacl moved as an amendment. I
leave to other members to vindicate for their own
committees the propriety of the application they
make.
I have been a member of the Committee on the
Judiciary for, I believe, three sessions, probably
four; and I am perfectly satisfied that the com-
mittee is of sufficient importance—that its duties
are of sufficient magnitude, to require an expe-
rienced clerk, who should be a permanent officer.
I am equally satisfied that the sum you allow
him, if paid only during the sessions of Congress,
will not support him unless he is a single man.
I think, therefore, there is nothing against the
interests of*the country, nothing improper or
irregular in your employing him all the year,
although the entire performance of his duties may
not require his close attention for the whole year.
He collects for us, as he has on former occasions,
valuable information during the recess; but the
great necessity for the continuance, as I before-
mentioned, is that he gains experience, which,
if the honorable Senator from Illinois shall ever
become a member of that committee, he will find
is of great importance to a man who first comes
as a new member on the committee. He will
find that it facilitates his labors; and in facilita-
tmghis labors, it facilitates the action of the com-
mittee, and the action of the Senate; and, there-
fore, it is beneficial to legislation to have a com-
petent clerk on yourcommittees. I said nothing
of any other committee. I claim for the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that it is an important
committee. I claim that it has a great deal of
business to do, which requires experience and
knowledge on the part of its clerk; and any
member, who has ever been on it, will, I am sure,
back me in the assertion that a clerk who is com-
petent, with a knowledge of the laws, who knows
how to refer to them readily, and to recur to the
proceedings which took place previously in the
committee, is of inestimable value. You cannot
expect a steady, intelligent man to remain in that
position, and give you the benefit of his expe-
rience, unless you pay him something more than
six dollars a day for nine months at the most in
one year, and three months in the other, which
is six dollars a day for one year out of two, or
three dollars a day continuously.
I think the form m which the compensation is
raised is immaterial. I see no objection to giving
a man six dollars a day during the year any more
than to giving him a salary equal to that, though
he may not be actually employed the whole year.
The object is to pay a competent sum for the
performance of this service. Though the clerk
may not be engaged the whole time in the per-
formance of his services, he can render us valu-
able aid during the recess. He has many facts,
as you know, sir, (Mr. Toombs in the chair,)
from your own experience, to collect in reference
to contemplated amendments of the laws.
_ Under these circumstances, I think the propo-
sition which I submit—I leave it to other gentle-
men as regards their own committees, to make
out their own case—is just and fair. The object
of the resolution I have explained distinctly. I
did not draw it myself, but the object was to give
compensation through the entire year.
Mr. IVERSON. The effect of* the resolution
offered by the Senator from California is very
well understood. If the Senate will look at it, it
cannot be misunderstood at all. It proposes to
pay the clerk of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs in the same way that the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Claims is paid.
Mr. BAYARD. The Finance Committee.
Mr. IVERSON. It is the same thing.
Mr. BAYARD. The one I offered refers to
the pay of the clerk of the Committee on Finance
as the standard.
Mr. IVERSON. The resolution of the Sena-
tor from California, which is the original proposi-
tion, to which all these are appended as amend-
ments, is to pay the clerk of the Committee on
Military Affairs in the same way that the clerk
of the Committee on Claims is paid. Now, the
clerk of the Committee on Claims has been receiv-
ing six dollars a day during the vacation from the
4th of March, 1855, up to the 1st Monday of De-
cember last; and this resolution, if passed, will
pay the clerk of the Military Committee back
rations from the 4th of March to the 1st Monday
of December, 1855. That is the effect of the
resolution—it is simply to give him back rations
for those nine months. The amendments go to
make all these clerks salaried officers—to give
them pay during the vacation as well as the ses-
sion of Congress. The proposition is simply
reduced to this: that every clerk of every com-
mittee of this body will receive six dollars a day
for three hundred and sixty-five days in each
year, equal to $2,000.
While I bear ample and cheerful testimony to
the fidelity and to the promptness and to the
efficiency of the clerks of the two committees on
which I have had the honor to serve—the Com-
mittees on Claims and on Military Affairs—and
am perfectly willing to allow them six dollaisa
day during the sessions of Congress while they
are employed, I cannot conscientiously vote for
giving them six dollars a day during the vaca-
tion. I am satisfied, from my experience and
observation, that even the clerk to the Committee
on Claims, although that is an important com-
mittee, has little else to do during the vacation
than merely keep possession of the papers. The
duties of that committee have been very much
lessened by the establishment of the Court of
Claims. I do not believe the committee clerks are
entitled to, or ought to have, more than six dol-
lars a day during the session of Congress. Why,
sir, according to my observation and experience,
during the session of Congress they do not per-
form half as much duty or service as the clerks in
the Departments who get only $1,200 a year. I
consider that ltis too high compensation. To give
six dollars a day during the session is enough;
but to give them six dollars a day during the
vacation and make them salaried officers at $2,000
a year, it seems to me is piling the agony on too
much. Although I am perfectly willing to pay
the clerks a fair compensation for their services,
I do not believe there is any necessity for ictain-
ing them during the vacation. They are mere
custodians of the papers of a committee, and are
not entitled, in my opinion, to receive this money.
I regret that 1 am compelled lo take this posi-
tion against the clerks of the Committees of Claims
and on Military Affairs, to whose fidelity and
efficiency 1 bear ample testimony. The truth is,
the clerks of the Committees on Finance and
Claims ought never to have had this provision
made for them. It ought to be repealed. That is
my opinion; but if you set the example presented
here to-night, it will result in making every clerk
of every committee of the Senate a salaried officer
at $2,000 a year. I do not think that this is a
good system, and I shall vote against the propo-
sition.
Mr. BRODHEAD. For years past, the Com-
mittee of Claims of the House, and the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means of the House, and the
Committee on Claims and the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate, have had permanent clerks.
So far from the Committee on Claims having; its
duties lessened by the establishment of the Court
of Claims, I say they have been increased,' be-
cause all the business from that court now goes'
before the committee. You must have somebody ;
to keep the cases and pre'pare them, during the*
recess. There is a large number now pending.
If other committees say#it is necessary .to con-
tinue their clerks, I am quite willing to do it}'but
I am opposed to paying them back rations.. I do
not understand that this is to be the result of these
resolutions. If so, I am for abolishing the whole
concern, and then I shall ask leave to resign my
post as chairman of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I desire to correct a mis--
take of fact into which the Senator from Georgia
fell, 1 am sure inadvertently. The original res-
olution is, that the clerk of the Committee on'
Military Affairs shall be paid as the clerk of the
Committee on Claims. That, it is contended,
lelates back to the 4th of March, 1855. The
amendment which I offer, and to which the Sen-
ator from Delaware presents a further amend-
ment, does not propose to fix the salaries of the
two latter named cltrks on the same footing, but
only to continue them at the rate of the clerk of
the Committee on Finance. " They are different
propositions. The Senator from Georgia was
mistaken in supposing that the addition to the
pay of the clerks of other committees would relate
back in like manner as that of the clerk to the
Committee on Claims. They go forward, and
that is all. The proposition is to continue them
in future from this time, and not to go back.
The propositions embraced in the amendment,
and in the original resolution, are entirely dis-
tinct. The proposition in regard to the Commit-
tees op Indian Affairs and on the Judiciary, is
simply a continuance during the recess of these
two clerks.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Georgia
is right in saying that if these different amend-
ments are adopted, to continue the clerks of these
committees during the recess, it will necessarily
earry with it the proposition to make each of the
clerks of the committees permanent during the
year. If so, I cannot stand by and see the clerk
of my committee omitted. I believe his post is
as laborious as that of the clerks of most of the
committees of the Senate. I cannot consent to
have him turned out. during the recess, and the
other clerks retained. I think he has as high
qualifications as any man employed in the*Capi-
tol in the capacity of clerk, and he is as useful to
the country, and stands as much in need of this
patronage. If we are going into this business we
had better reduce it to one formal resolution, that
the clerks of all the committees of the Senate
receive their per diem during the whole year
round. That is, I understand, to be the effect of
what we are doing; but I am unwilling to continue
a portion of these officers without continuing tht?
rest, because you cannot make any just discrim-
ination. The argument of the Senatorfrom Del-
aware applies as much to the clerk of one com-
mittee as of another. If a committee has no need
of a clerk at all, dismiss him; but with commit-
tees that require clerks, familiarity with the
duties, the advantage to be derived from experi-
ence are as useful to one committee as to another.
I hope that, instead of making the amendment
for particular special favorites, you will moke the
resolution general, and either adopt it or reject it.
Mr. MALLORY. I should prefer the propo-
sition of the Senator from Illinois. I hav.®. an
amendment to offer to the original resolution, to
include the clerk of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I shall not vote for any such proposi-
tion, unless the chairmen of the several commit
tees say to the Senate that they deem the services
of those clerks necessary in the recess. I would
not apply for the continuance of the clerk of the
Naval Committee unless 1 thought he could be
I usefully employed in getting up the business of
! the committee during the recess. If there are
I committees which have never assembled, and do
j not need a clerk, they ought to be excluded from
1 the general proposition; but I see no reason why,
! m a general proposition, you should not embrace
| all the clerks of committees, whose chairmen
j vouch for the necessity of their continuance. I
i am free to confess that Congress will adjourn,
leaving on the files of the Naval Committee nu-
J merous case3 which we have not been able to
| take up. I need not «ay anything of ths industry
