1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Scott (than whom there is no more solid author-
ity on questions of international law) declared
even the traffic in slaves upon the high seas to be
one which no nation could render illegitimate to
the citizens or subjects of another. That was in
the High Court of Admiralty, December 15,1817.
(2 Dodson's Adm. Reports, 238.) At Hilary
term, 1820, the Court of King's Bench—Abbott,
Chief Justice; Bayley, Holroyd, and Best, jus-
tices— made a similar decision. (Madrazo vs.
Willes, 3 Barn, and Alderson, 353.) That was
an action brought by the owner of a Spanish
vessel, engaged m the African slave trade, against
the commander of an English armed ship for a
seizure upon the high seas, and the liberation of
the negroes imprisoned.
The Senator from Louisiana cited, also, the
decision of our Supreme Court in the case of a
Spanish vessel, The Antelope, captured with al-
most three hundred negroes on board, brought
from the coast of Africa, which vessel had been
libeled in the admiralty of the United States for
condemnation. It was argued by some of the
ablest lawyers this country has ever produced—
by William Wirt, Attorney General, and Francis
Scott Key, for the appellants; and by John Mc-
pherson Berrien and Charles J. Ingersoll forthe
claimants. The judges were unanimous in the
opinion that slavery is recognized by the law of
nations, and even the African slave trade is not
prohibited. In commenting on this decision, to
be sure, the Senator from New York attempted a
refinement by admitting that a slave trader could
not be called a " piratical"outlaw. Sir, the dis-
tinction amounts to naught. There is no outlaw
upon the seas, except a pirate. He, alone, of all
sailors, is unprotected on the highway of nations.
Thepirate belongs to no country, and his offenses
are against the whole world. Any one is au-
thorized to arrest him, and the courts of any
nation may convict and execute him. In Octo-
ber, 1834, twelve men of Spanish birth were tried
for piracy at Boston, ana seven of them were
convicted and sentenced to death. They had been
captured by a British officer, but, as their last
outrage was committed against an American ves-
sel, they were sent to the United States for trial.
They could as well have been tried and punished
for this offense in England.—(United States vs.
Gibert, 2 Sumner, 24.)
These men were charged as " pirates and fel-
ons," according to the law of nations, and of
course were not sent to Spain for punishment or
trial. But, although Great Britain and the United
States have both denounced the African slave
trade—have declared it to be a capital offense—
our Government cannot punish or otherwise mo-
lest an Englishman for engaging in it. " The
courts of no country," said Chief Justice Mar-
shall, " execute the penal laws of another."
(10 Wheaton, 123.) The African slave trade is
piratical, to be sure, for our citizens, not by the
law of nations, but in virtue of our own statutes.
If any of our citizens should engage in it, there-
fore, we can punish the offense; out no other na-
tion can lay a hand upon him.
The case of a French schooner, La Jeune
Eugenie, in the circuit court for the district of
Massachusetts, has been cited as an opposite de-
cision. Mr. Justice Story held, to be sure, that
inasmuch as the African slave trade had been
forbidden by the laws of France, no claim of own-
ership could be preferred to slaves rescued from
captivity on the high seas in behalf of a French
subject. But instead of pronouncing slavery an
outlaw, the court decided exactly otherwise. What
the Senatorfrom New York read to us two weeks
ago was in reference to the African slave trade
—of which Mr. Justice Story well said, that be-
side the question of enslavement, it involved
necessarily a breach of all moral duties and humane
precepts. As to the institution of slavery, how-
ever, thejudge declared that it hada" legitimate"
existence.—(2 Mason, 445, 446.)
But this is not all. I find that, even prior to
the Constitution, our revolutionary fathers con-
sidered slaves as legitimate property, and extended
to the master all the protection of the confedera-
ted Government. In the provisional articles of
peace with Great Britain, signed at Paris, Novem-
ber 30,1782, by John Adams, Benjamin Franklin,
John Jay, and Henry Laurens, as American
commissioners, it was stipulated that the British
forces should retire from the limits of the United
States without " carrying away any negroes or
other property "of the inhabitants.—(U. S. Stat-
utes, vol. 8, p. 57.) The British commanders did
not observe this article; and General Washington,
after having addressed them several remonstrances
without effect, laid the matter before the Conti-
nental Congress. It was referred to a committee
for consideration; and finally, August 9, 1786, a
resolution was adopted that the Secretary of For-
eign Affairs should cause the numbers, names,
and ownership of all negroes " belonging to the
citizens of each State, and carried away by the
British in contravention of the late treaty of
peace," to be ascertained, and lists thereof made.
(Journals of Congress, vol. 4, p. 680.)
Between the 5tn of April and the 25th of No-
vember, 1783, as Mr. Jefferson tells us, three
thousand negroes were thus taken away; and
bur Government required, and at length com-
pelled, the Government of Great Britain to pay
for them. What authority, then, has the Sen-
ator from New York in asserting that American
slavery is an institution beyond the pale of the
law ? I leave him to the answer which the3e facts
afford. I do not state them, sir, because I admire
the institution, but because they are facts; and it
is our duty to decide all public questions in the
light of truth, upon established principles of law,
Without any perversion of historical records.
I Frequent reference has been made to the legis-
i lation of Congress, in early times, to show that
the original purpose of the Federal Government
! was to exclude slavery from the Territories. I
am willing to abide an impartial reyiew of all
\ those enactments.
In the fifth resolution of the Ohio Legislature,
you will recollect, our attention is specially in-
vited to the scheme of governments adopted by
the Continental Congress on the 23d of April,
1784. It may be found at length in the compila-
tion of the public land laws, and contains no pro-
vision to exclude slavery from the States to be
constituted and afterwards admitted into the
Union. I begin with this scheme, Mr. President,
because it was the first ever proposed; because
Thomas Jefferson is said to have been its author;
because it embodies all the essential features of
the ordinance of July, 1787, except the anti-sla-
very clause. The deed of Virginia to the United
States for the Northwestern Territory was dated
the 1st of March, 1784, so that this scheme fol-
lowed closely upon the cession. I admit, sir, that
a clause was proposed for the restriction of sla-
very after the year 1800, and Mr. Jefferson voted
for it; but his reasons and those of his associates,
as I will soon demonstrate, were of a temporary
and special character. The clause was rejected
at that time, only seven States approving its
principle; and the scheme went into effect with-
out any provision upon that subject. To the
General Assembly of Ohio, therefore, on the 9th
of April, 1856, almost seventy-two years after
the transaction, has been reserved the honor of
discovering that " the original American policy"
was embodied in a clause thus rejected, on full
consideration, by a decisive vote. Sir, to. my
humble apprehension, the " original" policy of
our Government, in this respect, the true "Amer-
ican" policy, should be gathered from thescheme
as it was finally adopted.
Three years later, in the Continental Congress,
Nathan Dane, of Massachusetts, proposed an
ordinance for the government of the Northwest-
ern Territory, and on the 13th of July, 1787, it
received the votes of eight States for adoption.
Mr. Jefferson was then in Europe. The ordi-
nance contains many clauses not authorized by
the Articles of Confederation; and of these, the
most prominent is that for the admission of the
new States to be formed under its provisions.
Accordingly, in the Federalist, No. 36 and No.
42, Mr. Madison declared that it was a clear case
of usurpation by the continental authorities.
With a consciousness of the defect of congres-
sional power in this regard, Mr. Jefferson's
scheme proceeded upon the idea of establishing
colonial States, and that no direct legislative con-
trol could be exercised over them. Provision
was made, consequently, for a charter to be
issued, under the seal of the Confederation, by
which the form of a compact might be assumed,
as between the Congress on the one side, and the
Colonies on the other. Mr. Dane adopted the
same idea for the legislation of July, 1787, and
his ordinance declares that six articles therein
enumerated " shall be considered as articles of
compact between the original States and the
people and States in the Territory, and forever
remain unalterable, unless by common consent."
The anti-slavery clause constituted the sixth and
last of these articles; and I call the attention of
the Senate to the fact, especially, because it '
it explains the series of congressional acts rela-
tive to the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, and Wisconsin, upon which the Sen-
ator from Iowa planted himself.
We have thus seen that in July, 1787, the Con-
tinental Congress adopted a restriction of slavery
which it had rejected three years before. Why
this change? The scheme of 1784 embraced all
the territories ceded and lobe ceded by the States;
but the ordinance of 1787 was limited to the ter-
ritory northwest of the Ohio river, and was based
entirely upon the Virginia cession. Now, sir, it
so happened that from the commencement of the
revolutionary war, until the signature of the Fed-
eral Constitution, in September, 1787, the State
of Virginia was employing all her influence and
all her votes to suppress the African slave trade.
Restrained from the consummation of that pro-
ject by the oft-repeated royal veto upon the colo-
nial statutes, the people of Virginia, in conven-
tion of delegates, August, 1774, agreed neither to
import nor purchase another slave from Africa,
the West Indies, or any place abroad. Four
years afterwards—as soon almost as she had
thrown off British allegiance—Virginia enacted a
law to prohibit the foreign slave trade. Jefferson
was its author; but to Madison's perseverance
and energy (as Jefferson himself said) is due a
large share of the success. In the constitutional
convention, we all know, Virginia proposed that
the introduction of slaves from abroad should be
forbidden after the year 1800, or, if possible, at
once. She was supported in this by Delaware,
New Jersey, and Pennsylvania; but she was de-
feated by the votes of the two Carolinas, Georgia,
and Maryland, with the votes of New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, and Connecticut. New York did
not give her any assistance, and Rhode Island
was not represented. The extreme South wanted
more slaves; the eastern States were engaged in
the African slave trade, and objected to its sup-
pression. I repeat, Mr. President, the three
States of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and
Connecticut—Maine was then a part of Massa-
chusetts, and Vermont of New York—united
with North and South Carolina, Georgia, and
Maryland, on the 25th of August, 1787, in de-
claring that the African slave trade should be tol-
erated until January, 1808, a period of almost
twenty-one years. It was in vain that George
Mason pointed to the example of Virginia, and
implored the convention not to perpetuate slavery
upon the American continent. (Madison Papers,
vol. 3, pp. 1398, 1399.) Newport, in the State
of Rhode Island, was the place from which ves-
sels engaged in the slave trade were fitted out;
but Massachusetts furnished a large portion of
the capital, and realized a share of the profits.
Let us pause here, Mr. President, for one mo-
ment. At this period (1787) the abolition of
slavery was a possible, and even aprobable occur-
rence. The citizens of Virginia, Delaware, Penn-
sylvania, and New Jersey, were anxious to pre-
vent the further influx of slaves, and thus prepare
for the emancipation and colonization of those
already introduced. The slaves of the Carolinas
and Georgia were few in number. There was not
a cotton factory on this continent. The cotton-
gin had not been invented. Cartwright had just
contrived the power-loom, but it was not in use.
The first cotton sent from the United States to
England was in 1785; but it was not until the first
year of Washington's administration (1789) that
sea-island cotton was planted here, and upland
cotton cultivated for exportation. Previous to
that time, of course, slavery was not profitable,
and might have been abolished. I wish to engage
in no criminations; but I must say that it does not
become the New England States at all to quarrel
with the South about slavery, or affect any special
