€14
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
degree of virtue upon the suhject. More slaves
were brought into the Union from abroad between
1787 and 1808, than were here at the time of the
adoption of the Federal Constitution. Madison
•warned the convention, mexpress termSjOf the
consequences which have since ensued. Twenty
•years he said, "will produce all the mischief
that can be apprehended from the liberty to im-
port slaves." (Madison Papers, vol. 3, pp. 1427,
1428, 1429.)
In all Jefferson said or wrote respecting the
institution of slavery, he coupled it with the
African slave trade; and he looked upon the sup-
pression of that as an indispensable prerequisite
"to emancipation. In one of his most remarkable
papers—where he enumerates all those achieve-
ments the memory of which consoled him in j
old age with the reflection that he had not lived |
in vain—we find his Virginia statute for the ab-
olition of the slave-trade; but neither in that paper 1
nor in his elaborate autobiography, nor m any of ;
Lis letters or documents, (50 far as I can remem-
ber,) does he make the least reference to the prop-
osition for excluding slavery from the Territories.
How singular, Mr. President, if he deemed that so
eminentand essential a matter as is now claimed—
if he supposed it to be (as the Ohio Legislature j
declares) an exposition of" the original American 1
policy" on the subject of our territorial govern-
ments—that he should never have imagined it
'worthy of his own comment, notice, or even
recollection!
Jefferson was anxious to suppress the horrors
of the African slave trade; ana as the Congress
of the Confederation had no power to effectuate
this great reform directly, he urged upon the State
of Virginia to circumscribe the market for slaves,
'and thus, indirectly, abate the foreign traffic, by
an exclusion of slavery from all her domain north
and west of the Ohio river. But Virginia had re-
solved to donate this empire to the Confederation,
and therefore referred him to the continental
authorities. He appeared in Congress as a Del-
egate in 1783, aided to complete the cession of the
'Northwestern Territory, and at once offered his
territorial scheme, with an anti-slavery clause, in
"order to accomplish the design which he had ao
'long cherished. He failed, however, as I have
'.stated; but upon James Madison and the other del-
egates from Virginia, in the next Congress, was
.devolved the execution of his purposes. This, sir,
will explain the sixth article of the ordinance
adopted July 13, 1787, excluding the institution
'of slavery from the Northwestern Territory. But
ifter the Federal Constitution had been signed at
^Philadelphia, on the 17th of September, 1787,
>uch an exclusion became entirely useless, inas-
much as a compromise had been made in that in-
strument whereby Congress was empowered to
"suppress the African slave trade in the year 1808.
"The anti-slavery article of the ordinance was dic-
tated, therefore, by reasons of a temporary char-
acter, and, as I will prove in a few moments,
"was purposely omitted in all new cases of terri-
torial government, after the adoption of the Fed-
•eral Constitution.
Perhaps, Mr., President, some Senator may
"suppose that I have dealt in mere conjecture, and
ask me for the witness by whom I establish a
fact of such pregnant and decisive consequences.
Sir, I call him not only from the grave, but from
Silence hitherto as impenetrable almost as the
frave itself. Among the manuscripts purchased
y Congressfrom the executors of James Monroe,
"in the possession of our Committee on the Library,
"and iis yet unpublished, is an original letter from
James Madison, dated Montpelier, February 10,
1820, of which I will read an extract:
«1 have observed as yet, in none of the views taken of
"the ordinance of 1787, interdicting slavery northwest of the
Ohio, an allusion to the circumstance that, when it passed,
.The Congress had no authority to prohibit the importation
.of slaves from abroad; that all tha States had, and some
were in the full exercise oftheright to import them; and, con-
sequently, that there was no mode in which Congress could
check the evil but the indirect one of narrowing the space
«pen for the reception of slaves.
: " Had a Federal authority then existed to prohibit directly
and totally the importation from abroad, can it be doubted
that it would have been exerted, and that a regulation
•having merely the effect of preventing the interior disposi-
tion of slaves actually in the United States, and creating a
^distinction among the States in the degrees of their aover-
would not Iiave been adopted, or perhaps thought
You will recollect, Mr. President, that Madi-
son was a member of the Congress which en-
acted the ordinance. He knew, therefore, all
the circumstances attending its adoption; and
here, by his own hand, those circumstances are
related. The occasion of the letter was itself
solemn, and even momentous. In February,
1820, while the Missouri controversy engaged
universal attention—when the ordinance of 1787
was made the staple (as it has since been) of all
the argument for congressional intervention—we
find that Monroe, then President of the United
States, addressed Madison for advice; and Mad-
ison, from a retirement no longer disturbed bv
partisan suggestions, informed him of the special,
temporary, and exceptional reason upon which
the anti-slavery clause was founded.
Why, sir, let us recall what happened at the
second session of the First Congress. North Car- ;
olina did not come into the Union until after ,
Washington's administration had commenced,
and then at length surrendered her western do-
main—the present State of Tennessee. On the
26th of May, 1790, an act was passed to establish
a government for the region thus ceded. (United
States Statutes, vol. 1, p. 123.) It extended the
provisions of tlie ordinance of July 13, 1787,
except the anti-slavery clause, over the territory of
the United States south of the Ohio river. The
Senator from Iowa undertook to account for this
by a suggestion, that North Carolina so stipulated
in her deed of cession; to which I answer, that if
it had been the established policy of the Govern-
ment (as now pretended) to exclude slavery from
the Territories of the Union, Congress never
would have accepted the grant upon such terms.
The cession of Virginia was rejected by the Con-
tinental Congress from January,1781,until March,
1784, because of certain conditions exacted by
that State,and from which, in October, 1783, her
Legislature receded. So that, if the policy of
Congress had been what the Senator claims,
North Carolina would have been forced to aban-
don the condition proposed.
But the Senator says, also, that Congress tol-
erated slavery in Tennessee, because it existed
there at the time, and prohibited the same insti-
tution in the territory northwest of the Qhio river,
because it did not exist there. The Senator is
misinformed in this particular. There were slaves
in the Northwestern Territory when the ordi-
nance of 1787 was adopted; in fact, sir, there
were none but slaveholaing settlements. These
were at Detroit, now in the State of Michigan,
where the Pawnee Indians were held as slaves,
and at St. Vincennes, Indiana, and Kaskaskia,
Illinois, where negro slavery existed. As late
as February 12, ] 793, slaves were held in the
Territory, by color of law; and the fugitive slave
act of that date, the first ever passed, expressly
provided for their recapture. (United States
Statutes, vol. 1, p. 302.) Moreover, Mr. Presi-
dent, slavery existed in what now constitutes
Indiana and Illinois, despite the ordinance of
July 13, 1787, from the time of its first settle-
ments until after both those States had been ad-
mitted into the Union. In certain resolutions
unanimously adopted December, 1806, by the
Legislature of Indiana Territory, to which I shall
have occasion to allude hereafter, this fact is re-
lated to Congress in the mo3t positive terms.
The first constitution of Illinois, adopted August
i 26, 1818, sanctioned the title to all slaves then
within the State; and Illinois excluded slavery,
as a permanent institution, by a small number of
votes.
In this connection, Mr. President, I would ask
•why, if the anti-slavery clause of the ordinance
of 1787 was intended to have so permanent and
extensive a character as now claimed, did not the
constitutional convention, which was sitting at
Philadelphia at the time of its enactment, embody
that provision in the Constitution of the United
States? It could not have escaped the attention
of the members—many of whom were likewise
members of Congress; and the fact is, as I have
shown, that their attention was directly called to
the question of conferring on Congress a legisla-
tive power over the Territories. All this is inex-
plicable, sir, except in view of the statement con-
tained in Mr. Madison's letter.
It is true that the same Congress which refused
to exclude slavery from the region south of the
Ohio river, had passed an act on the 7th of August,
1789, whereby the ordinance of 1787 was modified
in two unimportant particulars, and that this was
done, as the preamble states, to adapt the ordi-
nance to the Federal Constitution. But thataffirm-
ance rested, as did all the subsequent acts for the
subdivision of the Northwestern Territory and
the admission of the States formed out of it, upon
an idea that the ordinance was (as its own terms
declare) a ".compact" between the people of the
Territory and the people of the thirteen original
States, and was " forever" unalterable. Even in
the act of April 19,1816, for the admission of In-
diana as a State, it is recited that the six articles
of the ordinance to which I have alluded, were
"irrevocable" articles. (United States Statutes,
vol. 3, p. 289.) I do not acknowledge that this
was a correct exposition of the legal effect of the
Constitution of the United States upon the ordi-
nance; but I say that it was the opinion enter-
tained by Congress and by all the courts of the
northwestern States, until December, 1850, when
the case of Strader vs. Graham, 10 Howard, 82,
was decided by the Supreme Court here. It is
merely idle, then, to cite either the ordinance or
the act of August 7,1789, or any of the acts relat-
ing-to the Northwestern Territory or States, as
an indication of the general policy of the Consti-
tution or of Congress.
A great deal has been said in praise of the
ordinance, here and elsewhere, as if it were the
perfection of human achievement. How singu-
lar that, like the Missouri restriction of March
6, 1820, its virtues should not have been discov-
ered until after it ceased to exist. During the
whole period of its operation in the Territory
now constituting the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, the ordinance was disliked and even de-
tested by the people. Why should this have
been otherwise ? Until the Territory contained
five thousand free male inhabitants of full age,
the legislative authority was vested in a Governor
and three judges, appointed by the President,
and not responsible, in any degree, to those over
whom they exercised so great a dominion. That
this authority was abused by the Governor and
judges, there are many records of Congress to
demonstrate.
The ordinance invested the Governor with an
absolute veto, one that all the members of the
Territorial Legislature together could not over-
rule. It was exercised by the first Governor,
Arthur St. Clair, so frequently, and in a manner
so reckless and wanton, as to have left an im-
pression to this hour upon the political character
of Ohio. In May, 1851, almost half a century
after the ordinance had ceased to operate, a con-
vention of delegates assembled to revise the State
constitution; and although experience had shown
the wisdom of a qualified or limited veto, such
as the President exercises, the tradition of St.
Clair's despotism was so vivid, and the senti-
ment of the people so well understood, that all
attempts to confer a like authority upon the Gov-
ernor met with signal defeat. Never, since Ohio
was a State, has the veto power been tolerated
in any shape or form.
The ordinance required a property qualifica-
tion for all officers and electors. A member of
the Territorial Legislature was required to have,
in his own right, a fee-simple of two hundred
acres, and an elector a like estate in fifty acres;
, and this, sir, at a time when the public lands
' were sold only in large tracts, and at enormous
, prices. Against such a restriction upon the right
1, of suffrage the inhabitants of the Territory pro-
tested from first to last.
Ohio has been styled, of late years, the " first-
born" of the ordinance. This title is one which,
in early times, she would have considered as no
compliment. Certainly she was not a dutiful
child. Her State government was formed with-
out the sanction, and against the will of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature. It was upon an earnest
appeal from the inhabitants—disqualified to vote,
most of them, under the ordinance—that the act
of April 30, 1802, to authorize the adoption of a
State constitution was passed. Even the Dele-
gate in Congress, elected, of course, by the " qual-
ified" voters, opposed it. But President Jefferson
1 lent his ear and his influence nobly to the com-
