THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
August 16.
of that committee. They sit very regularly, in-
deed; and X. am free to say that we find a clerk
iadispensable. If the clerks of the Military
Committee and the Conwnittee on Claims are to
ha allowed this compensation, I- deem it proper
to staite that it, is necessary- to get ujj our back
business during the recess; our clerk is perfectly
familiar with all subjects'touching nayal affairs;
he has given a great deal of attention to thom,
and w(s cannot well dispense with his services.
Mr. CLAY. I shall vote against all these propo-
sitions, unless perhaps as to the clerk of the. Com-
mittee ©a Finance. Theseclerks,under resolutions
submitted in the last hours of the session, since I
have had a seat in this body, have been receiving
$3,190- per annum. They receive, during one
Congress, more than many of the Senators who
sit on this floor. Many of them are perfect sine-
curists, so far as the duties of the committees of
the Senate are concerned. Many of them have
very little to do, and what they do, as far as my
observation goes, is for the benefit of the chair-
men of the committees. I never had a clerk to
write my letters; none of them have been aman-
uenses for me; none of them direct my documents.
1 employ a clerk, and I pay lum to do that busi-
ness, or so much of it as I do not do myself. X
am opposed to continuing this system. As has
been suggested, let us come out fairly and boldly,
and giva these clerks a salary such as we think
is competent, or let us restrict them to their six
dollars a day during the sittings of Congress. I
am not disposed to employ men during the recess
of the Senate, simply to go and occupy the room
in which a committee may sit. I think we ought
to stop this system. Either give them a fixed
salary, or confine them to their per diem during
the sessions of the Senate. I have never had any
of them to serve me in any other capacity than
as a member of a committee. They do servo
useful purposes to the chairman of a committee,
and 1 confess I have frequently felt the want of a
clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt it is a
very great convenience to the chairman of a com-
mittee to have a clerk to write his letters, to run
to the Departments for him, and to direct his doc-
uments; but! am utterly astonished that it should
be insisted here that that is a correct practice. X
 m astounded that the Senator from Indiana
should come out and say, if there is no other rea-
son for a clerk, he is useful to the chairman of
the committee to write letters and frank docu-
ments.
Mr. BRIGHT.
" frank."
Mr. TRUMBULL. To direct documents.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir; I used that term.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stand corrected—to di-
rect documents, I do not suppose it is one of the
appendages attached to the position of chairman
of a committee that he is to have a clerk to attend
to business of that character for him. I should
like to know—ithas not yet been disclosed—what
the salary of the clerk of the Finance Committee
is. As tlie chairman of that committee is present,
I should be glad it" he would inform me.
Mr. HUNTER. One thousand eight hundred
dollars, the same as the clerks in the Secretary's
office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the year or fbr the
session ?
Mr. HUNTER. For the year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, it is proposed to
pay six dollars a day to some other clerks, which
will amount to $2,190; not merely $'.2,000, as the
Senator from Georgia said.
Mr MALLORY. That cannot be so.
Mr. TRUA1BULL. Six dollars a day, for three
hundred and sixty-live days, amounts to $2,190.
Mr. IVERSON. I was under the impression
that they got paid for only three hundred working
days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe they never ex-
clude Sundays in a calculation of that sort. I
consider this a very great abuse. Nothing could
be attended with less excuse for the expenditure
of public money than to pay the clerk of a com-
mittee which has not met at all. I stated that I
was not familiar with the meetings of the com-
mittees.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator name the com-
mittee to which he refers, that never met at all ?
Mr. TRUMBULL; Tie Senator from Mai^a-
1 did" not tise the word
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] when I was speaking
before, stated to me that there -was some com-
mittee that had a clerk which had not had a meet-
ing at all during the session.. I do not know to
what committee he referred. I have heard before
that there was such committees in this body at
former sessions-, -who had. clerks. I ha^c no per-
sonal knowledge of the facts, but I have under-
stood that committees have had clerks-, who did-
not meet at all. I think that is a very great
abuse. I am opposed to paying persons in this
way. I do not wish to be understood as oppos-
ing a reasonable, fair, and adequate compensation
to a clerk for services performed. I am well
aware that a clerk is necessary for some com-
mittees of this body, and it must be so. I am
entirely willing that he should be paid, and I will
not stickle about a few dollars in the amount of
his salary; but I think this matter should be reg-
ulated properly. It should be stated on the face
of the resolution what the pay is, that we may all
understand it. I hope these resolutions will not
be suffered to pass in the shape in which they are.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, we have, if I un-
derstand the rules of this body, a committee to
audit and control the contingent expenses of the
Senate; and it seems to me that a proposition of
this kind in reference to these clerks ought to
havebeen referred to that committee. Iintroduced
a resolution for the purpose of paying, during the
recess only, the compensation that is nowreceived
by the clerk of the Committee on Private Land
Claims. I was induced to do that by the con'sid-
eration operating on my mind that the business
before that committee was of such an important
character as required investigation, particularly
in regard to one claim, between now and the next
session of Congiess.
It seems to me that there ought to be equality
in this matter; and if we are going to pay these
clerks during the recess, (and that is as far as 1
am willing to go—not to make them permanent
appointments,) all ought to receive the same com-
pensation. 1 understand that the clerk of the
Finance Committee gets a salary of $1,800 a
year, and the other clerks a per diem of six dol-
dollars. I propose that the-clerks of those com-
mittees which actually need the services of their
clerks during the recess, shall be paid a pro
rata compensation, the same as is received by the
clerk of the Committee on Finance. I think
that would be equalizing the matter, and would
afford an ample compensation for these clerks in
the recess, and not make them, as is proposed
by this resolution, permanent appointments, to
receivc a compensation beyond the amount now
paid to the clerk of the Committee on Finance.
1 move, therefore, as a substitute for this resolu-
tion and amendments,
Tliat tin- Committees on Claims, on Military AflnnN, on
thp Judiciary, on Indian Afldirst on Private Lund Claims,
mid on Naval AlUirs 
which it is stilted are necessary for the purpose
of investigating cases during the recess—
be authorized to continue the employment of tlieir several
clerkri during the rectus; and that the haul cieiks he paid
the ]>ro ruia (,<Hiij)i;nMUjoii now paid to the clerk ot the
Committee on Finance.
If we had time, I think this is a subject which
ought to be referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate; but it is too late to do that. It seems to me
that it is only just to these clerks to equalize their
pay. U is proposed, by the several committees
which I have named m my resolution, that then-
clerks should be continued during the recess.
This confines them to the recess, and does not
make them permanent officers, to receive a com-
pensation after the adjournment of the present
Congress on the 4th of March next.
Mr. WILSON. Complaints have been made
that there have been great abuses in regard to the
appointment of clerks of the various committees
of the Senate and of the House of Representa-
tives. I am told that there are two of the com-
mittees, if not more, in this body, that have not
met during this session, who have had clerks at
a salary of six dollars a day, or $1,5(>0 for the
session. Itmaybe very convenient for the chair-
men of those committees to have clerks at an ex-
pense of $1.5G0 ayear to the public; butl believe
that is not right, and it ought not to be sustained
by the Senate. I ought to speak, and intend to
speak, very carefully in regard to the importance
of elerks for the various committees. I am a new
member of this body; and I have not had at this
session, and do not expect at any session while
I am here, to have much to do with the commit-
tees of this body. It seems to me that there are
afe w committees which ought to. have good clerks j
but there are many committees of this body that
do not need a clerk at all. I am opposed to these
propositions. That the Committee on Finance
and the Committee on Claims shall have a per-
manent clerk, appears to me to be reasonable.
When we have provided for them I think we have
gone quite far enough. You, sir, (Mr. Toombs
m the chair,) areamemberof the judiciary Com-
mittee, and know the importance of your clerk;
but I think the Judiciary Committee cannot have
an extraordinary amount of business for a clerk,
and especially during the vacation of the Senate.
I think that, if these propositions to pay a per-
manent salary to clerks of committees which
never need a clerk, be passed, it will be under-
stootf by the country as an extravagant measure,
and that these gentlemen are to be used during
this vacation for political purposes, and for the
special purposes of gentlemen connected with
committees. I hope we shall adopt no policy of
this kind. I agree in the remarks made by some
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber, that
we have gone quite far enough in this mattter.
Mr. WELLER. Is there any reasonable way
of bringing the Senate to a decision on this im-
portant question ? It is now half past three o 'clock
on Sunday morning, and we are engaged in the
discussion of a question as to the compensation
that shall be allowed to the clerks of our-com-
mittees. It is a very grave and a very serious
question—one which involves a large amount of
public money and perhaps the liberties of the
country. [Laughter.]
A Senator. And the Constitution.
Mr. WELLER. One might suppose so, from
the gravity with which it is discussed. There are
certain committees in the Senate which in my
judgment require clerks. I would not undertake
to discharge the duties of chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs without a clerk. I am
very sure that I should be utterly unable to dis-
pose of the various cases referred to that commit-
tee unless I had the assistance of a clerk. The
Senator from Massachusetts is afraid that the
clerks will be used for political purposes, that
they will be used in franking documents deroga-
tory to the character of the candidate of the great
Republican party now in the field, flushed with
hopes of success, entertaining no doubt whatever
of their^ability to come into the possession of the
honors and emoluments of this Government on
the 4th of March next. What I desire to say in
regard to the clerk of the Committee on Military
Affairs on that point is, that I do not propose to
engage him in any such business. I propose that
he shall attend strictly to military affairs. I in-
tend to devote my time to the political question
myself. I will look out for that. If he will attend
to those duties which appertain to the Military
Committee, I will attend to the other.
No one has been more assiduous, I am sure,
than the clerk of the Committee on Military
Affairs. The Senate may judge for themselves.
If the amount of business sent to that committee
is nut sufficient to show the necessity of a clerk,
1 would not ask for his continuance. I hold that
that there is as much business before that com-
mittee as before the Committee on Claims. There
was a time when the Committee on Claims was
an important one, and had an immense amount
j of labor to perform; but we have established a
I Court of Claims. They pass upon all these cases;
j they examine the whole of them; they collect the
' testimony; they report; and the chairman of the
committee can, in five minutes, determine whether
a claim reported by them be a just one or not;
so that, so far from that being an important com-
mittee, I regard it as unimportant and secondary
to some of the committees which have never had
clerks, and in pointof rank itis next to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. [Laughter.] This
whole difficulty was introduced by the chairman
of the Committee on Claims himself. He came
in the other day and had a resolution for his clerk
passed, and of course the rest of us who repre-
sented committees that rank at least with his,
have come in and asked to put them on an equal
footing, which my resolution Attains.
