62.4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
' Would the Senator advocate a policy of that
sprt?- Are we to fold our arms, are we to sus-
pend ajl our improvements in this country, be-
cause, forsooth, John Bull may become offended,
and suppose we entertain hostile views towards
him? That seems to be the argument of the
honorable and distinguished Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] who has objected to this
bill because it may be construed into a hostile
demonstration on the part of this Government.
Sir, I must express my surprise at the course
which the honorable Senator from New York has
exhibited during this session. At the commence-
ment of the session, when the debate originated
on the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, that honorable
Senator mode what was considered here and else-
where as a most warlike speech. With a spirit
of manliness and patriotism which I thought did
fyim honor, he came to the support of the Admin-
istration on this important and delicatc subjcct.
He said that the Administration had taken the
proper course, that the construction which it had
put on the Clayton-Bulwer treaty was the correct
construction, and that he was not only disposed
tp support the Administration, but to support it
even to the extentof war, if war should be neces-
sary, to sustain the rights and honor of the coun-
try. To use an expression which the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire has rendered class-
ical on this occasion, he made the most, bellicose
speech that was uttered in the Senate. lie was
noteven behind the distinguished gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
When I heard these various speeches at the
opening of the debate, I congratulated myself that
there was a general unity and conformity of sen-
timent amongst the three parties of the country
on this great and important subject. The distin-
guished Senator from Delaware! [Mr. Clayton,]
not now in his seat, is understood to be at the
head of what is called the American party—what
we call the Know Nothing paity. The" Senator
from New York stands at the head and front, of
what he and his friends call the Republican party,
but what their opponents call, from then-peculiar
idiosyncracy, the Black Republican party. The
distinguished Senator from Michigan is the em-
bodiment, as well as the leader of the great Dem-
ocratic party of the Union. These gentlemen,
standing thus at the head of the three great Amer-
ican parlies, all came together and expressed
the same sentiments, the same feelings, and
the same high-minded and honorable patriotism
which, I tiust, will, on every proper occasion, be
exhibited by the whole American people. But,
sir, the Senator from New York, now, and in one
or two other speeches which he has done us the
honor rccentlv to present to us, seems to be back-
ing out from his former manly position which he
occupied in the early part of the debate. Then
he was like Mars, wuh his panoply over him and
shield ready for weir: now he is as tender as a
sucking dove. Then lie was for war, if war was
necessary; now he is for peace; and he is against
any measure which may have the semblance of a
desire on the part of this Government to go to
war with England. I do not understand the policy
which the Senator from New York has exhibited.
Ido not understand the policy of blowing hotand
blowing cold in the same breath, of backing and
filling for which the honorable Senator seems to
have so much taste.
Mr. President, 1 am not one of those who be-
lieve, or affect to believe, that there is no danger
of a war with Groat Britain. I do not believe
that war ought to spring, out of the negotiations
and difficulties which now exist between tlusGov-
ernmentand that, and I trustnowar will ensue; but
I cannot shut my eyes to the conclusion that there
is danger—imminent danger—of war between but
two countries. What is the position of this Govern-
ment in relation to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty?,
It is that we demand of Great Britain an execu-
tion of that treaty according to our construction I
of it. Is not that what the Administration has I
demanded5 Assuredly it is. It is what the Sen- |
ator from New York himself has argued and |
defended. It is a demand on the part of this j
Government, of Great Britain, that she shall faith- j
fully and properly execuce the treaty recording j
to its terms. Suppose Great Britain shall continue |
obstinate, and frnally shall decide that she will not !
execute the treaty according to our construction !
of it, what will this Government do? Perhaps i
the honorable Senator would have them do as a
celebrated captainof horse, one of the constituents
of my honorable friend from Alabama, once did
on a similar occasion. He was the commandant
of a troop of horse in what was called the Creek
war of 1836, and one of his neighbors, who knew
him well and watched the progress of his warlike
movements denounced him among his neighbors
as more of ahorse thief than a horse commander.
Upon one occasion, after this accusation had come
to the ears of the redoubtable captain, at a muster
ground in his county, he was exceedingly hostile
and very brave. He said that this man had
accused him of being a horse-thief, and if he
came there he would give him a personal chas-
tisement for his insolence. The words were
scarcely out of his mouth, when the individual
rode up, and, tying his horse, came into the crowd.
The captain at once invited him to go behind the
groggery to have a private interview, and there
he said to him, " Sir, I understand that you have
accused me of being a horse-thief; I desire to
know, sir, whether you said so?" The gentle-
man very modestly told him, 11 Yes, sir, I presume
I did say so, because that is my opinion of you;
now, sir, what do you want?" "Oh, nothing,
sir; I only thought I would ask you." [Laughter.]
Surely this cannot be the disposition of the
American people. Are we to bluster up to John
Bull and talk about warlike measures, and then, if
he does not execute this treaty, and determines
not to do it, are we to say, " Our object was merely
to ascertain your opinion upon this subject?" Is
that the policy which this Government is to pur-
sue towards Great Britain? Is that unmanly,
cowardly, and degrading policy the course which
our Government is to pursue on this important
subject? I trust not.
What, then, would be the result of a final re-
fusal on the part of Great Britain to execute the
treaty according to its terms—according to our
understanding of its terms? Wc must either
back out from the position which we have as-
sumed, or wc must go to war with Great Britain
to enforce the position we have taken. One of
the two is inevitable. Some gentlemen advocate
the policy of abrogating the treaty; but what
should be accomplished bv that? Suppose we
should abrogate it, would that deprive Great Brit-
am of her possession (which we dispute) of a
portion of Central America? No, sir, it would
not have that effect. What effect would it have ?
What good would it do? Others advocate the
policy of not only abrogating the treaty, but of
repealing our neutrality laws so far as Central
America is concerned, and if a proposition of that
sort were brought forward I would vote for it to-
morrow. Suppose wc were to do that, and were
to allow our nllibusters to go to Central America
and join Walker's government, they would very
soon possess the land, and probably they would
oust Great Britain of her possession there; but
that would bring Nicaragua into conflict with
Great Britain. War between those nationswould
necessarily ensue, and our honor would demand
of us to support Nicaragua. We could not avoid
it and act with honor. It would necessarily in-
volve us in a war with Great Britain.
View this subject as you please, sir, it seems
to me that there is not only danger, hut imminent
danger, of a war with Great Britain. I admit that
my opinion cannot stand by the side of those of
the "potent, grave, and reverend sigmors" who
have expressed different opinions; but, neverthe-
less, it is my opinion, and 1 give it for what it is
worth. What would bo the condition of the
United States if we were precipitated into a war
with Great Britain? She is now about to make a
peace with Russia; and if that peace be now con-
cluded, Great Britain will be in the best condition
she has ever been in since the foundation of the
Government to the present day, for a war with
the United States. She has a larger naval arma-
ment than she has ever had before. She has a
laigcr and better-appointed army than she has
heretofore boasted of; she has the most magni-
ficent materials of war that any country or any
age has ever seen. In the event of a war between
Great Britain and the United States, this immense
naval armament, this stupendous fabric of an
army would be precipitated on the United States.
What would be our condition to meet them?
Notwithstanding the weak condition in which we
should be placed towards such tremendous and
overpowering forces as Great Britain would have
it in her power to bring against us, we stand here
and talk about voting $3,000,000 to increase the
arms of the United Slates !
Sir, the policy of the Father of his Country,
his injunction to us, was, in time of peace to pre-
pare for war; but the honorable Senator from
Tennessee reverses the proposition of the great
Washington. His policy is not to prepare for
war in time of peace, but to prepare for war when
war is upon us. Sir, I differ from the honorable
gentleman as to the true policy of this Govern-
ment. If England enters into apeace with Russia,
with her immense armament and the powerful
sinews of war which she now possesses, m the
opinion of the Senator from Michigan, with which
I concur, it would be an inducement for her to
adhere firmly and obstinately to the position
which she has assumed in relation to the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. I believe that the British Ministry
are hostile to this Government, and that there is
but one possible manner in which war between
that Government and this can be avoided. She
would not be willing to come in collision with
the United States if the peace conferences at
Paris should end fruitlessly—she would have her
hands full with Russia; but if peace should be
established, with all her present means of offens-
ive and aggressive warfare in her hands, with
the hostility of the British Ministry exhibited as
it has been exhibited against this country, there
is but one hope of peace between the two nations;
and that is, that the popular voice in Great Britain
may control the British Ministry. Whether it
wili do so or not, is not for mo to decide. The
British Government enters into questions of war
without reference to the popular voice. They are
not, as is the Administration in this country, con-
trolled by the voice of the people.
We have every reason to believe that a war is
imminent between this country and Great Brit-
ain; and if it is to come, we ought to be prepared
for it. We should not only have our Navy in-
creased to an extent equal to the emergency, but
wc should put all our coast cities in a state of de-
fense, and I would even go as far as the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from New Hampshire,
and put our lake coast also in a state of de-
fense. It can do no harm. This appropriation of
$3,000,000 will be useful, even without war. It
is called for by the Administration for the pur-
pose of putting old arms into a good condition.
The Senator fiom California, who is chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, states to the
Senate that the number of old arms distributed
heretofore to the States amounts to three hundred
thousand, and that it will require more than
$1,000,000 to make those arms useful to the peo-
ple in whose hands they arc. Is this nothing to
be accomplished? Ought not this to be done,even
without reference to the contingency of a war?
Besides, the construction of new arms ought to
keep pace with the improvements which the
world has made.
Mr. President, all these various considerations,
even without reference to the probability of war,
make this appropriation, at least, plausible; I
should consider it proper. It is our duty, how-
ever, to look to the difficulties which exist be-
tween this Government and Great Britain. The
Senator from New Hampshire advocates the ref-
erence of the dispute to arbitration. I do not
believe the present Administration is willing to
arbitrate this great subjcct. For one, I should be
opposed to that course. 1 do not think we could
refer this question to any nation without dishonor
to the American people. We have taken our po-
sition, and on that position T think the American
people are determined to stand. They will sup-
port this Administration, or any other who shall
exhibit firmness and patriotism' in behalf of the
rights, interests, and honor of tnis great nation.
For these reasons, and others to which I might
advert, if time permitted, I am in favor of the
appropriation contained in this bill, and shall
cnecrfully vote for it.
Mr. BROWN obtained the floor.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator from Mississippi
allow me to put the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia right?
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to yielding
the floor temporarily, if I can retain my right
to it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
