1896.§
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
C15
34th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
plaints of an oppressed people. The act of Con-
gress enlarged tW right of suffrage at the election
tor members of the convention far beyond the
provisions of the ordinance. In truth, Mr. Pres-
ident, the ordinance was trodden under foot by
the people, and all who then exercised authority
under it were treated with contempt and derision.
While the convention was in session at Chilli-
eothe, Governor St. Clair demanded the right of
addressing it in his official character; but the del-
egates refused to recognize him—refused to hear
him at all, until ho asked the privilege merely as
an individual. They required him to disband
the Territorial Legislature which had appointed
a session at Cincinnati about that time. Of this,
however, there was no need; the Legislature had
been driven from Chillicothe by a popular tumult
the previous year, and its members concluded not
to provoke such extremities again. There never
■was a community so disgusted with its form of
government.
Strange to relate, Mr. President, one of the
most obnoxious features in the ordinance at that
time was the anti-slavery clause. It was evaded
in Ohio by a simple process. An indenture was
executed in Virginia by which a slave covenanted
to serve his master for life; and then the slave
was taken to the Northwestern Territory as an
apprentice. To such an extent did this prevail
under the ordinance, that wTien the first constitu-
tion of Ohio was adopted, November 29, 1802, a
provision was inserted to annul such indentures
thereafter.
In the residue of the Territory, Indiana and
Illinois, this question assumed a more serious
importance. In November, 1802, while the Ohio
convention was in session, the inhabitants of the
Indiana Territory (comprising what is now Illi-
nois as well as Indiana) eleeted delegates to a
territorial convention, by which their grievances
might be considered and made known to Con-
gress. The convention assembled at Vincennes !
in December of that year, and General Harrison |
presided over its deliberations. A memorial to j
Congress was prepared, signed, and sent to the |
House of Representatives. The original docu- 1
ment is now before me—authenticated by Gen- ;
era] Harrison's signature and by the territorial <
seal—taken from the files of the House of Repre- 1
sentatives. As it has never been printed, to my j
knowledge, I will read those paragraphs which
relate to the prohibition of slavery and to qual- J
ified suffrage:
2b tie Senate rnnd House of Representative)  f the United
Statet in Congret* mttembled :
The memorial and petition of tbe inhabitants of the In-
diana Territory respectfully showeth :
That nine tenths of your memorialists being of opinion
thai tbe sixth article of compact, contained in tbe ordinance
for the government of the Territory, hag been extremely
prejudicial to their interest and welfare, requested the Gov-
ernor, by petitions from each of tbe several counties, to
call a general convention of the Territory for the purpose
of taking the sense of the whole people, fair their represent-
atives, on a subject to them so interesting, and of afterwards
taking such measures as to them might seem meet, by pe- ,
tition to your honorable bodies, not only tor obtaiuing tbe ;
repeal or suspension of tlie said article of compact, but also '
fpr that of representing and petitioning for the passage of j
such other laws as would, in the opinion of die convention, {
be conducive to the .general welfare, population, and hap- .
Bines* of this distant and unrepresented portion of the
United States.
This convention is now sitting at Vincennes, and have
agreed to make the following representation to the Con-
gress of the United States—not in the least doubting but
that everything they can desire (not prejudicial to the Coa-
Etitution or to the interest of tbe General Government) will
readily be granted to them.
The sixth article of compact between the United States
and the people of the Territory, which declares there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in it, has pre-
vented the country from populating, and been the reason
of driving many valuable citizens possessing slaves to the
Spanish side of the Mississippi—most of whom, but for the
prohibition contained in tbe ordinance, would have settled
In this Territory—and the consequence? of keeping that
prohibition in force will be that of obliging the numerous
class of citizens disposed to emigrate to seek an asylum in
that country where they can be permitted to enjoy their
property.
Your memorialists, however, and the people 'they repre-
sent, do not wish for a repeal of this article entirely, but
that it may be suspended for the term of ten years, and then
to be again in force ; but that the slaves brought into the
Territory during the continuance of this suspension, and
their progeny, may be considered and continued in the same 1
state of servitude as if they had remained in those parts of j
the United States where slavery is permitted, and from i
whence they may have been removed. |
Your memorialists further show, that they view that part
of the ordinance (br the government of the Territory which
requires a freehold qualification in fifty acres of land, as
elector tbr members to the General Assembly, as subversive
of the liberties of the citizcns, and tending to throw too
great weight in the scale of wealth. They, therefore, pray
that the right of sutfrage (in voting for representatives to
the General Assembly) may be extended to the free male
inhabitants of the Territory, of the a<ie of twenty-one years
and upwards, but under such regulations and restrictions as
to you in your wisdom may seem proper.
**********
Your memorialists are well aware that the consideration
^ of the numerous objects contemplated by this memorial
will require more time than can well be spared from the
important and general concerns of the Union; but when
they reflect upon their neglected and orphan-like situation,
they are emboldened to hope that their wants and wishes
will meet with all the indulgence and attention necessary
to secure to them the relief which is so essential to their
welfare and happiness.
Done at Vincennes, in the Indiana Territory, the 98th
day of December, in the year of our Lord 1802, and of the
Independence of the United States the twenty-seventh.
By order of the convention,
WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON,
President, and delegate from the county of Knox.
Test:
John Rick Jones, Secretary.
[Territorial seal.]
This memorial was presented to the House of
i. Representatives on the 8th of February, 1803,
ana was referred to Messrs. Randolph, Griswold,
Robert Williams, Lewis R, Morris, and Hoge,
as a select committee.
On the 2d of March, 1803, the committee made
an adverse report on both the particulars which
I have specified. (American State Papers, '• Pub-
lic Lands," vol. 1, p. 160.) This was referred,
says the Clerk's indorsement, to " a Committee
of the Whole House to-morrow." The morrow,
unfortunately, was the last day of the Congress,
and the subject, of course, was not considered.
Two facts are worthy of notice in this connection:
First: The African slave trade had not been abol-
ished; it was still entitled to a license of five
. years, almost, under the Constitution. Second:
: A scheme for the concerted insurrection of slaves
i in Virginia had been discovered three years pre-
viously, and the public mind had not recovered
from that alarm.
On the 15th of December, 1803, the memorial
was again considered, together with the report
of the select committee, and thereupon Messrs.
Rodney, Boyle, and Rhea, of Tennessee, were
appointed a new committee to examine it. These
gentlemen reported, February 17, 1804, in favor
of the prayer of the petition, and especially that
the sixth article of the ordinance should be sus-
pended for ten years, " so as to permit the intro-
. auction of slaves born within the United States
, from any of the individual States." (Am. State
.Papers, "Miscellaneous," vol. 1, p. 387.) In
i respect of limited suffrage in the Territories, the
t committee said:
j " It must be the true policy of the United States, with
, the millions of acres of habitable country which she possess-
es, to cherish those principles which gave birth to her in
dependence and created her a nation, by affording an
asylum to the oppressed of all countries."
A resolution was reported, therefore, contem-
plating what is now called " alien" suffrage.
This report, also, was committed to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, bui never was consid-
ered, I suppose, as there is no trace of any vote
or discussion.
At the next Congress, December 18,1805, the
subject was again brought.before the House, and
was referred to Messrs. Garnett, Morrow of
Ohio, Parke, Hamilton, Smith of South Car-
olina, Walton, and Van Cortlandt. This com-
mittee reported in favor of the petition, February
14,1806. (Am. State Papers," Miscellaneous,''
vol. 1, p. 450.)
It will be noticed that Jeremiah Morrow, then
the sole Representative of the State of Ohio, was
a member of the committee; and, as the report was
unanimously made, it might be well to ascertain
what his opinions were. I will quote, therefore,
from this document:
| " Having attentively considered the facts state4 in the
, said petitions and memorials, they are of opinion that a
qualified suspension, for a limited time, of the eixth article of
the compact between the original States and the peofiie and
States west of the river Ohio, would be beneficial to tlie
people of the Indiana Territoiy. The suspension of this
article is an object almost universally desired in that Terri-
tory. It appears to yonr committee to be a question en-
tirely, different from that between slavery and freedom,
> inasmuch as it would merely occasion tlie removal of per- ,
sons, already slaves, from one part of the country to another.
The good enects of this suspension, in the present instance,
would be to accelerate the population of that Territory,
hitherto retarded by the operation of that article of compact,
as slaveholders emigrating into th ewextern country uiight
then indulge any preference which they might feel for a set-
tlement in the Indiana Territory, instead of seeking, as
they are now compelled to do, settlements in other States
or countries permitting tlie introduction of slaves. The
condition of tlie. slaves themselves would be much amelio-
rated by it, as it is evident from experience that the more
they are separated and diffused, the more care and attention
are bestowed on them by their masters; each proprietor
having it in his power to increase their comforts and conve-
niences in proportion to thesmallness oftheir numbers. The
dangers, too, (if any are to be apprehended,) from too large
a black population existing in any one section of country,
would certainly be very much diminished, if not entirely
removed. But whether dangers are to be feared from this
source or not, it is certainly an obvious dictate of sound
policy to guard against them as fhr as possible. If this dan-
ger does exist, or there is any cause to apprehend it, and
our western brethren are not only willing but desirous to
aid us in taking precautions agninst it, would it not be wise
to accept their assistance? We should benefit ourselves
without injuring them, as their population must always so
far exceed any black population which can ever exist in
that country, as to reuder the idea of danger from that source
chimerical.
" Your committee consider the regulation contained In
the ordinance for the government of the territory of tbe
United States, which requires a freehold of fifty acres of
land as a qualification for an elector of the General Assem-
bly, as lihiiting too much the elective franchise. Some
restriction, however, being necessary, your committee con-
ceive that a residence continued long enough to evince a
determination to become a permanent inhabitant, should
entitle a person to the rights of suffrage. This probationary
period need not extend beyond twelve months."
Thecommittee reported these resolutions, with
others, for adoption:
" That the sixth article of the ordinance of 1787, which
prohibits slavery within the Indiana Territory, be suspended
for ten years, so as to permit the introduction of slaves,
born within the United States, from any of the individual
States.
"That every white freeman of the age of twenty-one
years, who has resided within the Territory twelve months,
and within the county in which he claims a vote six months
immediately preceding the election, shall eiyoy the rights
j of an elector of the General Assembly."
It may be, Mr. President, that the citizcns of
I Ohio will sanction the doctrines expressed in the
resolutions of the present Legislature; but, if so,
they will depart from the landmarks established
by that staunch old patriot and pioneer, Jeremiah
Morrow, in the days when he alone spoke for
Ohio in the other House of Congress—those ever-
memorable days, too, when Thomas Jefferson
stood at the helm of our Federal Government.
But, sir, I have not finished the history of this
matter. Tired of delays, at length the inhabit-
ants of Indiana Territory took the law into their
own hands; and, by an act of their Legislature,
rccognized slavery as a territorial institution.
The fact is stated >n two other documents (never
published) which I have before me—taken like-
wise from the files of the House of Representa-
tives. They were presented, it seems, on the
17th of January, 1806, and referred to the select
committee previously appointed, of which Mr.
| Garnett was chairman. They will best explain
themselves:
" At a meeting of the citizens appointed to form a com-
' mittee from tlie several townships-in the counties of St.
Clair and Randolph, to take into consideration and repre-
, sent to tlie General Government tlie grievances of these
j, counties, the 25th day of November, 1805:
" Present in committee: James Lemon, John Messenger,
I William Scott, John Whiteside, Moses Short, John Edgar,
! E. Backus, John Beaird, E. Bilderback, John Everts, Wil-
liam Clmmn, Ralph Drury, Henry Levin, William Goings,
Samuel Kenney, Robert Robinson, Jean F. Perry, N. Jar-
rott, Etienne Pansannce, and William Biggs.
" On motion, unanimously resolved, That Colonel John
Edgar be chairman, and Robert Robinson clerk of this com-
mittee.
"Retained, That a memorial be prepared stating the griev-
ances of these counties; that it be signed by the members
of this committee, and transmitted to the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States in session. * *
" And whereas tbe ordinance of 1737 for the Government
of this Territory is respected by the people as tbe consti-
tution of their country, this committee entertain a hope
that the General Government, atler guarantying to the
people the privileges in that ordinance contained, will not
pass unnoticed the violation thereof by the late act of the
Legislature of this Teititory, authorizing the importation
of slaves and involuntary servitude for a long term of years.
"And altlioUgh this committee entertain no doubt but that
i the act in question will render service by adding a spring lo
the growth of this country, they express the disapprobation
of a people who never will consent to a violation of that
ordinance for this privilege of slavery. When Congress
shall deem a change of the ordinance expedient, they will
cheerfiilly agree to the measure."
Some Senator may suppose, perhaps, that the
committee-men or their constituents were opposed
