1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
of the committee have .come,in this case, a strik-
ing illustration of the danger of leaving this ques-
tion to the discretion of a majority of the House.
They have not only claimed the right to punish
one of the members of the. House Mr an alleged
assault upon a member, of the Senate, but they
also claim that it is a breach of the privileges of
the House for one of their m^mjjers" to be- awaro
at' the fact that it is the purpose of any other
member to call to account a Senator for a personal
offense, and fail to disclose that fact either to the
Senator who is thus threatened, or to some other
person. If the House confirm the report of the
majority by the passage" of the resolution pro-
posed by them, in reference to Messrs. Keitt
and Edmundson, it will have solemnly declared
that, while they are not accessories to the assault
committed by Mr. Brooks—the majority ex-
pressly relieving tliem from that charge—yet they
liave been guilty of the grave offense of a breach
of the privileges of the House, in the fact that
they knew it was the purpose of Mr. Brooks
to call Mr. Sumner to account, and perhaps to
inflict upon him the assault which he made, and
failed to communicate that fact to Mr. Sumner.
Although the punishment of these gentlemen, as
proposed by the majority, will not compare in
severity with the cases which we have cited from
the British precedents, yet we are disposed to
believe that the doctrine of privilege is extended
in this case beyond anything ever claimed for it
in the British Parliament. Impressed, then, as we
are with these considerations, and seeing the dan-
gerous extent to which this doctrinc has been
carried in England, and the tendency of the public
mind even here, when the cool judgment of mem-
bers is carried away and inflamed by peculiar
circumstances surrounding the case, we feel it to
be our imperative duty to arrest this doctrine in
its progressive course, and seek, if possible, to
bring back the House to the path prescribed for
itin the Constitution of the country.
Another principle upon which this claim of
privileges has been put, is the necessity of the
case. The argument is, that, as there is no ex-
press provision for protecting the two Houses of
Congress in the exercise of their legislative duties
from interruption and disturbance, therefore, from
the necessity of the case, they must exercise
powers not delegated by the Constitution.' Wc
cannot see any good reason why either House of
Congress should derive power and authority from
such a source which would not apply with equal
force to Congress sitting as a legislative body, or
to the Executive in the discharge of his peculiar
duties; and yet, no one will contend that any ne-
cessity can arise which would justify either the
executive or the legislative department of the
Government in the exercise of powers not dole-
gated by the Constitution.
If experience discloses the fact that some power
is wanted to render efficient the discharge of their
duties by the two Houses of Congress, which the
wisdom of our fathers has not provided for, we
offer the same reply to their demand for the ex-
ercise of additional power that we would make
to the legislative, the executive, or the judicial
department of Government, or to all of them
combined; and thatis, thatno necessitycan justify
the exercise of undelegated powers. If the dis-
charge of the duties imposed on you by the Con-
stitution require the exercise of powers other
than those you are now possessed of, you must
go to the source from which all constitutional
power is derived, and seek that in an amendment
to the Constitution, which you cannot obtain on
the mere plea of necessity. If the Constitution
is deficient, amend it; and if the law is defective,
amend that. _ .
Itwould be astrange reflectionupon the wisdom
of the framers of the Constitution, to suppose
that they had exercised so much care and caution
in guarding the rights of the States, and the rights
of the citizen against the usurpation of power
upon the part of the Federal Government; and
yet, while they manifested an unwillingness to
trust any indefinite power in the hands of the
three departments of Government, combined—
they acting as mutual checks upon eaeh other—
they could have contemplated that one branch—to
wit: either the Senate or the House—of one of
these depaitments could exercise such powers as
are now claimed for them. Yet such is the doctrine
of privilege
"We do not believe, however, that any such
omission, as a failure to provide for the protec-
tion of Congress, has occurred in the organization
of our Government. It will be found, upon look-
ing into the provisions*of the Constitution, that
this danger has been amply guarded against with-
out resorting to the perilous expedient of seeking
for remedies to supposed defccts in the Constitu-
tion, in the undefined doctrines of parliamentary
privilege.
We turn, then, from all those supposed sources
of congressional privilege to the Constitution of
the country, as the only source from which any
power can be derived by Congress, or either
branch thereof. The fact, that the framers of the
Constitution guarantied in that instrument certain
privileges to the two Houses and to the members
thereof, is a strong, if not a conclusive argument
that none other were intended by them to be ex-
ercised—" exprcssio unius est exclusio alteriusIf
they contemplated that Congress should look to
the parliamentary law for its privileges, and the
privileges of its members, it would have been
worse than useless to have incorporated into the
Constitution some of the privileges of Congress
and of its members, which, in this view of the
case, would have been already amply provided
for in the parliamentary law.
The privileges of the two Houses and of the
members thereof are distinctly laid down in the
fifth and sixth sections of the iirst article of the
Constitution:
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quoiumto do business ; but a smaller
number may adjourn from day to day, and may be author-
ized to compel the attendance of absent members, m such
manner and under such penalties as each House may pro-
vide.1' .
" Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish its members for disordcily behavior, and, with the
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
i£ The Senators mid Representatives shall leceive a com-
pensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and |
paid out of the Trea&uiy of the United States. Thej hhall,
in all cases, cxcept treason, felony, and breach of the
peace, be privileged from arrest during their attendance at
their respective Houses, and m going to and returning fiom
the same; and for .uiy spcech or debate m cither House
they shall not be questioned in any other place."
The powers and privileges conferred by these
two provisions of the Constitution, in connection
with the express authority also given in that
instrument, "to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution
the foregoing powers, and all other powers, vested
by this Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or in any department or officer
thereof," will, in our judgment, lender unneces-
sary, as it is clearly improper and unauthorized,
to go back to the law of the British Parliament
in search for peculiar and exclusive privileges.
The power is here expressly given to each House
to determine the rules of its proceedings, and to
punish its own members for disorderly behavior.
How far they may go in the exercise of this
power, in providing rules simply for the punish-
ment of others than members of their own body,
it is not necessary to inquire or determine. But
there can be no doubt of the fact that, under the
authority given by the last clause of the Consti-
tution to which we have referred, Congress has
power to provide by law for any and all contin-
gencies that may arise; and having the power by
the Constitution to punish their own members
for such disorderly conduct as would disturb the
deliberations of the. body, and having power to
pass laws to protoct themselves from all disturb-
ance or interference from other quarters, what
necessity can there possibly be to go beyond the
limits of the Constitution in search for other and
higher powers than those expressly conferred ?
Instead of being governed in our action by
precedents from the British House of Commons,
•we submit that it is more in accordance with the
theory of our Government, and more consonant
with the sentiment of the American people, that
no citizen shall be subjected to any punishment
for any offense whatever, unless that offense is
known at the time of its committal to be a viola-
tion of some existing law. If Congress ^ feels
that it is necessary to provide against any inter-
ruption of its proceedings, its remedy is both
simple and ample. Its deliberations, its rights,
and its privileges, can be as well and as clearly
designated by law as the rights and privileges of
any citizen of the country.
Under this View" of the" questio'ri,; nd one can fr#
at ftiult iri knowing the
and in conforming his conduct jt'O lEfetr,
ments. He has only to look to the Gonstituticsri;
and to the law of the land; and we do insist uptei-'
it thai, if he finds no" prdEMtfpft
Constitution or iri the,law, wheth&!,tiiat law'9%
passfed by both Houses of Congress, or a jaw
mission of any act which none of these provide.
against. •
We are at a loss to understand why it is that
members of Congress cannot be .content to enjoy ,
the same privileges and thesame protection which
is guarantied to every other citizen of" the land.-.
We recognize no privileged class. purs is a
Government, based, upon the idea of practical
equality amongst all the citizens of the Republic.
The same Constitution and laws which protect
the Executive—the highest officer 6'f tHe Repub-
lic—gives, not only to members of Congress, but
to the humblest citizen of the' country, eqttal pro-
tection. We can recognize no further distinction"
than those which are expressly laid down in the
Constitution itself.
We now proceed to inquire, what privilege of
the Senate, or of the House, or of any member,
has been violated, for which this House has
authority to punish, as disclosed in the facta
which wis have set forth in the- commencement
of this report.' * , . t ■
The first allegation is", that t?ft" privilege'of Mf.'
Sumner has been violated in tliii: tliat'fte his been
questioned for the delivery of a speech in the"
Senate, in violation of that provision of the Con-
stitution which declares that " for a&y speech or
debate in either House they shall not' be ques-
tioned in any other place." This provision of the"
Constitution was evidently intended to protect
members of Congress from such legal liability as
they might incur for words spoken in debate in
their respective Houses. It can hardly be sup-
posed that the Constitution was providing against
a mode of questioning which, in itself, even with-
out such provision, would have been, not only
unauthorized by law, but in direct violation of the
criminal law of the land. It id far from being wtelt
settled, that this immunity from responMbility *
goes to the extent claimed for it by th'osk from
whom we differ in this matter.
If members of Congress seek this shield and
protection which the Constitution gives them, is
it an onerous condition imposed upon them that
their speech shall be proper and legitimate in the
discharge of their constitutional duty? Ought
they to be permitted to avail themselves of tho
position given them by a confiding coilstitu'eftcy,
to indulge in language and reflections iff no wise,
necessary for the dischargeof their official duty,
nor promotive of the public good? And, even
granting this right to its fullest extent, can they
go'beyond this exercise Of speech or debate, and
afterwards publish and circulate, in pamphlet
form, libelous matter, under the pretext that it is,
in this published form, privileged speech" ot de-
bate in Congress? Even the British Parliament,
with all its disposition to protect its members, and
under the doctrine of privilege to extend to them-
powers and immunities, refused to extend the
doctrine beyond tho Strict limits of debate upon
the floor of Parliament. The language of our
Constitution, in this respect, is drawn from the
parliamentary law; and we suppose it will not be
contended that our members of Congress have
greater latitude, in this respect, than the members
of the British Parliament.
We find this subject so clearly and forcibly pre-
sented by Justice Story, in his work on the Con-
stitution, that we present an extract from that
work in support of the idea we have barely in-
timated. Story says:
"The next great and vital privilege is the freedom of
speech and debate, without which all other privileges would
be comparatively unimportant or ineffectual. This pn«-
lege, also, is derived from the practice of the British Par-
liament, and was in full exercise 111 our colonial Legisla-
tures, and now belongs to the Legislature of eyery Swte ia
the. Union as a mauef of constitutional right. Jin~nr"
i*h Parliament, it is a claim of immemorial righfi, ana is
now further fortitied by an act of Parliament; andis al-
ways patticularlvdemanded of the Kmg, ^Pe^n',bJ
Speaker of the House of Commons at ^
now Parliament. But this privilege is confined to
things done in the course of Umii of
does not cover things dons tfefc piade-.and limits of
