2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
Mr. SEWARD- I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; ana being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Bis s, Bigler, Bright, liroiilieail, Clay, Douglas, Geyer,
Houston, Hunter, lverson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason,
Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson
of Kentucky, Toombs, Weller, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Collamer, Fish, Foster, Harlan, Seward,
Trumbull,'Wa<le, and Wilson—8.
So the motion was agreed to. Messrs. Toombs,
Douglas, and Seward, were appointed the man-
agers at the third conference, on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. SEWARD I move that the Senate ad-
journ, (ten minutes after four o'clock, a. m.)
The motion was not agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYES.
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, the effect of which will be to give twenty
per cent, to the subordinate employes:
Resolved, That there lje allowed and paid to each of the
employes of the Senate the same compensation that is
allowed to the employes of the House of Representatives,
by a resolution of the House of Representatives ot the 15th
of August, 18.56, to be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, under tho diiection o( the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not for considering that
resolution now. I think we passed a law raising
their salary a jsw years ago, and added twenty
per cent, to the salary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Toombs.)
It requires unanimous consent to consider the
resolution.
Mr. MASON. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it lies
over.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand that the construc-
tion placed on the resolution which lias been
adopted by the Senate in regard to tho employ-
ment of clerks of committees, is understood to
give more than was the intention of the Senate.
If so, I move a reconsideration of the vote.
The resolution, as it was adopted, was read, as
follows:
Resolved, That such of tho committees of tho Senate aw
deem it expedient, may continue their elcikss during the
recess, ut {lie rate ot'§1,500 poi annum.
Mr. ADAMS. If I understand it, they are
still to lie entitled to .six dollars a day, and then
to receive pay at the late of $1,.>00 during the
vacation. Tins would amount to 111010 tliaii was
intended by tho mover, who fixed (lie salary for
^oneyear. It now amounts to ^1,800. I m.sist
on a reconsideration of the vote.
The l'RESI DENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent tlie words " during the recess," can be
stricken out.
Mr. MASON. I want to understand the
question. The Senator moves to reconsider, as
1 understand, and now proposes some modifica-
tion which is to be made. 1 cannot but think
the whole measure wrong, and 1 object to any
modification being made unless in the regular
form.
Mr. ADAMS. "Well, I insist on the motion
to reconsider.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The question
is on reconsidering the vote passing the resolu-
tion
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pi o tempore. The resolution
is now before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. 1 move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and, at fifteen
minutes past four o'clock, a. m., of Sunday,
August 17, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 18, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean-
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe it is usual on the
last day of the session to dispense with the read-
ing of the Journal; and as we have but three
hours, I move that the reading of the Journal be
dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have read, for the information of the Senate,
the resolution adopted on Saturday, fixing the
course of proceeding to-day.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns to-day (Satur-
day) it he to meet on Monday next, at lime o'clock; and
that none but appropriation hills, House bills, and bills in
respect to which there shall be disagreement between the
House and Senate, shall he. considered by the Senate on
that day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 11th instant, in relation
to the public accounts of Colonel John C. Fre-
mont; which, on motion of Mr. Bic.ia, was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. "WRIGHT, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred the resolution offered by
Mr. Biggs, on the 16th instant, to authorize the
Committee on Private Land Claims to continue
the employment of their clerk during the recess,
for the purpose of continuing the investigation,
and the collection of facts and authorities, in
reference to several important claims now pend-
ing before tho said committee, reported it with an
amendment to add to the resolution the words:
He shall be allowed! therefor the same pro rata com-
pensation tlAt is paid to the Clerk of the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give notice that I shall
object to all resolutions coming here to pay clerks
in that way; and, if it is not too late, I wish to
object to the consideiation of this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is rrpoited from the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses, and the question is 011 agreeing
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its considera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
cannot object. It has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses, and reported
buck.
Mr. TOOMBS. What has become of the gen-
eral resolution on the same subject?
The PRESIDKNT pro tempore. The vote on
ils passage was reconsidered, and it is still before
the Sen,ite as unfinished business.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope the Senate will not, in
the hist hours of the session, pass any such reso-
lution as (his. I move to lay it on the table, or
shall do it before 1 take my seat. If it is neces-
sary to change the salary of our employes, we
have bad seven months in which to do it—abun-
dance of time; and why should we attempt it now,
when wo have public business—appropriation
lulls of the most urgent necessity—before us?
"Why should we be called upon here to be fixing
this'matter now, as we were on Saturday night
to pass a resolution to give one half the Senators
private clerks at the rate of §1,500 a year ? This
is part of the same system. 1 move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSACOLA NAVY-YARD.
Mr. MALLORY snbmitted the following res-
olution; which was ordered to be printed:
Resolreil, Thai the Secretary of the Navy cause a thor-
ough examination to be made, hy a hoaid of military anil
be mad ,
civil cnitmcei ot the condition and piobabte duration of j
tile wooden dock at the f'ensaeola navy-vanl, together with
the aniiiiat expense ot' maintaining it in welkin^ condition ;
and aKo die cost of conMiuctiiiL; at said van!, on tin1 nio^t
approved plan, a permanent stone dock tor docking the
lai'iest naval vessels which the depth of water on the Pen-
sacola bai admits.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. BTGGS. I ask the Senate to take up and
pass five little bills that have been reported fijpm
the Committee on Private Land Claims, which
have passed the House of Representatives, and
require no appropriation at all, to confirm land
titles to parties who have been in possession of
their tracts for a large number of years.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that, instead of taking
up particular bills specially, we take up the Cal-
endar of Private Bills.
Mr. BIGGS. These bills require no appropri-
ation at all. I trust the Senate will take them
up. They are merely to confirm land titles; and
I ask, as an act of justice to the claimants, that
they be acted upon. This is the only appeal I
make.
Mr. GEYER. I think it much bettor that we
take up the Calendar in its order, instead of
wasting our time on special bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 15, noes 14; no quorum voting. t
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope there will be
no objection to taking up the Calendar in its
order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to taking up any
Calendar when we have no quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot receive the motion.
Mr. BIGLEPv. I desire to take up House joint
resolution (No. 11) in reference to the Arctic ex-
pedition of Dr. Kane, for the purpose of making
it tho order of the day for the 10th of December
next.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think there is a quorum
present; and perhaps it would be better to call for
the yeas and nays on the motion of the* Senator
from North Carolina.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend that
motion so as to take up the Calendar in its order.
Mr. BIGGS. I will modify my motion so as
to apply to House bills that give rise to no debate.
The "PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
! no objection, House bills will be taken up and
! considered in the order in which they are on the
! Calendar. The Chair hears no objection. The
I first bill on the Calendar is the bill (H. R. No.
99)to amend "An act to provide for the pay ment
! of horses and other propeity lost or destroyed
in the military service of the United States,"
approved March 3,1799, which has been repotted
with amendments from the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The bill and amendments were read.
Mr. HUNTER. How did that bill get up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent the Senate ordered that House bills should
be taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that bill will belaid
aside. It will lead to debate. Such a bill ought
not to pass without debate.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the- bill on the
table.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 21, noes 14.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ciii.i.om, theirClei-k, announced that they
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 315) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
BARRING OP CONTINGENT REMAINDERS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 915) to
authorize the circuit court of the Distiict of
Columbia to decree the sale of real estate in cer-
tain cases.
It provides that in all cases in which real estate
within the District of Columbia shall have been
limited heretofore, or shall be limited hereafter,
by the provisions of any deed or will, to one or
more for life or lives, with a contingent limitation
over to such issue of one or more of the tenants
for life, as shall be living at the death of their
I parent or parents, and the deed or will contain-
l mg the limitation shall not prohibit a sale, the
! circuit court for the District, upon the application
: of the tenants for life, may decree a sale of the
| real estate, if, upon the proofs, it shall be of the
; opinion that it is expedient to do so, and to de-
| cree to the purchaser an absolute and complete
i title m fee-simple.
The application for the sale in such cases is to
j be by bill in equity, verified by the oath of the
I parties, in which all the facts shall be distinctly
