1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
6it
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
northern States. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] voted in the affirmative, and the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] voted in the
negative. (Congressional Globe, vol. 16, p. 187.)
They were both members of the House at that
time. Upon whose skirts, then, is the blood of
tliis precious compromise ?
It was in the midst of a controversy whether the
principle of the Missouri compromise should or
should not be maintained, that the inhabitants
of California—abandoned by Congress to all the
miseries of anarchy on the one hand, or military
despotism on the other—exhibited the most sub-
lime spectacle ever presented, in my judgment, by
& community of American freemen. Without re-
sorting to books or political philosophers for any
advice they proceeded to establish a go ve rnmcnt for
themselves; and before Congress had determined
whether slavery should or should not be allowed
in that country, adopted their own State consti-
tution and decided the question at once. That, sir,
was a case where " popular sovereignty" came to
the rescue, and a well-timed rescue it was. And,
thereupon, without prolonging the old quarrel, but
dismissing forever the ghost of the murdered Mis-
souri compromise, Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster—
with the venerable Senator from Michigan, the
distinguished Senator from Illinois, and others—
adopted the case of California as a precedent for
all future cases, and inserted a provision to this
effect, at once, in the territorial bills for Utah and
New Mexico. That compromise, too, we are
accused of having violated. Sir, is it not won-
derful that all the survivors of that gallant band
which supported, and finally carried in triumph,
the territorial acts of September, 1850, should
now be charged with a misinterpretation of their
own purposes and language—and this, too, upon
the authority of a Senator (from Vermont) who
never lifted his hand to assist in that achieve-
ment, or of the Senators from New York and
New Hampshire, [Messrs. Seward and Hale,]
who resisted to the very last? I appeal to you,
Senators, who—eitherin this House or the other—
gave your votes and influence to that great meas-
ure of peace and constitutional vindication, the
compromise of 1850: did you not all, without a
single exception, vote for the Nebraska bill?
If the compromise of 1850 was intended merely
as the settlement of a case then before Congress,
it was not worth one half the trouble bestowed
in securing its adoption; and the conventions of
the two great parties which assembled in Balti-
more, in June, 1852, committed an egregious act
of folly when they affirmed a case already decided,
and beyond reconsideration. But if the compro-
mise be, as I have always supposed, the establish-
ment of a principle applicable in all cases, hence-
forth and forever, it was a splendid achievement,
and as appropriate to crown the career of Henry
Clay and of Daniel Webster, as to vindicate the
patriotism and mature wisdom of the Senator
from Michigan, and inaugurate the brilliant man-
hood of the Senator from Illinois. It was wisely
affirmed, in that view, by the two conventions of
which I have spoken; and in that view, undoubt-
edly, it superseded the effect and principle of the
Missouri compromise, and established, instead,
the doctrine of congressional non-intervention.
Much has been said, in late years, concerning
the extension of slavery,"and that has now be-
come the Shibboleth of a political organization.
If by this phrase, "extension of slavery," is
meant an increase of the number of slaves—
whether by the reestablishment of the African
slave trade or in any other wise, I concur in all
the objections urged; but, if it has reference only
to the removal from one place to another, within
the United States, of those who are already in
bondage, and especially the removal of a master
with his slave from a State where the excess of
population, the exhaustion of the soil, or any
other cause, has rendered it impossible, or diffi-
cult, for him to provide the slave a due allowance
of food and raiment, as the recompense for toil,
to another State, or a Territory, where the labor
of the slave will be productive, and will improve
the master's condition as well as his own, I am
unable to perceive the philanthropy, or the polit-
ical economy, which would warrant a tithe of the
condemnations pronounced. A square mile, in
South Carolina, can support only a certain num- I
ber of human creatures—whether black or white
—as all must be aware. As population increases,
therefore, some must emigrate to regions less
densely settled; or else, while the number of in-
habitants increases, the means of subsistence
remaining the same, want, misery, and starva-
tion must ensue. These will fall, in the first in-
stance upon the slave, inasmuch as he is the in-
ferior, the dependant, the subject. To him, thus
restrained of the right of locomotion, it is an act
of the highest beneficence that his master should
be enabled to transport him to another region,
more favorably conditioned, where those staples
to the production of which alone African labor
is adapted, can be ultimately cultivated with ad-
vantage.
What would be the condition of the southern
Atlantic States, to-day, if Kentucky, Tennessee,
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Missouri,
Arkansas, and Texas had not been opened to
their colonization? Sir, instead of prosperous
communites of white men, they would now only
be populated by the black race—would have
degenerated to the forlorn and even desolate con-
dition of Hayti and Jamaica. The white, man
would have been driven forth. Thenegro would
remain. Instead of noble pillars, supporting the
edifice of our Federal Union, they would be like
those broken columns, disfigured and useless,
which signify to the lone traveler where Nine-
veh, and Babylon, and Pcrsepolis once reared
their inassive towers. Instead of burning stars,
in the galaxy of our Republic, they would have
been quenched by the blackness of darkness for-
ever.
To the negro, therefore, as well as to the white
man, to us of the northern States, to the Union
at large, to the great cause of civilization and
human advancement—for our own sake, in the
generation which now lives and the generation to
come, it is an affair of vital moment—of the very i
uttermost concern—that we should not commit!
the capital mistake of driving the white man from
our southern States, and abandoning more than j
one third of this empire to the dominion of the
negro. For, such, sir, will be the end, or some-
thing worse. As population presses upon the
means of subsistence, year after year, the white
raee also will begin to suffer—to become degraded, *
feeble, and defenseless—until that dread calamity {
supervenes, a servile insurrection, when our i
brethren of the South, with their wives and little j
ones, are overcome by the force of numbers, and
either exterminated or driven from their ancient j
homes and fire-sides. Would you, then, recog-
nize the negro as a fellow-citizen? Would you
permit him to exercise the political power of the
southern States? Would you suffer some brawny
knave, half brute and hatf savage, to sit in this
Hall as a Senator ? No, sir, you would not! Des-
pite the physiological comparisons, to which we
have listened, concerning the two'races, the Cau-
casian of the North would never associate on
terms of such equality with the base and inca- 1
pable negro. He would hasten to the rescue of j
his kinsman in the South; he would exterminate '
the negro utterly from the face of the earth, or |
else reduce that miserable race everywhere to a ]
servitude more cruel, more desperate, more re- i
lentless, than ever was depicted in novel or in
rhyme.
From this horrible issue, sir, an easy escape
is at hand. Let the slave,as well as the master,
have room! Let the southern States, like the
northern States, send forth colonies, avoid the
dangers of too great a population, and, while they
secure thus their own peace, and the peace of
the Union, the negro himself will receive a boon
more desirable than present emancipation. Have
we not room, in all our western domain, for the
South as well as for the North ? Are there not
regions where cotton,,sugar, and rice, can be
cultivated ?—staples for the production of which
African labor is available, and even profitable;
but to which the white laborer will not give his
toil. The Caucasian cannot abide the heat of a
southern summer; while to the negro that is not
objectionable, but grateful. Have we not room,
I demand, for all our colonies?
Why, sir, in the State which I represent, in
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, there are millions of acres of the virgin
soil—acres that await only the care of the hus-
bandman to quit their wild luxuriance and cover
themselves with fields of abundant grain. In
Arkansas, likewise, and the regions westward,
as well as in Texas, there are lands which can
produce rich and noble harvests; but which the
white man, for a hundred years to come, never
will cultivate with his own hands. Senators!
you do not increase slavery, nor the number of
slaves, by such a diffusion. You do not giva
this institution new power, oradditional stability,
or further advantage. You mitigate its evils;
you postpone—if not forever avoid—the conflict
of two irreconcilable races; you improve the con-
dition of both; you point out the only chance of
emancipation—exceptthrough bloodshed—which
the negro can ever have—the only chance which
the white man will ever give him, with bloodshed
or without, to attain the least degree of comfort
and happiness.
These are not alone my suggestions. They
are the suggestions of the fathers—of Thomas
Jefferson, James Madison, and James Monroe,
whose names the Senator from Massachusetts
invoked so many times. In all Jefferson's dis-
quisitions upon slavery, the evils which attend
it, and the remedies for those evils, he never failed
to declare that either immediate emancipation, or
emancipation without colonization, would prove
a bitter curse alike to the negro and the white
man. From 1774 to 1787, as I have shown, he
had great hopes, and an ardent desire, for the suc-
cess of gradual emancipation, coupled with col-
onization. He wished, therefore, to stop the in-
troduction of slaves. -He bent all his energies—
as did Madison—to the accomplishment of that
enterprise. How he failed, and why he failed,
the Senator from Massachusetts has reluctantly
testified. From that period, Jefferson abandoned
the idea of emancipation in his lifetime, or in any
definite series of years, and devoted himself to
the discovery of some method by which the evils
of slavery could be mitigated, and the chances of
its final eradication increased? What was the
method which he devised ? You have it, .Mr.
President, in his Louisiana territorial act. It was
to allow the citizens of the Atlantic States a lib-
erty of removal with their slaves to the Territo-
ries and new States; or, in his own phrase, to
diffuse slavery over a large area, and thus avoid
the terrors of insurrection, decrease the hardships
of bondage, and render feasible, in some degree,
a restoration of the African to his fatherland. I
do not speak without authority here; and I now
ask the Senate to consider the evidence. In a
letter to John Holmes, dated April 22,1820, Mr.
Jefferson said:
" Of one thing I am certain—that as the passage of slaves
from one State to another would not make a slave of a single
human being who would not be so without it, so their dif-
fusion over a greater surface would make them individually
happier, and proportionally facilitate the accomplishment
of their emancipation, by dividing the burden on a greater
number of coadjutors."
Such, also, were Madison's views. In a letter
to President Monroe, dated February 23, 1820,
that eminent statesman said:
"i have certainly felt all the influence that could justly
flow from a conviction that an uncontrolled dispersion of
the slaves, now within the United States, was not only best
for the nation, but most favorable for the slaves also—both
as to their prospects of emancipation, and as to their con-
dition in the mean tune."
But a complete exposition has been written for
us by the hand of James Monroe. That he was
in constant and confidential correspondence with
Jefferson and Madison during the whole Mis-
souri contest, is now clearly established. He
received advice from them, and coincided with
their opinions, as well as sympathized entirely
in their sentiments. That he yielded, with great
reluctance, to the prohibition of slavery in the
national domain north of 36° 30', is too well
ascertained, and solely upon the suggestion that
no other compromise appeared to be practicable.
At one period, it seems, he determined to inter-
pose the veto power, and actually prepared a
message, the draft of which, in his own hand, is
yet extant. It contains a full decision of every
point embraced in this debate; but I will read, at
present, only the last two or three paragraphs:
" That should the slaves be confined to the States in
which slavery exists, as the free population will continue
