1856.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
listen, and I would go to the verge of accommo-
dation in that way, or in any other form of nego-
tiation, to avoid a war.
Mr. IVERSON. That is the very point to
which I desire to call the Senator's attention.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse me. J will hear him when 1 get through.
Interruptions break in upon the continuity of my
argument, which I prefer should go to the coun-
try continuously. 1 assumed the position which
I have just stated.
At a later day, the President of the United
States sent to us another message, by which it
appeared manifestly that an offer of arbitration
had actually been made, not by the United States
Government, but by the British Government to
the United States—the very thing which I had
discussed as a contingency that would give a
different and pacific aspect to the question. When
that message came in, there was a debate about
whether the offer had been formally presented—
whether our Minister or the British Minister had
erred in his duty as to the promptness with which
he communicated it. Nevertheless, the fact was
admitted on all hands that the "British Government
had offered, or were about to propose, a reference
of the question to arbitration. What did 1 say
in regard to that? Did I say that 1 would fight?
If I had said so, it would have been inconsistent
with what I had said before. Did I say that I
would accept it > If I had said so, it would have
been unbecoming my position as a member of
this body, which advises the President, when
asked, in regard to our foreign relations. I said
that it belonged to the Administration; that they
were bound to receive the proposition to consider
it; and that I trusted the whole matter in their
hands, neither counseling them to accept nor to
reject, but congratulating the country upon the
fact of a turn in the course of the question between
the two nations, which relieved it tor the present,
and immediately, of its aspect of war.
Sir, this is what I say to-day. There is now
under the consideration of the Government of the
United States an offer to arbitrate, proposed by
Great Britain—a great and powerful nation—a
nation whose power is very much exaggerated
here by some, and under valued by others. There
are two Christian nations in controversy. There
is a Christian world around us, and a God of
Christians above us, and both will exact that the
Government of the United States shall hear and
listen. Prudence, wisdom, patriotism, humanity,
command us to wait while the Executive Depart-
ment which represents our Government in its
negotiations considers the proposition.
When the Executive conies with a new com-
munication, saying, "I will accept thisproposition
with your advice and consent," ] will then con-
sider it. When he comes and says, "I will reject-
it," and the Senate of the United States shall agree
to reject it, and to go to war upon this issue, I shall
stand here with those who arc the boldest, the
strongest, th<* most catholic, the most fnm, to
maintain the Govcrnmentin that decision afrerit
shall have been fully and finally made. In the
mean time 1 stand pledged, and I pledge myself
now, as I did on a former occasion, to give my
advice, founded on the calmest consideration, and
upon all the circumstances then existing, whether
that oiler should be accepted or rejected, if it shall
reach that point.
I know besides, that, when a question between
two parties so nearly balanced in stiength, so
equally self-confident, so equally honoiable, that
has once been closcd is again opened by any
propositions m any form, the course of diplomacy
is such that the discussion may take an entirely
different direction, and some other and different
measure from the particular one first proposed
may be adopted under the influence of a strong
mutual aversion to war, and desire for peace; and
so I hope the two Governments may yet adjust
the question satisfactorily with our rigms.
Now, what more would the honorable Senator
demand of me ? I am for maintaining the very
grounds which we have asserted. I am for put-
ting the country in acondiiion of defense. True,
I do so because I think it right and wise, inde-
pendently of the particular exigency referred to.
Why, sir, I felt oppressed by the vote which I
was obliged to give against this measure as it was
originally reported. To vote $3,000,000 to be
expended at tile discretion of the President of the
United States, without any direction as to the
appropriation of that money, is more than I would
do in any case, unless there was a public enemy
very near at hand; but when the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs stated
the purposes of the expenditure of this money,
and offered to secure that appropriation of it
by amending the frame of the bill, and adverted
to the defenseless condition of the whole of our
Pacific empire, added to the Union since our
former appropriations for arms and ordnance pur-
poses were regulated and measured, I felt at once
that I was obliged to vote for the bill, and I said
so. I only asked that he would allow me to have
those securities and safeguards ingrafted upon
the bill, and when that was done I stood ready
to vote for it.
The honorable Senator from Georgia is more
patriotic than this; and yet the excess of his
patriotism over mine seems to be about after this
fashion: There is a diama which 1 once saw
enacted, in which there arc two very venerable
parents seeking to effect a match between their
children, who arc strangers to each other. The
children run away for the purpose of avoiding the
proposed union, and they get married secretly.
They come in at the close of the play to ask for-
giveness, and, lo ! it turns out that those two per-
sons who have thus run away from their parents
and been stealthily married to avoid force being
applied to their inclinations, are the very persons
who were to be thus forced. The father of the
young lady forgave his daughter. The father of
the groom refused to forgive his son. When he
was expostulated with, he still persisted. Ho
was asked: i( Have you not got your own way at
last, and why are you not satisfied?" " Yes,"
said he, " I have e;ot it my own way, but I have
not got my own way of having it." [Laughter.]
The difficulty with the honorable Senator from
Georgia is, that he wants his own way, and ins
own way of having it. The honorable Senautr
will find that that is not the way in which any-
body ever gels anything through the Congress of
the "United States or elsewhere. I pledgo^myself
to the honorable Senator, that, if he will restore
his bill to the shape m which it originally was,
and require of every man who votes for it that he
shall subscribe to the same reasons which oper-
ate on the mind of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, though he may acquire something of a
party here, the bill will be lost, and the fortifica-
tions of the United States will be without sup-
plies.
^ Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator withdraw
his motion to allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. BROWN. I hope my friend from Ar-
kansas will withdraw Ins motion, and allow this
question to be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. If we adjourn while it is
pending, it will come up to-morrow as unfinished
business.
Mr. BROWN. With that undeistanding, I
have no objection.
Mr. BUlXER. I desire to have an executive
session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that there is a
special order to-morrow, which may interfere
with the consideration of this bill.
Mr. WELLER. No, sir, for this will be the
unfinished business to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
takes precedence of any other special order. j
Air. BROWN. If that be the understanding j
of the Senate, 1 have no objection. 1
Air. SUMNER. I desire to move that thebill
under consideration be made the special order j
for the day after to-morrow. There is already j
a special order to-morrow, on which the Senator ;
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan-] expect? to be heard. |
Air.HOUSTON. IdosiretocalluponWednes- 1
day the resolutions which I laid on the table this
morning.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina has a motion before the Senate which
must be withdrawn before the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts can be entertained.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw if.
Mr. SUMNER. I more that the bill under con-
sideration be made the spccial order for Wednes-
day at one o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, having charge of this
bill, 1 must object to that motion. I desire to
have it disposed of as soon as possible, and I
think we can very easily get through with it to-
morrow. I desire it to retain its present position,
and come up to-morrow as the unfinished busi-
ness of to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. My reason for the motion
which I suggested is, that there is a special order
—the Kansas question—for to-morrow; and I
j^know the Senator from Iowa, who is not now
j present, desires to be heard upon it.
t Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw my motion for an
| executive session, and let gentlemen finish this
j dispute.
j Mr. WELLER. The bill under discussion lo-
i day is a practical question, and is one which, in
; my judgment, demands the immediate action of
i the Senate. The subject alluded to by the Sen-^
i ator from Alassachusetts, and which he says is
' the special order for to-morrow, is an abstract
; question. The debate has gone on, on a motion
to print certain documents sent to us by the Pre*-
| ident, but there is no bill pending, and no one
, proposes any action upon that question. It has
been kept before us solely for the purpose of en-
abling Senators to express their opinions on the
question. J cannot consent to have this bill post-
poned merely for the purpose of talk. My opin-
ion is, that there has been too much talking
already on the subject of war.
Mr. STUART. I desire the Senator from
Massachusetts, if he persists in his motion, to
recollect that 1 gave notice last week that on
Wednesday I should ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the river and harbor bills.
Air. WELLER. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
AJr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senator
will withdraw the motion, to allow me to ask for
an executive session.
Mr. WELLER. I believe my friend from
South Caiolina desired an executive session, but
he is willing to postpone it until to-morrow. We
shall have an executive session to-morrow. Th8
hour is now late, and I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 10, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is on the following resolution, reported by tha
Committee of Elections;
Resolved, Tijat the Committee of Electiojis in the con-
te.sted-clcctioii ea e from the Tonitojy of Kansas, be, and
<we herein, empowered to Mi ml fur persons ami papers, and
to evaluate witnfl-=es upon oafli or affirmation.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
obtained the unanimous consent of the House to
have taken from the Speaker's table Senate bill
(No. 107) establishing the collection districts in
the United States, and designating the ports of
entry and ports of delivery in the same: which was
I read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
RESOLUTIONS OT VTRGIN"T\ LEGISLATURE.
Air. MILLSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Hon<?e on Friday last referred the
: resolutions of the Virginia Legislature to the Com-
j mittcc on Naval Affairs, and ordered them to be
i printed.
| Air. Speaker, on offering these resolutions, I
: stated that, as J desired to leave the city for a short
! time, I would endeavor to avail myself of an early
1 opportunity of submitting my views on this gen-
■ eral subject, especially as 1 had introduced a bill
: on the same subject, which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. It ih not in order to debate
: the motion to reconsider at this time, inasmuch
| as the resolution of the Committee of Elections is
j a privileged question.
| Mr. MILLSON. I was about to say that,
i although I supposed mine to be a privileged
