1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
your attending physicians 'it? deem it prudent that you
should so do, to testify in the premises.
1 am further authorized to suggest, in advance, that,
with a view to expedite the investigation, and to adapt the
proceedings of the committee to the mutual convenience of
its members, and the witnesses brought before it, you will
be called upon to answer, in substance, the following in-
terrogatory :
" What do you know of the facts connected with the
assault alleged to have been made upon you in the Senate
Chamber by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, on
Thursday, May 22,1856 ? 
This note is written in order that you may prepare your
general statement in your own rooms, to be veiified by your
oath, and subject to cross-examination in presence of the
committee.
X have the honor to be, sir, very truly, yours, &c.,
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL.
Washington, May 25,1856.
Dear Sir: Read the inclosed, and present it to Mr.
Sumner whenever you, as a physician, deem it proper.
" The sooner the better," if you consider him in a fit con-
dition to receive it.
I have not seen him since I saw you dress his wounds on
Thursday, and have heard rumors that there is dangei of
inflammation of the brain, &c. For this cause I deem it
discreet to send this communication through you.
Very truly, yours. &c.,
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL.
Dr. Boyle, Four- and-a-half street, Washington.
The chairman also stated, that he had addressed
a letter, severally, to Messrs. Crittenden, Pearce,
Toombs, Poster, and Wilson, Senators; to
Messrs. Morgan, Murray, and Edmundson,
members of the House; to Governor Gorman,
of Minnesota; to Mr. Sutton, reporter in the
Senate; and Messrs. McNair, Holland, and
Hickey, officers of the Senate. The following
is a copy of the letter:
House of Representatives,
Washington, May 20, 1856.
Sir: You are requested to testify before the committee
appointed by tins House, to investigate the matter of an
alleged assault by Hon. Mr. Brooks upon Senator Sumner.
The committee will moot on Monday, 96th, at one o 'clock,
p. m., at the room of the Ways and Means Committee, and
would be glad to have your testimony at that tune, or as
soon thereafter as it may be convenient for you to attend.
Tor the mutual convenience of yourself and the com-
mittee, and with a view to expedite the investigation, the
committee have directed me to suggest to you that the prin-
cipal question which will be propounded to you will be
such as to call for a statement of all the facts within your
knowledge relative to the assault. I f, therefore, you can, at
your leisure, prepare it prior to that time, it may be the
means of avoiding a delay which might conflict with other
engagements.
I have the honor to be, very truly, vours, See.,
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL. ...
The chairman laid before the committee the
following reply of Mr. Brooks to his letter:
House of Representatives, May 26.
Sir : In reply to your polite note of Saturday evening, T
have to say that I know of no witness to the affair but Hon.
Mr. Window, of North Carolina.
Youis truly, T. S. BROOKS.
Hon. JMr. Campbell.
Mr. Pennington moved that the committee
proceed to the loggings of Mr. Charles Sumner,
for the purpose ef taking liis testimony, stating
that he had seen Mr. Sumner this morning at his
foom, and, finding him too unwell to attend the
committee, had intimated that the committee
might be willing to wait on him.
Mr. Cobb moved to amend the motion, by
instructing the chairman of the committee to wait
on Mr. Sumner and learn whether he could not
attend the committee at their room, and if not, to
ascertain at what time he would be ready to pro-
ceed with the examination.
Mr. Pennington stated that Mr. Sumner had
informed him that he would be ready to see the
committee at half past one o'clock, p. m., to-flay.
The amendment moved by Mr. Cobb was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Pennington's motion was agreed to.
And the committee thereupon proceeded to the
lodgings of Mr. Sumner; Mr. Campbell having
first invited Mr. Brooks to proceed with them,
and Mr. Brooks having declined.
Hon. Charles Sumner, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made upon you in the Senate
Chamber by Hon. Mr. Brooks of South Caro-
lina, on Thursday, May 22, 1856?
Answer. I attended the Senate as usual on
Thursday, the 22d of May. After some formal,
business, a message was received from the House
of Representatives, announcing the death of a
member of that body from Missouri. This was
followed by a brief tribute to the deceased from
Mr. Geyer, of Missouri, when, according to
usage, and out of respect to the deceased, the
Senate adjourned.
Instead of leaving the Chamber with the rest oti
the adjournment, 1 continued in my seat, occu-
pied with my pen. While thus intent, in order
to be in season for the mail, which was soon to
close, 1 was approached by several persons who
desired to speak with me; but I answered them
promptly and briefly, excusing myself for the
reason that I was much engaged. When the last
of these left me, I drew my arm-chair close to
my desk, and, with my legs under the desk, con-
tinued writing. My attention at this time was so
entirely withdrawn from all other objects, that,
though there must have been many persons on
the floor of the Senate, I saw nobody.
While thus intent, with my head bent over my
writing, I was addressed by a person who had
approached the front of my desk, so entirely un-
observed that 1 was not aware of.his presence
until I heard my name pronounced. As I looked
up, with pen in hand, I saw a tall man, whose
countenance was not familiar, standing directly
over me, and, at the same moment, caught these
words: " I have read your speech twice over
carefully. It is a libel on South Carolina, and Mr.
Butler, who is a relative of mine ." While
these words were still passing from his lips, he
commenced a succession of blows with a heavy
cane on my bare head, by the first of which I was
stunned so as to lose sight. I no longer saw my
assailant, nor any other person or object in the
room. What I did afterwards was done almost
unconsciously, acting under the instincts of self-
defense. With head already bent down, I rose
from my seat, wrenching up my desk, which was
screwed to the floor, and then pressed forward,
while my assailant continued his blows. I have
no other consciousness until I found myself ten
feet forward, in front of my desk, lying on the
floor of the Senate, with my bleeding head sup-
ported on the knee of a gentleman, whom I soon
recognized, by voice and countenance, as Mr.
Morgan, of New York. Other persons there
were about me, offering me friendly assistance;
but I did not recognize any of them. Others there
were at a distance, looking on, and offering no
assistance, of whom I recognized only Mr. Doug-
las, of Illinois, Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, and 1
thought also my assailant, standing between
them.
I was helped from the floor and conducted into
the lobby of the Senate, where I was placed upon
a sofa. Of those who helped me to this place, I
have no recollection. As 1 entered the lobby, I
recognized. Mr. Slidell, of Louisiana, who re-
treated; but I recognized no one else until some
time later, as I supposed, when I felt a friendly
grasp of the hand, which seemed to come from
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio. I have a vague impres-
sion that Mr. Bright, President of the Senate,
spoke to me while I was lying on the floor of the
Senate or in the lobby.
I make this statement in answer to the interrog-
atory of the committee, and offer it as presenting
completely all my recollections of the assault and
of the attending circumstances, whether imme-
diately before or immediately after. I desire to
add that, besides the words which I have given
as uttered by my assailant, I have an indistinct
recollection of the words " old man;" but these
are so enveloped in the mist which ensued from
the first blow, that I am not sure whether they
were uttered or not.
Question, (by Mr. Greenwood.) How long
do you suppose it was after the adjournment of
the Senate before this occurrence took place ?
Answer. I am very much at a loss to say
whether it was half an hour or fifteen minutes;
I should say ranging from fifteen minutes to half |
an hour, more or less; perhaps not more than '
fifteen minutes. I have already testified that I
was so much absorbed with what I was doing at
my desk that I took very little note of anything,
not even of time.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Was the first blow
you received from Mr. Brooks, before he had
finished the sentence ?
Answer. I have no recollection beyond what I
have stated.
Question. My question was, whether a blow
was struck before Mr. Brooks finished the re-
mark to you which you have just quoted r
Answer. The blow came down with the close
of the sentence, .. . _ , ,,
Question. Then the sentence waft closed,before
the blow was struck? ... . - -
Answer. It seemed to me that the blow eaiMa
in the middle: of. an unfinished sentence. In the
statement ! havemade I used the language,
" while these words were still passing from his
lips, he commenced ^ succession of blows." I
heard distinctly the words I have given;;I heard
the words .".a relative of mine," and then it
seemed to me there was a break, and I have left
it as an unfinished sentence, the sequel of which
I did not hear on account of the blows. .
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Did youat any
time between the delivery of your speech referred
to, and the time when you were attacked ,reeeivs
any intimation in writing, or otherwise, that Mr.
Brooks intended to attack you ? , , .
Answer. Never, directly or indirectly; nor had
I the most remote suspicion of any attack, nor was
I in any way prepared for an attack. I had no
arms or means of defense of any kind. I was,
in fact, entirely defenseless at the time, except so
far as my natural strength went. I n other words,
I had no arms either about my person or in my
desk. Nor did I ever wear arms in my life. I
have always lived in a civilized community where
wearing arms has not been considered necessary.
When I had finished my speech on Tuesday—I
think it was my colleague came to me and .said:
" I am going home with you to-day—several of
us are going home with you." Said I: "Nono
of that, Wilson." And, instead of waiting for
him, or allowing him to accompany me home, I
shot off just as I should any other day. While
on my way from the Capitol I overtook Mr.
Seward, with whom 1 had engaged to dine; we
walked together as far as the omnibuses. He then
proposed that we should take an omnibus, which
I declined, stating that I must go to the print-
ing office to look over proofs. I therefore walked
alone, overtaking one or two persons on the way.
I have referred to this remark of my colleague in
answer to your question, whether I had in any
way been put on my guard.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) What do you attrib-
ute the remark of your colleague to ? In other
words, was it founded upon an apprehension
growing out of what you had said in your speech?
Answer. I understand that it was. He has
told me since, that a member of the House had
put him on his guard, but he did not mention it
to me at the time. I suspected no danger, and,
therefore, I treated what he said to me as trifling.
Mr. Cobb here produced a printed copy of a
speech purporting to have been made by Mr. Sum-
ner, in the Senate of the United States, on the 19th
and 20th of May, 1856, printed by Buell& Blanch-
ard, printers, Washington,1856, and proposed to
ask Mr. Sumner if that was a correct copy of the
specch delivered by him on those two days.
Mr. Pennington objected to the question at the
present stage of the investigation as immaterial.
Mr. Sumner expressed his entire willingness
to answer the question.
Mr. Cobb asked that the question should be
decided by the committee.
The question being put, "Shall the question be
received?" it was decided in the negative—yeas
2, nays 3; as follows:
Yeas—Messrs. Cobb and Greenwood.
Nays—Messrs. Campbell, Pennington, and Spinner.
Mr. Spinner stated that he should probably
move a reconsideration of the vote just taken,
refusing to make the speech a part of the testi-
mony.
Question, (byMr. Pennington.) Haveyouever
defied or invited violence?
Mr. Cobb asked for a division of the commit-
tee on receiving that question.
The question was received, all the members
having voted in the affirmative.
Answer. Never, at any time.
Question. State what was the condition of your
clothing after this violence, when you were taken
from the Chamber.
Answer. I was in such a condition at the
time that I was unaware of the blood on my
clothes. I knew little about it until after I
reached my room, when I took ray clothes off.
The shirt around the neck and collar was soaked
with blood. The waistcoat had .many marks of
blood upon it; also the trowsers. The broaa-
