1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
to me; one of them wala man of moderate size
with whiskers.
Question. Do you know who he was?
•Answer. Prom information, I understand it was
Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina.
Question. When did you first see him in the
Senate Chamber?
Answer. About the time I went in, or after I
had been there a few moments, perhaps.
Question. Where was he when you first saw
him:
Answer. Talking to a stranger behind the Presi-
dent's chair.
Question. Where did you next see him?
Answer. Near the scene of the fight.
Question. Did you see lnm participate, in any
way, in the assault, or take any part in it? If so,
state what part you saw him take in the matter.
Answer. The same gentleman, 1 think, I have
been since introduced to as Mr. Keitt-, of South
Carolina, came forward about the time Senator
Toombs and myself went forward to the scene,
with a small cane in his hand. He held it lifted
above his head, as if he intended to strike.
Question. To strike whom ?
Answer. I do not know, nor could I tell; evi-
dently no one could tell, unless he had known
the circumstanccs. Mr. Toombs said, " Don't
strike!" and addressed himself to Mr. Keitt.
Mr. Keitt then put down his cane, and did not
advance any further.
Question. At what distance was he from Mr.
Sumner5
Answer. I should think about ten feet; not
within striking distance. He was approaching
the contesting parties when spoken to by Mr.
Toombs, but immediutelyput down his cane and
halted.
Question. What did he say when approaching ?
Answer. I did not hear one word.
Question. What did he say when he was told
to stop'
.hisirer. I henrd him say not one word until
after the transaction was over. I heard him then
in com ersaiion, but J did not understand the lan-
guage, for my attention was occupied in trying
to assist Mr. Sumner.
Question. Did he exhibit any manifestations
of on^ei?
Answer. None that I could testify to, unless I
could testify from my impiessions, which I would
rather not do, bojng an entire stranger to him.
Question. Did lie advance towards Mr. Sumner
rapidly?
Answer. He advanced towards the object be-
fore him, whether it was Mr. Brooks, Mr. Sum-
ner, or whatever it was, rapidly, and with a
pretty determined attitude, if 3 can judge of a
man's character by his eyes and countenance.
1 ought, perhaps, to make this explanation.
The cane which he held up o\or his head he
might possibly have held in that position in order
to get over the desks, for ho seemed to get over
them with some rapidity. He might have held
it up, possibly, to facilitate his passage; nor did
I think anything of it until Mr. Toombs directed
my attention to his somewhat belligerent attitude
by telling him not to strike; then I thought 1 dis-
covered a belligerent attitude.
Question. Give the names of the persons you
recollect seeing in the Hall at the time ?
Answer. I know of one or two other persons
in addition to those I have mentioned, though
perhaps I should not be able to give their names
unless some one will prompt me. The reporter
of the Senate was there. [Mr. Campbell. Mr.
Sutton?] Yes; that is the name—Air. Sutton.
Question. Were any other Senators there be-
sides Mr. Crittenden and Mr. Toombs?
Answer. One other Senator was there, who has
since been pointed out to me as Mr. Iverson.
Question. Was Senator Foster there?
Answer. I do not know him.
On motion of Mr. Cobb, the committee ad-
journed until to-morrow, at ten o'clock, a. m.
cloth coat covered with blood on the should-
ers so thickly that the blood had soaked through
the cloth, even through the padding,and appeared
on the inside. There was also a great deal of
blood on the back of the coat and its sides.
Question. Were you aware of the intention
of Mr. Brooks to strike or inflict a blow before
the blow was felt ?
Answer. I hud not the remotest suspicion of
it until I felt the blow on my head.
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Do you know
how often you were struck ?
Answer. I have not the most remote idea.
Question. How many wounds have you upon
your head?
Answer. I have two principal wounds upon my
head, and several bruises on my hands and arms.
The doctor will describe them more particularly
than I am able to.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) You stated that
when Mr. Brooks approached you, he remarked
that he had read your speech, and that it was a
libel upon his State and upon his relative. I will
ask you, if you had, prior to that assault, in any
speech, made any personal allusions to Mr.
Brooks's relative, (Mr. Butler,) or to the State
of South Carolina, to which Mr. Brooks applied
this remark?
Answer. At the time my assailant addressed
me I did not know who he was, least of all did 1
suppose him to be a relative of Mr. Butler. In
a speech, recently made in the Senate, I have
alluded to the State of South Carolina, and to
Mr. Butler, but I have never said anything
which was not in just response to his speeches
according to parliamentary usage; nor anything
which can be called a libel upon South Carolina
or Mr. Butler.
Mr. Pennington moved to strike out so much
of the answer just given as characterized, or sough t
to characterize, the nature of the speech made by
Mr. Sumner, to wit, the words: " But 1 have
never said anything which was not in just re-
sponse to his speeches according to parliamentai y
usage, nor anyLhing which can bo called a libel
upon South Carolina or Mr. Butler,'5 as imma-
terial.
The question was then taken upon the motion;
and it was decided in the negative—yea I, nays
4; as follows:
Yea.—Mr. Ponntngton.
Nays—Messrs. Campbell, Cobb, Greenwood, and Spin-
ner.
Question. Are those, remarks m reference to
South Carolina and Mr. Butler, to which you
alluded m your last answer, correctly reported in
the copy of the speech which I now hand you?
Objected to by Mr. Pennington as immate-
rial.
The question, "Will the committee enteitnin
the question?" was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 3, nays 2; as follows:
Yeas—Messrs. Campbell, Cobb, and Greenwood.
Ways—Pennington and Spinner.
Answer. They are.
(The speech referred to by Mr. Cobb is ap-
pended to the testimony. See Appendix.] [The
speech is a copy of that published in the Appen-
dix to the Congressional Globe, pp. 5529-544.]
The committee then returned to the committee
room at the Capitol.
Hon. Willis A. Gorman, sworn;
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) State what you
know m reference to the assault alleged to have
been committed upon Mr. Sumner by Mr.
Brooks, of South Carolina, upon the 22d of this
month ?
Answer. After the adjournment of the Senate,
I was in conversation with Senator Toombs, of
Georgia, when I saw Mr. Sumner sitting at his
seat writing. After a few moments' conversa-
tion, I saw a gentleman approach, whom I have
since learned to be Mr. Brooks, of South Caro-
lina, and seemingly ask some question or speak
some words to Mr. Sumner, to which Mr. Sum-
ner seemed to reply. The words spoken by either
were not understood by myself; t heard nothing
but thu sound of the voice. I was about twelve
or tmrteen leet from them. Immediately after
the reply of Air. Sumner, Mr. Brooks struck
with a cane. Mr, Sumner then rose and at-
tempted to defend himself with a good deal of
vigor. Mr. Brooks continued to strike very rap-
idly, and with a g*cat deal of severity. Mr. Sum-
ner's arms were elevated, and the end of the cane
striking on the head nearly every lick. Mr. Sum-
ner seemed to be attempting to get hold of him
the first two or three licks, and Mr. Brooks came
back until he pressed against a seat, and the seat
fell over. In a very short time, the assistant
doorkeeperl think it was—Mr. Holland—seemed
to get hold of them. I rushed forward and tried
to get hold of them, and Mr. Toombs also rushed
forward. At that moment the parties were seized.
Mr. Sumner seemed to be in a fainting condition.
He seemed to be sinking down upon the rise of
the floor by the side of the aisle, in a fainting
condition. His head was cut pretty badly, I
thought, from the looks of it. Mr. Brooks
stood about six feet from him, but did not at-
tempt to strike any more. Mr. Sumner was
taken by the officers, Mr. Crittenden, and others,
into a back room. There my knowledge ends.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) How soon
after the adjournment of the Senate did this oc-
cur ?
Answer. I think about half or three quarters of
an hour. That is, however, from hearsay.
Question. How was Mr. Sumner engaged when
you first saw him, when Mr. Brooks approached?
Answer. In writing at his desk, leaning for-
ward in a writing posture.
Question. Were his legs under the table?
Answer. 1 would not undertake to say. Pie
was m the ordinary posture, sitting at the table.
Question. Did any considerable conversation
pass between them before the blow was struck?
Answer. Verybiief. A question and seeming
answer, and the blow. The substance of no words
was understood by me. All was said in a low
tone of voice.
Question. I-Iow many blows were struck before
Mr. Sumner rose from his seat?
Answer. I think but one. The very first blow
Mr. Sumner rose and attempted to defend him-
self with a great deal of vigor; putting hi*< hands
forward to get at Mr. Brooks, as 1 thought.
Question. With clenched fists, or with open
hands ?
Answer. I could not state that fact with any
particularity.
Question. Mow rapidly were the blows givm ?
*.Insurer. With lemarkahle rapidity fiom the
beginning.
Question. How manv blows in all?
An urn*. From ten to twenty—peihap4? more;
but. I should hardly think more than from ten to
twenty. The stick broke, I think, about the
fourth blow.
Question. Into how many pieces?
Answer. It broke off about from four to eight
inches from the foot of the cane.
(lucstlon. What was the size of the stick ?
Answer. I did not see it exceptas it was in the
hands of Mr. Brooks.
Qurstum. Cnnnotyou state about what was the
size of the stick ?
Antirer. 1 should suppose it was about one half
or throe quarters of an inch in diameter, from my
point of observation.
Question. What was the material ?
Answer. I do not know. I was not personally
acquainted with Mr. Brooks, and consequently
I did not attempt to make any personal examina-
tion of the stick. I did not feel of the stick. My |
attention about that time was directed in another
quarter somewhat.
Quesfion. Are you certain whether the desk
was pushed over in the effort of Mr. Sumner to
reach Mr. Brooks, or whether it was in rising
from his seat?
Answer. It was not the desk upon which he
was writing. It was the desk the third down
which fell over the one by the side of which Mr.
Sumner fell.
Question. Do you know what became of the
desk nf which Mr. Sumner was writing at the
commencement of the assault?
Answer. If anything unusual it escaped my
observation.
Question. Who were present in the Senate i
Chamber when this assault commenced ? j
Answer. L saw Mr. Crittenden. He was the !
only gentleman that was known to me—standing,
I think, at the door of the Senate, or near by. I
saw one or two doorkeepers, or assistant sergeants-
at-arrns, and one or two strangers, who stood
behind the President's chair; they wore unknown
Tuesday, May 27, 1856.
The committee met pursuant to adjournment at
ten o'clock.
Present—all the members of the committee.
Hon. James A. Peaice, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Do you know
anything of the assault alleged to have been
