628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
matron, I did not desire, against the general sense
of the House, to speak now, to the exclusion of
that other question of privilege; but X should re-
gard it as a personal favor and convenience if I
were allowed to do so. Still, X do not desire to
interfere with that general question, and especially
with the purpose of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Crawi ord,] who has the floor upon it. If,
however, the House be willing that I should
oceupy a portion of the morning hour now, 1
would do so. If not, and if the gentleman from
Georgia desires to jiroeecd now, I will very gladly
yield to him, stating, however, that I shall en-
deavor to claim tlie floor to-morrow morning,
dimng the morning hour, for the purpose of call-
ing up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CRAWFORD. In regard to yielding the
floor, I desire to say that 1 have no objection to
yielding it to the gentleman from Virginia for the
purpose of his making an argument in support
ef the motion which he has offered; but I do not
wish to lose thereby my right to the floor for the
purpose of discussing the Kansas question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia be allowed to proceed by unanimous con-
sent, the gentleman from Georgia will retain his
right to the floor.
- Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the regu-
lar order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections relating to the seat
of the Kansas Delegate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
House will proceed to the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elections.
• Ml'. MILLSOiN". I was going to say that I
supposed mine was a privileged question, and
that I had a right as against all the I-louse, except
the gentleman from Georgia, who proposes to
yield the floor to me; but I shall waive the right,
if objected to, hoping that I shall be allowed the
privilege to-morrow of speaking on my motion
to reconsider.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Several messages, in writing, were here received
from the President of the United States, by Sid-
ney Webster, his Private Secretary.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bp, ami lie
ia hereby, required to communicate to the; Douse tlie
amount of money which would oe i equu cd to com plcte the
lirulgo over the Little Falls, near Geoigetown, agreeably to
the plan already adopted.
UNITED STATES COURTS AND POST OFFICES.
Mr. WHEELER offered tlie following resolu-
tion; which was read for information:
Resolved, TEmt a scloi't committor of live bo
appointed to inquire into the o.\|ifijiriii-j of cn'rhnjr knid
lugs in the eitifa ot' Ronton. Now Voik, and Philadelphia,
suitable for the po.^-t office* and Tinted ^Uten court mut.is ,
lltid that the mo^ajjo of the l'tosident oi the i "nil.wl SluKx
to the last House ot Representative^, in relation thereto, he
referred to the said committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object.
DAMS AND BRIDGES IN IOWA.
Mr. THORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize ilio building of
dams and bridges across the Iowa, Cedar, and
Wabesepmiconrivers, in the State of Iowa; winch
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
UNITED STATES COURTS AND POST OFFICES;
AGAIN.
Mr. IXOU.3TON. 1 objected, Mr. Speaker, to
the resolution offered just now by tlie gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wukelrr,] because il.
proposed to create a select committee. I have no
objection to it, if it be so modiiied as to have it
sent to one of the standing committees of the
House.
Mr. WHEELER. Wei], let itgo to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my objection,
and hope the gentleman will have the resolution
sent either to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, or to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. AIKEN. I ask that the resolution be
amended so as to include the city of Charleston,
South Carolina, in its provisions.
Mr. WHEELER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I move to amend it so
that so much as relates to post offices shall bo re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and that so much as relates to courts shall
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHEELER. I accept that amendment.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. It is not proposed,
I suppose, to have a separate.building erected for
a post office and another for a courtroom.
Mr. WHEELER. Oh, no.
Mr. JONES. Then,sir, inmyopinion it would
not be right to refer the different parts of the same
building to different committees. They cannot,
it seem* to me, act in concert.
Mr. WAKEMAN, It would be utterly impos-
sible for the two Departments—that of the Post
Office and of the Judiciary—to be accommodated
in the same edifice in the city of New York; ut-
terly impossible. The building for the use of the
post office will require to be located in an entirely
different part of that city from that where the
courts are required to be; and it will be found to
bo the same m the city of Boston, and also, I ap-
prehend, in the city of Philadelphia. They arc
two entirely separate and distinct departments of
the Government,and require separate and distinct
offices. The postoffice is a public building, whose
business is transacted with noise and confusion—
the bringing hi and sending out of mails, and
business of such a character; while the judiciary
is a body which requires a quiet place for the in-
vestigation cf important legal questions. The
location of these two departments in one building,
in the city of New York, would be, in my judg-
ment, wholly impracticable. If it bo necessary
to unite them in thecity of Charleston, or Boston,
or Philadelphia, a union of the committees for
that purpose can be had; but I apprehend that no
such thing will be required. I think, therefore,
that that portion of the resolution which relates
to the courts should go to the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and that which relates to the post offices, to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WHEELER. I have offered a icsolution
similar to that which passed at tlie last session of
last Congress, when tho message of the President
of the United Stales was, with the accompanying
documents on the subject, referred to a select
committee, of which Mr. Witte, of Pennsylvania,
was chairman. I think that my colleague is mis-
taken with regard to his understanding of the
resolution. It will be very well to inquire into
the expediency, and although I am not sorry I
accepted the amendment of my colleague, still I
prefer the resolution in the original form.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ifmyfriend from New York
on n\y left [Mr. Wakeman] will reflect for a mo-
ment, lie will see that to adopt his motion would
complicate the matter very much. If New York
be situated differently from all the other cities
where buildings are being erected, or where the
erection ot buildings is in contemplation, for the
accommodation of custom-house, post office,and
other public soi vices, then it had better bo em-
braced m a separate resolution by itself. But he
certainly would defeat the whole object of the res-
olution by sending one branch to one committee,
and another to another. Again: if it be true, as
tho gentleman from New York seems to think,
that there must be separate buddings in New
York, and the resolution shall bo sent to the Com-
mittee oxi the Judiciary, which I think is tlie
proper committee to take charge of it, and they
tind that at iNew Yoik and Boston, or at any other
point, one building would not be sufficient for
these different purposes, they will so report, and
it can then be releired to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post [loads to inquire further. 1
think tho better plan is to have the whole matter
sent to one of tlie standing committees.
Mr. WAKEMAN. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman from Alnbama, if he knows of any
building in the United States whn'h is used for
the accommodation both of the post office and
of the courts?
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that all the build-
ings of this sort that we have been constructing
for the last half dozen years have been con-
structed for both.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Where? Letthegentle-
man point to one:
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, Mr. Speaker, all
those buildings about which this contest has been
going on for the last half dozen years—at Louis-
ville, at St. Louis, at Cincinnati, at Pittsburg, at
Buffalo, and everywhere—all those buildings con-
tain accommodations for the custom-house, the
post office, and the United States courts; that is
the universal practicc in the construction of these
buildings. The practice the gentleman proposes
is an invasion upon the general practice. That is
the reason why I object to the resolution as mod-
ified at the suggestion of my friend from New
York.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, If the gentleman
from New York will look at the report of the
Committee on Commerce, upon the custom-house
buildings at all these points, he will find that they
are all to accommodate the custom-houses, the
courts, and the post offices—all in the same
building.
Mr. WAKEMAN. If it is proposed to erect
a building in the city of New York that will ac-
commodate the post office and the courts, it will
be found wholly impracticable. In a conference
which I had with the Postmaster General the
other day, he expressed the opinion that it would
be wholly impracticable in New York; and in his
opinion it would also be found to be impracticable
in Philadelphia.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the matter be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and if they find
that to be the fact, they will so report.
Mr. WAKEMAN. But, sir, this resolution
cannot properly come under the charge of any
standing committee of the House. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary do not want to take charge
of tho providing of accommodations for the Post
Office Department, neither do the Post Officc
Committee want to take charge of the judiciary
accommodations. My design was to have so
much of the resolution as relates to the duties of
each of the committees referred to the committee
to wluch it appropriately belonged. That was my
design, but t am not tenacious on the subject.
If the gentleman from Alabama prefers that the
whole matter should go to one of the standing
committees of the House, I will not object further.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no particular desire
upon the subject. I am willing that the matter
should go to a special committee, so far as I am
concerned. But I think the whole should go to
one committee.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 hope the resolution will
then stand as 1 originally offered it, and go to a
special committee.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I am willing that the res-
olution shall go to a standing committee of tho
House, as gentlemen seem to prefer it, and I
will therefore withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PULLER. I think the Committee on
Commerce is the proper committee to take charge
of the matter. If gentlemen will examine the
records, they will find that these other buildings
have been authorized under the lead of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WHEELER. I am willing that the res-
olution should go to the Post Office Committee.
I will therefore modify my resolution so that it
shall stand in this form:
jRpsoJmZ, That the Committee on the PoH Office and
Po-t lloads mqmie into the expediency of erecting Unld-
niss in tlie ciiu's of Boston, New Voile, Charleston, and
Philadelphia, Mutable lor the post office* und United Sutea
court loom--? ;and that tho manage ot' the President of the
United States to the Ja?t Hou.-e of Representatives, in re-
lation theiefo,with the accompanying documents, be re-
leired to the t-aul committcc.
The resolution, as modified, was adopte'd.
THE SCHOONER ZADOCK PRATT.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will in-
dulge me in taking up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 142. It is a private bill; and I
want to have it taken up and passed instanter.
Th^rc being no objection, the bill of the Senate
to admit to registry or enrollment the schooner
Zadock Pratt, was taken from tlie Speaker's
table, received its several readings, and passed.
Mr. IIAVEN. I desire to make a privileged
motion. Inasmuch as the gentlemen who are
interested in this bill wish to be at work upon the
vessel, I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, and to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
