2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
on the Atlantic sea-board between Norfolk and
Pensacola, but to attract the attention of Con-
gress to our navy-yards generally. We certainly
ought to discontinue at least two northern yards,
and establish others; but I have not sufficient in-
formation to enable me to decide whether Bruns-
wick or Beaufort, or any other position in that
vicinity, be the most appropriate.
As the establishment of a navy-yard will neces-
sarily involve a large expenditure, and will pre-
clude, for many years, the creation of another
oi)e, we should weigh with care the advantages
and disadvantages of the various points sug-
gested. I will cheerfully vote for one at Bruns-
wick, if I can be satisfied that it possesses ad-
vantages for such an establishment over other
southern points on the Atlantic sea-board.
Mr. YULEE. I must object to the passage of
this bill at the present session. It is possible that,
on further inquiry, if I be satisfied in respect to
some particulars, I shall be disposed to favor it at
the next session; but it is not such a measure as
ought to be passed by the Senate without investi-
gation at this session. It has coriie up too late
for consideration. ThcSenate,! presume, hardly
appreciates the extent to which the Government
will become involved by this bill. Although it
is apparently a small one now, it will involve
appropriations to an amount the extent of which
no one can now determine. Without owning a
single acre of land at the point where it is pro-
posed to establish a navy-yard, the Department
is directed to purchase land, and commence the
establishment of a navy-yard. The establish-
ment of a new navy-yard involves a great many
important questions.
Mr. IVERSON. It is for a naval depot.
Mr. YULEE, That amounts to the same
thing; for we know what follows a commence-
ment of this kind. Already the Senate, by a
resolution adopted this session, has mstiucted
the Secretary of the Navy to report at the next
session upon the propriety of abolishing some of
the existing yards, and to inform us at what other
points it may be proper and advisable to estab-
lish navy-yards.
My own opinion is, that if another yard is to
be established south of the Chesapeake, there
ia another port infinitely better suited to the
purpose than the one proposed by this bill, and
that is the port of Lieaufort, which is a haibor
worthy of being used for naval purposes. It
has water sufficient for naval purpose'!; but the
port of Bmnswiclf, which is proposed now to be
established as a navy-yard, without any investi-
gation, and without any report, is shown, by a
recent survey by the officers of the const survey,
not to have enough water to admit the smallest
vessel of war that yon have now in the Navy.
I do not believe there is even a sloop of war in
our Navy which can enter that poi tat low water.
And yet, without any investigation, you propose
to make an appropriation of ^00,001), winch will
not even be enough to purchase tile hind; for you
imperatively instruct the Secretary to make the
purchase; and when he is once directed the own-
ers of the land will charge what they please. You
imperatively direct the establishment there, to be
followed by appropriations—to what extent you
do not know. Almost all the yaids already
established have cost millions. We have had
experience enough already in this matter by the
establishment of a ynril at Memphis. We ex-
pended over a million of dollars theie; and the
best thing the Government could do at hist was
to hand the yard over to the corjwrutioa of
Memphis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I wish lo know whether this bill is m
order under the resolution which we have adopted
to proceed with the piivatc bills ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that it is in order. It is 011
the tile of the House bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itis not a private bill,
. The PltESIDEN' Tpro tempore. The resolution
is not that private bills alone shall be considered.
Mr. YULEE. The bill ought not to pass
"without amendments; and in order that the Senate
may nut be occupied with the consideration of
amendments if they are not determined to go on
with the bill, I move that it lie on the table for
the present.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope atleaat that the motion
will not be urged until I can have five minutes to
explain the bill. Personal and private interests
are interfering with it.
Mr. YULEE. I withdraw the motion, cer-
tainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. In the first place, the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Yulee] is wrong as to there
having been no examination of this point. Under
a resolution for this very purpose, all the ports
have been surveyed from the capes of Virginia
to Cape Sable, in Florida; and reports from the
Navy Department have been sentin by authority,
which can be produced, saying that this is the
best point for the purposes of a naval depot. Its
capacity has been known from the earliest British
settlement, for the British Government started a
naval depot at Brunswick in colonial times. There
is a navy-yard, as the gentleman states, at Pen-
sacola; butalong your coast for eighteen hundred
miles there is not a single point where you can
find safety, south of the capes of Virginia, until
you get entirely around to Pensacola. Professor
Bache, of the Coast Survey, has surveyed this
port; it has twenty-four feet of water; and the
Department have uniformly recommended it, as
all the surveys have proved, to be the best port
on the coast. I know that other points and private
interest are growing up for the purpose of defeat-
ing this measure. Tlie opposition ought not to
come from the State of Florida, in the South, for
the purpose of putting the depot somewhere else.
The question h.°s been fully considered by the
Naval Committee of the House of Represent-
atives. It has passed there, been brought here,
and reported by our committee, and received as
much consideration, I doubt not, as nine tenths
of all the bills that have been passed. There is
now in the desk of my colleague the report of the
coast survey, showing all about the harbor and
trs position. It is no new place; surveys of it
have been made before; and, if you will look into
your own records, you will find that it is stated
by the United States engineers to be the best port
for a naval depot from the capes of Virginia to
Cape Sable. Of that I have no doubt. There is
no evidence to the contrary, except the partial
statements of those who want to make a different
arrangement. The Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] J know, from his past business trans-
actions, is well acquainted with it, and I yield
the floor to ask him to bear his testimony 011 that
point.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, a former official
connection with the BrunswieWnd Florida Rail-
! road Company led me to become acquainted with
| tins locality; 1 spent some considerable time there;
and my knowledge grows out of personal observa-
tion of the character of this harbor. I will say,
however, in justice to myself, that I have no
pecumniy interest at Brunswick, either with the
nwlioad or any other matter, directly or indi-
rectly, absolute or contingent, and have no ex-
pectation of ever again visiting or seeing that
place.
In iS.'U the Navy Department ordered a com-
mission to make an examination of all the southern
Atlantic ports, with a -view to the selection of
that which would best accommodate a naval
station. That examination was made by a naval
board of commissioners, and they came unani-
mously to the opinion, (reporting the result,) after
a full and thorough examination of Charleston,
Savannah, Beaufort, and other ports, togctlu r
with Brunswick, that Brunswick, taking all things
into consideration, was the best possible point.
Tluit, report was made as early as 1S34, and that
opinion has been confirmed by a more recent
investigation.
I can say, from my personal knowledge, that
having reference to the capacity of the harbor, to
us depth of water, to the ease of entrance, to
the depth of water over the bar, to the healthfnl-
ne$a of the location, and to the supply of the best
qualities of ship-building timber/live oak and
yellow pine, no more eligible position—none so
eligible, can be found elsewhere on the whole
southern Atlantic coast. If Congress shall be
of "pimon that it is advisable to establish a naval
depot at any point'upon the southern Atlantic
coast, 1 have no doubt whatever, from the per-
sonal observation I have made, and these exam-
inations of two separate boards of commissioners
for the purpose, that this is the most eligible posi-
tion.
I will say further, that although this locality is
at the extreme South, the bill partakes not of a
sectional or local character. Although the money
is to be expended on a southern point, it is to
inure to the benefit of oftr northern shipowners
in a very great measure.
Mr, BROWN. I think it very evident, from
the indications we have already "had, that if we
go on with this bill it will consume the residue
of the session. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my colleague will
withdraw that call for the present.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well, I withdraw it.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 9, noes 23.
Mr. MALLORY. When the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] refers to any private in-
terest of Florida as opposing this bill, I trust he
has no reference to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all.
Mr. MALLORY. I am in favor of the hill;
that is to say, I am in favor of the expenditure
for another navy-yard South. My only doubt
is whether this precise position is the best one to
be chosen. I have not the information before me
to decide on that point. I believe a navy-yard
South is absolutely essential.. We ought to have
one between Norfolk and Pensacola.
Mr. YULEE. 1 take itfor granted, that when
the Senator from Georgia speaks of private in-
terests he means local interests.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. Well, sir, I assure him that
there is no local interest in Florida which would
interfere with the accomplishment of the purpose
he has in view—none at all. I agree that the
harbor of Brunswick is an excellent commercial
harbor. If a yard is to be established South, we
of Florida should desire it to be as near our bor-
ders as possible. There is no possible reason what-
ever why there should be on the part of any inter-
est in Florida opposition to the establishment of a
navy-yard at Brunswick—none in the world that
I know of. 1 beg to assure the Senator from
Georgia also, that on m-ypart there is no consid-
eration influencing me which has reference to any
local interest of my State, for there is none of
which I am aware that will be interfered with in
the least by the establishment of this yard. But
my objection is one having reference to the in-
terests of our own section and of the United
States. I know that if another yard be estab-
lished there can be but one. 1 do not believe it
is likely that another yard can be established
between the Chesapeake and Key West if this
bill shall be passed. That will end any such
hope.
Now, my opinion is, and it is a conscientious
opinion with me, that if wc are to have a new
navy-yard south of the Chesapeake, we ought to
look further before we determine definitely on the
point. The Senator from Georgia is totally mis-
taken in the opinion which he has expressed,
that there is twenty-four feet of water at Bruns-
wick. lie may mean at high tide. At high tide
there maybe that depth; but I asseit the fact,
which will be made evident by a reference to the
coast survey reports, that there arc hut seventeen
feet of water upon the bar at Brunswick. I say
further—and I believe I shall be sustained in it
by whoever is familiar with the facts—that there
is not even a sloop of war in our Navy which,
when loaded with her armament and provisions
ready for a cruise, will not draw more than sev-
enteen feet of water. If she were at Brunswick,
bv waiting for hi^h water she might be got out;
but that is a condition which we should avoid, if
possible, in the establishment of a yard. It ought
always to be open to the ingress and egress of
our vessels of war. In the Savannah river you
have sufficient water for a navy-yard; there is
; twenty-one or twenty-two feet there at low
' water, and I think you can reach a point on that
river suitable for a navy-yard.
There is a still better harbor which is worthy
of examination. If a survey shall be found to
confirm what I have understood to be the fact,
(and the Senator from South Carolina can inform
me as to it,) it will undoubtedly be a preferable
point, both from its location and harbor—I mean
Beaufort, South Carolina, lying about midway
