1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61?
34th Cong.~.1st Sess.
The Government Buildings—Mr. BaU.
Ho. of Reps.
to beware of Abolitionism in all its Protean shapes.
And where, sir, could we find a more appropri-
ate comincr.tarf on the speeches of the Senators
from New York and Massachusetts than is con-
tained in the Farewell Address of George Wash-
ington ? The reference is familiar, and, it may
be, hackneyed; but when the citizens of fifteen
States are personified by an offensive title—'«The
Slav* Pwer"—and thus exposed to the hatred
of their fellow-citizens—when to the most flagrant
misrepresentation of their opinions and aims is
added the assault of new parties, public and
secret, political and religious, based solely on geo-
graphical discrimination;—when I see all these
signs, Mr. President, 1 know that the awful crisis
has come at last—the crisia in which the people
of the United States must either turn with affec-
tion, with gratitude, with confidence, to the
admonitions of Washington, or turn away to
destruction forever! If the millions of simple-
hearted agriculturists, mechanics, and laborers
—men too honest themselves to suspect others of
deceit and falsehood—do not arouse, and that
speedily, vain are all theories of popular govern-
ment—vain the wisdom of sages—vain the faith
of patriots—vain the blood with which " the
noble army of martyrs" has testified in past
time.
Mr. President, awful as may be this crisis—
impending the issues of life and death to us, to
bur beloved country, to freedom, to civilization,
nay, sir, even to tile African himself—my hope
does not fail. The Senator from Massachusetts
took occasion to inform us, to be sure, that he
and those who are associated with him in polit-
ical action will achieve a complete victory in the
course of the present year. I am not a prophet,
pir, as that Senator assumes to be; I am only an
humble, devout, and trustful believer in the ways
of Divine Providence. But I find in the Holy
Book which has been written for our guidance
in both temporal and spiritual affairs, a text
worthy of the Senator's consideration: " Let not
him that girdttk on his harness Loast himself as he
thcUptUtth it off!" The Senator has a desperate
conflict before him—one where he will be resisted
with a courage so brilliant, a zeal so virtuous, a
perseverance so stubborn, that the very stars, in
their courses, will seem to fight against him as
they fought against Sisera of old. The Senator
faeed not flatter himself by arguments drawn
from the year 1854. That tempest of delusion
has nearly spent its strength; it was sudden, but
•hort-lived—desolating in the assault, but soon
to be followed by grateful rains which will rein-
vigorate the seeds of patriotism once sown in the
hearts of the American people, and since parched
and withered, alas! by the great material pros-
perity we have so long enjoyed and abused.
The future, Mr. President—the future! Let
the Senator from Massachusetts locdfcforward,
and tell me whereabout, in the whole horizon,
North or South, East or West; he can descry a
single omen of that stupendous misfortune with
which he proudly threatens us. Sir, it must be
otherwise. God is merciful, and in His mercy
will I trust. From the trials of the last two years
—from all the gloom of bigotry' fanaticism, and
public demoralization, .so predominant, a new
•ad more splendid .procession of events in our
history must begin—the age of principles, more
comprehensive, more equitable, more salutary,
than have been taught since that fearful Missouri
question first shook the Republic from its center
to its extremities:
Magnus ab integro Msclornm nascitur ordo ?
Jam redit et Virgo, redeunt Satnrnia regna!
The clouds of sorrow break away from our
enraptured vision; and already, upon the firma-
ment above, behold emblazoned in eternal char-
acters the triumphant signal of the Union of our
fathers—the CowsTiTtrTiov by which that Union
was established—the civil and religious liberty
of which the Union and the Constitution are such
magnificent and perpetual gaaran tees. Senators !
Let us ail rejoice in this mighty deliverance. Let
ns not only take a better resolution for the con-
troversies which environ and waste our lives, but
gather fresh and pure hopes for the untold millions
who will lift their eyes to these heavens after we
shall have finished our days oil earth, and gone
to sleep aa all our fathers have gone.
THE GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS.
SPEECH OF HON. EDWARD BALL,
OF OHIO,
In the hotjse or Representatives,
May 26, 1856.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the motion made
by Mr. Ball on Monday last, to suspend the
rules so as to enable him to offer a resolution
requesting the President of the United States to
inform the House, at the earliest practicable day,
what amount of money has already been expended
or debts incurred upon the enlargement of the
Capitol, and what further amount of appropria-
tions will probably be required to complete the
same agreeable to the present plan of construc-
tion*, also, requesting minute information respect-
ing the work on the Capitol and Post Office ex-
tensions.
Mr. PHELPS stated that he objected on Mon-
day last'to the introduction of the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio, and, with the permis-
sion of the House, he would call their attention
to the fact that there were two committees which
were charged with the subject-matters embraced
in the resolution. He was willing that there
should be an inquiry into the expenditures con-
nected with the construction of the buildings
named, and if either of the committees to which
he had referred should report that they could not
obtain the necessary information except by an
order of the House* he would clothe them with
power to send for persons and papers. He did
not object to the information called for, but the
resolution would lead to Buch an extended in-
quiry as would necessarily involve the employ-
ment of additional force in the office having charge
of these works.
Mr. BALL would not dispute the fact that the
committees referred to by the gentleman had the
power to make the investigations proposed in his
resolution; but because those committees had
made no movement in the matter was no reason
why any member should refrain from doing what
he might conceive to be his duty. As chairman of
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
he had looked sotnewhat into these matters, and
the discoveries he had made had induced him to
submit his resolution, that the House and the
country might see the manner in which the law
had been disregarded. He knew that debate was
not in order at the present stage of the proceed-
ings, but trusted that the House would suspend
the rules, when he would call their attention to
matters of which they had certainly never read
or dreamed.
The question was then taken; and the motion
to suspend the rules was agreed to—yeas 131,
nays 25.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform this House, at the earliest practicable
day, what amount of money has already been expended, or
debts incurred, upon the enlargement of the Capitol; and
what further amount of appropriations will probably be re-
quired to complete the same, agreeable to the present plan
of construction.
Furthermore, that he cause detailed information to be
given upon the following beads, to wit: The cost, per ton,
when delivered at the Capitol, of the wrought, rolled, and
cast iron, respectively; and the number of tons of each kind
which has been supplied, and the number of tons which
will still be required.
The cost, per foot, of the various kinds of marble used in
said'construction ; the localities from whence obtained; the
amount of each description which has been already deliv-
ered; and the amount contracted for which is still to be
delivered; and the proportion of that known as the " Lee
marble" which has been furnished in blocks of less than
thirty cubic feet; and what variations, if any, have been
made in the cutting of the marble specified in the original
contract of Provost, Winter & Co.; and whether such
changes, if made, have increased the cost of the work; and
if so, to what extent; having special reference, in this con-
nection, to the windows of the principal story, the capitals
of the pilasters, comice, he.
The quantity of bricks furnished, with the places from
whenee obtained, and the cost, per thousand, of each lot
when delivered at the Capitol; the cost, per thousand, for
laying up the same, including superintendence, tenders,
&c.; and whether the said bricks were laid up by contract
or by the day.
The number and cost of horses, oxen, wagons, carts,
drays, carriages, baggies, or other vehicles, used or employed
in connection with said extension of the Capitol.
The cost of shops, sheds, steam-engines, turning lathes,
dotting machines, stone saws, wire cables, derricks, and
other machinery and tools, the property of the Government,
used in said extension.
Also, what amount of money has been expended, debts
incurred, or contracts entered into, towards the removal of
the old dome, and the erection of the new one, upon th«
original Capitol building.
Also, the number of persons employed as sculptors, mod ■
elers, bronze workers, &c.; the prices paid, and under what
authority of law they arc employed.
And, further, that he cause to be famished to the Houm
a list of the names of all persons employed, within each
i year, since the commencement of the Capitol enlargement,
| as superintendents, architects, draughtsmen, engineers,
j clerks, inspectors, or receivers of material?, foremen, over-
i seers, messengers, watchmen, or others em ployed about said
work ia any capacity other than as workmen or laborers;
specifying the particular service performed by each, and
the amount of compensation.
That the information here sought be accompanied with a
detailed statement of all contracts made in connection with
this building; stating whether the saine have been made in
all cases after advertisement for bids; and if so, whether
the contracts have been awarded, in all cases, to the lowest
bidder; and if not, the reasons theretor.
Post Office Extension.
Resolved, That the President cause the House to be
informed as to the amount of granite or marble contracted
I for or purchased, to be used in the construction of the
I extension of the General Post Office building; from what
: localities obtained; and the prices paid, or agreed to be
j paid, for each particular description of material.
The amount expended in shops, sheds, stables, and tools $
I the amdffit expended in the construction of derricks,
I including all hoisting apparatus; the amount expended in
the purchase of horses, oxen, wagons, drays, carts, tic.
What pohion of the work upon said building is con-
structed by contract, and what portion by mechanics and
laborers employed by the day; together with the prices paid
and the number of men employed upon each description of
work.
The number of days already expended in cutting granite,
and the number of surface feet now cut.
The price paid per day, or per foot, for cutting marhle,
the number of days' work already applied to that- servict,
and die number of surface feet dressed.
The average cost (including superintendence) per foot for
setting granite and marble.
The number of tons of iron beams and other metal con-
tracted for; from whom obtained; and the cost per ton
when delivered.
What other material has been purchased or contracted
for; the prices to be paid; and with whom the contracts, if
any, have been made.
The names of all persons employed as superintendent?,
architects, draughtsmen, engineers, clerks, inspectors, re-
ceivers, overseers, foremen, messengers, watchmen, kc.,
together with the compensation paid to each per day or per
month; and the particular service which each performs.
Mr. BALL then said:
When, on Monday last, I presented these reso-
lutions, it was not my purpose to have said a
single word upon the subject-matter to which
they relate, for I did not then anticipate objec-
tions, from any quarter, to their adoption; and,
Mr. Speaker, I must be allowed to express my
surprise, this morning, at the degree of sensitive-
ness manifested by some of our friends on the
other side of the Hall, at a simple call for in-
formation touching the expenditures of public
money in the construction of the public buildings
in this District. The objection just now made by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] that
it will require a large additional force of clerks
to furnish the desired information, does not strike
me as important, even if it were correct; but
having visited the various offices of the superin-
tendent in charge of the Capitol and Post Office ex-
tensions, and found the books kept in a systematic
manner, I am satisfied the information sought can
be furnished with very little extra labor. At any
rate, I think it highly important to the country
that this call should be made and answered, that
the people may see precisely how their money is
being expended upon these buildings. Before I
proceed further, let me say, that I have not beeii
controlled in this movement by any feeling of
hostility towards the people of this District; I
entertain no such feeling—far otherwise—1 am in
favor of a liberal expenditure of money here so
far as it may be necessary to provide suitable
buildings for the accommodation of Congress and
the various Departments, and am desirous that
these structures sffould be substantially made,
and willing also that they should be adorned and
beautified, so far as may be consistent with what
ought to belong to our republican character.
But,sir, I am opposed, ever and strongly opposed,
to all expenditures which add nothing to the
strength, or convenience, or true beauty of these
edifices, and which are lavished to provide deco-
rations, and trappings, and gewgaws, for the
purpose of emulating the magnificence of royalty
in tne aristocratic Governments of the Old WofrM
