1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2229
between Charleston and Savannah, the two com- I say to the Senator from Vermont that my state-
mereul centeis of that portion of the southern 'I ment rests upon a view of the soundings of the
cou^t. That poil, I understand, has twenty-two j; coast survey just returned to the office here,
or twiuy-tlnee t'uet at low water, with some six | Mr. FOOT. 1 did not understand the honor-
feet nv "of tide. If that be so, it is a harbor 1 able Senator as speaking from his personal knowl-
worihy of improvement-.and its location between j edge.
the tv. ij great, commercial cities of the South, and | Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays on
midwav between tiie Chesapeake and the capes 'Mr. Allen's motion, and they were ordered;
of i-'ioi'ida, its liealtbfulness, and the sufficiency j and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 23; as
of w.iter, make it well worthy, at all events, to be follows:
considered m competition for the location. It is
because, when we do establish a yard south of
the Chesapeake on the Atlantic coast, I want it
to be a yard which ill all emergencies, and under
all contingencies, will be valuable and useful to
the section of country in which it is to be estab-
lished, that I prefer that we should look further
before we determine definitively. What harm
can result to the public service by leaving the bill
to remain until the next session? It has come
here within the last two days, and the Senate has
had no time to investigate the subject. It in-
volves an ultimate expenditure which cannot fall
short of two or three millions of dollars, if we
judge by the cost of other yards.
I think the Senate would be proceeding very
unwisely to take up this subject, so important in
reference to the future interests of the country,
and decide on it hastily, without that mature con- j
sideration which it deserves. The Memphis i
navy-yard was commenced in the same way. ;
An appropriation of $100,000 or §200,000 was :
made at the heel of a session to commence the i
yard. We commenced it, and went on expend- j
mg money until the expenditure reached, I think, ;
one or two millions of dollars; and then the best
thing the Government could do was to ask the 1
corporation of Memphis to accept the yard, with j
ail its incidents, as a present, and I believe more ;
than a year elapsed before the corporation of:
Memphis would agree to accept it as a present,
and 1 do not know whether m fact they have |
done so to this day. I hope the Senate will take [
time to consider this matter. I shall offer an <
amendment, winch I hope will be accepted, at all :
evei'ts, if the bill be passed. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen- j
ator num Florida offer an amendment? j
Mr. YULEE. I wish to do so if the Senate j
dcti'imine to procei d with the oill.
ilr. I3EXJAM1X. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the friends and opponents-ot this bill.
There are some two or three Senate bills which
have been leturned from the House with umm- !
poriant amendments, and if they will permit us to
pass those bills, we call then resume the consider- |
anon of this. Those bills will be complete on the ■
Sena'e concurring in the House amendments, j
which oie smip'iv verbal. j
Mr. B8.0VVX I object to any such arrange- ,
ment. . , . ,.
Ml-. FOOT. I will not continue this discus- i
si on; but I desire to say, in reply to the declara- j
non of the honouablc Senator from Florida, [Mr. j
Yclkc.] m regard to the depth of water across !
this bar entering the harbor of Brunswick, that ,
he is cet tauily mistaken, if reliance can be placed ;
at all on the report of the very able board of com- ;
mi.-simieis. That board of commissioners report ;
:h of twenty-thiee feet across the bar at St. j
, i> "s Island at low water, and twenty-nine feet |
at hmh water; and 1 know that vessels fully loaded j
wnJi'iron ha\ e entered that harbor without a pilot, ^
and with a stranger captain who never entered ,
the ha-'bor before. , . |
Mr. BUTLER. I know there is no time now
to inw^Uirate these matters, and I cannot, there- j
fon , vote" tor the bill at this moment. I do not'
kiK'V' th.it I have any particular local preference,
but n" v.v jiKh'O from tradition, history, and the
a^vft.Ki.nn-n? of a survey, there is no companson
b. t*v u P«>i; Royal harbor and any other hai bor
Norfolk around the whole coast. 1 say the
Pnjt Koydl is indicated by nature as
whole southern coast.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Bi ss, Bigler,
Bright, Broilhead, Brown, Butler, Clayton. Crittenden,
Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pratt, iteid, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Cass, Clay, CoUamer, Dodge, Durkee, Fish,
Fitzpatnek, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Iverson,
James, Jones of Tennessee, Mailory, Seward, Toombs,
Wade, and Weller—23.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Culi,om, their Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 201)
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government, for the year ending 30th of
June, 1857.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol
has been made by the Senator from Georgia. I
am for leaving the door open till the last moment,
for agreement between the two Houses, on this
important bill. I do not know that it is possible
to produce an agreement; but still, so long as
there is the slightest chance, I would not close
the door by adhering. I move to amend the
motion of the Senator from Georgia, by striking
out "adhere," and inserting "insist. I would
insist, and appoint committees of conference until
the last moment, to see if it be not possible to
save the Army appropriation bill. Many of the
officers, as well as the men, of the Army, are
living, as it were, from hand to mouth, and £ do
not know anything more disastrous that could
well happen now, than the Iqss of this bill. I
am so anxious to save it that 1 desire every effort
to be made for that purpose, until the last mo-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I had the
honor to be upon this committee of conference
on the pa# of the Senate—a minority on it. I
have but a word to say in explanation of my own
course, and even this would not be necessary had
not the majority thought proper to explain theirs.
The House of Representatives, as I understand,
while they have voted all the supplies required
by the Executive administration of the Govern-
ment, for the Army of the United States, Have
deemed it proper to insert one condition in the
bill; and that is that no part of the'moneys which,
they appropriate shall be expended for the sup-
lowmg enrolled bills, which had heretofore re- j p0rt 0f the so-called laws of the Territorial Legis-
ruiep;
bine
in
the fi Vie s Mm"' tin -Whole southern co«t. 1 l; ever H may ^   ^aYes
muke that assertion,ami may appeal to 1 h®.®. il s anj Missouri, but for the restraining; you woul
of the CO,ust M.rvt-y to sustain me; but whuho i .K.rwtitmmn. Considering it utterly .> and it wo
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House:
An act making appropriations for the service i
i of the Post Office Department during the fiscal i
! year ending the 30th of June, lt>57; I
j An act making appropriation for the transpor- ,
| tation of the United States mail, by ocean steam- !
! ers and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending |
j 30th June, 1857; '
; An act making appropriations for light-houses, !
! light-boats, buoys, &e., and providing for the
| erection and establishment of the same, and for l
i other purposes; _ _ I
1 An act making appropriations for the legisla- J
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov- i
j ornment for the year ending the 30th of June, j
! 1857; and . ji
' An act to regulate the consular and diplomatic ■
i system of the United States.
j MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
I A message from the. House of Representatives,
'■ by Mr. Cellom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the bill (S. No. 438) for the relief of
i Thomas H. Baird.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BTI.L.
: Mr. TOOMBS. The third committee of con-
! ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
j on the bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropria-
i tions for thfe support of the Army for the year
J endive 30th of June, 1857, have met, and after
I full and free conference, being unable to agree,
j ask to be discharged.
I Mr. President, I move m this case that the ben-
| ate adhere to their amendment, and notify the i]
I House of that determination. I will make one :[
1 word of observation on ilus report. While the
! majority of the Senate were very desirous of';
i agreeing with the House, they had insuperable j
i objections to the amendment of the House. While
■ wo have great confidence in the existing Execu- <;
I tive we are unwilling to put the Army of the Uni- i,
! tell States in his hands, with the wide discretion )
to preserve the peace in the Territories and States
1 of this Union at his own will. We were penect.y
; willing that no part of the military force should 1
r be used except m conformity with the Oonstitu-
\ tion and the acts of 1795 and 1S07. We were
' i totally unwilling (mindful of the jealousy of out ,
i ancestois of what is due to public liberty) to gn e
/ a wild and nncontioRed discretion to the Presi- ;
dent of the United Suites to use the Army wher-
ever it may suit his pleasure. He could, under
lature of Kansas. I was of opinion that this
was a lawful condition, and was not revolution-
ary, because the enactments of that Legislature
of Kansas were irregular, and the body itself
revolutionary.
The bill authorizes no suspension of any con-
stitutional laws of the United States, but merely
directs the President to execute constitutional
laws, and refuses to allow him to execute uncon-
stitutional and revolutionary enactments. With
these views, I dissent from the majority of the
committee, and I am opposed to adhering to the
position which the Senate has taken; and upon
the question of agreeing to the report, 1 ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
, from Delaware moves to amend the motion of the
; Senator from Georgia, by striking out the word
!" adhere," and inserting " insist."
Mr. HUNTER. It cannot be amended. These
' motions take precedence in this order: whichever
! will end the bill first, is to take precedence. A
motion to recede takes precedence of any other,
because its adoption settles the bill. Next comes
a motion to adhere. We cannot amend one or
the other. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chatr
i will jfut the question first, on the motion of the
I Senator from Georgia to adhere to the amendment
I of the Senate. . .
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist on that. This is the
third committee of conference.
I Mr. CASS. There is not the remotest possi-
i bility, in my opinion,of a majority of the Senate
! ever acceding to the proposition of the House of
! Representatives. I would, however, suggest to
i the honorable Senator if he had not bettel, under
! the circumstances, move to insist. Let us do all
we can, and give time to the House for reflection
I We have not much time left until twelve o'clock
i As to myself, my mind has been made up on due
: reflection; 1 will not change. I am utterly op-
i posed to this mode of coercion by which provis-
|! ions are to be inserted in appropriation bills, that
do not properly relate to those necessary bills for
the support of the Government—provisions m-
voivni«-r gieat questions ot fundomcntal policy
under =the Constitution. The efiect of such a
system must be that, ins'ead of having a Gov-
ernment with two branches in the Legislature
a Government composed of popular numbers and
of State sovereignties, each a check on the other,
Id have a Government of butone branch,
French
clause m the Constitution. Considering it utterly . anu n .uaU,'fe'^he'fncvitoble result.
it is a proper place to have a naval depot, I cannot
sav. 1 cannot vote for this bill now. ,
Mr A1XKW 1 move to postpone the further ;i pouuonis%K
consideiation of the bill until the third Monday j: of tne Lonsi
of December ,; ad\lse the - -
Mr. YULEE. Allow me, before the vote is jj 9u"^c®4'ayT0N ^1 regret the motion which i! appropriation
taken, to correct a statement of fact. I wish to l Mr. . refcrei e
sutution, we have nothing to do but .
Senate to adhere, and leave the conse- ■
we adopt this precedent, they have but to intro-
duce it mto an appropriation bill, and say that the
bill shall not pass without this
