1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Government Buildings—Mr. Ball.
Ho. or Reps.
advertisement, but bidders were therein referred
to the present Treasury building for the sizes,
shape, dimensions, &c.; and were told that they
would be the same as in the present building.
The following extract is taken from the adver-
tisement referred to:
" On tlie court or rear side of the exterior, the walls will
be plain ashlar, with plain window openings of equal height
in tlie three upper stories, and crowned with a cornice sim-
ilar to the rear of the present building, without the architrave
and friexe.
" On the remainder of the exterior walls, the columns
and antes, their capitals and bases, the entablature and
balustrade, the window and door dressings, &c., the style
of architecture of the present building, so far as ornament
is concerned, will be preserved throughout, with the excep-
tion of the door and window openings, which may be varied,
except those in the east end of tlie two wings. The sizes,
shape, and dimensions of the columns, antes, capitals,
bases and cross section of the entablature and balustrade,
will be the same as in the present building.
" If of granite, the shaft of the columns may be either in
one or three pieces of equal length."
The advertisement further notifies bidders that
" any further information can be obtained by ap-
plication to the Treasury Department." Well,
sir, applications were made; and I have in my
possession two schedules furnished by the archi-
tect, Mr. Youngs, to persons who intended to
bid. Neither of these papers has a single word
which would lead any one to infer that stone
would be required of a size larger than those con-
tained in the old building. Indeed, I am assured
by one of the gentlemen who applied that it was
with much difficulty he could obtain any satis-
factory information on tlie subject, there appear-
ing to be an evident design to keep bidders as
much in the dark as possible. I understand there
are no stones in the old building which contain
so much as one hundred cubic feet. The rough
itones bid for were calculated in lots, aa follows:
24,000 cubic feet, averaging 30 feet each.
4,000
4,000
16,000
2,500
50
100
330
613
In the computation of the bids of Messrs.
Beals & Dixon there is no difference between
that made at the Department and my own, ex-
cepting that about $17,000 is yet to be added to
the cost of the twenty-five hundred feet, which
I will hereafter explain. We each compute it at
471,751 in the gross; but, in the computation of
both the Messrs. Emery's bids, we differ widely.
According to my calculation, M. G. Emery's
bid for all the rough stock amounts to. $27,202
The Department makes it amount to.. $416,550
I make J. B. Emery's bid  $25,895
The Department makes it $341,714
This is a very wide difference—one or the
other of us must be very unreliable in figures. I
will give the bids of M. G. and J. B. Jj^nery, and
let gentlemen calculate for themselves and determ-
ine where the error lies. The following is taken
from the proposal of M. G. Emery as given in
the report of the Secretary, and comes imme-
diately after the bid for the steps and platforms
already referred to:
For stock in all the other stone whose contents does not
exceed thirty cubic feet, per foot.. $0 50
For all stone from thirty to seventy cubic feet, an
additional price per cubic foot of.   .
For all stone exceeding seventy cubic feet, an ad-
ditional price per cubic foot of.  6
For all stones of greater width than than three times their
thickness, add two per cent, for each additional three
inches in width.
Now, this I understand to mean fifty-two and
a half cents per foot for all blocks of stone con-
taining more than thirty and up to seventy cubic
feet; and fifty-eight and a half cents per foot for
all stones containing over seventy cubic feet each.
Stich is the opinion of every architect to whom I
have submitted it, and such I learn from Mr.
Emery is what lie intended. At these rates the
2,500 feet of 613 feet average, would amount to
$1,462. Thel6,000 feet of330 feet average,to
$9,300. The 4,000 feet of 100 feet average, to
$2,340; and the 4,000 feet of 50 feet average to
$2,100. But by some mysterious method of
ciphering, familiar only at the Treasury I pre-
sume, and there only known to such as control
matters when absolutely necessary to accomplish
a purpose—this 2,500 feet of rough stone is made
to amount to $87,700! and the 16,000 feet of 330
feet stone to $289,650! So much for M. G.
Emery's bid.
Now let us look a little into the bid of his
brother, J. B. Emery—here it is:
Stbckin all other stone of thirty cubic feet  $0 48
AH stone measuring from thirty to seventy feet, an
additional price per foot of  2
All stone exceeding seventy cubic feet, an addi-
tional price per cubic foot of  5
For all stone of greater widtli than three times their thick-
ness, an additional price of one per cent, per foot for each
additional three inches in width.
Now, these prices I take to be forty-eight, fifty
and fifty-five cents per foot for the respective
descriptions bid for. Such is the construction of
every one beyond the walls of the Treasury De-
partment, and such I know to be the intention of
the party who made the bid. By this mode of
computation the 2,500 feet of rough stone, 613
feet each, amounts to $1,375. At the Treasury
they make it $71,075 or nearly forty dollars per
foot!—a pretty round price for rough stone.
The 16,000 feet, averaging 330 feet, I make
$8,800. The arithmeticians at the Treasury make
it cost $244,480.
Now, it is not necessary to enter into any
argument to prove the absurdity of such calcula-
tions; the matter is so apparent to every one that
it would only be a waste of time to pursue it fur-
ther. But I stated that there was one item which
would increase the cost of this famous twenty-
five hundred feet rough stone about $17,000, in
addition to the $12,031 which the Treasury
scholars make it, and which is nearly five dollars
per foot.
I find the following paragraph in the contract of
Messrs. Beals & Dixon:
" The stones of greater width than three times their
thickness, including freight and delivery, an additional
price of twenty-five per cent, for each additional three
inches in width."
This item has not been calculated at the Treas-
ury—it remains to be done. This twenty-five
hundred feet consist of four stones, seventeen
and ahalf feet square and two feet thick, intended
for buttress caps at the south entrance of the
south wing. Now, three times their thickness
| is just six feet; which, deducted from the seven-
i teen and a half feet, leaves eleven and a half feet,
! every three inches of which is to have an addi-
I tional twenty-five per cent, per cubic foot added.
1 I have had this calculation made by a competent
j architect, and thought it was among my papers
I here, but cannot now lay hands on it, and there-
| fore cannot name the precise amount; but I re-
member that it exceeded sixteen thousand dol-
lars.
Taking the computation of Beals & Dixon's bid
as made at the Treasury, without adding this
$16,000 or $17,000, and taking the Treasury com-
putations of the bids of the Emerys, (excepting
as to the rough stone,) and adding my own calcu-
lations as to them—and I have no hesitation in
saying that they are correct*—and the account
stands about, as follows:
J. B. Emery's bids,total $151,062
M. G. Emery's bids, total  170,339
Beals & Dixon's bids, total  243,572
which is $73,215 more than M. G. Emery, and
$92,492 more than J. B. Emery. But this is not
all. There is an immense amount of channel
work, molding, arris, beveled work, and circular
work, which was bid for, and which is contained
in the contract of Messrs. Beals & Dixon. On
every item of this work both the Messrs. Emery
are very far below the contract prices of Messrs.
Beals&Dixon. J.B. Emery is at least one hundred
per cent, lower in the aggregate. What amount
the Government will lose on this part of the con-
tract I cannot tell, because I could not ascertain
the number of feet of that description of work to
be done; the report does not show it, and I have
not yet been able to get it from the Secretary,
although I wrote a letter to the Department sev-
eral days ago, requesting this information on
* Proven to be so by the very act of the officers in charge
of this work, for it will be seen by their own calculations
of the bid of J. J. Rink, one of the bidders for this same
material, that they compute it by the same rule by which I
have computed the bids of the Emerys. Kink used in bis
bid precisely the same language used by Emery, but he had
bid so high on the shafts, cornices, architraves, and capitals,
that it was not necessary to resort to any dishonest mode
of calculation to get it above that of Beals & Dixon.
behalf of the committee. The excess of Beals &
Dixon's bid above Emery's for this work may
be $30,000 or $40,000, or $50,000, or even more
than this last sum—depending entirely upon the
number of feet to be cut.
This is not the only instance in which the
lowest bidder has not received the contract for
materials to be used in this Treasury extension.
I find, in another part of this extraordinary docu-
ment, that a large contract of granite for scew-
backs has been awarded to Sumwalt & Greene,
at fifty cents per foot, while W. J. McCloy &
Co. bid forty-five cents, and Davis & Greene bid
forty-two cents. This was so glaring that it was
deemed necessary to insert an explanatory note,
saying that Messrs. Davis & Greene " could not
fill the order short of three months," and that
McCloy & Co. proposed to deliver at the wharf;
but good care was taken not to say that Sumwalt
& Greene delivered their stone at the railroad
depot, which is, I believe, further from the Treas-
ury than the " wharf" where McCloy proposed
to deliver. But I find, in referring to the bid of
Davis & Grfene in another part of the document, •
that nothing is said about'' three months.'' Here
is what they say:
Richmond, March 1,1856.
We will furnish immediately the above bill of stone,
delivered on the wharf at Washington, at forty-two cents
per foot. Should this proposition be acceded to, please
address the undersigned, at Bichmond, Virginia.
Yours, very respectfully, DAVIS & GREENE.
" Immediately" is the word, sir, not " three
months.''
Is it possible that the Secretary ever examined
this report before signing it ? However unjusti-
fiable nis neglect to do so, considering the pecu-
niary interests involved, and the vicinity of the
work in question, still the most charitable con-
clusion is, that this report was prepared by some
subordinate, and his signature appended with no
knowledge, on his part, of the contents.
Unfairness in awarding the contracts is not
the only accusation I have to make against the
officers in charge of this Treasury extension. I
charge them with an open and flagrant violation
of the law. At the last session of Congress an
appropriation was made for the continuation of
this building; and here are the words of the act,
as recordad in the tenth volume of United States
Statutes, page. 648:
" For the continuation of the Treasury building, $300,000 j
.to be expended under the direction of the President of the
United States, according to the plan proposed by Thomas
U. Walter, architect, and approved of by the Committees
of the Senate and House of Representatives on Buildings
and Grounds, at the last session of Congress."
This law is specific. It cannot be easily mis-
understood. The appropriation is to be expended
in constructing the building in accordance with a
specified plan. Well, sir, 1 have that plan before
me, signed by Thomas U. Walter, architect, and
approved and signed by Mr. Bayard, chairman
of the Senate Committee, and by Mr. Craige,
chairman of the House Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds during the last Congress.
This plan of Mr. Walter, approved by the two
committees, signed by their two chairmen, and
thus adopted by act of Congress, is of plain
Grecian architecture, and in conformity with the.
style of the present building.
I have here, also, the plan by which the super-
intendent and the architect are constructing this
extension. By reference to these two plans it
will be seen that some changes have been made
in the interior; while in the exterior Mr. Walter,
would be able to recognize but few features of his'
plan. The plain front has been covered all over
with a sort of Italian " gingerbread work, "giving
it more the appearance of an old-fashioned stage
tavern, with a double porch, than of the present
American Treasury Building. This change in
the style of the building, made in positive viola-
tion of law, will greatly enhance the cost. It pro-
poses to adorn all the windows, &c., with expen-
sive moldings cut in the hard granite, expensive
channel work, circular work,&c., &c., along the.
entire south front of the building; it contemplates
making each of the antes thirty feet in length, or
more, and of a single block of stone. This is
the destination of the sixteen thousand feet of
stone in blocks of three hundred and thirty feet
each, costing $43,040, when the same amount of
stone in blocks such as are used in the present
