6% 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26j
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Government Buildings—Mr. Ball.
Ho. op Reps.
building:, and such as were provided by the plan
of Mr. WalteY, would cost but $8,000. So also
with these four stones for buttress caps, and the
shafts of the columns in one piece. All these are
departures from the plan adopted by Congress.
These three deviations alone will increase the cost
at least $80,000, while it is impossible to tell how
much will be added by the worse than useless
trappings affixed to the exterior of the building,
ana which, if not arrested by the present Con-
fress, will deface the two other additions yet to
e commenced, and then require the demolition
of the front of the present building, and its re-
construction in an embellished style correspond-
ing with these lawless impositions.
The same person who has control of this
building is also the director of some eighty or
ninety other buildings, such as custom-houses,
post offices, marine hospitals,court-houses,branch
mints, &c., scattered all over the United States.
I will "Jill the particular attention of my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who has hereto-
fore taken some interest in these custom-house
and marine hospital appropriations, to this fact;
it may serve to explain why, year after year,our
deficiency bills have been so shingled over with
supplemental appropriations for these things. It
may be, that with them, as with this building, he
has taken it upon himself, without law, or in
violation of law, to alter or change the style of
these works in such manner as may suit his
peculiar notions.
Again, sir, I would call the attention of the
House to that portion of this report which exhib-
its the fact that nearly $17,000 has been, or is to
be expended in the purchase or construction of
machinery to handle this material and set it in
the building. What the tabor is to cost .in addi-
tion we have no means of knowing. But, sir,
past experience shows us that it will be no incon-
siderable item. I have been told within a few
days, by a very respectable master-builder of this
city, that he would be willing to enter ir.to a con-
tract, by which he would engage to furnish his
own tools, teams, machinery and hands, and set all
the material in the building, for less money than
the cost of the tools, machinery, &c., which have
been procured by the Government officials to do
it with.
Before I take leave of the Treasury building,
and pass to the consideration of the Capitol and
Post Office extensions, permit me to make a single
remark in reference to the marine hospital now
in process of construction at Cleveland, Ohio.
That is one of the eighty-four public buildings,
the control of which is committed to this same
officer, (Captain Bowman.) When at home some
five or six weeks ago, I met with an intelligent
gentleman of my own city, a Democrat in poli-
tics—and a Nebraska man at that—who had re-
cently paid a visit to Cleveland—he has himself
been an extensive master-builder. He had been
examining this marine hospital building in com-
pany with a friend of his, aresidentof Cleveland,
who is also a master-mechanic. He informed me
that his friend declared that he would be glad to
make a contract with the Government, giving
ample security for its fulfillment, whereby he
would obligate himself to construct just such a
building on the adjoining lot, equal in size, work-
manship, material, and all other respects, to the
present one for the sum which the Government
has actually paid for plans, superintendence, and
engineering upon this From observation, here
and abroad, and from a careful scrutiny of this
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, the con-
viction has forced itself upon my mina that there
has been, and now is, a loose, lavish, if not reck-
less, expenditure of money in the construction of
all these public buildings; and hence I have felt it
to be a duty incumbent upon me to ask the House
to join in this investigation, and to adopt the res-
olutions now before it, calling for information in
detail as to the character and cost of the labor and
material used in the construction of the Capitol
and Post Office enlargement.
I prefer no charge of corruption against Captain
Meigs, the officer in superintendence, nor do I
accuse him of neglect of duty; on the contrary it
gives me pleasure to say, that my brief inter-
course with this gentleman has favorably im-
pressed me with his strict attention to duty and
uncommon energy of character. My objection
is not to him personally, but to what I regard as
the extravagantly expensive scale of his plans
and workmanship. If the Government desired
to build a fortress to be made as impregnable as
Cronstadt is represented to be, I doubt if a man
in the nation could be found better qualified to
take charge of such a work than Captain Meigs;
but gentlemen schooled in the military service
learn a great deal more about constructing public
works with strength than with economy, and seem
to have no idea of the value of money. Such must
be the conclusion of all who examine into the
cost of the various structures placed under their
direction.
The original estimate for the entire completion
of the two wings of this Capitol was $2,675,000.
Are gentlemen aware that this amount has al-
ready been appropriated ? It was done during the
last session of Congress. Does any one expect
to see them completed without an additional ex-
penditure of two or three millions? How is this ?
What makes these estimates fall so far short of
completing the work? Examine a little into some
of the details, and you will perceive. Let me ask
particular attention to a few of them.
During the Fillmore administration this work
■was commenced under the direction of the De-
partment of the Interior, (where it properly be-
longs,) according to plans furnished Dy Mr. Wal-
ter, the present architect. One of the first things
which Mr. Pierce did, when he became President,
was to take the control of the work from the
Secretary of the Interior, and place it with the
Secretary of War, and this last at once appointed
a military officer, the present superintendent, over
Mr. Walter, with power to change the plan of
the work. Under Mr. Fillmore the marble in
block, and the dressing of it, had been contracted
for agreeably to the plan of Mr. Walter, which
had been approved by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds of the two Houses* Cap-
tain Meigs, although he considers Mr. Walter
the best civil architect in the United States, saw
proper to alter his plans very, materially. These
alterations, of course, released the contractors
from the terms of the contract, so far as relates
to the work upon which the alterations may be
made. I will call attention to a few of these:
By the Fillmore contract, the price for dressing
the marble for the caps and jams of the windows
of the principal story was fixed at $280 per
window. There are just one hundred windows
of this description; consequently, the entire cost
of the workmanship would be $28,000. The
architecture of these windows was to correspond
with the old Capitol. Captain Meigs caused a
slight alteration to be made in the style of finish,
ana now pays the contractors by the day for that
portion of the work. Rumor says, that the cost
of this workmanship alone, on each window, has
run up from $280 to $1,400; or from $28,000 for
the whole to $140,000 in consequence of this
change.
But this is not all the additional cost resulting
from this change. By the contract for the marble
in the rough, the prices were sixty-five cents per
foot for all blocks containing less than thirty cubic
feet; and$l 98 per foot for all blocks of alargersize.
According to Mr. Walter's plan these window
dressings were to be made of the smaller blocks,
and put together in pieces, just as the windows of
the main building were dressed. By the change
made by Captain Meigs, they are required to be
wrought out of large blocks—thatis, the pediment
is wrought out of a solid block, with a bed of four
feet, and containing by measurement one hundred
and twenty feet, which, at $1 98 per foot, amounts
to $237 60. The original plan required only
about forty feet of marble, in three pieces, at sixty-
five cents per foot, which would make the cost
$26; a saving of $211 60 in each block. This
was ascertained by measurement and calculation.
Now add the same increase to the price of the
marble for the architrave and jambs, and gentle-
men can form some idea of tne increase in the
cost of trimming these windows. The increase
in their cost in the aggregate cannot be less than
$150,000, and may reach $180,000. This looks
like a considerable item in an original $28,000
contract. _ Changes have also been made in the
construction of the pilasters, by which the cost
will be largely increased; but I have not been
able to ascertain the increase with any degree of
certainty, and shall not venture to name the
amount.
Another change which Captain Meigs has
made, and which will add vastly to the cost of the
building, is the adoption of a very large number
of* marble columns—some two hundred or more
—very few of which were contemplated in the
original design of Mr. Walter. One hundred of
these columns are to be placed on the exterior of
the building, and are contracted for in the rough,
provided the quarries of the contractors will fur-
nish them at $1,400 each. Here, then, is an
addition of $140,000 for outside columns. How
much the workmanship upon them is to cost no
one knows. But, upon the supposition that it is
proper to add these columns to the original plan,
it certainly is not necessary that they should be
in one piece. The columns in this Hall are com-
posed of three blocks each. Is there a man here
who would be willing to pay $1,000, or $800, or
$500, or even $100 each, to have them taken down,
and replaced with shafts in a single block ? What
architect will not say that they are worth just as
much put up in sections as in single blocks? The
columns of the present building and of the Pres-
ident's house, the Patent Office, and the Treasury,
are all in sections; those of this Capitol of three
each; those of the Patent Office of nine each; and
those of the Treasury seven; but I suppose
Captain Bowman will soon have them reformed
out, and substitute his $2,700 or $2,450 shafts.
The marble in large blocks, at $1 98 cents per
foot, necessary to construct one of these columns,
would cost $500, which is $900 less than the
price at which Captain Meigs contracted few
them. Here, then, is an item of $90,000 thrown
away, as it appears to me, on these hundred
columns.
From this gentlemen can form their own esti-
mate as to the hundred or more columns for the
interior.
Mr. CRAIGE. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will remind him of a fact that he has for-
gotten. By a resolution of the last Congress, the
person who had the building in charge was author-
ized to have the columns in one piece. The reso-
lution was almost unanimously adopted.
Mr. BALL. I think the gentleman is mistaken.
There was a resolution passed which authorized
a supplemental contract for marble, but it does
not say anything about "one piece"—nor how
many pieces there shall be in eacn column. Nor
does it say an y thing about the number of columns.
I have very recently read that resolution, and am
sure I am not mistaken.
Again: it will be remembered, by those who
have read the report, and the depositions of the
committc0%aised in the Senate, at the instance of
Mr. Borland, if I remember correctly, in 1852,
to investigate the expenditures, &c., connected
with this building, Mr. Easby, the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, gave it as his opinion,
that the quantity of marble needed to complete
this work would be four hundred thousand cubic
feet—three hundred and fifty thousand of it in
blocks of less than thirty cubic feet at sixty-five
cents per foot; and fifty thousand cubic feet in
blocks larger than thirty feet, at $1 98 per foot.
This would make an average price of something
over eighty cents per foot. But Mr. Walter, who;
it is fair to presume, knew all about it—he being
the architect, and having made all the necessary
calculations—thought the proportions required
would be one third in the large blocks and two thirds
in the small blocks; and the average price would
be $1 09 j per foot. The total cost, at that rate,
would be about four hundred and thirty-seven
thousand dollars for the entire amount of the mar-
ble. He also stated to the committee that the pro-
portion of heavy marble would be diminished as
the building progressed, it being deemed advisable
to place heavier material in the bottom.
The ashlar has been increased in size by Cap-
tain Meigs. The beds of the marble now range,
I believe, from eighteen to twenty-four inches,
whereas, according to the originaljslan, it was to
bed from nine to twelve inches. This is consid-
ered by all whom I have talked to on the subject
to be totally unnecessary. It will double the
quantity of marble required for ashlar. But that
