1856.]
AHTSNDIX TO THE CONQRESSldNAL GLOB&
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Government Buildings—Mr. Ball.
Ho. or Rei*s.
is not all; for, while it doubles the quantity, it
more than trebles the price per foot; because, in
that supplemental contract for the $1,400 shafts
for the columns, there is a provision by which
Captain Meigs contracts to pay $1 98 per foot for
all ashlar, the beds of which shall be eighteen
inches. This change will add to the cost of the
marble several hundred thousand dollars.
Another item of these Capitol expenditures de-
mands our particular attention. Are gentlemen
aware that this Government has become an ex-
tensive manufacturer of statuary? It is even so.
Just around the corner may be found two shops
filled with Italian and German sculptors, busily
engaged in manufacturing statuary to be placed
in the east pediment of the two wings. This, too,
is with no authority of law that 1 can find, unless
under the general authority to construct the two
wings to the main building. It is as well, per-
haps, that there is no especial law for this thing,
as for one, I should be sorry to bear any por-
tion of the responsibility which attaches to this
ridiculous feature of the expenditures, in which
our Republican Government is made to play the
poor part of a wretched imitator of the broken-
down monarchies in the Old World. The stat-
uary in question dues not seem designed to com-
memorate any historical events or personages
connected with this country—it seems to be a
mere amateur collection, and therefore deserves
no place in the National Capitol. The graven
images are the likeness of nothing in the heavens '
above or the earth beneath—1 beg pardon, how- j
ever—one was pointed out to me as the wife of j
one of the foreign workmen. Yes, sir, we are to I
have this copy of a living original to adorn our j
Capitol. !
Is this meant as a sort of propitiation of the
Sag Nichts ? Are they to be indulged with the
inauguration of an imaginary goddess of liberty
here at the seat of Government? There are also
in these shops several models of statuary, in-
tended to adorn the stairways; many of them,
perhaps all of them, represent Indians holding
large bowls of water, some in one position ana
some in another. I was forcibly struck with one
of these: he stood leaning forward, with a large
bowl resting on his back just below the neck.
Shade of John Randolph! step forth and rebuke
this utter falsification of Indian character. When
did we ever make a hewer of wood and drawer
of water of an Indian ? We have broken his
heart, but never his spirit; never has he bent his
"back to be the menial of the'white man. Is it
not enough that we have driven him out before
us, and compelled him to wander from wilderness
to wilderness, with no abiding-place where once
all was his heritage? Shall we complete the
wrong by handing him down to posterity in im-
perishable marble, in a form which strips him of
that courage which is the only attribute in which
he glories, and presents him in that position
which, of all others, his soul most abhors? Sir,
I protest against this outrage upon truth!
The models for all this marble toggery have
been procured in Italy, as I learn, at an immense
cost; and if we are to be made ridiculous, it is
right that we should pay dearly for the privilege.
I said this was done without authority of law.
At the last session an appropriation of $25,000
was made to " enable the President to contract
"with Hiram Powers for some work of art exe-
cuted, or to be executed,by him, and suitable for
the ornament of the Capitol." This has no con-
nection whatever rwith the statuary which our
Government is manufacturing here at Washing-
ton.
I have not been able to learn that the President
has yet commenced negotiations with Mr. Pow-
ers; perhaps he does not like to encourage rivals
in business.
Mr. Speaker, if time would permit, I could
call the attention of members to many curious
things connected with these public buildings. I
could show that, instead of thousands, hundreds
of thousands—I might almost say millions—of
dollars are being expended for things which are
of no sort of utility. The only purpose they
can serve will be to stand here as monuments to
the memories of those under whose direction
they have been, or may be, constructed. There
is in the room, over yonder, in the south wing,
known as the frescoed room, now, by your favor,
Mr. Speaker, occupied by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds—that is, tvhen
permitted to do so by the crowd of persons
attracted there from day to day—a variety of
pictures, some of them got up in bad taste;
but no matter for that now: take them all in all,
they are very beautiful to look at; but the great
mass of the people of the country would tnink
it strange inconsistency to expend $3,600 for such
pictures, or $500 for the beautiful, marble mantel
which is there, in an Administration which can-
not spare one dollar to be expended in clearing
out obstructions to navigation from the mouth of
the Mississippi, or the lakes of the Northwest—
all so important to the commerce of the coun-
try.
There are many more items which might be
noticed in connection with these dyings of the Cap-
itol. It is alleged that bricks have been bought
in New York, Philadelphia, and elsewhere, and
transported here at a cost of thirteen dollars per
thousand—and small ones at that, it taking
thirteen hundred to measure a thousand. There
are also reports about iron contracts which have
reached me, but about the correctness of which
I know nothing, and do not propose to speak; but
I desire to obtain such information as will enable
us to ascertain the truth of these reports.
Again, it has been said—I cannot state whether
correctly or not—that there is a vast amount of
money expended in the purchase of teams and
machinery, of one description or another, far
greater in amount than is necessary. We ought
to know whether this is or is not true.
There are some matters about the Post Office
extension which have come under my own ob-
servation, and which I will refer to briefly before
I conclude.
Here, also, I am satisfied there is a great lack
of economy. Here, as everywhere else, you may
see a large amount of expensive machinery pro-
vided for handling material. It is very conve-
nient, to be sure; but there is surely no sort of
economy in investing more money in machinery
to.be used in putting up a building than it would
| cost by contract to have the building put up. Such
appears to be the condition of things about most,
if not all, these public buildings.
The work is well done—unnecessarily so in
most cases. A striking exemplification of this
may be found at this new Post Office building.
It occupies an entire square, (or will when com-
pleted,) fronting on four streets. No portion of
the rear wall will be seen by the public. But few
persons will ever have occasion to see it, except
those who cart the mail to and from the city post
office. This rear wall, shut out as it is from the
public gaze, is to be constructed of granite dressed
in a more costly manner than the material in any
public building in the United States, unless, per-
haps, the Boston custom-house is an exception—
ana that is not superior.
Such expensive work placed upon the rear side
of a building appears to me to involve a most
inexcusable waste of the people's money. But
the cost is also increased enormously by the way
in which the labor is employed. In former years
the work of the Government was generally per-
formed by contract, given to the lowest responsi-
ble bidder; but now, under the new system of
detailing military officers to take charge of and
direct the operations in civil architecture, 4he old
contract system has been abandoned as far as
possible,and mechanics and laborers are employed
oy the day. On this Post Office building, I believe,
the contract system has been entirely abandoned.
The marble and granite are dressed by the day;
the dressed blocks are set by men employed by
the day; the bricks are laid up by the day; in short,
everything is done in that way. Such is the fact,
also, at the Treasury, (excepting as to a portion
of the material named in the contract of Beals &
Dixon;) and such, also, is the case in regard to
all the work upon the Capitol, (if I am correctly
informed,) excepting where contracts had been
made by direction of Mr. .Fillmore before the
expiration of his term of service.
The position I hold on the Committee on Public
Buildings was assigned me during my absence
in Ohio; and, with no peculiar fitness for the post,
I yet determined to spare no effort to discharge j
its duties with fidelity. Immediately after my
return, I began to collect all the information I
could obtain as to the manner and cost of con-
structing these buildings. 1 soon paid a visit td
this Post Office. I found on the public lot, in
rear of the City Hall, immense shops constructed,
where a large number of men were employed
cutting granite and marble. Going through the
granite shop, my attention was attracted to one
workman who was employed with a fine patent
Ifammer in one hand, ana a brush in the other.-
He was finishing up a block of granite for this
Post Office building. I remarked to him that ha
was doing a beautiful piece of work.
"Yes," he replied, "it is like the work on
the Boston custom-house, which is the best in
the United States."
"How often do you go over the stone with
the hammer?" I asked.
" Twenty-four times," Said he.
"How many days does it take you to dresa
such a stone as that ?" I inquired.
"From sixty-five to seventy days," he re-
plied.
" How do you get paid—by the day or by the
foot?" I asked.
" By the day," he responded. " Two dollars
and a half per day."
I felt some curiosity to ascertain how many feet
were in a stone, the dressing of which was to cost
the Government from $165 to $175, besides the
expense of keeping the tools in order; so I got a
rule and measured it. Its length was 7 feet 8
inches; breadth, 3 feet 6 inches, and thickness,2
feet. The surface feet dressed were about 54.
Now it will be seen that the dressing alone of
that block cost over three dollars per foot. But
this is, perhaps, above the average cost. The
superintendent thinks the average cost will not
exceed $1 18 or $1 20 per foot. Well, suppose
it does not; that is more than three limes as much
as it ought to cost.
The stone work about the Patent Office—the
largest and best building in the city, except the
Capitol—was constructed by contract under the
direction of a civil architect.
I addressed a letter to the Secretary of the In-
terior, inquiring, among other things, what price
had been paid for dressing the granite for that
building? He replies that the contractor fur-
nished the material and workmanship under the
same contract, and that the prices for plain work i
including material, were from seventy cents to
$1 50 per foot; and adds, that " no higher price
than $1 50 has been given."
The seventy cents I take to be the price paid
for the ashlar, such as ought to have been put in
the back wall of the Post Office.
But, to show how unnecessary it was to pay
such prices for cutting this stone, I will present
an extract, which I take from a report of Mr.
Walter, architect for the Capitol, and who had
charge of the building before the Secretary of
War placed Captain Meigs over him. It was
made June 7,1852. It will serve to illustrate the
great disadvantage of employing men by the day,
instead of by contract. He says:
" I was not satisfied, during the last year, with the slow-
ness with which many of these men worked; and this
spring I had the cutting of several of them measured, and
compared with the time occupied in executing it, when I
found that a large number of stones cost above one dollar
per superficial foot for the labor alone, without tools or
superintendence; thia I considered as doing great injustice
to Government; and in order to correct the evil, without
throwing the men out of employment, I concluded to have
the stone cut by the foot, luid also to free the Government
from the cost of tools and sharpening, which had become a
large item of expenditure. i accordingly sent for Mr. Emery,
an experienced granite-cutter of Washington, who has the
contract for cutting the granite base of the extension, and
agreed with him to execute all the cutting at twenty-five
cents per foot, including superintendence, tools, sharpening,
and every expense—this being lens than one fifth of the cost
by day's work. I also stipulated with him that all the stone-
cutters in our employ should be employed by him $o that
none should be deprived of work."
Here it will be seen, that he made a contract
with Mr. Emery for the dressing of the granite
for the Capitol at twenty-five cents per foot,
which, he says, had cost more than five times that
amount when done by hands employed by the
day; yet, with this experience before him, Cap-
tain Meigs abandons the contract system and re-
turns to the day's work system. It surely will
not be pretended, that work sufficiently fine for
