1856.
THE CON0RIMOTAL GLOBE.
any apology for having interfered with you at
the time.
•Answer. I thought that was his business at the
time; and to contradict anything that had been
said about striking me.
Qipestion. What reason did he give in conver-
sation for coming up to you ?
Answer. He said he thought Mr. Foster and
-myself were coming up to interfere to prevent
Mr. Sumner from being beaten.
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Did Mr. Keitt
at any time, during the assault or since, say tQ
you that either he or his friends Yere there for the
purpose of witnessing the assault, or preventing
persons from protecting Mr. Sumner?
•Answer. I think he did say something about
he or his friends being there for that purpose.
Of this fact I am certain.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Repeat the words
that Mr. ICeitt used ?
Answer. I stated that I did not recollect what
were his words.
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Repeat, if you
caii, the precise language of Mr. Keitt in refer-
ence to the parties, himself and his friends, as
nearly as you can from memory?
Answer. When he came up to tell me this, it
was to contradict what had been said. He said
he thought that Mr. Foster and myself were
going up to prevent an assault, and, as I under-
stood him, that his purpose and that of his friends
was to prevent any interference. That is about
what I recollect, and I think Mr. Keitt will say
about the same thing.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) You are clear about
that ?
Answer. I do not thinlc I am mistaken.
Question. And are you not clear about all you
have testified to ?
Answer. Yes, sir; after I saw him strike, I ran
up and called out as loud as I could, " I Com-
mand the peace." And our reporter says Mr.
Keitt raised a cane just as Mr. Sumner was fall-
ing in the aisle.
Question, (by Mr. Spinner.) How long after
the adjournment did this occurrence take place?
Answer. It could not have been long. Mr.
Sumner was at his seat the whole morning. I did
not see Mr. Brooks come in. What I saw was
the striking of his blows.
Hon. J. J. Crittenden, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner m
the Senate Ch&rnb.er, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 185C ?
Answer. I think it was on Thursday last, the
Senate adjourned early in consequence of the
announcement of the death of a member of the
House. I happened to remain in the Senate Cham-
ber for some time after the adjournment, and I was
witness to the conflict between Mr. Sumner of the
Senate, and Mr. Brooks of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I was entirely unapprised of any such
occurrence, and was taken, of course, very much
by surprise atit. I did not seethe commencement
of it. I was at sojme distance in the Chamber from
where it occurred, and was engaged in conversa-
tion with Mr. Pearce, of Maryland. My atten-
tion was not attracted towards the parties, and
was only directed to them when I heard a sudden
and unusual noise. I raised my head and saw
the contending parties when I heard the noise of
the conflict. Mr. Pearce was sitting with his
back to them, and did not see them, I suppose,
by an instant as soon as I did. I immediately
left my seat and went towards the parties for the
purpose of interposing, as well as I could , to sep-
arate them. Mr. Brooks had a stick in his hand;
Mr. Sumner had none. I thought, when I first
saw them, and when I started, that both parties
were standing up and combating. Mr. Brooks
certainly was; and with a cane which he held in
his hand he dealt many very severe blows, as I
thought, over the head, and perhaps over the
arms and shoulders, of Mr. Sumner. As I passed
behind the planking that is put back of the seats
of those Senators who sit near Mr. Pearce, I
reached them in a very short period afterwards;
but, of course, I was out of sight of the combat-
ants. I thought, before I got there, that Mr.
Sumner was sinking under the blows. Wlien l
got round in view, the combat was all over. No
blow was struck that I saw after Mr. Sumner had
fallen. He was lying down upon the floor bleed-
ing and exhausted, and apparently unconscious.
I believe that is the substance of what I know.
X was surprised, as I have said, at the conflict.
I did not know that the parties were in the room
until after the conflict commenced. I heard no
words pass between the parties before, or during,
or after the conflict.
Question. Did you recognize any members of
the House present at the time ?
Answer. I recollect seeing Mr. Keitt, and I
believe Mr. Edmundson.
Question. Was this at the time of the assault?
Answer. No. I think that 'Mr. Edmupdson
stepped down from the space on the other side of
the door. The conflict took place just at Mr.
Sumner's seat. It was all over when I got there.
After that time, I think I saw Mr. Edmundson.
It was, of course, a very hurried scene—over in a
very short time. I would not be very positive,
but I think that about the time it was all over
I saw Mr. Edmundson step down from the seats
on the other side.
Question. From what direction did you see
Mr. Keitt approach ?
Answer. I aid not see him approach at all. I
found myself standing near him in the aisle. I
saw no interference in the fight:—none.
Question. Did you observe upon the- part of
any person any effort to prevent an interference
upon the part of the officers of the Senate ?
Answer. I did not. The conflict lasted, as you
may imagine, a very short time; half a minute,
I suppose, would have covered the whole of it.
During a portion of that time I was passing from
my seat to the scene of conflict. I saw no inter-
ference, or attempt of interference, and, of course,
I saw no prevention.
Question, (by Mr. Peknington.) Did you in-
terfere to arrest the commission of violence ?
Answer. That was my object; but, when I got
to the parties, it was all over.
Question. You speak of a conflict, and of the
parties as combatants. Were both the parties 1
engaged as such?
Answer. That was my impression when I first
saw them, but I may have been mistaken. The
arms of both were in motion, and I supposed
both were combating.
Question. What was your distance from the
parties ?
• Answer. About twenty feet.
Question. Did you hear no words from Mr.
Brooks ?
Answer. I did not, and have seen neither party
since.
Question, (by Mr. Spinner.) How long was it
after the adjournment of the Senate ?
Answer. 1 cannot say exactly. I suppose it
was within an hour.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Did Mr.
Brooks address any offensive observation to you
in regard to the affair ?
Answer. None—I had no conversation with
Mr. Brooks. I did express my disapprobation
of such violence in the Senate Chamber. It was
addressed to no one in particular, but was made
in the hearing of all present. Mr. Brooks was
some little distance from Mr. Sumner, and had
come down from the passage way when I met
him; he was one of the first persons that I met.
He had a piece of the stick in his hand with
which 1 supposed he had been combating. I took
hold of it, and he very gently yielded ana allowed
me to take it out of his hand.
Question. Of what size was the stick ?
Ansicer. It was nothing in size but a common
walking-stick, such as gentlemen frequently use.
I did not examine it with a view to accuracy,
and presently I handed it to some one else.
C. S. Jones, sworn:
Question. What do you know of the facts con-
nected with the assault alleged to have been made
on Mr. Sumner, in the Senate Chamber, by the
Hon. Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, on Thurs-
day, May 22, 1856?
Answer. On the 22d of this month (May) I
was in the Senate Chamber writing at the desk
of the Secretary, the Senate having adjourned.
I heard a crash, looked up from the paper before
me, and saw Mr. Brooks beating Mr. Sumner on i
the head with a cane; the blows were violent and
repeated. I immediately started towards the
parties engaged, but hearing some one remark
that thtsivf should fee jig Snd seeing a
nun)b,er ofgenflemen coroinftoge.therfroto!differr
ent parte of the.Ciwffliheri, J hesitated a.moment
under the impression that a general conflict/was
'ake place. I stopped: but-ap iftstent:,
ho>ve,mr> and again started rapidly, reaching Mr.
Sunder at the moment he fell, in company with
Mr. Mqrgan,of New York:, j took hold of hi#)
at the same instant with Mr. Morgan, and wap
about t<f assi,st in .Ktisi g bim up, whes Mr. Si-
mon ton.of the New York Timep. advised that a
physician gho.uld be sgntfor. I left Mr. Sumner
udge Douglas> ...
Mr. Shdell, and two other gentlemen, ^ close
conversation; I told them of wlutthad occurred,
and they started to go in the Senate. 1 hastened
to the eastern door under the pprtic.o, tp.oka hack,
and procured the service? of Dr. Boyle, whp at-
tended and dressed the.wounds. I returned with
Dr. Boyle, and remained in attendance rendering
all the assistance in my pqwer. ; '
Question. Do yovt know the person Qr persons
who stated there should be no interference ?
Answer. I <lo not; it was said by a party op-
posite me. Mr. Morgan and myself wprqiwbeA
up the center fiislg, and reached Mr. Sumner at
the same foment.
Question. Dj$ you sge any merobisrs .of the
House around .at_the time :ypju took: hold of Mr.
Sumner and raised him up? .
Answer. I saw Mr. Morgan. I had seetJ
members in the aisle a,t the tirne, but my .atten-
tion was not directed to them.
Question,. Did you see Mr, Keitt immediately
after the occurrence ?
Answer. Not jn the Senate Chamber. I had
to go into one of the side rooms, a-nd while there
1 saw Mr. Keitt and Mr. Brooks. This was
after Mr. Sumner had been removed, j.nd after
I had procured the services of a physician. I had
seen him and other members about before the
conflict, and it produced the impression for thg
moment that there was to be a general conflict.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) T&That waij
Mr. Sumner's position when you firsts&yr blow?
struck? ....
Answer. He was in the act of rising from h|^
desk. . .
Question. Did you notice the.filing of bis
desk ?
Answer. Not at the moinent; there was such,
a general crash.
Question. How many blows were struck bp-
fore your attention was directed to, and saw him
rising from his place?
,Answer. I do not know- When my atten-;
tion was directed to them, the bkrw(S were struck;
with great rapidity.
Question. Yp,u stated that yo.u heard some one.
re.mark that ttierp should tie no interference; was
that remark made by more than one person ?
'Answer. Only by one voice. It was on the
opposite side of the aisle from me. I sawder-
sons coming round through the lobby and through
the aisle.
Question. Was the remark jnade by some per-
son standing in the middle aisle?
Answer. No, sir; I was standing in the mid die
aisle; it appeared to come from some person who
was in the position Mr. Sumner occupied when
the affair commenced, he .and Mr. JJreqkji being
between that person and me.
Question. "Did you see Mr. Keitt with any
cane ?
Answer. My recollection is that he had a cane ?
Question. Where did you first see Mr. Keitt
after the blows \vere struck ?
Answer. The first positive recollection I have
of seeing him was m a side room with Mr.
Brooks; they were washing Mr. Brooks's eyes.
Ho had a slight cut over the eye. The contest
was very quick; one of these things will pass
over before you realize it.
On motion of Mr. Cobb the committee took a
recess for half an hour,
Dr. Cornelius Boyle, sworn:
Quesfioit,(byMr. Campbell.) Were yoq sailed
upon as a surgeon to dress the v/oiuids of Mr.
Sumner on the 22d instant? . ,'n -
Anstcer. I was.
Question. State the condii^d 4ft. 7°$
found him and the character of his wounds .?
