1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRKS! DENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing oiirolhd bills, whicii had heretofore re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House:
An act to authorize the circuit court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to decree the sale of real estate
in certain cases; and
An act for ihe relief of Thomas H. Baird.
WILLIAM HUMPHREYS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the hill (H. R. ]NTo. 908)
for the relief of William Humphreys, owner of
the fishing1 schooner Good Exchange, lost at sea.
It proposes to allow him the fishing bounty to
which he would have been entitled, if the vessel
had been engaged for four months in the cod
fisheries.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes ajjpeared to have
it.
Mr. MASON. I will ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Biggs, Brod-
lipfui, Butter, Cas>*, Clu\, Douyla-s, Oaiidn, Ilunier. Hereon,
Jones oi Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Puuh, fteid, Stuart,
Thoin.-on of New Jer«-ey, ami Toomb-.—19.
NAYS—Me--r< Allen. Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Giglei, Bright, Brown, Collamei, Ciittendcn, Durkee,
Evan-5, Foot, Foster, Geyei, Hale, Houston. James, ;
June- of low:i. I\-arce, Prim, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, |
Tiumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, Wright,and Yulee—2o. |
So the motion was not agreed to.
CHAPLAIN OP THE SENATE. 1
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to offer the follow- '
ing resolution for the consideration and action of j
the Senate: I
Raoivori, That thorp he paid to the Chaplain of the Senate, j
out of the contingent lund of the Senate, the <nm of$,"jOC^ i
in addition to ills Salary for Ins services dunng Hie present
session.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
AMBROSE LANFEAR.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider those bills which it has al-
ready passed, and have been returned from the
House with slight verbal amendments; there are,
three or four of thorn.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (S. No. 377) for the relief of Ambrose
Lanfear, of Louisiana, which proposes to confirm
a land claim, had been returned from the Ilonse
of Representatives with an amendment, adding
the following proviso:
Jlnd provided further, That any person or persons who I
are now settled on the said lands-, or any portion of the j
said land* embraced in the .said ^irvev«, shall he entitled t
to have and maintain an action to te?-t the validity ol said ]
surveys and the e\ien! of The said claim* of The children 1
ol Paul'Toups, and of Da^pit St. Arm and, Nos. 74 and 5^9, |
and to have the &anie detei mined judicially in the same .
niamiei as though the land on wnich tbeyaie settled iiad i
been surveyed a.- public land, and they had been permitted [
to enter the same by way of preemption, it being the tiue t
intent and meaning of this act. that no person who would 1
be now entitled to a light of picemption to any pait o( ihe ;
erud land, if the same were the pioperty of the United <
States, shall be deprived of the bauie, unless it is judicially ■
decided that the taul surveys weic made m conloimity ;
with the legal right oi the said Ambrose Lanfear, tinder the
fciud confirmation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move a concurrence in
the amendment of the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
ABRAHAM KfNTZING.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the |
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No, 222) j
for the relief of Abraham Kimzmg, which was |
to strike out " $.583 33, being the difference he- !
tween his salary as special examiner of drugs, |
and that of assistant appraiser at Philadelphia, ;
during the time he performed the duties of the ;
latter office;" and insert: I
Three hundred and nineteen dollars and fifty ceiif, '
beinsr the duFerenee between bis ^alaiy a< ■special examiner \
and that of asssi-tant appraiser (oi thiee months and twenty- <
five days, the period during which lie perlbimed the duties '
of the latter office, in addition to his own, m consequence
of the death of its incumbent.
The amendment was concurred in.
HANNIBAL FAULK AND OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 270'i for the rol.ef of Hannibal
Faulk and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow
Scriber,) and the heirs and legal representatives
of Benjamin Srriber, deceased, had been returned
from theHouse of Representatives with an amend-
ment, to add to the clause providing that the con-
firmation made by the bill should not affect the
rights of third parties, the words:
Whether entitled to a pie&nption under the laws of the
United States, or having other valid chum to any part of said
land.
The amendment was concurred in,
SALLY T. MATHEWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the House
amendment to the bill (S. No. 23G) for the relief
of Sally T. Mathews, which was to add at the
end of the bill the following additional section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act, any eleik, messenger, or other person,
permitted to enter tiie service of the Uniied Slates, without
the authority ot law, the compensation duo for such seivice,
when paid by the Government, sjuUl be deducted by the
accounting offteeis trom the salary or compensation due or
accruing to such head of Department or buieau, who may
have so employed sueh peiaom, without such lejiai authoutv
aforesaid, uniessthe Pie^identshail ceitil) thafsuchassist-
ance was absolutely necessary to the public service.
Mr. STUART. I should like to know some-
thing about that amendment. J-want to know
what bill it is to which it is olferedas an amend-
ment?
The Secretary read the bill making provision
for the services of W. P. Mathews as an extra
clerk in the Treasury Department.
Mr. STUART. I do not think the Senate
ought to agree to this amendment to such a bill,
because there are cases frequently ansin? in this
Government when the services of extra clerks are
indispensable in order to do the business of the
Government. I move to lay the whole bill and.
amendment for the present on tiie table.
The motion was agret.-d to.
J. "\V. NYE.
The House joint resolution (No. 23) in favor
of J, W. Nye, was read the first uuie.
j\Ir. SEWARD. I hope it whl lie put on its
passage.
Mr. SLIDELL. How that eome under
consideration > I think thc-r" wa>? a resolution to
proceed with bills from tiie House of Represent-
atives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
House bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. Is it in regular order on the
Calender? If not, I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will proceed with the Calendar
PASCAL L. CERRE.
The hill (H. R. No/xbO) to authorize the legal :
representatives of Pascal L. Cerre to enter certain
lands in the State of Missouri, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It had been re-
ported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, with an amendment to stuke out all after
the enacting clause, and insert:
That the legal representatives of Pascal L. Ovre be, arid
they are hereb>, atithottzed to locate, pee of c-v=ts, on any
of the public land:* of tiie United Stales 111 the State of
Mi^souii, a^ieealdy to the United State* «urve\s, subject
to bale at puvate entry, at tiie minimum price, the quantity
of seven thousand and lifty-s>i\ aiponts of land, lesh such
quantity of land- as they may have already acquired under
and by vutue of the confii matoiy act of lfcOR. entitled 'kAn
act eonthmmc claims to land- in the State of-Ms-fOuii, and
foi other put pose,-," approved Ju!v4,1S3G; and tiie Com-
missioner of the General Land Oiliee. upon the receipt of
the propei certificate or certificate-, and upon bemsr satisfied
that such claimants- aie such iesal repi 'r-entatives, shall
cause a patent or patents to be is>ucd as m other cases.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN NASH.
The bill (H. R. No. 338) for the roliof of John
Nash, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay $100 to John Nash, owner of the
schooner L. J. Bowden, that sum being one
moiety of the penalty collected of the master of
that vessel by the collector of the port of Fred-
ericksburg, in 1853, for a breach of the revenue
laws, it having been made to appear that the pen-
alty was incurred without any design to violate
the law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CALVIN HALL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 332)
for the relief of Calvin Hall, assignee of William
Jones. Its object is to provide for the payment
of three hundred and two sheep belonging to
William Jones, improperly seized by the Gov-
ernment officers in 1831, for an alleged non-pay-
ment of duties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PEYTON G. KING.
The bill (H. R. No. 37) for the relief of Peyton
G. King, late receiver of public moneys at Mon-
roe, Louisiana, was considered as in Committee
of theWhoIe.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in adjusting the accounts of Peyton C. King,
as late receiver of public money at the United
States laud office at Monroe, Louisiana, to give
him credit for $7,853 92, the amount of the public
money of which he was robbed on the 22d of
January, 1855, while acting in his official capacity.
The propriety of giving this direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury depends, first, upon
the fact, that Mr. King; was robbed of the amount
of public money spoken of; and, second, upon
the existence of an obligation on the part of the
Government to release him from any personal
right it might have under the law, as it now
stands, to claim from him the payment of the
amount of which he had been deprived by a-
robbery. As to the fact of robbery, the money
is known to have been in the safe until its disap-
pearance was discovered, on Mr, King going into
his otFiee, and opening the safe, in the presence
of W. K. Johnson; and all the proof goes to
establish the fact of the commission of the theft
or robbery by some other person or persons, in
the most conclusive manner. Indeed, it is alto-
gether unusual, when a crime of such a character
has been committed, to have such a mass of proof
to show the actual commission of the crime, and
the impossibility of there having been any com-
plicity in the commission of the crime on the
part of the one who had the money in his charge.
As to the existence of an obligation on the part
of the Government to release Mr. King from any
daijgi against him for the repayment of the money
of which he is shown to have been robbed, it is
shown that, very soon after the organization of
the Government under the Constitution of the
United States, Alexander Hamilton, in a report
made by him on the 9th of December, 1791, upon
a case referred to him, observed, that it was " a
principle which had been admitted in practice at
the Treasury, upon the strength of legal opinions
officially given, that when a receiver of public
moneys, as a mere agent, is robbed of such money,
which may have been in his keeping, the loss ia
to be borne by the Government;" and from va-
rious cases cited, that such has been the practice
of the Government.
Mr. STUART. What committee reported
this bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HENRY L. ROBINSON.
The bill (H. K. No. 335) for the relief of Hen-
ry L. Robinson was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Robinson $171 for bounty for service in the
United States Army, from April, 1814, until dis-,
charged in 1815.
Tiie bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read th«
third time, ?nd pssced.
