1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 2.
Answer. I found Mr. Sumner in the ante-room
of the Senate bleeding very copiously, and with
a great deal of blood upon his clothes. The blood
went ail over my shirtin dressing his wounds. His
friends thought I ought not to dress his wounds
there, but take him to his i-esidence. I differed,
and stated my reason, that if I dressed his wounds
at once and at that place they would heal by first
intentions, and that, if I did not, suppuration
might take place. Mr. Campbell, I think, was
present, and some others; and they agreed with
me. I put four stitches—two into each wound;
he then went to his room; I came there an hour
afterwards. The blood stopped as soon as I drew
the wounds together. He was doing very well.
Question. Describe the character of the wounds,
and where they were.
Answer. They were both on the scalp. There
were marks of throe wounds on the scalp, but
only two that I dressed. One was a very slight
wound, that required no special attention. One
was two and' a quarter inches long, cut to the
bone—cut under, as it were, and very ragged.
This wound has healed up without any suppura-
tion at all. The other is not quite two inches
long, and has healed up within about half an
inch, and has suppurated.
Q,t«s£ion. Were they both cut to the bone?
Answer. They were. I have the probe now
in my pocket, from which the blood 1ms not been
washed. [Instrument produced.] One was a
cut to the depth of nearly an inch. It is only
an eighth of an inch to the scalp, but it was cut
in and down, I have mentioned the fact that one
of the wounds was two and a quarter inches
long, and the other about one sixteenth of an
inch less than two inches.
Question. State on what part of the head the
gashes were inflicted.
Answer. One wound was behind, on the left
side of the head, and the other was rather in
front, about two inches from the median line.
Question. Were there any other bruises or cuts
upon his head r
Answer. There was one slight mark on the
back of his head, but not seven' enough to
require dressing, and I have not paid any atten-
tion fo il since. There were marks on the hands
also, and a red mark down the thee near the
temple, which has disappeared, as though it was
caused by a faint blow.
Question. State whether blows inflicted with a
cane or stick three fourths of an inch in diameter,
producing wounds of that kind, might have
caused death as a consequence.
Answer. That depends on the position of the
blows on the head. These were simply wounds
on the scalp. It one ofthe.se blows had been o* 
the temple, a rupture of (he temple artery might
have been I he consequence, and would have pro-
duced a pressure of the brain, from which death
might have ensued; but these blows hit the thick-
est'ponion of the skull. There are no arteries at
that point of any magnitude. I once knew a case
where a peisun was hit with the fist on the side
of his head, and knocked down; he was perfectly
well for several hours; he went to a supper, and
ate heartily of oysters; after eating supper, and
after walking round a square, he was taken sud-
denly very sick, and in about twenty minutes
died. There was in that case a pressure of the
brain, but it was a different case from this.
Wounds of the scalp may be dangerous m sev-
eral ways. Fur instance, erysipelas might be the
consequence. Surgeons generally look upon ery-
sipelas as very often causing death from wounds
of the scalp; but there is no erysipelas in this case.
Question. State whether, in youropinion,ifthe
blows which produced these gashes had been
upon another part of the head, they might have
caused the death of the party ?
Atiswer. It would be impossible to answer; the
skulls of people are so cWerent in thickness;
some are very thm, and others are very thick.
1 he blows themseives would not produce death,
as a general thing.
Question^ Upon any part of the head?
Answer. lhat depends upon the rupture of the
arteries. No person could give an opinion until
the occurrence had taken place. Such blows
would not oidinauly produce death.
Question, "i ou mean to say, then, that blows
of this kind upon the temple might have produced
death.
Answer. I think probably they might have.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Whatis your opinion
of these wounds, just as they are?
Answer. I look upon them simply as flesh
wounds.
Question. What would you say of the nature
of these wounds?
Answer. They are nothing but flesh wounds.
Question. What is your opinion in reference to
the condition of Mr. Sumner ? How long need
he be confined on account of these wounds?
Answer. His wounds do not necessarily confine
him one moment. He would have come to the
Senate on Friday, if I had recommended it.
Question. Could he have come out with safety ?
Answer. He could have come with safety as far
as the wounds were concerned.
Question. And, as a matter of course, from that
time to the present?
Answer. Yes, sir; he stated that he would be
ready to appear before the committee to-day.
Qucsfion, (by Mr. Campbell.) At what time
did he make that statement?
Answer. On Sunday evening he told me to state
to Mr. Campbell, who had addressed him a letter
through me, which I delivered, that he would be
ready to attend the committee on Monday. Ilis
friends advised him not to appear until the next
day, and, therefore, he told me to inform Mr.
Campbell that he would appear on Tuesday.
Question. State in this connection, whether
there were any other persons with him—I mean
any physicians who advised that perhaps it might
not be safe for him to go out?
Answer. I have seen no medical man with him
but myself. There has been none there. There
arc a great many friends present, and they make
Mr. Sumner out a ^reat deal worse than he is.
They say he, has a fever. I have never discovered
any. 1 have been his constant attendant, and I
have never known his pulse at any moment higher
than eii>hty-two. 1 yesterday corrected an article
in the Intelligencer, stating that ho had afever, and
the correction appears in to-day's paper. lie has
no lever to my knowledge. 1 have visited him
twice a day. Ifis brother said he ought not to
come out, and cited agieat many cases that had
come undei his obs< rvation in Paris, whore death
had taken place m nix: weeks from blows on the
head, i lis brother is not a medical man. Sen-
ator Sumner of course took the advice of his
brother and his friends, and I, of course, allowed
them to do as they thought proper. Perhaps 1
ought to state my reason for objecting to his com-
ing out on Friday. There was a good deal of
excitement at that time, and 1 thought that, if Mr.
Sumner did not go into the Senate for a day or
two, the excitement might wear off.
Question t (by Mr. Cobb.) It was not then on
account of his physical condition?
Answer. Not at all. He was very anxious to
go. _ lie said that he had not lost a single day's
session since the meeting of Congress. 1 objected
to his going for the reason that 1 have stated, and
not because I thought his condition would not
admit of it.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Do you mean
to say, as a medical man, that you would have
recommended, or would have been willing to
allow Mr. Sumner to go to the Senate on Friday
in hts condition ?
Answer. I think he ought not to have gone on
account of the excitement.
Question. J do not speak of that. Do you mean
to say, as his physician, that you were not unwil-
ling that lie should out "on account of his
wounds and the consequences in which, from ex-
citement and other causes, those wounds mi°ht
end >
Answer. I think this: that Mr. Sumner mu>ht
have taken a carnage and driven as far as Haiti-
more on the next day without any injury.
Question. Was a possible for him to have worn
a hat?
Answer. I think lie could have worn a hat.
Question. Now, I want to know whether you
aie willing to &ay, as a physician, that blows of
the character received by Mr. Sumner indiscrim-
inately upon his head were not such as possibly
to produce instant death as a directconsequencc ?
Answer. I cannot say anything of the character
of the blows, for 1 was not present.
Question. Do you know Mr. Brooks?
Ansiver. I do.
Question. With a person of Mr. Brooks's size
and muscular power, I ask you whether you will
say, as a physician, that he might, with a stick
from one half to five eighths of an inch in diam-
eter, deal indiscriminate blows with all his force
on the head of Mr. Sumner, or any other adult,
without extreme danger of producing instant
death, or such wounds as would produce death ?
Answer. It would depend upon the character of
the stick. Mr. Brooks might have hit a larger
man than Mr. Sumner, and killed him instantly,
it would depend upon the blows. I know noth-
ing of the blows that were inflicted.
Question. I am asking you hypothetidally.
Suppose such blows as I have stated were in-
flicted indiscriminately upon the head, could it
have been done without danger of instant death?
Answer. That would depend entirely upon the
character of the stick.
Question. Then if the stick had the specific
gravity of an ordinary hickory stick ?
Answer. These blows would not have killed
Mr. Sumner.
Question. Then you say they might have been
dealt about the head with impunity ?
Answer. No, sir; not with impunity at the
point where they were struck.
Question. I mean dealt about the head indis-
criminately ?
Answer. They might have produced death.
Question. Were you accidentally called to at-
tend Mr. Sumner?
Answer. No, sir, Mr. Jones said he was com-
ing for me. 1 met him in a carriage, and he said
he was on his way to my office. I was then com-
ing down the avenue. 1 had not seen Mr. Sum-
ner before that time. I have since called regu-
laily.
Question. What are your political affinities?
Answer. I am an old-line Whig—if I have any
politics. I was born in the city of Washington.
Question. Were you bail for Mr. Brooks?
Answer. I was not.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Are you a regu-
larly practicing physician of this city, and if so,
forliow long have you practiced?
Answer. I have been practicing since 1844. I
have been connected with hospitals and medi-
cine since 1833.
Question. I ask whether in your practice your
treatment depends upon the political opinions of
your patients ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Do you treat them with reference to
their political opinions, or do you judge more by
the pulse ?
Answer. I have nothing to do with any man's
politics.
Nathan Darling, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made on Mr. Sumner, in the
Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, on "Thursday, May 22, 1856?
Answer. I did not see Mr. Sumner until the
fracas was over.
Question. State whether you assisted in dress-
ing his wounds ?
Answer. I did. The first I knew of the affair,
one of the pages of the House said a fight had
been going on in the Senate. I ran over to see
what it was. 1 was rather expecting something
of the sort. When I arrived there, I found Mr.
Sumner all covered with blood. The bystanders
did not seem to understand much about it, or
seemed frightened, and I went to work.
Question. State what experience you have had
in this business of dressing wounds, if any r
Answer. One of the reasons for my going over
was, that I have had a good deal to do with the
operation of dressing wounds.
Question. In what capacity ?
Answer. _ I was captain in the second regiment
of the United States dragoons in the war with
Mexico. I have been stationed for months with-
out a doctor. 1 have dressed wounds, and could
amputate a leg if necessary. I saw from the
nature of Mr. Sumner's wounds that it was abso-
lutely necessary to dress them on the spot, for
the reason that it was evident there would have
to be stitches put m, and if that has to be done
it is always better to do it at once. The wounds
i would heal quicker. I told them they had better
1 send for a doctor, and sec if his skull was not
