2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
WILLIAM B. COZZENS.
The bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Cozzens was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Its purpose is to allow W. B. Cozzens $1,000
in full compensation for his store-house, taken
from him for the use of the United States in
January, 1847, by Captain L.H. Webb, by order
of Quartermaster General Jesup.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MRS. MAGDALENE BRONTIN.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill (fx. R. No. 345)
for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Mrs. Magdalene Brontin, widow of De
la Ronde.
It proposes to confirm the title to a tract of
land containing two thousand superficial arpents
in the Greensburgland district, Louisiana, which
was granted to Don Pedro de la Ronde, by Don
Juan Ventura Morales, Intendant of West Flori-
da, on the J 9th of January, 1804.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IGNACIO DELINO.
The bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Ignacio Dclino,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm a title to a land tract in
the Greenburg district, Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RUHAMA AND REBECCA WHITTA'KER.
The bill (H. R. No. 347) to confirm the title of
Ruhamn Whittaker and Rebecca Whittaker to
certain lands in the State of Louisiana, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Somite, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BERNARD HEMKIN.
The bill (II. R. No. 348) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Bernard Hem-
kin was considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Bernard Hemkin's rep-
resentatives to locate two hundred arpents of land
on any unappropriated public lands in the Oua-
chita district, Louisiana, in lieu of a lot recom-
mended by the register and receiver, at Monroe,
to be conlinhed to lum,m their leport as commis-
sioners.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
Amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LOUIS REGGIO.
The Senate bill (No. 350) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Louis Rfggio,
wns considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm a title to one thousand
six hundred arpents of land in the Greenburg dis-
trict, Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate wiihout
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third ume, and passed.
BOUNTY LAND TO SOLDIERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 351) to extend the rights granted by
an act approved January 7, 1853, entitled "An
act authorizing certain soldiers of the late war
with Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands
drawn by them, and draw others in lieu thereof."
Mr. STUART. What is that bill ? I should
like to hear its title read again. I do not under-
stand it to be a private bill by any means. It is
a public bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is not confined to private bills.
Mr. STUART. But I thought we were acting
under an order. I move to lay the bill on the table.
We can take it up next session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If my friend will hear it,
he will not object.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. STUART. I insist on my motion to lay
it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
KANE S ARCTIC EXPEDITION.
The next business on the Calendar was the
House joint resolution (No. 11) for the purchase
of Dr. Kane's forthcoming work on Arctic ex-
plorations, and for the presentation of medals to
Dr. Kane*, his officers, and men; which was re-
ported from the Committee on the Library with
an amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I presume that will lead to some
debate. 1 move to lay it on the table.
Mr. BIGLER; I desire to make a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore It is not in
order to say a word after a motion has been made
to lay on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I move to postpone it till the
second Monday in December, if that will be sat-
isfactory.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope we may have a vote
on the bill. I do not see why it should be de-
bated.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolution, reported them without
amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of Betsey
Nash;
A bill (II. R. No. 367) for the relief of Mary
B. Winship, widow of Oscar F. Winship; and
A joint resolution (No. 24) to pay the pen-
sion due Parinelia Slavin,late wife of John Blue,
deceased, to her administrator.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. It. No. 366)
for the relief of Rebecca Smith, reported it with-
out amendment.
ANTOINE ROBEDEAU.
The bill (II. R. No. 196) for the relief of
Antoine Robedoau, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to inscribe on the invalid pension roll the
name of Antoine Robedeau, who was an inter-
preter to Geneial Kearny, whilst in command
of the army of the West, and was wounded in
the battle of San Pasqual, at the rate of §16 66
per month, to commence on the 1st of December,
1855, and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EDMUND MITCHELL,
The lull (II. R. No. 222) for the relief of Ed-
mund Mitchell, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to allow him a pen-
sion of eight dollars a month, from March 1,1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, road the
third time, and passed.
GEORGE W, TORRENCE.
The bill (H. It. No. 359) increasing the pen-
sion of George W. Torrenee, was the next bill on
the Calendar.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that bill being passed.
Let it he on the table. I make that motion.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 18, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. IvERSON. There is evidently a quorum
present.
Mr. STUART. I ask for another division.
Mr. CLAY. I make the motion because we
have paid him $1,500 in a round sum at once, and
this is moic than we allow as> the highest pension
in the Army. 1 inn willing to give lwm thirty dol-
lars a month, but 1 object to forty.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table.
URSULA E. COBB.
The bill (II. It. No. 368) for the relief of Ur-
sula E. Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to allow her a pension out of the naval
pension fund, from May 9, 1853, in accordance
with the net of March 3, 1837.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JO FIN CONNOLLY,
The bill (II. R, No- 373) for the relief of John
Connolly, late private of company A, sixth in-
fantry, United States Army, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to place
his name on the pension roll at the rate of ten
dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ABNER DICKSON.
The bill (II. R. No. 377) for the relief of Abner
Dickson, a soldier in the war of 1812, which
allows him a pension of sixteen dollars a month,
instead of the pension heretofore allowed him,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL WALDO.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 468) pro-
viding an increase of pension to Daniel Waldo,
of Onondaga county, New York, which directs
the Secietaiy of the Interior to cause his pension
to be changed on the pension roll, from $26 66
per annum to eight dollars per month, commenc-
ing on the 4th March, 1831, and continuing during
his natural life.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that bill, because it
goes back. I have never voted for any of these
back rations, and I never will do it. If we set
the precedent, it will exhaust the Treasury. I
move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it be recommitted to the
com mittee.
The bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. STUART subsequently said: The bill which
was recommitted to the Committee on Pensions
provided, I understand, for an increase of pension
to the old gentleman who is Chaplain to the House
of Representatives. I do not believe we can do
a better thing than increase his pension.
Mr. CLAY. It goes back to 1831.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Did the Sen-
ator vote with the majority?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the Senate will pass
the bill. The old gentleman cannot live more
than a few years at any rate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I agr$c to this bill, but
there is another thing that ought to be done The
1 Senate Chaplain ought to have the usual compen-
sation.
Mr. STUART. This is not compensation,
but a pension.
Mr. CLAY. It is a vicious precedent, that will
be used hereafter. The bill proposes to go back
to 1831, and pay him an increased pension from
that time to this. The reason for it is, that he
is a very old man, and cannot live lon£. That is
rather a reason why he does not need tfie money.
It is a vicious precedent, and I hope it will not
be set. I trust that party considerations cannot
operate here to give bounty to the Chaplain of the
House, and refuse the usual compensation to the
Chaplain of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. The precedent does not go
beyond this case. If I shall ever see a man who
is as old a man and as good a man, and has done
as good service to his country and to his fellow-
men as this man, I will reindorse the precedent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LOUIS HEMBERT.
The next bill on the Calendar was (H. R.No.
472) for the relief of Louis Hembert, which di-
rects that he be placed on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners at the rate of sixteen dollars a month,
commencing 1st June, 1856, and continuing dur-
ing his natural life, instead of the pension now
allowed him.
Mr. CLAY. I move that, that bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
MANUEL GONZALES MORO.
The bill (H. R. No. 224) authorizing the legal
representatives of Manuel GonzalesMoro toenter
