1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
625
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. Broolct and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
in reference to the remark made by the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. BALL. I withdraw my demand.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to say a word in
respect to the expense of the dome and the Cap-
itol. My recollection is that Mr. Stanton was
opposed to the plan suggested by the superin-
tendent and architect of the Capitol extension;
that he submitted the plan and drawing of a dome
which he said could be completed for $100,000.
I do not think he was in favor of the plan con-
tained in the" drawing which was hung behind
the Speaker's chair during a portion of the ses-
sion, and pending th^ discussion on the subject.
I do not think there has ever been submitted a
statement of the probable cost of the dome of the
Capitol. An appropriation of $100,000 was
made without reference to the amount it would
cost, and I think such will be the recollection of
gentlemen generally. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to refer to the debates on that occasion;
and I speak only from recollection. I believe
that Mr. Stanton, yourself, and myself, took a
position, last Congress, against a military super-
lntendency of the public buildings; and the im-
pression aid obtain that Mr. Stanton acted in
opposition to the plan contained in the drawing
of the superintendent and architect.
Mr. LETCHER. Who made the drawing
which Mr. Stanton brought into the House ?
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pringle] suggests to me—and he
refreshes my memory—that the plan of Mr.
Stanton was drawn by the architect of the exten-
sion, Mr. Walters.
I call the previous question,
Mr. BALL. I ask the indulgence of the House
to make a single explanation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my demand
for the previous question, and leave it with the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BALL. I have been told since I intro-
duced the resolution, that some of those persons
connected with the Public Buildings were under
the impression that Mr. Walter had furnished
me with some data. I wish to say, for his ben-
efit, that I never in my life exchanged a word
with him upon the subject until after I intro-
duced the resolution; and that no information
ever came from him directly or indirectly; The
only conversation I had with him was in the
presence of Mr. Meigs, in the architect's room,
where i went in company with Captain M. to
examine the drawings. 1 was then for the first
time introduced to Mr. Walter, and have not
.seen him but cAcesince the introduction of this
resolution, and.then I called upon him for some
explanation in reference to the drawings of the
Treasury building.
I call for the previous question.
ME. BROOKS AND MR. SUMNEK.
SPEECH OF HON. A. P. BUTLER,
OP SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, June 12,1856,
Ob the bill to enable the people of KansasTerritorytoform
a constitution and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Onion when they have the requisite
population.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the occasion
and the subject upon which I am about to address
the Senate of the United States, at this time, have
,been brought about by events over which I have
had no control, and could have had none—events
which have grown out of the commencement of
a controversy for which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts (not now in his seat) [Mr. Sumner]
should be held exclusively responsible to his
country and his God. He has delivered a speech
the most extraordinary that has ever had utter-
ance in any deliberative body recognizing the
sanctions of law and decency. When it was de-
livered I was not here; and if I had been present,
what I should have done it would be perfectly
idle for me now to say; because no one-can sub-
stitute the deliberations of a subsequent period
for such as might have influenced him at another
time and under different circumstances. My
i impression now is that, if I had-been present, I
New Series—No. 40.
should have asked the Senator, before he finished
some of the paragraphs personally applicable to
myself, to pause; and if ne had gone on, I would
have demanded of him, the next morning, that he
should review that speech, and retract or modify
it, so as to bring it within the sphere of parlia-
mentary propriety. If he had refused this, what
I woula have done I cannot say; yet I can say
that I would not have submitted to it. But what
mode of redress I should have resorted to, I can-
not tell.
I wish I had been here. I would have at least
assumed, as I ought to have done on my respons-
ibility as a Senator, and on my responsibility as
a representative of South Carolina, all the con-
sequences, let them lead where they might; but
instead of thstt, the speech has involved bis own
friends, and his own colleague. It has involved
my friends. It has involved one of them to such
an extent that, at this time, he has been obliged
to put his fortune and his life at stake. And, sir,
if the consequences which are likely to flow from
that speech hereafter shall end in blood and vio-
lence, that Senator should be prepared to repent
in sackcloth and ashes.
Now, 1 pronounce a judgment on that speech
which will be adopted by the public. I am as
certain as I am speaking that it is now condemned
by the public mind, and by posterity it will be
consigned to infamy, for the mischievous conse-
quences which have flowed from it already, and
such as are likely yet to disturb the peace and
repose of the country.
I said nothing, Mr. President, at any period of
my life—much less did I say anything in the
course of the debate to which the Senator from
Massachusetts purports to have made a reply—
that could have called for, much less have justi-
fied, the gross personal abuse, traduction, and
calumny, to which he has resorted.
When I was at my little farm, enjoying myself
quietly, and as I thought had taken refuge from
the strifes and contentions of the Senate, and of
politics, a message was brought to me that my
kinsman had been involved in a difficulty on my
account. It was so vague that I did not know
how to account for it. I was far from any tele-
graphic communication. I did not wait five min-
utes before I left home to put myself within the
reach of such information—and garbled even that
was—as was accessible. I traveled four days
continuously to Washington; and when I arrived
I found the very subject undet discussion which
had given me so much anxiety; and it has been
a source of the deepest concern to my feelings
ever since I heard of it, on many accounts—on
account of my eountry, and on account of the
honor and the safety of my kinsman. When I
arrived here, 1 found the subject under discussion.
I went to the Senate worn down by travel; and I
then gave notice that, when the resolutions from
Massachusetts should be presented, I would speak
to them, as coming from a Commonwealth whose
history, and whose lessons of history, had in-
spired me with the very highest admiration — I
would speak to them from a respect to a Com-
monwealth, whilst, perhaps, the Senator who had
been the cause of their introduction ought not to
deserve my notice, and would not have received it.
Well, sir, days passed, and those resolutions
were not presented. Now, they have been pre-
sented, and presented in a different way from any
that I have ever known to be submitted from any
Commonwealth before. They were not presented
by one of its Senators, but were sent directly to
the President of the Senate, and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives. I waited for some
time with the expectation that, when these resolu-
tions should come, I would acquit myself of the
painful task which circumstances had devolved
upon me. They did not come until yesterday—
more than two weeks after their adoption.
In the mean time — on Monday last — I gave
notice that I would address the Senate to-day,
under the confident belief, not that the present
Senator [Mr. Wilson] would be here—because, I I
have nothing to do with him—but that the Sen- '
ator who has been the aggressor,, the criminal
aggressor, in this matter, would be present; and
ifl give credence to the testimony of Dr. Boyle,
I see no reason why he should not be present.
For anything that appears in that testimony, if
he had been an officer of the Army, and had not
appeared the next day on the battle-field, he
would have deserved to be cashiered.
Sir, I am at a loss to know why he has aimed
his assaults at me individually, and at my State
on more occasions than one; but I am willing to
adopt the clew afforded by the Rev. Mr. Beecher;
and, as it is a clew upon the subject, I rely on it.
; I wish nothing of mine to go out that I do not
intend to be entirelyconsistentwith the convictions
of my mind. I ask to have Mr. Beecher's re-
marks read. I adopt them, and they will acquit
the Senator—or they will go very far to acquit
him.
The Secretary read as follows:
" The only complaint which I have ever heard of Sen-
ator Sumner has been this : that he, by his shrinking and
sensitive nature, was not fit for the ' rough and tumble' of
politics in our day. He would have held himself back, and
avoided giving the slightest offense, had it not been that he
was reproved and goaded into it by, as I think, the injudi-
cious criticism of friends."
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, I believe it, and it will
acquit his motives to some extent. Instead of
making his speech here his own, as a Senator,
under the obligations of the Constitution, and the
highest sanctions which can influence the conduct
of an honorable man — instead of making it the
vehicle of high thoughts and noble emotions that
would become a man and a Senator, it is obvious
now that he has made that speech but the conduit
—I will use a stronger expression—the fang,
through which to express upon the public the
compound poison of malignity and injustice. This
is confirmed by his remarkable exordium; for, in
many respects, this is the most extraordinary
speech that has ever found its way in any book,
or upon any occasion, ancient or modern. I have
never before heard of proem or exordium by
proclamation; and yet, before the delivery of his
speech, by a telegraphic proclamation to Theo-
dore Parker,he uttered this remarkable sentence:
" Whilst you are deliberating in your meeting I
am about to pronounce the mostthorough philippic
that was ever heard in the Senate of the United
States." This is in conformity with Mr. Par-
I ker's opinion. He was a flexible conformist in-
j voking the spirit of Theodore Parker as his muse
I to sustain him in the strife for which, by his na-
: ture and his talents, he was not fit. Sir, it was
| the tribute and deference of a flexible conformist,
: willing to be a rhetorical fabricator tp carry out
the views and subserve the purposes of a man
who, as I understand, is of an iron will and
robust intellect; who loves controversy, and has
abilities which more fit him, perhaps, for that,
than for worshiping the lamb as the emblem of
innocence, and as the prototype of that Christ
whose doctrines he has professed. To conciliate
Parker, the Senator must make war upon South
Carolina and upon myself. If he supposed that
he wou!4 gain laurels by any attack on me be-
cause I was a " foeman worthy of his steel," I
might feel complimented; but tnere was no such
purpose. It was to pander to the prejudices of
Massachusetts, or a portion of Massachusetts—
for God forbid that I should say anything which
is not proper of Massachusetts—to pander to a
portion of Massachusetts by assailing South Car-
olina. Before I finish I shall say what I think,
and if he were here in his place I would make
him hang his head in shame; for 1 will demon-
strate, before I conclude, that, in what he has
said of South Carolina, he has aspersed the. near-
est and dearest comrade of his mother. Yes, sir,
a degenerate son, incapable of appreciating the
relations which subsisted between Massachusetts
and South Carolina at a time when there was
something more of peril to be encountered than
exhibitions of rhetoric in the Senate of the United
States; when men placed their lives and their
fortunes on the issue which had been made. I
will prove him a calumniator. While he has
charged me with misstating history, law, and the
Constitution, let me say that " he who lives in
glass houses should not throw stones." I here
say, and I pledge myself t,o it, that I will convict
him, and shall demand of the Senate a verdict of
guilty
But, Mr. President, there is one result of this
speech which I think may be regarded as good.
He has shown, as Mr. Beecher says, that he is
unfit for the war of debate. He has no business
