1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2235
certain lands in Missouri, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
HEIRS OF THOMAS GORDON.
The bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Thomas Gordon, de-
ceased, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the representatives the
sum of nineteen dollars and eighteen ninetieths,
with interest at the rate of six per centum from
1801, in full for a certificate given by Timothy
Pickering, Quartermaster General, to Thomas
Gordon, deceased, for nineteen dollars and eigh-
teen ninetieths, with interest, bearing date 29th
July, 1782.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thiid time, and passed.
' , JOHN OTIS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill (H. R. No. 331) for the relief
of John Otis, which directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay him $917 50, in full compensa-
tion for services rendered in taking care of the
sick and wounded at the battle of Sandy Creek,
and materials furnished, in the year 1814.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT CHARLES E. JARVIS.
The bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis,
of the United States Army, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the accounting officers to allow $3,098 37, in the
accounts of Lieutenant Charles E. Jaivis, de-
ceased, late acting assistant commissary of sub-
sistence, for disbursements made on las passage
to California, and transportation on his arrival
there, the vouchers having been stolen after his
death in California.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
The Senate considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill (H. R. No. 275) for the relief of
Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones. It directs
the accounting officers to pay him $900, in full
for the moneys paid by him to Hall McAllister,
Esq., as counsel on the trial of Black, and five
others, for mutiny.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. HUNTER. I have some reason to be-
lieve that, if we extend the session for two hours,
the difference between the two Houses on the
Army appropriation bill may be settled. There
is not time enough now. The House is voting
on a motion to suspend the rules for the purpose
of extending the session two hours. I wish to |
submit a motion that the Senate, (the House of
Representatives concui ring,) extend the session
until two o'clock to-day. Two o'clock is the
hour proposed by themselves, and let us agree
to it.
Mr. HALE. I hope not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr TH7TLER. And I object.
Mr. TOOMBS. The time has come to adjourn.
I have been paid, and I want to go home.
Mr. HUNTER. It is only for two hours.
Within one or two hours the House may recede.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 would not give five minutes
to pass all the appropriation bills you have passed
this session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the resolution ot the Senator from Virginia,
which is:
Resoled, (the limine of Representatives concurring,) |
That the pie&ent session be extended to two o clock tins
day.
Mr. SEWARD. Can that resolution be con-
sidered now, unless by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a ques-
tion of privilege relative to the immediate business
of the body, and entitled to be considered at oncc.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. As the prompting of my own
mind alone—I have had no conversation with
others—I say that, if this resolution be adopted,
it may save the necessity of an extra session. I
have no information, but I think so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 41, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Big^s, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Clay,
Clayton, Collamer, Crittenden, Douglas, Evans, Fioh, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hailan, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mai-
lary, Mason, Fearce, Pratt, PugJl, Reirl, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, TrumbuJi, Weller, Wright, and
Ytilee—41. '
JVAYS—-Messrs. Bel] of New Hampshire, Butler, Hale,
Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and W'adc—7.
So the resolution was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Hannibal Faulk and
Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow Scnber,) and
the heirs and legal representatives of •Benjamin
Scriber, deceased;
An act for the relief of Abraham Kintzing;
An act for the relief of Ambrose Lanfear, of
Louisiana; and
An act making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1857.
LIEUTENANT J. \V. TODD.
The bill (H. R. No. 11) for the relief of J. W.
Todd, a lieutenant of ordnance in the United
States Army, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Its object is to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to give credit to Lieutenant
Todd, in the sum of $2,450, being the amount
placed in his hands by the United States, and
charged to him as a disbursing officer, which was
irrecoverably lost whilst in his charge and cus-
tody by the burning and sinking of the steamboat
Gipsey Oil the Misssisippi river, between Baton
Rouge and New Orleans, on the 7th of December,
1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time. -
Mr. BAYARD. I wish simply to state that
the Senate have passed some private bills this
morning directing the accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay money. I think it questionable
whether they can pay money, because thej^ have
no warrant to do so. This bill, I believe, is dif-
ferent. It directs them to give a credit.
The bill was passed.
SALVADOR ACCARDI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
-considered the bill (H. R. No. 4) for the relief of
Salvador Accardi. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place his name on the pension roll, at
the rate of six dollars a month, commencing the
4th of March, 1854.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JAMES M. LINDSAY.
The bill (C. C. No. 3) for the relief of James
M. Lindsay, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. .
It proposes to confirm the claim ot.-James M.
Lindsay, of the State of Alabama, to fractional
section twenty-one, township six, range five,
west of the Alabama river, (except the south
half of the southeast quarter and the south half
of the southwest quarter of that section,) being
the part of a reservation made to Samuel and
David Hale, Cieek Indians, by the Jieaty of the
9th of August, 1814, between the United States
and the hostile Creeks.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM H. CHASE.
The bill (H. R. C. C. No. G) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Chase, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs tho accounting officers to pass to the
credit of VW llliam II. Chase,a major in the Army,
in the settlement of his accounts, the sum of
$812 50, being for an amount heretofore disal-
lowed him in lieu of quarters and fuel in the years
1838 and 1839, and the further sum of $130 paid
by him to convey him, in the course of his duty,
from Key West to Havana in the year 1835—in
all $942 50.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RUDOLPH KUSSMAUL.
The Senate proceeded as in Committee of the
Whole to consider the hill (H. R. No. 563) for
the relief of Rudolph Kussmaul.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
his name on the pension list at the rate of twelve
dollars a month from the 30th of Jane, 1856, during
his natural life, instead of six dollars a month,
which lie now receives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed the
following bills:
An act (No. 222) for the relief of Abraham
Kintzing;
An act (No. 270) for tho relief of Hannible
Faulk and ElizaS. Collier, (formerly widow Scri-
ber,) and the heirs and legal representatives of
Benjamin Scriber, deceased;
An act (No. 377) for the relief of Ambrose Lan-
fear, of Louisiana; and
An act (No. 438) for the relief of Thomas H.
Baird.
CHAPLAIN TO THE SENATE.
Mr. STUART. I desire to call up a resolution
which I understand was objected to by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale;] but he
is willing to withdraw his objection. It is the
resolution in reference to our Chaplain.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the resolution will be taken up. _ The
j Chair hears no objection. The resolution is:
I Resolved, That there lie paid to the Chaplain of the Sen
' ate, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, the sum of
,j:,L)l) in addition to his salary.
Mr. HALE. Upon an appeal made to me by
several Senators not to defeat this resolution by
my personal objection, I have withdrawn it, but
I have an objection to the passage of the resolu-
tion, which I will occupy a very few minutes in
stating.
Mr. President, I hold in my hand a pamphlet
(of which the Rev. Henry Clay Dean, Chaplain
of the United States Senate at this time, is the
author) entitled " The great fraud upon the public
credulity in the organization of the Republican
party upon the ruins of the Whig party," signed
"National Whig." In this pamphlet of our
reverend Chaplain, I find the following language
used ill reference to a party with which it is my
pride to act:
"T'ne Republican partv invites contest, and provokes
quairel, but it is the contest of passion and prejudice—the
viru> ofenvy infused from the poisoned tongue of slander,and
thrown into the life-blood ol'tlie body politic; the contest of
jealousy, whose infernal tires are fanned by detraction, and
ted by falsehood ; the contest of malignity that limits down
The living, that throws its missiles at the good name of the
absent, and, jaekall-like, howls around the sepulchers of
1 the illustrious dead. Nor is it the quarrel of contending
parties, aroused by a sense of mjUitiecdone them, and fear-
I less of conflict and death. It is the bandying of epithet!.—the
inauguration into the council-chambers of the country of
: the vernacular of the billiaid saloon and the billingsgate of
the beer-shop."
In this same pamphlet, it is alleged of the Re-
publican party:
"Their object, in the coming campaign, is the spoils of
office, or the dissolution of the Union."
And it is immediately added:
" The following paragraphs cannot be easily misappre-
hended- Read them:
" RkfublioanisW and Dispniok—John P. IiAr.e.— lite
Abolition candidate for President against Scott and Fierce
m 185-2: What is his record ? On the 7th ol I cbruary. IboO,
, he presented, insisted upon, and along with Chase and Scw-
: ard alone, voted to receive, refer, and consider a petition
; demanding of Congress f an immediate dissolution of the
i Union,' because a union with slaveholders is violative of
i Divine law and human rights. Ca^, Corwm, IJenton,
! Clay, and Webster, with forty-six other Senators, voted
| agauifrt U."
i Now, sir, as our reverend Chaplain has de~
