636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
press it, though I thought at the time that it was
a privileged motion. I stated that I did not de-
sire' to interfere with the special order of the
House: but I said on Friday last that, as X desired
to leave the city for a few days, not having left it
for one single day since thecommencementof the
session, it would be a matter of considerable con-
venience to me to be enabled to express my views
on that question before I went. But T aid not
intend again to ask the consent of the House,
though' the gentleman from Georgia was kind
enough to ask it in my behalf.
Tfie SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Virginia will proceed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
kansas election.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House, then, is the report of the Committee of
Elections, upon which the gentleman from Georgia
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS then took the floor, and oc-
cupied it for one hour. His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. DUNN next addressed the House. The
report of his remarks is withheld for revision, and
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, then obtained
the floor, and remarked that he would prefer that
the House should now adjourn, and then he
would have the floor to-morrow morning.
Mr. WAKEMAN. If the gentleman from
Tennessee does not desire to occupy the time of
the House this evening, 1 will take the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. If there is no objection to my
having the floor to-morrow morning, I will yield
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. If any gentleman objects, I
will proceed now.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will yield the
floor, I will move that the House do now adjourn,
and then he will be entitled to the floor to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope we shall
not adjourn.
Mr. ORR. It is a courtesy which is seldom
refused to a member.
Mr. WRIGHT. I yield to allow that motion
to be made.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe this matter can be
accommodated. The gentleman desires to speak
to-morrow, and there are other gentlemen who
desire to speak to-day. I suggest that, by unan-
imous consent, the gentleman be allowed the floor !
to-morrow morning, so that some other gentle-
man who desires to speak to-day may be per-
mitted to take the floor, and proceed with his
remarks.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that course will be pursued.
Mr. TRAETON. i object.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I withdraw my demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. As the call for the yeas and nays
has been withdrawn at the request of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. WRIGHT then addressed the House in
relation to the state of affairs m the Territoiy of
Kansas, and in favor of General Whitfield's
right to the seat. His speech will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. TRAFTON obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman will give way
I will move that the House do now adjourn; but
I desire first to have read the resolutions which
I indicated my purpose to offer as a substitute
for the resolution proposed by the Committee
of Elections. Tiiey will then be printed in the
Globe in the morning, and gentlemen can have
an opportunity of reading them and understand-
ing them when they come up for action.
Mr. TRAFTON. I will yield with the under-
standing that I am to have the floor in the morn-
ing.
The resolutions were read, and are as follows:
llcsohed, That a committee of three of the member^ of
this House, to be appointed by the Speaker, shall proceed
to inquire into and collect evidence in regard to the troubles
m Kansas generally, and particularly in regard to any fraud
orlorce attempted or piacticed in reference to any of the
elections which have taken place in said Tenitoiy, either
under the law organizing said Territory, or under any pre-
tended law which may be alleged to have taken effect therein
since. That they shall fully investigate and take proof of
all violent and tumultuous proceedings m said Territory,
at any time since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
whether engaged in by residents of said Terntoiy, or by
any person or persons from elsewhere going into t>aid Ter-
ritory, and doing, or encouraging others to do, any act of
violence or public disturbance against the laws of the United
States, or the rights, peace, and safety of the residents of
said Territory: and for that purpose said committee shall
have full power to send for and examine, and take copies
of all such papers, public records and proceedings, as in
their judgment will be useful m the premise?; and, also, to
send tor person*, and examine them on oath, or affirmation,
as to matters within their knowledge, touching the matters
of said mve&tigation; and said committee, by their chairman,
sh all have power to administer all necessai y oaths or aflii raa-
tions connected with theii afoiesaid duties.
Resolved further, That said committee may hold their
investigations at such places and times as to them may
seem advisable, and that they have leave of absence from
the duties of tins House until they shall have completed
such investigation. That they be authouzed to employ
one or moie clciks, and one oi more assistant scrgeants-at-
arm«f, to aid them m their investigation; and may adminis-
ter to them an oath or affirmation faithfully to perfoim the
duties assigned to them, respectively, and to keep secret all
ivuittci s which may come to their knowledge touching such
investigation as said committee shall direct, until the re-
port of the same shall be submitted to this House; and
t?aid committee may discharge any such cleik, or assistant
norgeant-at-ai for neglec t of duty or di^regaid of instruc-
tions in the premises, and employ others under like regula-
tions.
Resolved further, That if any person shall in any manner
obstruct or hinder said committee, or attempt so to do, in
their riaid investigation, or shall refuse to attend on said
committee, and to give evidence when summoned for that
purpose, or shall reiuse to pioduee any paper, book, public
record, or pioeecding in theu possession or control, to said
committee when s>o required, or shall make any disturbance
where said committee is holding theirsitting.s, said commit-
tee may, if they see fit, cause any and eveiy such person to
be arrested by said assistant seigeant-at-arms, and btought
before this House to be dealt with as for a contempt.
Resolved further, That for the purpose of defraying the
expenses of said commission, there be, and hereby is, ap-
propriated the sum of $10.000jto be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of this House.
Resolved further, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, lequested to furnish to said committee,
should tiiey be met with any serious opposition by bodies of
lawless men, m the d^charge of their duties afoiesaid, such
aftl horn any military force as may at the time be conve-
nient to them, as iiuy be necessary to remove such opposi-
tion, and enable said committee without molestation to
pioreed with their labors.
Resolved further, That when said committee shall have
completed said investigation, they report all the evidence
so collected to this House.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions proposed by
the gentleman arc not in order pending the mo-
tion to recommit the resolution reported by the
committee.
Mr. DUNN. So I supposed. IJgive notice,
however, that I shall offer them as a substitute
whenever it shall be in order.
change of reference.
Mr. PRINGLE. On yesterday, the message
of the President concerning Indian disturbances
in Oregon was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. I think it should appropriately go
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I therefore
move to reconsider the vote by which it was
referred; and, if that motion prevails, shall move
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
action on the motion to reconsider now?
Mr. P1112JGLK. Yes, sir. I think the change
of reference had better be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. These papers were sent to
the Committee oil Indian Affairs on motion of
the gvntlemnn from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] who is
not now in lus seat. I made objection^/,) the ref-
erence at the time, and he came to my seat and
gave mo a reason for the reference, which I thought
was a good one. 1 would suggest, therefore, that
the motion lie over until he is present.
Mr. PRINGLE. Under the circumstances I
am quite satisfied that the motion should be en-
tered on the Journal and lie over.
medal to captain james lawrence.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read , considered, and agreed to:
Rewired, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be, and
are hereby, directed to inquire whether the resolution of
Congress, appioved January 11,1814, requesting the Pres-
ident of the United State* to csuse to be presented to the
i neatest inalo relative of Captain James Lawrence a gold
i medal, and a silver medal to each of the commissioned
officers who served under him in the sloop of war Hornet,
in her conflict with the Biitish vessel of war, Peacock,
has been complied with; and, if not, what further legislation
is necessaiy to cause said lesolution to be executed, and to
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Eve
Mills, (copies being left,) m order that they may be returned
to the claimant.
And then, on motion by Mr. LETCHER, the
House (at twenty minutes to four o'clock) ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 12, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information respecting the printing
for the Post Office Department during the year
ending December 31,1855, not executed under the
provisions of the act of August 26,1852; which, on
motion by Mr. Seward, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of
Major Earnard, and twenty-six other officers of
the United States Army stationed at West Point, -
praying for an increase of the commutation price
of rations; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presenteda communication and
other papers from the Mayor of Georgetown, in
the Distiict of Columbia, relative to the purchase
of a site and erection of a building for the accom-
modation of the custom-house and post office in
Georgetown, District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying that
Congress will make provision for furnishing
boards of trade and chambers of commerce, in
the various cities of the Union, with the public
documents printed by order of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the action of the lats naval
retiring board, and asking Congress to do justice
to the injured parties; which was ordered to lie
upon the table.
Mr. PRATT presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Maryland, urging upon Congress the
repayment of the money advanced by the State
of Maryland, in 1791 and 1792, to the United
States, for the purpose of erecting public buildings
at the city of Washington; which were referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, the memorial of the Board of Trade of
Baltimore, asking for the passage of a law directing
the various public documents printed by order of
Congress to be sent to that and to similar incor-
porated boards of trade throughout the country;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Also, the petition of Mary Haubbert, daughter
of' Jacob Bowers, deceased, a soldier in the war
of 1£U2, praying to be allowed bounty land;
whiou was referred to the Committee on Public
ty dr. kane's arctic expedition.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President. 1 present res-
olutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in
reference to the expedition of Dr. Kane in the
Arctic regions; which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read the resolutions, which re-
cogmzc, on the part of Dr. Kane's native State,
the value of the services rendered by the expe-
dition which he commanded, and the gallant
conduct displayed in its management, and return
to him, and the officers and crew under his com-
mand, the thanks of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. They also commend the results of the
explorations as worthy of the attention and pat-
ronage of the General Government.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the resolutions
which have just been read be referred to the
Committee on the Library, with instructions to
inquire into the expediency of purchasing, for the
