1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
the discharge of your duties." He asked me to
walk with him. I did so. He then told mo Mr.
Sumner had been very insulting to his State, and
that he had determined to punish him, unless he
made an ample apology. "We took a seat in the
Capitol grounds, near the walk leading from the
Avenue to the Capitol. He said to me, " I wish
you merely to be present, and, if a difficulty
should occur, to take no part in it. Sumner may
have friends with him, and 1 want a friend of
mine to be with me to do me justice." I asked
him what was his purpose? He replied it was
to call upon Mr. Sumner for the insulting language
used towards his State, and if he did not apolo-
gize to punish him.
Question* About what time was this?
Answer. I met Mr. Brooks about ten minutes
before the time for the meeting of the House on
"Wednesday morning. I remember to have hoard
Mr. Brooks say it was time for southern men to
stop this coarse abuse used by the Abolitionists
against the southern people and States, and that
he should not feel that he was representing his
State properly if he permitted such things to be
said; that he learned Mr. Sumner intended to do
this thing days before he made his speech; that he
did it deliberately, and he thought he ought topun-
ishhim for it. That is all that occurs to my mind
that has any revelancy to this matter. The ne\:t
morning, when coming to the Capitol, about the
time for the House to incut, I saw Mr. Brooks
sitting in the gate-house of the Capitol grounds
at the entrance from Pennsylvania avenue, alone.
I supposed what his object was, and stepped in.
I said, You are looking out JTe said he was
desirous of seeing Mr. Sumner; that he could not
overlook the insult; that he had scarcely slept
any the night before thinking of it: and that it,
ought to be promptly resented. We sat there
only a few moments, during winch time I learned
that his purpose was to meet Mr. Sumner before
he got into the Senate Chamber; that he could
see from that position whether he. should walk or
ride; if he should be in a carnage, he (Brooks)
intended to puss tinough the ground and Capitol
and meet him before lu; readied tin- .Senate Cham-
ber. I stated to him, that would be an impru-
dent course; that I had no doubt Mr. Slimmer was
physically a stion«;er man than himself, and the
exertion and fui^ue of passing up so many flights
of steps would render him unable to contend with
Mr. Sumner, should a personal conflict take place.
We walked then to the Capitol; our conversation,
as we {Kissed on, was m relation to other matteis.
"When we arrived at the door cuteiing into the
rotunda he lomarked that he was going into the
Senate Chamber, and went in that direction. 1
went intolhe ] lou.se, where I found Mr. Lindley,
of Missouri, was announcing the death of Ids
colleague, Mr. Miller; he was followed by Air.
Marshall, of Kentucky, after winch the House
adjourned.
I then walked over to the Senate, and saw Mr.
Brooks standing in the lobby on the opposite side
of the main aisle from whore Mr. Sumner was
sitting. I seated myself, and heard Mr. Geyer
announce the death of Mr. Miller in the Senate.
The Senate then adjourned. When I noticed
Mr. Brooks again he was occupying a seat m the
Senate Chamber. As I was passing near him, I
asked him if he was a Senator5 He then said to
me he would stand this thing no longer; he would
send to Mr. Sumner to retire from the Chamber.
He then got up, and went into the vestibule out-
side of the Chamber with that view, i followed
him, and said, that if he sent such a mtwsa^e,
Mr. Sumner would probably send for him to come
into the Senate Chamber. Tie seemed to be busy
at his desk directing documents, as I supposed:
and he would effect nothing by this, lie having
previously said he did not desire to have an inter-
view with Mr. Sumner while ladies were present, :
and I knew there still remained a lady occupying '
a scat in the lobby not far from where Mr. Sum- |
21 or \v as sitting. This is nil the conversation that
i now remember to hove had with i\lr. Brooks
that had any relevancy to this matter. We then 1
stepped back into the Senate Chamber. I imme-
diately passed on through another door, near
which X met a ti lend, (Senator Johnson,) to whom
I propounded the question, if there would be any
impropucty, should an altercation occur between
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner, of its taking place
in the Senate Chamber, the Senate having ad-
journed at the time? My recollection is, that I
suggested, in the said conversation, there seemed
to me no impropriety in calling on Mr. Sumner
in the Senate, it having adjourned some time before,
and there being few persons present; the insult
was given there, and that might be looked upon
as the proper place to resent it; and further, that
should a collision follow, both parties might prefer
it to take place where it would be more private
than it would probably be outside of the Capitol.
Here the conversation terminated; and as I turned
away from this gentleman, heard a noise in the
Senate Chamber with exclamations of "Oh! oh!"
I went back as quickly as I could; but when I
got into the Senate Chamber the whole difficulty
was over. I found Mr. Sumner in a reclining
position, Mr. Morgan holding him by the arm,
saying that he was very badly hurt, and that a
physician must be procured. There was some
conversation between Mr. Brooks and Mr. Crit-
tenden. In a short time it was suggested that
Mr. Sumner had better go into the ante-room,
and he was carried out in a leaning position.
I saw three pieces broken off the small end of the
cane. My attention was called to them, by Mr.
Brooks requesting mu to procure the head of his
cane. My recollection is that he said it was pre-
sented to him by some one from Philadelphia.
I got n portion of the stick and gave it to Mr.
Glossbrenner, Sergeant-at-Arms of the House,
and have not seen it since.
Question. Do you know of any arrangement
made by Mr. Brooks with any other member?
4flnvcrr. I do not think there was any such
arrangement; for on the day of the first conver-
sation r< feired to, between Air. Biooks and my-
self, i ief( rred to a conversation I had with an-
other gentleman in reference to the view he (Mr.
Brooks) took of Air. Sumner's speech, when he
replied, Then you have mentioned this matter to
someone else? saying, at the same time, that he
himself had mentioned it to no one else. I heard,
ingoing into the Senate Chamber whilst Air.
Sumner was speaking the second day, that lie
had expressed some dissatisfaction with Air.
Sumner's < uui.se the fust day of his specdi. He
repeated to me the words Sumner had used in
idation to his State, in our first conversation. I
think the lan iM'M' he repented that Air. Sumner
had used townids South Carolina was: '• Disgrace-
fully impotent during the Revolution, and ren-
dered still more so since on account of slavery."
Question, (by Mr. Conn.) The language used
in Ins reported speech is, s> shamefully imbe-
cile ?"
Answer. I think the words repeated to me by
ATr. Brooks were not exactly those in his speech.
I have stated that Air. Brooks did not call on me
with the \iew of my taking any part in the mat-
ter. His design was, that 1 should know exactly
what was done on the occasion. That, he stated
at the time, was his mam purpose in calling on me.
Question. Your meeting with Mr Brooks the
morning before this occurrence was accidental?
Annrcr. It was.
Question. When Mr. Brooks requested you to
be present, I ask you whether or not he was very
explicit in stating that it was not with the view
of your taking any part in the transaetion, but
simply that you should be present as a witness
of what occurred ?
Answer. That was all. Tie said to me,<£ I want
you to take no part in this thing.'' I mentioned
the fact that it had been rumored by Senator
Sumner's filends that ho had armed himself in
anticipation of an attack, and asked Mi. Biooks
what preparation he hod made; for I had nothing
but a Irtle briar suck. He replied: "I have
nothing but my cane.5'
Question. Dou you know of his having any
other weapon ?
Answer. I do not.
Question, (by Air. Penniktgton.) Was the
morning on which Air. Brooks first informed you
of his purpose in regard to Mr. Sumner the clay
before the assault?
Answer. It was.
Quistion. Was that the first intimation you
had of his purpose ?
Answer. It was the first direct intimation. T
learned in the Senate Chamber, the day Mr.
Sumner closed his speech, that Air. Brooks had
taken offense at what had been said the day
before.
Question. Did you know of his intention to
punish him then ?
Answer. I did not. The first word he said to
me on the subject, was on the morning after Mr.
Sumner had closed his speech. I think this was
on Wednesday, and that he closed his speech on
Tuesday. The affair took place on Thursday.
Question. Then the first time he announced
his fixed determination to you, was on the morn-
ing previous to the assault?
Answer. That was the first time I heard from
Mr. Brooks on the subject. As I have stated, I
heard Senator Hunter state, the day before, that
Mr. Brooks had complained of language used on
the first day of the speech. I heard but very little
of Mr. Sumner's speech, but I heard some strong
language, and remarked at the time that it was
strong language. It was said that he had been
particularly severe the day before upon Judge
butler, and that Mr. Brooks had complained
of it.
Quesfiow. When you reached the scene of the
transaction, you say that Mr. Sumner was already
in the arms of Air. Morgan ?
Answer. Air. Morgan had hold of him. I think
he had him by the arm. They were about remov-
ing him when I arrived in the Senate Chamber.
Question. Then you were not anticipating an
immediate assault?
Answer. I did not anticipate an immediate
assault, because when I left the Chamber there
was a lady in the Chamber, and Mr. Brooks had
said that he would have nothing to do with the
matter in the presence of ladies. Ke had ex-
pressed a desire to see Mr. Sumner outside the
Hall.
Question. Did he intimate or express a wish
that you remain until the transaction was over?
Answer. He did not at that time. The only
time when he expressed any wish to me upon
the subject, was the day before, when we were
sitting on the seat I have mentioned in the Capitol
grounds.
Question. When was it that you asked him as
to his preparation ?
Answer. It was on Wednesday morning, the
day before the occurrence.
Question. How long did you remain waiting
for AJr. Sumner on that morning?
Answer. I suppose about fifteen minutes. I
could not state precisely as to the time; the sec-
ond morning but a very few minutes.
Question. Were you with Air. Brooks in the
Senate Chamber on that morning?
Answer. We parted at the rotunda of the Cap-
itol. He remarked that he was going into the
Senate Chamber. I went into the House.
Question. Did you accompany Mr. Brooks to
the Capitol on Thursday morning ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I met him at the gate-house
at the foot of the Capitol grounds, a few minutes
before or a few minutes after the time of the
meeting of the House—I cannot speak precisely
as to the time. The meeting was casual alto-
gether.
Que&tion. Then Mr. Brooks said nothing to you
of his purpose in going into the Senate Chamber
on that morning?
Answer. He said nothing in the world about
what his purpose was in going to the Senate. I
do not think—if there was, I do not recollect it—
that there was any reference made to the matter
in walking from the gate-house to the Capitol.
We were m conversation about some other mat-
ter when we arrived at the rotunda.
Question. Then he gave no intimation as to
when he intended to cairy out his purpose?
Answer. None whatever.
Question. Your subsequent meeting in the Sen-
ate was also casual ?
Answer. It was. After the adjournment of the
House, I walked over to the Senate to hear the
eulogies on Air. Aliller. Air. Miller was an
acquaintance of mine, with whom I had been asso-
ciated m the House for a considerable time; and
1 went to the Senate to hear the eulogies on
him.
Question, (by Air. Pennington.) Did you
know whether or not Mr. Keitt knew of Mr.
Brooks's purpose to punish Mr. Sumner before
the transaction; and if he did, how long before;
and what did he say to you about it?
Answer. Air. Keitt and myself never had any
conversation upon the subject, and I know noth-
