1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
Question, (by.Mr." Pehotngtoit^ You say .y ou
heard the matter discussed by sojnie gestlenjjjfi,-.
Who wore they? ' .
Answer. I heard Mr. Barksdale speftlft of'ft; -f
heard Mr. Edraundson speak of it. I heard Mr.
Pelton speak of it. I heard Dr. Chaffee speak of
it. I have heard it discussed^- by a great many
persons. . . ;
Question. Have you heard it discussed in'the
presence of Mr. Brooks?
Answer. I have heard remarks made in the
presence of Mr. Brooks?
Question. Who were present at the time? •
Jlnswer. It would be impossible to say. I have
heard the matter discussed by a great many per-
sons from time to time. I was informed, in my
room by the servant that Mr. Brooks had caned
somebody. I came down to ask who it was. " I
met Mr. Barksdale, and he informed me that it
was Mr. Sumner.
Question. Have you not stated that you were
present with Mr. Brooks and others when it was
arranged there should be an attack upon Mr.
Sumner ? Do you know anything of that attaek-?
Jlnswer. No, sir. I did state, on one occasion,
that I heard some gentleman had stated that Judge
Butler would have to reply to Mr. Sumner; that-'
another gentleman had stated somebody ought to
reply with a stick, or something to that effect;
and that Colonel Brooks had remarked, that"must
not be done.
Question. Was Colonel Brooks present when
that statement was made ?
Jlnswer. No, sir. I will state that, on the even-
ing after this occurrence took place, several gen-
tlemen accosted me and remarked that it was an
outrage, or something to that offset. I replied
that they ought not to come to me with com-
plaints, but go to Colonel "Brooks, who held him-
self responsible to all. I did not think that they
hrul a right to come to one of Colonel Brooks s
nearest friends with such remarks. I took it up,
however, and some difficulty occurred between
I Dr. Chaffee and myself, growing out of this
1 remark.
Hon. James Buffinton, sworn: '
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Do you know
any of the facts connected with the assault alle'ged
to have been committed upon Mr. Sumner, in the
Senate Chamber, by Hon. Mr. Brooks, of South
Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 1856 ?
Jlnswer. I have no knowledge of the assault
whatever.
Question. Do you know anything of threats
made by Mr. Brooks, or any other person?
Answer. No threats. I heard a member in the
House, a day before this transaction occurred,
say that Mr. Sumner ought to be knocked down,
and his face jumped into. I cannot say that was
the precise language, but I think it was as strong
as that.
Question. What member was that ?
Jlnswer. I did notknow the member. I inquired
who lie was, and was told that it was Mr. Rivers.
Colonel Orr was sitting at his side at the time.
This was the day before the difficulty occurred.
I saw Mr. Sumner in the ante-room of the Senate
before his wounds were dressed. I saw the doc-
tor dress his wounds.
Question. Describe the character of the wounds;
and if Dr. Boyle made any remarks in regard to
them, state what they were.
Jlnswer. There was nothing said in the ante-
room of the Senate that I think would have any-
bearing upon the case. My own recollection is,
that I did not speak while in the room. When.
I went there, Captain Darling, and, I believe, "
Mr. Morgan, of New York, and the doctor, wcro
there; perhaps the doctor came in a few minutes
after I got there. I went home with Mr. Sumner,
and saw his head dressed. I got him a clean shirt,
and helped to put it on. The doctor ordered all
from the room except myself, and said that such
was the condition of Mr. Sumner it was abso-
lutely necessary that lie should be kept quiet, for
he could not tell the extent of the injuries at that
time. My own impression is, that I saw Dr.
Boyle there on every morning up to Saturday
morning. On Saturday morning I was there be-
fore the doctor. The question was raised whether
Mr. Sumner was able to go to the court to answer
the subpena. I said to Mr. Sumner I should not
think it advisable to go, but we would wait until
the physician cams m. His physician remarked,
ing in reference to his having any knowledge of
Mr. Brooks's intentions, except an inference that
might be drawn from a single remark. On the
day the occurrence took place, I proposed to Mr.
Keitt that we should go down street, and he said,
No, I cannot leave till Brooks does.
Question. Where did that conversation occur?
Jlnswer. I do not know that I can specify the
precise location where it did occur. My recollec-
tion is that it occurred in the small rotunda be-
hind the main rotunda and the vestibule of the
Senate. That is as near as I can recollect.
Question. How long was this before the trans-
action occurred?
Jlnswer. I am not certain; but my impression
is, that it was between the adjournment of the
Senate and the time when the occurrence took
place.
Question. Did you see Mr. Keitt or have any
conversation with him in the Senate Chamber?
Jlnswer. I had no conversation with him,other
than that to which I have referred. X do not now
recollect, and could not state, whether I saw him
after that conversation or not.
Question. Did he request you to wait?
Answer. He did not.
Question. State if, when you left the Senate
Chamber last, before the occurrence took place,
you were preparing to leave the Capitol, or
■whether you were waiting to witness an interview
between Mr. Sumner ana Mr. Brooks?
Jlnswer. I did not remain at the Capitol with
any definite view of witnessing an interview be-
tween Mr. Sumner and Mr. Brooks; yet my im-
pression was, that an interview would take place;
and that, perhaps, influenced me in remaining
longer in and near the Senate Chamber than I
otherwise should have done. But I felt no obli-
gation to remain from anything that had passed
between me and any other person, and should not
have hesitated to leave there, had there been any
reason influencing me to do so.
Richard Sutton, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made on Mr. Sumner in the
Senate Chamber by Hon. Mr. Bro'bks, of South
Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 1856?
Jlnswer. On Thursday, the 22d of May in-
stant, the Senate adjourned at fifteen minutes to
one o'clock, in respect to the memory of Mr.
Miller, of Missouri, whose death had been an-
nounced. Several Senators remained in their
seats. Mr. Sumner was in his seat engaged in
writing, and occasionally in conversation with
visitors. About a quarter past one o'clock, I
heard a sharp crack, and on looking in the direc-
tion of the sound, I saw a stranger rapidly strik-
ing Mr. Sumner on the head with a cane. Mr.
Holland, the assistant sergeant-at-arms, ran to
that portion of the Senate Chamber, and as an
officer of the Senate called for the preservation
of peace. Mr. Keitt, a member of the House of
Representatives, rushed with a shout towards
Mr. Holland, brandishing a cane around his head,
with the evident purpose to prevent any interfer-
ence. The stranger, who I subsequently learned
was Mr. Brooks-, a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, continued to beat Mr. Sumner with
his cane until it broke, and the beating was con-
tinued with the pieces. Mr. Sumner struggled,
and desks and chairs were overthrown; but Mr.
Sumner did not strike his assailant. At length
(Mr. Brooks being then near the front door, with
gentlemen who interposed) Mr. Sumnerstaggered
from the platform on winch his desk was placed,
and sank exhausted to the floor, bleeding pro-
fusely.
The committee then adjourned until to-morrow
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Wednesday, May 28, ,1856.
The committee met pursuant to adjournment,
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Present—all the members of the committee.
Dunning R. McNair, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been made on Mr. Sumner, in
the Senate Chamber, by Hon. Mr. Brooks, on
Thursday, the 22d day of May, 1856?
Jlnmer. I left the Senate Chamber from five to
ten minutes after the Senate adjourned, and did
not return for twenty or thirty minutes, probably;"
the affair was then all over. 1 went into the re-
ception room of the Senate where Mr. Sumner
was. A number of gentlemen and Dr. Boyle
were present—Mr. Campbell among the rest. I
found that a number of his friends were with him.
I directed one of the pages of the Senate to stand
at the door leading into the reception room from
the Senate. Chamber to prevent intrusion. That
is all I know in relation to the matter. I was not
aware, before the occurrence took place, nor at
any time, of any intention to commit the assault.
I never had any conversation with any person,
and never heard anything in relation to the mat-
ter.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Do you know
anything as to the character of the wounds ?
Jlnswer. I know nothing at all about them. I
was absent the whole time.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Was the desk at
which Mr. Sumner usually sits in the Senate,
and at which he was sitting when this occurrence
took place, raised higher than the other desks
around it ?
Jlnswer. His seat in the Senate is raised higher
than those adjoining.
Question. How much was it raised ?
Jlnswer. I suppose two inches, or perhaps two
and a half inches.
Question. Would the fact of the raising of the
seat give more room, so as to make rising up
from it less difficult than if it were lower?
Jlnswer. That would-be my impression. From
Mr. Sumner's being rather long in the legs, the
seat, I presume, was raised to make it more
comfortable. I do not know that fact, however.
The desk was raised by blocks of wood under
the legs. I sat down in the seat myself since
this occurrence tonk place. I thmk Mr. Sumner
and 1 are about the same height. As I sat there
was something like three inches between my legs
and the bottom of the desk. He could not have
risen instantly without difficulty, but with the
slightest effort—the chair being set on rollers—he
could have pushed himself back.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) State how
that desk in particular was attached to the floor?
Jlnswer. The blocks were screwed to the floor.
Underneath the feet of the desk there was a plate
of iron extending over the feet, and all was
screwed down to the floor. Sometimes the screws
are pretty large, and sometimes they are not so
permanent.
Question. How many desks were overturned?
Jlnswer. When I came into the Senate there
were two. If there had been others, they had
been lifted up. I recollcct lifting these two up
myself.
Question. Whose desks were they '
Jlnswer Mr. Sumner's was one of them. The
other was Mr. Collamer's. Mr. Collamer's is in
front of Mr. Wilson's, and diagonally in front
of Mr. Sumner's on the main aisle.
Question. How much is the platform on which
the desk of Mr. Sumner was placed above those
in front?
Answer. I think about six inches. It was an
ordinary step.
Question. I should like to ask whether a man
of the size of Mr. Sumner could rise from his
desk without moving back ?
Answer. He probably could not rise directly
without inconvenience. I should think he could
not get up without moving; but with the least ef-
fort, his chair, being set on rollers, would go back.
James C. Marriott, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Do you know
anything of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been committed on Mr. Sumner
in the Senate Chamber by Mr.Brooks on the 22d
instant?
Answer. I know nothing in the world. I was
not present. I was in bed reading Mr. Sumner's
speech at the time the difficulty occurred.
Question. Did you hear any threat made ?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Did you know of any intention on
the part of anybody to assault him ?
Answer. No, sir; I did not.
Question. You were not informed by any per-
son, in any way, that there was to be afi attack?
Jlnswer. I was not. I heard the matter dis-
cussed by some gentlemen after the occurrence,
but no threats made before.
