1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
087
use of the Senate, a certain number of copies of
the Narrative of Dr. E. K. Kane's Expedition,
to be published by Messrs. Childs & Peterson,
of Philadelphia.
With the consent of the Senate, Mr. President,
I will submit a few remarks in explanation of
the motion which 1 have just made. It is gen-
erally known, sir, that Dr. E. K. Kane, of Phil-
adelphia, acting under the instructions of the
Navy Department, and supplied mainly through
the generous patronage of Mr. Grinnell, of New
York, left the United States, in May, 1853, as the
commander of an expedition bound to the Arctic
region, with the humane purpose of discovering,
if possible, the fate of Sir John Franklin ; and that
he returned safely in September last.
Though unsuccessful, so far as relates to the
fate of the English navigator, the expedition was
eminently fortunate in other things. Its opera- i
tions have developed new features in the physical
geography of the globe; and will contribute
toward the illustration of the principles of that
geography. They will extend the limits of
human knowledge, and lend additional interest
to the pages of American history; as they have
certainly already greatly widened the fame of
the brave and skillful man under whose auspices
they were produced, and excited tho gratitude of
the nation towards those generous men, Messrs.
Grinnell, ofNew York, and Peabody, of London,
who contributed so much to sustain the enter-
prise.
In a brief account of the expedition addressed
to the Secretary of the Navy, the Doctor has
summed up the principal features of his explora-
tions as follows:
1. The suivcy and delineation of the north eoast of Green-
land to us termination by a great glacier.
2. The survey of tins glacial inas s, and its extension north-
ward into the r.evv land named Washington.
3. The diieoveiy of a laige channol to the noithwest free
ftom lee, and loading into an open and expanding area
equally hee. The whole embraces an iceles>  area of four
thousand two hundred imh^.
4. Tho discovery and delineation of a laige tiact of land
forming the extension noithwaid or the Amencan continent.
5. The completed survey of tho Amencan coa^t to the
south and went a*  far as Cape Sabine, tbus connecting our
purvey with the la«t determined portion of Captain Ingie-
field,and completing the circuit of the btuuts and bay heie-
tofore known at their southernmost opening as Smith's
sound.
These vast, developments, it will be perceived,
Mr. President, are of great value, as furnishing
additional knowledge of the formation of the
globe, and as tending to a confirmation of recog-
nized theories in geography. They will most
certainly become a subject of peculiar interest in
the circles of the learned and scientific in all parts
of the world, if not of practical value to the navi-
gating nations.
As an evidence of the general interest the sub-
ject will evidently excite, it may be remarked,
that, although but a few months have elapsed
since the return of Dr. Kane, and but a brief
synopsis of the doings of the expedition lias been >
given to the public, the liveliest interest has al-
ready been excited m this country and in most of
Europe as to its great achievements. Indeed, sir, it
is an attractive topic. The feats of the most daring
on the field of battle are not better calculated to
touch the chords of tho American heart, and to
command general admiration, than the startling
discoveries and thrilling adventures incident to
the career of a daring navigator and explorer.
This feeling is peculiarly strong with an enterpris-
ing and progressive people. When in my own
State, a few days since, 1 met the most significant
proofs of popular interest in Kane's exploits.
Many were anxious to know when they were to
iiave the pleasure of reading a complete narrative;
nor is this desire confined to the learned and sci-
entific; I found it equally strong with the farmer,
mechanic, and laborer. Many testimonials of
appreciation have already reached the doctor at
nis quiet home at Philadelphia. The Royal Geo-
graphical Society of England, the highest au-
thority on a question of discovery, have already
adopted the doctor's chart as a new and relialjj$r
feature in geography; and have named the*area 1
of open water discovered by lnm, " Kane's open
Polar sea;" and have, by resolution, assigned to
him a front rank among Arctic explorers. They
have also in store for him, as I learn, a personal
compliment in the shape of a gold medal. ^ The
French Government, also, ever magnanimous
in its recognition of genius and courage, and
generous in its patronage of the arts and sciences,
has congratulated the doctor on his triumph.
The venerable Humboldt, a prince in the science
of geography, has expressed his delight with the
success of the young American.
The Legislature ofPennsylvania,Kane's native
State, by the resolutions which f have just pre-
sented, have expressed their gratification with the
results of the expedition, their high estimate of
their fellow-citizen who directed its movements,
and have thanked him for the honor his career
has conferred upon his native State, and com-
mended his services to the favorable notice of
Congress. The Legislature of New York, by
unanimous conscnt, have evinced their estimate
of tho expedition by presenting its louder with a
gold medal. Complimentary resolutions have .
also been passed by the Legislatures of Maryland"
and New Jersey. The New York Geographical
Society, and numerous other learned and scientific
associations in different parts of the world, have
already manifested special interest m the achieve-
ments of the Doctor. But the testimonial which
has made the deepest impression upon his feel-
ings, as I learned, is that which has conic from
Lady Franklin, m the shape of words of true
eloquence, thanking him for his heroic efforts in
behalf of her lost husband.
A complete history of the discoveries, adven-
tures, and thrilling incidents of the expedition—
the story of what was done and suffered by its
individual members—will compose a work of the
liveliest interest. The doctor's report to the
Secretary of the Navy is but a condensed sum-
mary of the results of the tour, and is quite in-
sufficient to gratify the public curiosity, or do
justice to the brave men who have suffered and
sacrificed so much. The Doctor, however, Mr.
President, I am glad to know, has prepared a full
narrative of the events of the expedition—properly
eliminating each feature, and has placed it m
the hands of Messrs. Childs & Peterson, of Phil-
adelphia, for publication. It will compose a work
of two volumes octavo, of about nine hundred
pages; is be to printed on the finest paper, and
bound in the most substantial manner, and be em-
bellished with three huxidred wood-cuts, twenty-
two steel engravings, and contain three maps of
the Arctic region. It is intended that this work
shall excel, not only in thrilling interest, but in
mechanical style—that it shall, at the same time,
reflect the daring genius and artistic skill of our
countrymen. It will be given to Congress at the
rate of five dollars per copy. A subscription to
this work, Mr. President, is perhaps the only
mode that Congress can adopt to obtain and dis-
seminate the information gained by the expedi-
tion. This much — this modest compliment —
should, Mr. President, in my poor opinion, be
granted, and that promptly, as a manifestation
of national esteem for this remarkable man.
The leader of this expedition is a constituent of
mine, and right proud am i to acknowledge the
relation; and peihaps this circumstance will
plead my apology for the solicitude I may man-
ifest on the subject. If any have supposed that
chance or accident has conferred upon Dr. Kane
his present greatness, I beg to say tlicy arc mis-
taken. tie was not born to gieatness, nor was
it thrust upon him; he has achieved it. It is the
work of his own genius—of his daring spirit
and safe judgment. He is beyond all question,
Mr. President, one of the most remarkable young
men of the present day. I say young, sir, for he
has not attained the age of thirty-five; though
measuring his days by the ideas Ins brain has
produced, and by what he has seen and suffered,
he might well be rated threescore and ten. Dis-
j tinguished alike for energy, industry, chivalry,
| virtue,and true benevolence, his great character-
! istics are beautifully reflected in his brief career.
Dr. Kane was first distinguished as surgeon
to the American Embassy to China. During his
absence on this expedition, he visited the Phil-
ippine Islands, made a tour of Greece, and trav-
ersed Egypt as far as the Uppei Nile, visiting all
the points of peculiar interest. He was afterwards
stationed on the coast of Africa, and manifested
wonderful skill and perseverance m his explora-
tions in that uncongenial elim.ite. At a subse-
quent date, as the bearer of dispatches from
President Polk to General Scott, in Mexico, he
( performed deeds of desperate daring, demanded
| by his hazardous position, which would have
been worthy of a Putnam or a Wayne. "Though
under thirty-five years of age,*' says Dr. Elder,
"he has more than circumnavigated the globe;
he has visited and traversed India, Africa, Europe,
South America, the islands of the Pacific, and
has penetrated the Arctic region to the highest
latitude attained by civilized man," encountering
in turn the extremest perils of sea and land, ana
performing the severest duties of the soldier and
seaman. In 1850 he distinguished himself as
surgeon, historian, and naturalist; to the first ex-
pedition sent out for the reliefof Sir John Franklin.
It was the qualities displayed on this occasion
that pointed him out as a fit man for the com-
mand of the second, and more fortunate, expedi-
tion.
He had been preceded in the Arctic regions by
Sebastian Cabot, about the year 1496, and at later
dates by Parry,Richardson, McClure, and others;
but the most daringand skillful of these navigators
stopped far short of the attainments of Dr. Kane.
Catching up the spirit of heroic enterprise in the
latitude where the most intrepid of his prede-
cessors had laid it down, he extended his obser-
vations to the latitude of 820 22', being four
degrees above the highest point where the light of
heaven had previously shone upon the face of
civilized man. He made a survey of the coast
of Greenland, and distinguished the space be-
tween latitude 80° and 810, as Washington Land;
the open space of water in the same latitude he
has marked " Kennedy Channel;" and the area
of water next above, " Constitution Bay." He
discovered a large northwest channel, free from
ice, and leading into an open polar sea, which
spreads out over an area of four thousand two
hundred miles, and extending southward to lati-
tude 830 £•>'. This latter point, the highest
attained, the doctor has marked Mount Parry, in
honor of the distinguished navigator of that name.
Estimate these explorations as we may, Mr.
President, in point of practical usefulness, there
is something flattering in the fact, that what Se-
bastian Cabot had attempted three hundred and
fifty years ago, our countryman, Dr. Kane, has
achieved. He did discover a northwest passage
and a Polar sea. Nor was this accomplished by
accident or good fortune. It was reached through
trials and sufferings and eminent hazard of life,
and the exercise of the highest degree of philos-
ophy and moral courage. Imagine,if you please,
sir, a small band of hardy adventurers, only eigh-
teen in number, clothed in skins and furs, tented
in that icy region for two dreary years, shut out
from the comforts of civilization, and for six
months, atone time, from the light of heaven, sur-
rounded by impenetrable darkness. Think of
tho condition of their ice-bound vessels in latitude
78°, constituting their only home and shelter, from
which they sallied forth to survey the coasts—to
take sketches of the surrounding scenery; day
after day, and month after month, they continued
to go forth arid return to this silent home. For
hundreds and hundreds of miles they traversed
that desert region of snow and ice, where the foot-
prints of civilized man had never before been left.
Then, again, when they had triumphed mainly in
their enterprise, and the want of sustenance and
health demanded a retreat, contemplate their de-
parture from their ice-bound ship, and witness
them with dogs and sledges, for the space of
eighty-two days, struggling over a cheerless and
rugged country, suffering constantly from the in-
tense severity of the climate.
About this time it was, sir, that within the
Halls of Congress was heard the voice of benev-
olence, pleading in eloquent tones for relief for
those gallant men—relief for Dr. Kane, who, it
was feared, would perish in his daring efforts to
relieve John Franklin. To that voice the response
was prompt. Men who have done and suffered
so much deserve the gratitude of their country.
Cut, Mr. President, I am for a proper notice
of the expedition in view of the salutary influ-
ence the act would evidently exercise. It is such
public recognition of great qualities that begets
a proper spirit of emulation amongst the gifted
anil the good—that develops the genius and the
patriotism of our people. And have we not, on
this idea, times without number, sir, compli-
mented those who have distinguished themselves
in battle, or even in the councils of the nation?
Have we not extended to such the bounty of the
country, and given perpetuity to their fame by
