1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
estimates, &c., for a new bridge across the Poto-
mac.
Thirty-fourth amendment,appropriating$6,000
for repairing, extending, &c., the Government
green-house.
Thirty-fifth amendment, reducing appropria-
tion ftoni §15,000 to $3,000 for improvement of
grounds south of President's house.
Thirty-sixth amendment, providing for selec-
tion of a site,&c., for a new jail in Washington.
Thirty-seventh amendment, increasing appro-
priation from $5,000 to $75,000 for continuing
construction of Little Falls bridge.
Forty-first amendment, appropriating §119,300 j
for constructing a powder magazine at San Fran-
CISCO. I
Forty-second amendment, appropriating§7,000 !
for continuing extra clerk hire in the office of In-1
dian Affairs. i
Forty-fifth amendment, appropriating §178,128 :
for additional compensation and mileage of Sen- !
ators. ;
Forty-eighth amendment, which appropriates i
$100,000 for the purchase of three stores at the !
Atlantic dock, New York. '
Forty-ninth amendment, providing for the pay '
of commissioner under the treaty with Great !
Britain of June 5, 1854. :j
Fiftieth amendment, providing for extra cler- !
ical services, &c., in the offices of registers and ;|
receivers of the public land offices. !|
Fifty-third amendment, increasing the number ||
of examiners and assistant examiners in the i!
Patent Office.
Fifty-fourth amendment, providing for arrear- l|
ages of pay of examiners and assistant examiners j|
m the Patent Office. ;j
Fifty-eighth amendment, providing for com- !!
pensaiion to the clerk of the circuit and district ,|
Courts of the southern district of Illinois, for
certain extra services. j!
Fifty-ninth amendment, providing additional '
pay to the commissioners for settling private ]'
land claims in California. j-
Sixtieth amendment, providing for ascertaining i;
the numljet of Clieiokees, east of the Mississippi, i
that were omitted m the census taken by D. W,
Si!-:!', ;n 1851. ij
Sixty-Second amendment, increasing compen- [!
satiun of the chaplain of the United States Pen- ii
itentiary. :!
Sixty-fourth amendment, appropriating 52,000 n
for a special examiner of drugs, &c., at San Fran- jj
CISCO. i|
Sixty-fifth amendment, for constructing a build- >
ing at Portsmouth, Aew Hampshire, for custom- i
house, post office, and United States court-rooms,
not to exceed v,rfri,000. j
Sixty-sixth amendment, appropriating $99,000 j
for same purpose above, at Nashville, Ten-,,
nc<??re.
Sixry -seventh amendment,which appropriates ji
$50,UU0 for same purpose as above, at Ogdens- jf
burg, New York. !|
Sixty-eighth amendment, which appropriates
SoOjOuO for same purpose as above, at George-
io\\n, District of Columbia.
Sixtv-mnth amendment, appropriating $88,000
for same purpose as above, at Dubuque, Iowa.
Seventieth amendment, appropriating $88,000
for same purpose as above, at Knoxville, Ten-
nessee.
Seventy-first amendment, which appropriates
£30,000 for same purpose as above, at (J-alena,
Illinois.
Seventy-second amendment, which appropri-
ates 5v>U,UU0 for court-house and post office at
Spnn^iii'ld, Illinois.
S« \rniy-thnd amendment, which appropriates
$*23,OOU for court-house and post office at Wind-
sor, Vermont.
Seventy-fourth amendment, a pioviso that no
moiu'y shall be expended under the act for the
< n ction of a cusnmi-house where the duties col-
lected do not equal the expense of collection.
Seventy-fifth amendment, containing restric-
tions upon the expenditure of the above sums of
money for erection of eu>tom-houses,post offices,
and court-rooms.
Seventy-sixth amendment, which appropriates
^19,500 for enlarging the building tor custom-
house and post office at Sandusky, Ohio; and
Seventy-seventh amendment, which appropri-
ates $8,000 for the construction of a building for
22$9
the accommodation of the United States district
court for the southern district of Florida.
The committee of conference submit this report
to the House, and I move that the House concur
in the report. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PRINGLE called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barclay,
Benson, Rilhughurat, Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Broom, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clinginan, Coming,
Crajrin, Cullen, Henry YVmter Davis, Timothy Davis, Den-
ver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd. Durfee, JBdniundson, Edwards,
Ethcndge, Eustis, Evan^, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Ful-
ler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Giow, Robert B.
Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Herbert, Hickman. Hoffman, Thomas R. Horton, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Howard, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight,
Kunkel, Lake, Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
Maxwell, Killiu.ii Miller, Millward, Moore, Morrill, Mott,
Nichols, Parker, Pearee, Peck, Pelton, Pike, Porter, Pur-
year, Q,uitman, Ready, Ricaud. Ritchie, Rivers, Roberts,
ltobison, Sage, fscott, Seward, Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
VVilham R. Smith, tinced, Spmner, Stephens, Stewart.
Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodworth, and Zoilicoffer—
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barbour, Barksdale, flenrv Ben-
nett, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocoek, Boyce, Bianch,"Bren-
ton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Clawson,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode,
Cumback. DamreU, Davidson, Dean, Dowdell, Edie, Elliott,
Emne, Faulkner. Flagler, GalJoway, Gilbert, Goode, Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hollovvay, Houston,
Hujrhston, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones; Kelsey, Kid-
weli. Knowlton, Knox, Letter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace,
Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, McMulhn, McCAueen, Mor-
can. Muriay, Andrew Oliver, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Phelps, Powell, Prmgle, Kuffm, Rust, Sandidge, Sapp,
Savage. Shorter, Simmons, Stanton, Taylor, Tnppe, Un-
derwood, Walbridge, Waldron, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Wheeler, Winslow, Woodruff^ arid John V. Wright—79.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the
relief of Thomas H. Baird; and an act to author-
ize the-circuit court of the District of Columbia
to decree the sale of real estate in certain cases;
when the Speaker signed the same.
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR IN BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to submit a^question relating to past business of
the House on the report of the committee of con-
ference on the pait of the House m reference to
the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Army. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] moved that a second committee of
conference be appointed, and that the committee
be instructed to report that the House receded
from its amendment to the Senate amendment.
The vote of the House on that motion was stated
to have been 97 m the affirmative and 98 in the
negative. On a revision of the Journal itappears j
that the vote of the House was 98 in the affirm- :
ative and 98 m the negative—thus throwing on j
the Chair the responsibility of a casting vote. ;
The question is thus restored before the House; i
and the Chair votes in the negative. The noes j
have it; and the motion is not agreed to. ;
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. j
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House :
that the Senate insisted on us disagreement to !
the amendments of the Iluu&e to the Army ap- \
propiiation bill, and had appointed another com- ;
mittee of conference. ;
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. j
A message was received from the President of i
the United States, notifying the Houses that he j
had approved and signed bills of the following J
titles, viz: _ j
An act making appropriations for the legisla- }
live, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov- j
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1857; '
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1857;
An act making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail, by ocean steam-
ers and otherwise, during the fiscal year endiner
the 30th of June, 1857; and
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, presented the fol-
lowing report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing vote of the two Houses, on
House bill (No. 153) making appropriations for
the support of the Armyt
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote of
the two Houses on bill (No. 153) making appropriations for
the support of the Army tor the year ending- 30th June,
1857, having met, and alter full and free conference having
been unable to agree on (he disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment
of the Senate, which m effect proposes to insert on the
original bill as follows :
Provided) however, and it is hereby declared, that no por-
tion of the military force of the United States for the ser-
vice of which appropriations are made by this act, shall
be employed in aid of the enforcement of any enactment
of a body claiming to be the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, until such enactment shalfhave been affirmed and
approved by Congress; but this proviso shall not be so con
fetrued as to prevent the President from employing an ade-
quate miluaiy force, but it shall be his duty to "employ such
foice to prevent the invasion of said Territory by symed
bands of non-residents, or any other body of non-residents
acting, oi claiming to act, as a posie com itatits of any officer
in >aid Territory, in the enforcement of any such enact-
ment, and to protect persons and property therein, and on
national highways leadingto said Territory, from all unlaw-
ful searches and seizures. And it shall be his further duty
to take efficient measures to compel the return of and with-
hold all arm<j of the United States'di&tnbuted m or to said
Territory, in pursuance of any law of the (Jmted States,
authorizing the distribution of arms to the States and Ter-
ritories,—ask to be discharged.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed a bill of this House for
the relief of William Humphreys, Jr., owner of
the fishing schooner Good Exchange, lost at sea.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Senate have
asked of the House another conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
amendment just reported. The committee of
conference, last appointed, were unable to agree,
unless we would, at least by implication, ac-
knowledge the validity of the laws enacted by
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, assembled
at Shawnee Mission.
Mr. ORR. I think the gentleman is mistaken.
It was proposed to say nothing upon the subject
of the validity of those laws.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from
South Carolina and I should, perhaps, be unable
to agree as to what was the effect of the propo-
sition made. It was proposed that there should
be a recital of the laws of 1795 and of 1807, which,
unless the proposition was stated in the negative,
would, by implication, have the elfect of acknowl-
edging the validity of those laws. I will not
launch the House into a discussion of the sub-
ject; but for the purpose of bringing us at once
to a vote, I move that the House do further
insist, and accede to the request of the Senate
by appointing another committee of conference;
and I demand the*previous question.
The message from the Senate, announcing that
the Senate had insisted on their disagreement,
had asked another conference,and had appointed "
Messrs. Cass, Crittenden, and Benjamin, as
such committee on their part, was taken up and
lead.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to submit a motion to recede,
so that we may have a test vote at once.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let the vote upon my
motion be made a test one.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Very well; let the
vote be considered a test.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire whether, if the
demand for the previous question be voted down,
it will not then be in order to move that the House
recede;
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will that motion
not carry the bill with it:
