1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr. But let.
Senate.
liable. I will give you an incident to show the n
difference between the taunting injustice and ma-
lignity which prevail now, and the chivalry which
prevailed then. When thev came to the terms
of capitulation, Lincoln, witli the proud spirit of
a military man, insisted that he should leave
Charleston beating the American march, with his
colors unfolded, his flag furled. Clinton told him,
" No, sir; we have reduced you to our own terms, !
and we intend to degrade you; you are rebels, and j!
deserve none of these honors at our hands." i
When Yorktown was taken, who was delegated j
to prescribe the terms of capitulation? John
Laurens, of whom it has been said that a daring
courage was the least of his accomplishments,
and an excess of it his greatest fault. When Lau-
rens was called upon by General Washington,
who behaved on that occasion with a delicacy and
propriety which history and poetry ought to com-
memorate, he told Laurens, " Sir, as your city
surrendered to Clinton, I delegate to you the au-
thority to prescribe the terms on which this sur-
render shall be made." Cornwallis said to him,
"These are hard terms to require us to go out
with folded colors, and to beat the Turk's march,
a neutral march." Laurens said, "There shall
not be a dot of an i or a cross of a t in the terms
of capitulation at Yorktown which was not ob- j
served at Charleston." To make it more delicate
to Lincoln, on whom the shade of censure had
somewhat passed for his conduct at the siege of
Charleston, Laurens said that it was proper to
select Lincoln to receive the sword from Corn-
wallis, as he had surrendered the sword to Clinton.
You will see him in the foreground of the picture
in the Rotunda. There was chivalry, sir—a chiv-
alry peculiar to the days in which it was exhib-
ited. Is such conduct as that to be under the
censure of a rhetorical fabricator at this day? It
is hard to bear—it is unjust in itself.
Now, sir, I have done with these topics. I
have not vindicated the history of South Caro-
lina. I ask the Senate to bear me testimony,
that I have not gone into this matter with a view
to vindicate her. She does not need it. Adopt-
ing the language of Daniel Webster, I may say:
" There is South Carolina; there she stands; she
speaks for herself; she needs no eulogy;" she
cannot be injured by the detraction of one who is
under an influence not ofjustice, truth, or honor.
Having finished with these thrusts at the con-
stitution of South Carolina, and at her history and
character, I come now to another matter in relation
to myself. He says that I have such a proclivity
to error in my statistics, that I have as many
words of error as I utter. What a wholesale as-
sertion is that! Strange to say, I resorted to no
statistics at all on the occasion to which he alluded.
When I interrupted the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] I had on my table returns
from the Charleston custom-house. I alluded to
them in general terms, to prove what he cannot
dispute—that the slave trade was carried on in
northern, and English, and Scotch vessels; that
the profits of it red ounded to them; and that, when
the slave trade was opened, it gave them the reg-
ulation of commerce. The venerable grandfather
of my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in the
Convention, had inserted into the Constitution
a provision that a two-thirds vote of Congress
should be necessary for the passage of any meas-
ure to regulate commerce.
I say here, that for South Carolina and Georgia
it was a short-sighted policy when they gave up
the regulation of commerce to the navigation in-
terest, in consideration of their having the slave
trade remain open until 1808, with the certainty
before them that New England mainly gained the
profits of that trade. If the sin of the slave trade
is to be imputed to anybody, let it be imputed to
the hand that took the child from under the tree,
separated it from its mother in Africa, and brought
it to this country under circumstances that, I con-
fess now, are shocking. If I were to dwell on
some of the circumstances of that slave trade, as
1 have heard them from Africans, and believe th em
to be true, they would shock the Senate. The
slave trade threw its profits into New England.
As a friend of mine from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] said in the other House, if New England
will to-day come back and return all the money
■he has got out of the slave trade, we will strike
a balance with her and let her buy them; but she
would not take them. This time, when the con-
dition of the slave is better than it ever was at
any other, is the very occasion when they are
making war upon the institution. It is the com-
mon practice in my district—1 cannot answer be-
yond my neighbors—to give the laboring hands
three and a half pounds of good bacon every
week, and as much bread as they can eat. It is
the interest of their owners to clothe them. They
are a happy, contented, intelligent, and reformed
people.
But, sir, the Senator undertakes to say that,
because I have advocated here the constitutional
rights of the South and the equality of these
States, I subjected myself to an imputation which
I shall not read myself. It bears his own handi-
work. Mr. Secretary, I beg your pardon for
asking you to read such a thing as this, but it is
your duty, not mine.
The Secretary read the following extract from
Mr. Sumner's speech of May 19:
" But, before entering upon the argument, I must say
something of a general character, particularly in response
to what lias fallen from Senators who have raised them-
selves to eminence on this floor in championship of human
wrongs; I mean the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,J and the Senator from Illinois, fMr. Douglas,]
who, though unlike as Don Quixote and Sancho Panza,
yet, like this couple, sally forth together in the same ad-
venture. I regret much to miss the elder Senator from his
seat; but the cause, against which he has run a tilt, with
such activity of animosity, demands-that the opportunity of
exposing him should not be lost; and it is for the cause
that 1 speak. The Senator from South Carolina has read
many books of chivalry, and believes himself a chivalrous
knight, with sentiments of honor and courage. Of course
he has chosen a mistress to whom he has made his vows,
and who, though ugly to others, is always lovely to him;
though polluted in the sight of the world, is chaste in his
sight—I mean the harlot Slavery. For her, his tongue is
always profuse in words. Let her be impeached in char-
acter, or any proposition made to shut her out from the ex-
tension of her wantonness, and no extravagance of manner
or hardihood of assertion is then too great for this Senator.
The frenzy of Don Quixote, in behalf of his wench Dul-
cinea del Toboso, is all surpassed. The asserted rights of
Slavery, which shock equality of all kinds, are cloaked by
a fantastic claim of equality. If the slave States cannot
enjoy what, in mockery of the great fathers of the Republic,
he misnames equality under the Constitution—in other
words, the full power in the National Territories to compel
fellow-men to unpaid toil, to separate husband aad wife,
and to sell little children at the auction block—then, sir,
the chivalric Senator will conduct the State of South Car-
olina out of the Union! Heroic knight! Exalted Senator!
A second Moses come for a second exodus!
" But not content with this poor menace, which we have
been twice told was' measured,' the Senator, in the unre-
strained chivalry of his nature, has undertaken to apply
opprobrious words to those who differ from him on this
ffoor. He calls them ' sectional and fanaticaland oppo-
sition to the usurpation in Kansas, he denounces as ' an
uncalculating fanaticism.' To be sure, these charges lack
all grace of originality, and all sentiment of truth; but the
adventurous Senator does not hesitate. He is the uncom-
promising, unblushing representative on this floor of a
flagrant sectionalism, which now domineers over the Repub-
lic, and yet with a ludicrous ignorance of his own position
—unable to see himself as others see him—or with an
effrontery which even his white head ought not to protect
from rebuke, he applies to those here who resist his section-
alism the very epithet which designates himself. The men
who strive to bring back the Government to its original
policy, when Freedom and not Slavery was national while
Slavery and not Freedom was sectional, he arraigns as
sectional. This will not do. It involves too great a per-
version of terms. I tell that Senator, that it is to himself,
and to the ' organization' of which he is the ' committed
advocate,' that this epithet belongs. I now fasten it upon
them. For myself, I care little for names; but since the
question has been raised here, I affirm that the Republican
party of the Union is in no just sense sectional, ,but, more
than any other party, national; and that it now goes forth
to dislodge from the high places of the Government the
tyrannical sectionalism of which the Senator from South
Carolina is one of the maddest zealots."
Mr. BUTLER. Now,Mr. President, how any
man, who has not been excluded from society,
could use such an illustration on this floor, I
know not. I do not see how any man could
obtain the consent of his own conscience to rise
in the presence of a gallery of ladies and give to
slavery the personification of a " mistress," and
say that I loved her because she was a " harlot."
I beg pardon for repeating it. What in the name
of justice and decency could have ever led that
man to use such language ? That is the language
of Cleon. It is a somewhat remarkable thing,
that in the speech which I delivered here in reply
to the Senator from New Hampshire, I used the
word " slavery" but in one paragraph, and that
was in response to a remark of This speaking of
the Supreme Court as the citadel of slavery. I
rebuked him. I said I would rather regard that
court as the defender or as the promontory of the
Constitution; and that he was at too great a
distance ever to reach it by any arrow wnich he
could discharge from his bow. Sectionalism was
not in the speech itself. When I spoke of indi-
viduals in a particular section, I did not speak in
terms which would imply or convey the idea that
I meant the public of the slaveholding and non-
slaveholding States. I confined it to that section
who gre suffering at this time, I hope to a limited
extent, and who are burning their fires until they
will be reduced to the caustic ashes of disappoint-
ment and disgrace. I did not speak of sectionalism
in any other point of view. Sir, there are men on
this floor who I believe honestly differ from me.
I would not make any personal allusion to them.
Far from widening this controversy, the object of
my speech was to appease public sentiment. In
the course of it I ventured to say, what I had
never said before, that the man does not live
who could look without concern at the conse-
quences of a separation of these States effected
in blood. I remarked that I would not say there
was not intelligence enough ultimately to form
new governments and make them a union of con-
federacies. Sir, in that speech I attempted to
throw oil upon the troubled waters. My friends
in some measure blamed me for the tone of my
remarks. The so-called reply was already in the
sap, the poisonous sap behind, and the Senator
had to use his speech as a conduit to pour it out
on me and on the country, when he had less oc-
casion than was presented by any speech which
I ever before made. Anybody who says we are
incapable of preserving free institutions, I should
be inclined to consider a slanderer on free insti-
tutions; but I will never agree to live in any Gov-
ernment that has not some operative and enforci-
ble provisions of a constitution to preserve my
rights. If the Government were as it formerly
was, South Carolina and Massachusetts having
a common interest, do you think the Senator
could arise as an adversary to be applauded by
his people ? There was a time, sir, when his peo-
ple would have disgraced him forthat very speech.
At this day, I do not say they will acqujt my
kinsman; I dare say they will not; but the time is
coming when there will be but 6ne opinion—that
that is the most mischievous speech which has
ever been delivered in this country, and has in-
volved more innocent persons. If the contest
goes on upon such issues as it makes, blood must
follow. I do not look on any such scenes with
pleasure. I have not temper for them, though
when a young man I might, perhaps, not have
been indisposed to embark in the hazards of con-
tests.
Whilst upon this point, I may remark that
Josiah Q,uincy, for wnom I have heretofore had
a great respect, says the Senator has not gone a
hair's breadth beyond the line of dutv and truth.
After my explanations here I hardly think he will
say so. He is the only man of high respectabil-
ity whom I have yet seen or heard make such a
declaration. He made it, too, with a reproach
that 1 was sorry to see escape from such a man.
He said, alluding to the fracas in the Senate-
house, not in the Senate, that it is only a part of
that tribe who carry bowie-knives and revolvers.
Sir, I never wore a secret weapon in my life. I
am not going to discuss the fact that I have used
open weapons; and that is the only way I choose
to deal, but that is not the way we can get them
to deal with us.
Unfortunately, I have had scenes of that kind
which I have regretted all my life to some extent.
I am mortified to hear such a man as duincy
making a charge upon a whole section, when I
question if there is a southern man in this House
with a pistol or bowie-knife in his pocket. He
has gone out of the way gratuitously to say that
we are of a " breed" who wear them as part of
our dress. I am sorry to see such things creep-
ing into the public mind. They mortify me;
they annoy me.
But now I come to the resolutions of Massa-
chusetts. I ask that they be read.
The Secretary read them as follows:
commonwealth or massachusetts. In the year 1856.
Resolves concerning the recent assault upon the Hon.
Charles Sumner, at Washington.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the CommonSmaUk of Massachusetts, That we have received
