1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Thursday, May 29,1856.
The committee met pursuant to adjournment,
and immediately took a recess until two o'clock,
p. m.
The committee again metat two o'clock,p. m.
All the members present..
A message from the Senate relative to the sub-
ject-matter before the committee was transmitted
"by the Clerk of the House, the same having been
referred by the House to the committee.
• On motion of Mr. Cobb, it was
Ordered, That the said menage and accompanying doc-
uments be spread upon the journal of the committee.
They are as follows:
"In «ie Senate op the United States,
May 28, 185G.
" The select committee appointed to inquire
into the circumstances attending the assault com-
mitted upon the person of the Hon. Charles
Sumner, a member of the Senate, report:
" That from the testimony taken by them it
appears that the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a
member of the House of Representatives from
the State of South Carolina, did, on the 22(1 day
of the present month, after the adjournment of
the Senate, and while Mr. Sumner was seated at
his desk in the Senate Chamber,assault him wiih
considerable violence, striking linn numerous
blows on and about the head with a walking
stick, which cut his head, and disabled hmj for
the time boin^ from attending to Ins duiics m die
Senate. The cause of this assault was certain
language used bv Mr. Sumner m debate, on the
Monday and luesday preceding, which Mr.
Brooks considered libelous of the Stale of South
Carolina, and slanderous of his near kinsman,
Mr. Butler, aSenator from that State, who at the
time was absent from the Senate and the city.
" The committee forbear to comment upon the
various circumstances which pieceded and at-
tended this affair, whether of aggravation or exten-
uation, for reasons which will be suilicU'iitly ob-
vious ill the latter part of the report.
" They have examined the precedents which are
to be fouud only in the proceedings of the 1 louse
of Representatnes, !he Senate never having been
called on to pronounce Ks judgment in a similar
case. In the House of Re'piesenlatives, tJiou^Ii
dilleieut opinions have, at various times, been
expressed by peiulemen of great emmene e and :
ability, among whom may be mentioned the late I
President of Ihe United States, Mr. Polk, tb- late I
Judge Barbour, of the Supreme Court, and Air. |
Beardsley, of New York, yet the judgment of j
the Mouse has always pronounced an assault
upon a mumber for words spoken m debate to be
a violation ofthe prh ilexes of the House.
'■'11 e eomiaiUee do not eoamder it necessary
to discuss the question at leit^ili, bat proceed to
state some ol the pret-edi lits, not confining tin in, I
however, to (lie case of assault upon menib"rs. [
" in March, 17'JG, Mr. l^;ddwin, a no'inber of
the House oi Ilepresentatives, presented to the
House cot tain correspondence between himself
and General Gium, a Senator from the State of j
Georgia, including a challenge addressed to him j
by General (iunn. These wie referied toa com- 1
mittee of which Mr. Madison was chairman, j
who reported by their chaiunan Ihat the same
was a broach of the privilege ofthe IIou^c on the
part of General Guun, and of Mr. W'-hnghuy- ■
sen, a Senator fiom New Jersey, by whom the !
challenge had been borne. !
" In May, 1 {<■>£, a personal assault having been |
made by Mr. Russell Jarvis upon Mr. John |
Adams, the Private Secietary of the President, >
just alter his delivering a message to the House '
of Representatives, and while on his way to the |
eate another message, the matter was oil .
complaint of the President, referred to a select !
committee. A majority of the committee, by !
Mr. McDuffie, ol South Carolina, their chair- i
man, reported that— !
" ■ t'pon a view of all the rircuiiMancea, the committee '
are of opinion tmit the assault committed bv Mi. Jaw,s '
j,pun th.- i ijv.uc; beerotan ofthe Ihe.ideut, whatcvei ,„,iV !
.lavi- lie,-, tile cause. r,f provol. mon a<-t j (
contempt ol the ami,only ami d.smtv of this, Hoiw. mvolv- !
iiik not only violation 01 n> own peruhai privilege* hat 1
of the immunity winch it is hound opuU t very p'mcinic to '
guaranty to the per,'.on selected by the President as the
organ of hif official communications to Congress. It is of '
- the utmost importance thcuthe official mteicourse betwe°u !
the President and the legislative department should not be
liable fo interruption. The piocecdmjrs of Congress could
riot be more effectually arrested by preventing the members
of either Houpg 1'iom going to the Hull of their deliberations,
than they iui?ht be by preventing the President from making
official communications, es&cniially connected with the
legislation of the country.' * * * 'The power
in question grows out of the great law of self-preservation,
ft is, no doubt, very liable to abuse, and ought always to
lie exercised with great moderation, fn its very natuie, it
is not susecptiblc either of precise definition or precise
limitation. Each particular instance of its exercise must
be adapted to the emergency which calls for it. While,
theiefore, the committee deem it a matter of gieat import-
ance to maintain the existence of this power a« an essen-
tial means of vindicating the dignity and privileges of the
House, they are clearly of the opinion that it ought never
to be e.veici&ed except in cases oi'strong necessity, and that
the punishment inflicted ur>tier it ought never to bo earned
Juiiber than shall be absolutely and imperatively lequired
by the existing emergency.'
"In 1832, the House of Representatives, after
a long trial and thorough discussion of the ques-
tion, voted that General Houston, by making a
personal assault on Mr. Stanbery, a member of
the House, for words spoken in debate, was
guilty of a. contempt and violation of the privileges
of the House.
" The committee acknowledge the force of these
precedents, and adopt the reasoning quoted from
Mr. McDuiFie's report; but, while it is the opinion
of the committee that this assault was a'breach
of the privilem's of the Senate, they also think
that it is not within the jurisdiction of the Senate,
and can only be punished by the House of Rep-
resentatives, of which Mr. Brooks is a member.
This opinion is in strict conformity with the rec-
ognized parliamentary Jaw. Hatsell, in his Pre-
cedents, says as follows:
u 1 The Uvuling pumnple which appears to pej wide all the
pioceediti<r- ot the two IIoum-s of J\uliament isjh.it tilde
shall Mibsi-t a pcrleet equality with respect to each other;
.uid tli.it tlieyMiall he, m eveiy ic-peet, totally independent
one ol the othfi From hence it is thai neither llou-e e.m
claim, much !e-^ exeicise, uutlhmty ovei a member of the
oiher; hut, it tlieie is any giound of eompiamt against an
ui't of the llnn-c itseli', ug.ini.-t any individual nuiabei, or
a;;ain^t any ot the officers ot either House, tins complaint
ought to be made to that Uouso of L'aihamcnt wheie tiie
otlei>M> is ehaiyed to he committed ; and the natuie and
mode of tedre«.«: or puni-dimem, if punishment i< neeessMiy,
urn-! be doteunuied upon and inflicted by the m. Indeed,
,] any other pioeeedmir would soon introduce disorder and
j eoiiiii-ioii, .i< n appi-.u,. actually to have done in those m-
,1 stanei - uhcte boih Houses, (laimmir a power independent
i! of < , eh oili''!, li.ne eviewd tij.u power upon the same
, but w ith (hih t< lit \lews and eonnaiy rnunose.'
[—•Albif sc//, 1)7.
] kk • W'v M><', from the <-evei;tI precedents above cited, that
! neiih''t IIoiim' oi Pailiaiuent can lak(Mipon tliem-elve- any
1 i>i(\K h of pnvifef/e oth'jI'd to them by any membej oi' ihe
■ oiliei JIous<;, but iii.it in Mich cases the u-ual mode of pio-
j eeednig h to examine into the fact, and then to lay a statc-
; meiu <>i that e\ nit lice heioie (he I!ou-c of which the per-
1 son complained ot is a member."—I/ml ,71.
; " Mr. Jofterson, in theManual of X'arliamentary
i Pmctice, prepared by hnn,Iays down the follow-
! mg rule:
j <l \cijhci Iloiisrran evejeise .my authontv over a nicm-
1 hci <) i ofheer of the ol hi i. but should complain to the Hoi we
: of which he is a member, and leave the punishment to
i them 1
! <£ \ l>rief examination of the constitutional
' privde« ;i's of Senators and Representatives will
show the soundness of this rule of parliamentary
' law.
i " The Constitution provides, ai ticle 1st, section
i 6th, tliat 4 They shall, in all eases except trea-
son , felony,and breach of the peace,*bo privileged
, fiom arrest during their attendance at the session
| of their respective Houses, in going to and re-
! turning1 from the same.' Kut the Senate is not n
court of criminal judicature, empowered to try
the excepted oilcnses, and cannot take cognizance
, of a breach of the pence, as such. Jt cannot take
; any notice of the assault except as a breach of
, its privileges, and in this aspect it is not one of
, the cases in which the piivilege from arrest is
j excepted.
! J1 The Senate, therefore, for a breach of its
| privileges, cannot arrest a member of the House
i of Representatives, and, a fortiori, cannot try and
; punish him. That authority devolves solely upon
' the House of which he is a member.
j 56 it is the opinion of the committee, there-
[ fore, that, the Senate cannot proceed further in
; the piesent case than to make complaint to the
i House of Representatives of the assault com-
mitted by one of its members, the Hon. Preston
S. Brooks, upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, a
Senator from the State of Massachusetts.
" The committee submit herewith certain affi-
davits taken by them in the case and the follow-
ing resolution:
(i 'Resolved^ That the above report be accepted, and thata
copy thereof, and the affidavits accompanying the same, be
transmitted to the House of Representatives.9
ii Question to Colonel Nicholson. Will you state
to the committee whether you witnessed the
recent assault upon Mr. Sumner; and if you did,
state all the particulars ?
" On Thursday last, the 22d of May instant, a
few moments after the adjournment of the Senate,
I retired, as usual, to my desk in one of the offices
of the Secretary of thp Senate. After the lapse
of a brief period I returned to the Senate Chnm-
ber to request the assistant door-keeper (Mr.
Holland, to have a piece of money changed for
me. After seeking the door-keeper and commu-
nicating my wish to him, I was walking down
the main aisle of the Chamber, when I observed
the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, sitting
at the desk of Senator Pratt. I saluted him,
' How is Colonel Brooks to-day V He responded,
'Well, I thank you;' and beckoning to me, he
added,i Comehere, Nicholson.' l advanced,and
placed myself in Senator Bayard's chair, near
which, on my right, Major Emory, of the United
States Army, was standing, and with whom I
had been conversing a few minutes before. Col-
onel Brooks remarked to me,m his usual tone of
voice, and without the slightest show of inqui-
etude, 'Do you see that lady in the lobby?'
Turning around, and observing a lady sitting on
the lounge at a short distance from us, I said,
1 Yes.' Colonel Brooks said,{ She has been there
for some time; what does she want? Can't you
manage to get her out?' Thinking that Colonel
Brooks was only indulging a momentary whim,
I jocosely replied, 4 No; that would be ungallant;
besides, she is very pretty,' Colonel Brooks,
tuniingiound,and looking at the lady, said,' Yes,
she is pretty, but I wish she would ^o.'
"At this moment the changed money was
brought to me by one of the pages, and almost
at the same moment Major Emory inquired,
6 Who was that gentleman you were conversing
with ?' I had scarcely said, 4 Colonel Brooks, of
South Carolina, a very clever fellow,' when, ob-
serving Colonel Brooks advancing in front of and
towards, as though about to speak to Senator
Sumnei, who was sitting at his desk, apparently
engaged in writing, or with papers before him,
I cannot be positive which, I involuntarily at-
tempted to call Major Emory's attention to the
fact, for I was much surprised to see a South
Carolina Representative in the act of approaching
to speak to Senator Sumner, after the spcech de-
livered by the latter the two previous days but
one_ in the Senate. But before I could attract
Major Emory's attention, or express surprise,
I saw Colonel Brooks lean on and over the desk
of Senator Sumner, and seemingly say something
to him, and instantly, and while Senator Sumner
was in the act of rising, Colonel Brooks struck
him over the head with a dark-colored walking
cane, which blow lie repeated twice or three times,
and with rapidity. I think several blows had
been inflicted before Senator Sumner was fully
in possession of his locomotion, and extricated
from his desk, which was thrown over or broken
from its fastenings by the efforts of the Senator
to extricate himself. As sooiuts Senator Sumner
was free from the desk, he moved down the
narrow passage-way, under the impetuous drive
of his adversary, with his hands uplifted, as
though to ward off the blows which were rained
on his head with as much quickness as was pos-
sible for any man to use a cane on another whom
he was intent on chastising. The scene occupied
but a point of time—only long enough to raise
the arm and inflict some ten or twelve blows in
the most rapid succession—the cane having been
broken in several pieces. All the while Senator
Sumner was holding his hands above his head,
and turning and tottering, until he sank gradually
on the floor near Senator Collamer's desk, in a
bleeding and apparently exhausted condition. I
did not hear one word, or murmur, or exclama-
tion, from either party until the affair was over.
" Such was the suddenness of the affair, the
rapidity of its execution, the position of persons
in the Chamber, and the relative position of the
chairs and desks, that, although several poisons
(myself among them) quickly advanced to the
spot where the parties were engaged, it was not
