640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
and that at the end of that time, when the reports
shall have been pointed, and when all of us shall
have, had an opportunity to read them, to under-
stand what they contain, and to see the points
involved, we may have a fair opportunity of
entering upon the discussion of them. At the
proper time I shall have some remarks to sub-
mit, which may not be interesting to the Senate,
or to a large portion of the country, but which I
think will meet this subject as 1 wish to see it met
in that part of the Union from which I come. I
am not prepared to submit them now, nor would
I venture to do so without having seen what is
embraced in these two reports. 1 wish to have
time to consider them calmly, and to conte to a dis-
passionate conclusion in regard to them.
Now, Mr. President, I am free to say that I
have a little speech about half delivered, which I
should like to have an opportunity of finishing.
As I know that the Senate is particularly good-
natured, especially under extraordinary circum-
stances, I give notice now, that to-morrow morn-
ing, even at the risk of violating some of the
rules of modesty prevailing here, I shall ask to
do one of two things, and 1 shall request a deci-
sion as to which I shall do—either that I be al-
lowed to deliver the residue of my speech, or to
print it without delivering it. I am indifferent
as to which horn of the dilemma the Senate may
choose to take. I now more, and it was for that
purpose that I rose, to postpone the further con-
sideration of this subject until this day week.
Mr. BUTLER. Let the papers be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us take a vote on print-
ing the reports.
Mr. BROWN. I am perfectly willing to agree
to that; I only ask that the discussion may be
postponed for a week, so that we shall have an
opportunity of reading the documents when
printed.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I should
have been quite content that this discussion should
have been left equally balanced by the two re-
ports until the time when an oral discussion could
be undertaken by arrangement between the par-
ties dividing upon the conclusions of the two re-
ports. X quite agree with the honorable Senator
from Mississippi in advistng that the reports shall
bo printed, in the first place, in oulerthat we may
understand them before we discuss them. lap-
prove this course on another ground: whatever
may bo the temper with which the question in-
volved in the reports is agitated elsewhere, it is
a question the nature and magnitude of which de-
mand the exercise of wisdom and discretion on
the part of the Senate and of Congress.
I would leave the subject here, if it was not
that the honorable chairman of the Committee oil
Territories [Mr. Douglas] has rendered it neces-
sary, by the confidence with which ho has as-
sorted his convictions of the strength of his own
position, to declare what is the measure of my
confidence on the other side; 1 am perfectly pre-
pared to stand by and advocate until the lust, not
the honorable Senator's version of the conclusions
of the minority report, but the statements of fact
contained in that report, and the self-interpreting
conclusions at which it arrives. In order that we
may leave the question equally balanced so far as
he and I arc concerned, he will excuse me for
adding that I render to the honorable Senator from
Vermont my thanks, and, so for as 1 may assume
to speak for others, the thanks of the friends of
freedom throughout the free States, and the
friends of freedom throughout the world, for the
ability, the dignity, the moderation, and the wis-
dom with which he has presented their cause.
Sir, the honorable Senator, the chairman of the
committee—he will excuse me for saying so—has
gone into an argument quite unnecessary and
quite inconclusive—an argument which was re-
sorted to the other day, in another branch of this
discussion, by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Toucev.] They have told us that
they intend to employ the whole power of this
Government to maintain the Kansas and Nebraska
act, and maintain and carry out the consequences
of it which arc involved in the legislation of this
usurping Legislature of Missouri in Kansas. I
understand this to be the spirit of what they say.
Sir, I give those honorable gentlemen notice that
they have but about three hundred and fifty days
left in which tliey will have the power of wielding
the military and naval arms of this nation. That
time is rolling away rapidly. In the mean time
there is a people behind them; and that people,
in Congress assembled here, must be consulted
upon the subject of the direction of the power of
the Government.
My own idea is, that there is no necessity for
violence or civil war; and that, if prudence and
moderation be exercised in Congress, this great
question, like all others, will finally reach its set-
tlement without disturbing the peace of the coun-
try, or endangering the safety of the Union; but,
at the same time, it is not conducive to such a
settlement of it to add anything more to the ter-
rors which impend over the settlers in Kansas. I
suppose, from what I hear in these reports, that
the people of Kansas will be here as a free State,
and will appear by Senators in Congress author-
ized to present their constitution. When they
come it will be a question to be settled here, and
not elsewhere. Let mc say, by way of caution,
that he was a wise man who remarked that " it
is the misfortune of mankind that just on those
occasions on which the greatest calmness and
reason are most necessary, those are just the
occasions on which calmness and reason are most
likely to be forgotten." For my own part, I
propose to remain cool—to meet this question
here, in this place, on its own merits; and, if 1
can, to secure the admission of the State of Kan-
sas into this Union under the constitution which
she has adopted, and which she is preparing to
submit for our acceptance.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 have no desire to make any
remarks on this question at the present time; but,
as what has been said here to-day will go out to
the country, I wish to put a question to the Sen-
ator from New York in reference to what he has
just said. 1 desire to know whether he will
maintain that Kansas, or any other Territory,
can come into this Union as a State with a less
number of inhabitants than was the ratio of rep-
resentation in the original formation of this Con-
federacy, which was thirty thousand, when, by
compact, it was arranged that each State should
have one Representative, and that the ratio should
be at least thirty thousand inhabitants to each
Representative ? Since that period it has been
increased from time to time, and is now over
ninety thousand. 1 think no Stale ever came into
the Union with a less number than forty thousand
inhabitants. I wish to know whether the gen-
tleman—1 ask him frankly, as a man representing
j the opinion of other.s—contends for any such
position ?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator always
addresses me frankly, and I ain happy to say he
cannot address ine with more kindly feelings than
1 entertain towards him. 1 shall maintain that
it is in the power of Congress to admit Kansas
with her population, whatever it is.
Mr. HUTLER. Even if it only had one hun-
dred inhabitants?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not say that, because
there are twenty-five thousand there already. I
shall maintain the power of Congress.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion
wluch 1 hope the Senate will readily adopt. 1
conceive it important in all cases, but especially
important on this subject, that we discuss, so far
as it is possible, measures of legislation and not
meie abstract pioposilions. AYe learn from the
report read to-day, tli.it in a day or two the com-
mittee will report a bill, or two bills, upon this sub-
ject; and I therefore wish to suggest to the Senate
not to postpone the subject for the purpose of
discussion, but to wait until the bills shall be re-
ported, and then discuss the whole question upon
these bills. Then we shall have a practical ques-
tion before us, on which we can agree or disagree.
Inviewofthisfact,Ihope the motion to postpone,
submitted by the Senator from Mississippi, will
be withdrawn. We shall then have the subject,
when the bills comc in, legitimately and fairly
before us, and gentlemen will have an opportunity
to submit their views on a practical question. ^ I
think the Senator from Illinois will agiee with
me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I agree fully with the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did notunder-
stand the Senator from Mississippi to submit any
motion.
Mr. STUART. Then I hope none such will
be submitted.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to print the reports.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I am admonished, by the fate of
the motion which was made some time since, to
print extra copies of the President's message on
Kansas affairs, that if we allow these reports to
lie on the table in their present condition, we shall"
not get extra copies of them until the end of the
session. I hope Senators will adopt the sugges-
tion of my friend from Michigan, to reserve de-
bate on this subject until the presentation of the
bill which will soon be brought in, and allow the
reports to be printed at once for distribution
among the people. With that view, I submit a
motion, which, from the importance of the subject,
and the interest, which it has attracted elsewhere,
I hope will be adopted now—that sixty-two thou-
sand copies of the reports be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. That motion, under the
rules, must be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. STUART. It will be recollected that, by
the instruction of the Committee on Commerce, I
gave notice a week ago, that I should ask the
Senate to take up the bills for river and harbor
improvements to-day. The business of the day
has necessarily postponed them; and the Senator
from Mississippi has expressed his desire to speak
to-morrow. I wish, therefore, to say, that the
Committee on Commerce have instructed me to
inform the Senate that we shall ask for the con-
sideration of those bills on Monday next, and
shall hope for the concurrence of the Senate on
that occasion.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUAR.T, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of the
special agents of the State of Maryland, praying
for the correction of an erroneous construction
of l ie1 act of Congress of May 13th, 1826, for the
payment of interest due to that State, reported a
lull to direct a reexamination of the account be-
tween the United States and the State of Mary-
land; winch was read a first time and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of James Harrington, praying for indemnity for
sickness and loss of time in the United States
service, reported a bill tor his relief; which was
read a first time and ordered to a second reading.
He submitted a report on the subject, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dempsey Pittman,
reported a bill for his relief; which was read a
first time and ordered to a sccond reading. He
submitted a report oil the subject, which was or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John C. McFerran,
a lieutenant and assistant quartermaster in the
United States Army, praying to be allowed a credit
in the settlement of his accounts for a sum of
money of which be was defrauded by an assist-
ant commissary, submitted an adverse report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a memorial of citizens
of California, praying that the titles of claimants
to lands in that State may not be confirmed, but
that those lands may be granted to those who
have settled and improved them, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom was
referied a bill authorizing the Secretary of the In-
terior to approve the accounts of the marshal for
the district of Missouri, for furniture provided for
the use of the circuit court of the United States
for said district, at the April term of said court,
held at St. Louis in the year 1854, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill for the con-
struction of a steam dredga on Lake-Michigan,
reported it back without amendment.
