630
APPENDIX T6 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBBt
[June 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Mr. BrooJcs and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Bictler.
Senate.
with deep concern, information of the recent violent assault
committed in the Senate Chamber at Washington, upon
the pe"on of fte Bon. Charles Sumner, one ot our Sena
tors in ConrreM, by Preston S. Brooks, a member of the
House of Ilepreaen tali ves tVom South Carolina;—an assault
which no provocation could justify—brutal and cowardly in
itself—a gross breach of parliamentary privilege—a ruthless
attack uiwn the liberty of speech—an outrage of the decen-
cies of civilised life, and an indignity to the Commonwealth j
of Massachusetts. , .
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts, in the
name of her free and enlightened people, demands for her
representatives In the National Legislature entire freedom
of speech, and will uphold them in the proper exercise of
that essential right of American citizens. j
Resolved, That we approve of Mr. Sumner's manliness !
and courage in his earnest and fearless declaration of free
principles, and his defense of human rights and free terri- |
toiy.
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts is imper- ,
atively called ujkm by the plainest dictates of duty, from a
decent regard to the rights of her ckizens, and respect for her
character as a sovereign State, to demand, and the Legis-
lature of Massacb usetts here by does demand, of the national
Congress, a prompt and strict investigation into the rece.nt
assault upon Senator Sumner, and the expulsion by^the
House of Representatives of Mr. Broo"k9, of South Carolina,
and any other member concerned with him in said assault.
Resolved, That his excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolves to the President
of the Senate, Mid Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, and to each of the Senators and members of the
House of Representatives from this Commonwealth, in the
Congress of the United States,
Hoesk or Representatives, M<n/29,1856.
Passed. CHARLES A. PHELPS, Speaker.
Passed.
Approved.
Iw StiftiTfc, May 30,1856.
MiTHU C. BAKER, President.
~ May 31,1856.
HENRY J. GARDINER.
SECKCTi.*V's Orricc,
Boston, May 31,1856.
I certify d  foregoing to be a true copy of the original
IMtnlVMI
Attest': FRANCIS DkWITT,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
Mr. BUTLER. These resolutions give rise to
more seriouB reflection than anything which has
occurred to me in my time. I have been in the
Senate for ten years, and this is the first occasion
that 1 have ever seen one of the sovereign States j
of the Union taking cognizance of matters which 1
occurred in Congress, with a view to influence
the judgment of Congress in relation to one of
their members. This is the first occasion of the
kind in the history of the country. It has been
done from an ex parte view of the subject; for it
is now very apparent that the resolutions of
Massachusetts were introduced and passed with-
out regard to the evidence. These resolutions
anticipated and asserted what may not be true—
what the public may not think true—what the
Senate may not think true—what the House of
Representatives may not think true; and yet the
sovereign State of Massachusetts, before there
was any evidence, indicted my relative upon
rumor—a measure which would have taken Staf-
ford to the gallows. What! sir; indict a man in
the language of these resolutions upon the rumor
of newspapers? These resolutions—I say it more
in sorrow than in anger—betray a temper and
precipitancy of judgment that do not look like
having a regard to that dignity which is asso-
ciated with justice. I shall speak respectfully.
So fax as I have spoken of Massachusetts hither-
to, no exception can be taken; but, when 1 speak
of Massachusetts now, it must be of Massachu-
setts as she has sent forth these resolutions—
under the influence of a feeling which pervades
her—under the influence of a sentiment which
denied Daniel Webster the right to speak in
Faneuil Hall, and threw off" the coffin of Lincoln
because he had fallen in performing his profes-
sional duties in the cause of his country. Boston
now is not the Boston that she was when Han-
cock wrote, tu d Adams spoke, and Otis thought,
and Warren fell. They would not recognize her.
She is no more the same. Yet, from that very hot-
bed of bitter feeling to the South, and especially
to South Carolina, have I to look for the feelings
which dictated these resolutions. I have to meet
an indictment—for what? It is said that the lib-
erty of speech has been violated. Upon that point
I intend to deliver some remarks which, whether
they be correct or not, I shall throw out. Our
ancestors were a people of hardy mortality. Gen-
erally, when they spoke, they spoke directly from
the heart. Such a thing as printing speeches
beforehand, or having them printed without being
uttered in the Senate, was unheard of in their day.
They were men who stood on their legs, and
spoke out. They had hearts and mouths. They
did not resort to the appliances ol paper and print-
ing before they brought their speeches here. If
the Senator from Massachusetts were present,
and would answer me, I would put the question
to him, "Was not that speech of yours printed
and published before you spoke it in the Senate
of the United States ? What is the meaning of
that provision of the Constitution, which says
that a Senator, or a member of the House, for
any speech or debate in either House, shall
not be questioned in any other place ? Does it
mean to give the Congress of the United States
the power of deciding what is privilege without
the courts questioning it? If so, it goes far be-
yond the settled doctrine in Great Britain at this
day, which was maintained by Chief Justice
Denman, in the case of Stockdale vs. Hansard;
and that case has much to do with the matter now
under consideration. Hansard had undertaken,
undfer the authority of Parliament, to publish a
book which contained a libel. Without such
license or privilege, all agreed thathe was respons-
ible. The English House of Commons said
that having granted him the license, it was their
privilege. Chief Justice Denman took cognizance
of the case, on the'broad ground that the courts
could determine what was privilege under the
Constitution of England. He said: " as a com-
mon law judge, I will show the Parliament
whether I am not capable of deciding on my re-
sponsibility as one of the great departments of this
Government. Can it be maintained "—and it is
one of the most eloquent decisions I ever read—
"that the House of Commons, by claiming a priv-
ilege, shall thereby appropriate it to themselves,
ana screen a villain from the consequence of his
libel ?" The judge said that although by the law
of Parliament newspapers were passed through
the country under tne frank of members without
paying postage, thit privilege did not give them
the right to make use of a newspaper as a libel.
He uses the strong expression : " God forbid that
Parliament should afford such a pretext for doing
Wrong." I say the same thing now.
Will you tell me that a member rising here and
handing a speech to the reporter, and telling him
to print it, comes within the purview of the Con-
stitution? Has he uttered Words in debate ? Will
you tell me that a member who has made a speech
of five sentences may append to it a newspaper
like the Tribune, which has libeled me, ana has
the right to send through the post offices of this
Government, and have folded by the persons em-
ployed in the folding-room at the public expense,
into my daughter's parlor, that which would cost
him his life if he told it to me ? Has it come to
this, that a Senator upon this floor can claim such
an extensive privilege, under the law of Parlia-
ment, that he can send off, by the twenty thousand,
speeches to England and to the four corners of the
globe, where I am not known, and then claim pro-
tection upon the ground that he has a privilege
which precludes him from being questioned else-
where for words spoken in debate?
Sir, the difference is an obvious one. Perhaps
not more than five hundred or a thousand people
heard the Senator on the occasion when he as-
: sailed me; and I venture to say that, of the num-
ber who were present and knew me, not one
believed a word of what he said. It is a different
thing when he has printed a package of twenty
i thousand of the documents, franked them, and
sent them to England, where, I suppose, he will
be highly praised. He will be fed with the oil
which kindles English fires, to encourage him to
walk in the light of his path. If I were to go to
England, they might point at me and ask, " is
that the man so monomaniacal in regard to
slavery that he cannot tell the truth?" I am not
accustomed to make comparisons, but I will say
that there is not a parent or a husband on this
floor who can approve the language of that Sen-
ator. Though 1 may have bitter enemies here—
no doubt I have some, but I do not see why I
have incurred their enmity—I venture to say that
I do not think a single man on this floor would,
if he were put on his oath, say that he believed
what the Senator said of me. When spread
abroad in the form of a libel it become* of a very
different character.
I say that this privilege under the Constitution
is the subject of judicial inquiry. The courts
may say where privilege ends, and where libel
begins. He has been guilty of a libel. I know,
sir, how sacred is the liberty of speech. I know
what has been said by Mr. Erskine on this sub-
ject—his language has often been praised for its
beauty—in the celebrated trial against Tom
Paine. Mr. Erskine quoted language which he
supposed had been used by Lord Chesterfield.
Lord Kenyon said to him:
" Lord Kenton. That very speech which did Lore Ches-
terfield so much honor is supposed to have been written by
Dr. Johnson.
"Mr. Erskine. Gentlemen, I believe it was so, and I
am much obliged to his lordship for giving me a far higher
authority for my doctrine; for, though Lord Chesterfield
was a man of great wit, he was undoubtedly far inferior
in learning, and what is more to the purpose, in monarchical
opinion, to the celebrated writer to whom my lord has now-
delivered the work by his authority. Dr. Johnson then
gays"—
Gentlemen may avail themselves of this, if they
choose, when I come to another part of this mat-
ter. Dr. Johnson says, in the language put in
the mouth of Lord Chesterfield:
" One of the greatest blessings we enjoy—one of the
greatest blessings a people, my lords, can enjoy, is liberty ;
licentiousness is the alloy of liberty ; it is an ebullition—an
excrescence; it is a speck upon the eye of the political body,
but which I can never touch but with a gentle, with a
trembling hand, lest I destroy the body—lest I injure the
eye upon which it is apt to appear.
" There is such a connection between licentiousness and
liberty, that it is not easy to correct the one without danger-
ously wounding the other; it is extremely hard to distin-
guish the true limit between them; like a changeable silk,
we can easily see there are two different colors, but we
cannot easily discover where the one ends, or where the
other begins."
In a subsequent part of this celebrated forensic
Speech, delivered by Lord Erskine, he goes on to
show what is the liberty of speech, ana what is
its limit. He says, by way of illustration, what
is exactly apposite to this case:
" I expect to hear, in answer to what I am now saying,
much that will offend me. My learned friend "—
I do not call the Senator " my learned friend;"
I make this periphrasis on that point—
" My learned friend, from the difficulties of his situation,
which I know from experience how to feel for very sin-
cerely, may be driven to advance propositions which it may
be my duty, with much freedom, to reply to; and the law
will sanction that freedom; but will not the ends of justice
be completely answered by my exercise of that right, in
terms that are decent, and calculated to expose its defects ?
or will my argument suffer, or will public justice be im-
peded, because neither private honor and justice, nor pub-
lic decorum, would endure my telling my very learned
friend, because I differ from him in opinion, that he is a
fool, a liar, and a scoundrel,'in the face of the Court?"
If the Senator had said, in respectful language,
" We have been adversaries on this subject; I
•differ from you; I think you have been guilty of
great errors which deserve the censure of a par-
liamentary speaker; and I intend to pronounce a
censure, believing that I am right and you are
wrong; I will detect you in the fallacies of your
history; I will detect you in the errors of your
j law; I will expose those errors"—he would have
: had a right to do this, and in as strong language
I as he chose; but when he said almost in so many
words, that my proclivity to error was such that
I deviated from the truth in all these particulars,
it is a libel in the very language of Mr. Erskine.
If he were indicted for a libel to-morrow, could he
claim his privilege under the Constitution, and
• would the courts be precluded from deciding the
question whether it was a libel or not ? There ia
no one, perhaps, who has a higher ideal admira-
tion for the liberty of speech and the liberty of
• thepress than I have.
The liberty of speech and of the press is the
great conservative element of a Republic; it is to
the political, what fire is to the material world, a
subservient and affluent minister, when under the
control of prudence and intelligence; but, when
unchecked and unregulated, a consuming foe,
withering and blasting everything along its path-
way of ruin. Render freedom of speech tnbu-
tary to the proprieties, decencies, and restraints
of social life, and you may crown it with all the
ministries and supremacies of intellect and liberty,
but release it from them, and it becomes & blind
and maddened giant of evil, tearing down the
bulwarks of social order, and desecrating the
