1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2241
rin, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, HuRhston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kid well, King, Knapp, Knight, Knox, Kunkel,
Lake, Letcher, Lindlcy, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc~
Mullm, McUuecn, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Millxon,
Mill ward. Moore, Mott, Orr, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Phelps,
Pike, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Uuitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, Roberts, RufRn, Rust, Sage, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, WiJham R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Stranahan,
Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Trippe,
Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walker, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Window, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zoltieofter—131.
NAYS — Messrs. Albn^ht, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghu^t, Bishop, Bhs<3, But-
finton, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Coimns, Cumback, Damrell, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Ernrie, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thorna* K.
Horfon, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knovvlton,
Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
.Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pearce, Pennington,
Pem, Pettit, Pnngle, Robiaon, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Thorington, Tratton, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldron, Cadwaiader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
Imrne, Israel Washburn, VVTelch, Wood, Woodruff, and
W ood worth—68. *
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
ENROLLED BILLS.
While the names on the call of the roll were
being read—
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled House bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (No. 37) for the relief of Peyton R. King,
late receiver of public moneys at Monroe, Louis-
iana;
An act (No. 345) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Mrs. Magdalene Brontin,
widow of De la Ronde;
An act (No. 338) for the relief of John Nash;
An act (No. 334) for the relief of William B.
Cozzens;
An act (No. 208) for the relief of William Hum-
phreys, jr., owner of the fishing schooner Good
Exchange, lost at sea;
An act (No. 350) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Louis Reggio;
An act (No. 346) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Ignacio Delino;
An act (No. 348) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Bernard Hemkin;
.An act (No. 275) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones;
An act (No. 335) for the relief of Henry L.
Robinson;
An act (No. 269) for the relief of the sureties of
the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis,United States
Army.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I would announce to the
House that, unless the time of adjournment is
extended, it will be impossible to get signed a
large number of private bills, which have passed
both Houses.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (at eleven o'clock
and fifty-eight minutes.) I move to take from the
Speaker's table and put upon its passage, the
Senate's resolution, in reference to the extension
of the session.
The resolution was reported to the House as
follows: ;
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the present session be extended to two o'clock this
day.
Mr. BARBOUR. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll, and
had called one name only,* "when he was inter-
rupted by—
The SPEAKER, who said, [Mr. Millson,
twice interrupting, and saying s< I rise to a ques-
tion of order,"] By virtue of a resolution of the
House, agreed to on the 22d ultimo, fixing this
day and hour for the termination of this session,
the House now adjourns without day.
The House thereupon adjourned sine die.
141
