THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PBOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 43.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill to provide for
the improvement of the Ohio river, reported it
back with an amendment.
EAST TENNESSEE JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
indulgence of the Senate to pass a bill which has
been sent to us from the House. It was intro-
duced into the House yesterday, and was passed
there at once, without objection, at the instance
of a colleague of mine in that body. I happened
to be in the committee room of the Committee on
Territories, listening to the reading of those able
reports which have been presented to-day, when
the Senate met this morning, and as I understand
that, before I came into the Chamber, the bill was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, I de-
sire to have the vote referring it reconsidered, so
that the bill may be passed at once. Its title is,
44 An act to define the jurisdiction of the district
and circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict ofcast Tennessee." It is a matter of terri-
torial boundary between two districts, in regard
to which there is now some confusion.
The vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary was reconsidered,
and the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It provides that the
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States for
the eastern district of Tennessee shall include the
counties of Anderson, Bledsoe, Blount, Bradley,
Campbell, Carter, Claiborne, Cocke, Grainger,
Greene, Hawkins, Hamilton, Hancock,Jefferson,
Johnson, Knox, McMinn, Meigs, Marion, Mon-
roe, Morgan, Polk, Rhea, Roane, Sevier, Scott,
Sullivan, Washington, Union, and Cumberland,
and any new county which may herenfrer be
formed out of the territory of one or more of the
counties named.
Mr. STUART. Does this bill change any ex-
isting districts ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is merely a set-
tlement of a district that has not been sufficiently
defined. Some new counties have been laid off.
and some alteration made in the boundaiies of
those counties, since the district was originally
defined.
Mr. STUART. I merely inquired because, if it,
changes the districts, there should be some pro-
vision about process.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir; it merely
defines the districts with greater certainty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COLONEL E. S. ROBERTS.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a motion
to have printed an extra number of the report
made by the Committee on Military Affairs, on
the resolutions referred to that committee in
regard to Colonel B. S. Roberts. The number
which I propose is five thousand additional copies.
Oi course, the motion will go to the Committee
on Printing. The report brings up the question
as to who first raised the American flag in the
city of Mcxico. It is a matter of very general
interest to officers of the Army, and contains the
statements of many who were m command in the
battles which were fought preceding the day on
which the army entered the city of Mexico.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether the reference of a motion to print extra
numbers to the Committee on Printing is by op-
eration of law, or m pursuance of our rules? If
it is done in conformity with the requirements
of law, wc cannot dispense with it; but if it is
done under a rule of this body, I was about to
propose that it be dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks that it
is done under the law regulating the public print-
ing.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
41
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 19, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON IMPROVEMENT OF
THE OHIO.
The Speaker has appointed Messrs. Dunn,
Stanton, Allen, Ritchie, Cox, Taylor, and
Carlile the select committee to which was re-
ferred Mr. Dunn's bill enabling the States of
Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Indi-
ana, and Illinois to improve the navigation of the
river Ohio, and granting lands to said States in aid
thereof.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
RESOLUTION OF NEW YORK.
Mr. VALK, by unanimous consent, presented
a joint resolution of the Legislature ofNew York,
| asking that Congress make an appropriation for
duly repairing the buildings of the Federal Gov-
ernment upon the quarantine grounds at Staten
Island, as, by reason of their dilapidated condi-
tion, the expense of enforcing the quarantine
laws is greatly enhanced; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
LIEUTENANT RHIND.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
present the memorial of Lieutenant A. C. Rhind,
late of the. United States Navy, setting forth the
action of a court-martial in which great injustice
was done him, and stating further that, before a
i hearing of the appeal he entered in the case was
| had by the proper authority, he was dropped from
I the service by the late naval board; in which also
' great injustice was done him.
I have, Mr. Speaker, carefully read the me-
morial and accompanying papers, and concur
fully with the memorialist in the views he takes
of the gross wrongs he will sustain unless some
proper relief shall be afforded him. I move, sir,
that the memorial and accompanying papers be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
hope,afterafull and impartial investigation, they
will report such remedy as a most meritorious,
gallant, and chivalrous officer—such as I believe
Lieutenant Rhind to be—is entitled to in the pre-
mises.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BRANCH, offered the following resolu-
tion; winch was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and aic herein, instructed to jnqune into the expediency
of establishing a national foundory on Deep nver, in the
State of North Carolina.
PETITION PRESENTED.
Mr. Q,U ITMAN presented the memorial of the
officers at West Point, stating that the present
commutation price allowed for Army rations is
far below its actual cost, and praying an enact-
ment of law, so that it shall more nearly corre-
spond with it; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
JACOB DODSON.
On motion by Mr. GJJITMAN, Senate bill for
the relief of Jacob Dodson was taken from the
; Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
EXTENSION OF FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. WALBRIDGE offered the following res- j
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
| to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
j Roads be mstiuctcd to mqune into the expediency of pio-
! vidmg by law for reciprocally flanking public documents
| thiough the po-jt offices of this country and Canada, by j
heads of Departments and members of Congress on the i
pait of this Government, and heads of Dcpaitments and i
members of Parliament on the part of the Government of
Canada. 1
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WOOD WORTH, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for the construction of
a harbor at the mouth of Calamut river, in the
State of Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania,
it was ordered that leave be granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the petition
and papers of Randall Pegg.
CHANGE OF A REFERENCE.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pringle] moved last evening that
the vote by which the President's message, in ref-
ence to Indian disturbances, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, be reconsidered. I
suggested that, as the Delegate from Oregon was
then absent, the question had better be postponed.
He is now present, and I propose to call the matter
up for the decision of the House.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection to the recon-
sideration and the reference of the President's
message to the Committee on Military Affairs.
When the message was reported from the Clerk's
desk, I thought that it had reference to Indian
affairs, and that its proper reference was to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. On examination
of it, I find that it had better go to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion to reconsider prevailed, and the
message was then referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
CHICAGO CUSTOM-HOUSE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in reply to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of the 4th of March ultimo, in reference
to the adequacy of the Chicago custom-house and
post office, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. HAVEN, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced bills of the
following titles; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill to place and keep St. Mary's river, in
the Stale of Michigan, in a navigable condition
for vessels of war and commerce, and to facilitate
the transmission of supplies to the Northwest;
A bill to keep St. Clair river, in the State of
Michigan, in a navigable condition for vessels of
war and commerce, and to facilitate the trans-
mission of supplies to the Northwest; and
A bill to authorize and continue the construc-
tion of a harbor at Buffalo, New York.
Mr. WHITNEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization, and to repeal all acts heretofore
passed and now in force on that subject; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr.THORINGTON presented certified record
testimony in the Nebraska contested-election
ease; which was referred to tlie Committee of
Elections.
JUDICIAL EXPENSES DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA.
Mr. GALLOWAY offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested t< j inquire into the judichl expend of the District
of Columbia, and to suggest such amendments to the laws
regulating the tame as may be deemed proper.
RESOLUTION OF MARYLAND.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, presented a joint
resolution of the Assembly of Maryland, in refer-
ence to certain moneys claimed to be due her
in connection with the war of 1812; which was
