642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
J
referred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MEACHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to incorporate the Mutual Gas-
Light Company of Washington and Georgetown;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
OVERLAND MAIL TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HERBERT, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads: A bill to pro-
vide for an overland mail from some point on the
Mississippi ri'ver to San Francisco.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first and
second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Saginaw river, in the State of Mich-
igan; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce;
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at Marquette, on Lake Supe-
rior, in the State of Michigan; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce;
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment. of the harbor at the mouth of the Ontonagon
river, in the State of Michigan; which was re-
furred to the Committee on Commerce; and
A bill making an appropriation of public land
in aid of the construction of the Cincinnati and
Mackinaw railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
SENATE BILL REFERRED.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the table Senate
bill No. 80, and have it referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
No objection being made, Senate bill (No. 80)
entitled an act amendatory of an act entitled "An
act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes," was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON ENGRAVING.
Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on En-
graving, submitted the following report:
Tin; Committee on Engraving respectfully report, that
their attention has been called by the Superintendent of
Public Printing to tile tact that there are sevcial maps of
the public lauds and charts of projected liver and harbor
improvements, annexed to the documents accompanying
the president's message, which the House has not ordered
to he published. The committee believe that it has been
the linaiinble practice ol the House 10 publish the maps
■uid charts that arc leferred to therein, and foim a part of
the documents accompanying the President's message.
They therclbie submit ttie tollowiug icsolutioii:
Resoli-ed, That the map--, chat Is, and di.twinge annexed
to the documents accompanying the Piesident's menage
be engiaved or lithographed, and the usual liumbei ol copies
punted under the direction of the Committee 011 Kngiav-
mg.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should bo glad
to hear the gentleman who made that report ex-
plain the reason for the proposition which lie has
submitted. 1 should like to know what the ex-
pense will be, as we are told that this engraving
is made a " good thing " of. Unless I can be
satisfied on that point, 1 shall object to the report.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know what the amount
of this engraving would be. lJerhaps, that is a
matter of little consequence. I could not hear,
lVom the reading by the Clerk, the first part of
the report. I am not sure that it made some
statement in regard to what has been the usual
practice of the House in such cases. I believe,
sir, since I have known anything about the busi-
ness of the House, the House has nevOr had any
engraving of maps and charts connccted with the
President's message. The Senate has usually
had them, and I hope the House will not now
fet up an innovation upon the usual practice. I
ope we shall only publish the number of (he
document we have already ordered, without the
engravings of the accompanying maps and charts.
Mr. KELSEY, The attention of the Com-
mittee on Engraving hag been repeatedly called
to this subject, both by the Superintendent of the
Public Printing and various members of this
House. "We have been informed that it has been
the invariable custom of this House to publish
these maps and the charts of projected improve-
ments. In submitting this report, and calling the
attention of the House to it, the committee only
desire to relieve themselves from responsibility in
reference to the matter. The maps are maps of
the public lands surveyed within the last year,
and about to be brought into market. The charts
are charts of projected improvements of rivers
and harbors.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
what good end is to be attained by the House iu
having the maps of i*ecently surveyed lands en-
graved ? Maps of all the surveys are kept in the
General Land Office, and copies are sent to the
local land offices where the lands are situated.
Now, what possible good is to be accomplished by
inserting these maps in the document containing
the President's message, I cannot see. By send-
ing copies of these maps to the local officers, the
people are kept supplied with all the information
they desire.
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose the object is to place
within the rcach of those who desire to purchase
pubKc lands the maps of them, without compel-
ling them to resort to the land office for the in-
formation contained in them. The committee,
as I remarked before, only desire to carry out
what they have been informed has been the in-
variable practice of the House. We may be
wrong in that. I understood the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] to correct that state-
ment in our report. I am informed by a gentle-
man upon my right, that these maps were en-
graved and published last year. I merely desire
to call the attention of the House to the subject
now, so that by and by the committee will not
be charged with neglecting their duty in the
premises.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand, then,
that the proposition is this, and nothing more:
to publish, with the President's message, maps
of public lands offered for sale; or, in other words,
maps accompanying the report of the Commis-
sioner of the Public Lands. "Well, the first effect
of the adoption of this proposition will be to delay
the publication of the President's message and
accompanying documents, and thus greatly pro-
crastinate the circulation of that document. The
next effect will be to incur a very great expense
for that which is of no value whatever to the
country. I suppose that the maps, if published,
will not exhibit the condition of the public lands
an hour; and, therefore, they will furnish no
guide whatever to the purchasers of public lands.
Nec.cssaiily, there is an eternal change going on in
the condition of these public lands; and so we can
get no correct information whatever in the world
from the maps. It is obvious, therefore, that this
is a mere job—a mere job; to use the current
phrase of the day, and of this House, " a good
thing can be made of it."
Hut, sir, that is not all. These verymaps will
actually, if printed, uselessly incumber this doc-
ument. They will actually be in the way. They
will not only be of no utility, but they will bean
inutility. There is no value to the public in con-
nection with this movement. It has a value only
in reference to the undertaker. I say then, sir,
that in these views alone there is sufficient objec-
tion against the adoption of the resolution.
But that is not all. I understand from the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Haven] that this
thing is an innovation—that it is an attempted in-
novation, seeking to ingraft on the action of this
House a policy which is new, and a policy which
ought not to be introduced, I hope, therefore,
that the House will vote down the resolution, and
if necessary I shall certainly call the yeas and
nays on the question.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. As a member
of the committee which has reported the resolu-
tion, I deem it my duty, Mr. Speaker, to myself
and to the committee, to say something m refer-
ence to the report that has been submitted. The
committee was informed by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, I believe, and by other gentle-
men, that it was necessary for us to take some
action in reference to this matter. "We do not
desire—as the honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] has said—to change the policy of
this House in relation to this question; but we
have been informed that it has been usual to
publish such engravings and charts in connection
with the reports. If it be not so, sir—if it be not
desired by the House—the committee does not
desire it; but we simply wish the sense of the
House on this question. If there be a majority of
gentlemen here opposed to this thing, why the
committee—I believe I can speak for all its mem-
bers—I know I can say so for myself—do not
desire any new rule to be adopted in relation to
the publishing of charts, maps, and engravings,
in connection with the President's message and
accompanying documents. I say this in ordej- to
disabuse the minds of gentlemen who may think
that the committee desire to take any new course
in reference to this matter.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That objection is late; at all
events, the resolution is a privileged matter.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee who has just taken his
seat, or any of the gentlemen on the Committee
on Engraving, whether they know if the Senate,
in ordering the publication of the President's
message, has made provision for the engraving
of these maps ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not know what action
the Senate has taken on the subject.
Mr. MARSHALL. Because I believe the
law is, that, if one House make provision for
engraving-, the other has only to direct the Super-
intendent of Public Printing to publish enough
for the use of both Houses. It seems to me that
the Senate have long since ordered the President's
message to be printed and published, and that,
before we take any action at all on the subject,
it would be well for the Committee on Engraving
to ascertain what action the Senate has taken.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire, Mr. Speaker,
to continue this discussion. I only want to make
this remark: I understand from the chairman of
the committee that this resolution is intended to
provide for the publication of the maps and sur-
veys of the public lands, and also of the maps
of certain projected public improvements of rivers
and harbors, which improvements, I understand,
are new things. But what necessity for the pub-
lication of the maps, supposing they were new
things? It is not necessary for any illustration
of the President's message, or of the documents
which accompany it; not at all.
Now, one word in relation to the Senate. I have
said before, that I believed the Senate was in the
habit of ordering engravings of some of the draw-
ings and maps which accompany the President's
message and documents. I recollect three or four
years ago the Senate did order an engraving of a
small map which showed the military posts of
the United States in New Mexico and Texas,
which was a very convenient thing, conveying a
good deal of information. I believe that is the
only instance of such engravings being published
with the President's message or documents since
I have been in Congress. But what is proposed
to be done here? Why, if this engraving is to be
executed, it must be for the purpose of having it
bound up with the two or three volumes of the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments. Why, sir, the surveys of the public lands
would make a volume themselves; and if they
were all engraved and all printed they would be
kicked about in the public offices and in the super-
intendent's room; and, if bound up, they will be
bound up at an expenditure of fifty to seventy-
five cents a volume; for you cannot bind maps
at the same expense as you can documents. No-
body will ever think of referring to them when
reading the message and accompanying docu-
ments. If anybody wishes to refer to them, it
must be somebody who wants to buy public lands;
and even to him they will convey no information.
He must go to the land offices and find out what
lands on the map have been entered, and on what
lands he may locate.
I think this is an unusual proposition. I think
it is not calculated to convey to the country any
useful information or knowledge. I think it
would do no good to anybody but to the parties
who get the job of engraving. But I understand
the committee to have very properly placed them-
selves before the House. I think it is right they
should do so. I do not understand them to press
