632
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Butler.
Sen-
ate.
ted to say, one of the unfortunate symptoms of
the times in regard to which we have no com-
mon tribunal to decide between us. Sir, u seems
to indicate a crisis when the opinion of the con-
stituency of one portion of the Confederacy ap-
plauds one whilst it is ready to consume and put
to the stake another. We have always supposed
that public opinion would be right; and sir, I
distinguish public opinion very much from popu-
lar prejudice. Popular prejudice is that which
would consume in ignorance to-day, what it
would repent of to-morrow. Public opinion is
the judgment of an intelligent community, not
formed under the excitement of the moment. It
is not the sentiment of an irresponsible multi-
tude; it is not the sentiment of an ex parte decis-
ion; it is not the judgment which can find its way
into the history of the country, or which posterity
will adopt as that which ought to be pronounced
on the occasion. Public opinion is 'the highest,
the gravest, the most solemn judgment to which
any of us can defer. I would not give one cent
for what is called public opinion, if it depended
upon ex parte views of any subject. And I say
that the resolutions which have been sent here
from the Legislature of Massachusetts, are not
only ex parte, but I am sorry to say that I fear
their counselors were prejudice and malignity,
even giving their counsels through the darkness
of ignorance. I do not mean ignorance so far as
regards the body individually, for I have no
doubt it is intelligent enough; but 1 mean ignor-
ance, so far as regards pronouncing a judgment
without understanding the facts on which that
judgment ought to turn. I say that my friend
has Deen condemned without a hearing. He has
been condemned bya judgment which, if suffered
to go into history uncontradicted, unexamined,
and unrefuted, would consign him to a fate which
his character does not deserve, and shall not
receive as long as I can stand here as his friend
and advocate.
But, sir, before I approach the constitutional
and legal view of these resolutions, I must acquit
myself of the duty which I in some measure as-
sumed yesterday evening, of presenting to the
public the circumstances under which the fracas,
as it is termed, or the assault, on the Senator from
Massachusetts, occurred.
I said that my friend and relative was not m the
Senate when the speech was being delivered, but
he was summoned here, as I have learned from
others. He was excited and stung by the street
rumors and the street commentaries, and by the
conversations in the parlors, where even ladies
pronounced a judgment; and, air, woman never
fails to pronounce a judgment where honor is
concerned, and it is always in favor of the re-
dress of a wrong. I would trust to the instinct
of woman upon subjects of this kind. He could
not go into a parlor, or drawing-room, or to a
dinner party, where he did not find an implied
reproach that there was an unmanly submission
to an insult to his State and his countrymen.
Sir, it was hard for any man, much less for a
man of his temperament, to bear this.
I intended to reserve a commentary which was
at once made on the speech of the Senator from
Massachusetts as the most important part of my
conclusion; but I find that I can apply it at no
better time than this. I allude to the commentary
which was pronounced at the time; not when a
controversy had arisen; not when it was supposed
that the temptations of an adversary, or even the
public mind, had so farmade an issue that he was
obliged to take one side or the other; but it was
pronounced by a gentleman of distinguished posi-
tion, a sage, a patriot, a man who had won laurels
in the field, and justly deserved to be considered
the Nestor of the Senate. Sir, the remarks made
by the member from Michigan [Mr. Cass] struck
me as the most consuming piece of criticism; and
I think, taking it all into consideration, it would
be more terrible to me than all the arguments of
an advocate, and all the array that could be
brought on one side or the other. It was the tes-
timony of voluntary justice.
"I have listened"—said that distinguished
gentleman,. [Mr. Cass,] who had worn the sword
and the robes of the Senate, with distinction and
dignity—" with equal regret and surprise to the
speech of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
settST' Such a speech—the most un-American
and unpatriotic tliat ever grated on ears of the
members of this high body—as I hope never to
hear again, here or elsewhere. But, sir, I did not
rise to make any comments on the speech of the
honorable Senator, open as it is to the highest
censure and disapprobation."
I am not as young a man as Mr. Sumner, nor
do I pretend to be in a condition to defy or place
myself against the testimony which would j>ut
into operation a current of public opinion, such
as was pronounced by the honorable Senator
from Michigan in his place; but, sir, I can say,
that, with my nature, I could not have slept that
night on my pillow with such a censure and such
a criticism pronounced in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. I should have been ready to send a
message to make atonement in some way. I
should have wiped out, as far as I could, by re-
pentance and atonement, the unmanly aggression
and insult which had been offered, and was con-
demned by the highest authority. I do not
undertake to say what was the opinion of that
Senator, but I can quote from his State the most
consuming judgment I ever heard pronounced.
The sentiments expressed in the paragraph to
which I allude, and in others, show that when
the effervescence of popular prejudice shall have
subsided, this case might be tried, even in Massa-
chusetts itself. I should not be afraid to try it
there. They are not slaves to be governed by
fanatical madness. One of the journals there, in
a remarkably well-written article, which I adopt,
says:
" Charles Sumner's recent speeches in the United States
Senate have not in any respect enhanced his reputation as a
man, as a debater, or as a statesman. It is impossible,it
seems to us, for any fair-minded man, who loves truth and re-
gards honor and decency, to read these effusions, all reek-
ing with falsehoods, bitterness and wrath, and indecency,
without feeling that Massachusetts has been disgraced by
an unworthy son in the Senate Chamber, before the coun-
try and in the face of the world. We venture the assertion
that no parallel to these vituperative outbursts of Sumner
can be found in the annals of Congress, nor in the records
of any legislative assembly in the world. Overpowering
passion, madness itself, seems to have berelt him of his
senses, and left him oblivious of truth and honor, of the
courtesies of intelligent and dignified debate, and of the
proprieties of civilized life.
We do not, we cannot, use terms too strong in relation
to this matter. It is not the character of Charles Sumner
alone that is involved. The fair fame of Massachusetts
suffers. Whatever may have been the political errors of
Massachusetts, she has ever, heretofore, been represented
in the Senate of the United States, and we might also say
in the House of Representatives, by men, statesmen—
Webster, Wintlirop, Everett, Choate, Davis, and Bates—
who knew their rights, aud knowing dared to maintain,
and maintained them with courtesy, dignity, and ability, in
such a manner as to command the respect of their oppo-
nents, the applause of their friends, and the admiration of
all their countrymen."
I knew some of the gentlemen here named, and
I should never be afraid to meet them in debate
anywhere, because with them I should never
apprehend the assaults of calumny and slander.
I cannot be reduced to such an issue that I must
discount calumny and slander by the language of
a blackguard. If it be the theory of gentlemen
that when one uses language in debate transcend-
ing the sphere prescribed by propriety and justice,
we are to resort to the same mode for redress and
satisfaction, I am a non-combatant; I cannot enter
into a controversy with gentlemen in which they
are to bandy words.
These remarks are not without their direction.
I have used them to show what was the impres-
sion on the public mind at the time when the
assault was committed. Mr. Bingham, a friend
of Mr. Sumner I presume, says in his testimony
that on hearing the speech he anticipated some-
thing. It was the general impression of the
whole community that he deserved to receive a
chastisement; or, at least, that he was bound to
make atonement in some way for the insults and
the wantonness of his insults to a gentleman (as
I hope I am) then absent. This was the common
sentiment pervading the public mind at Wash-
ington.
What was my friend to do ? Sue him? Indict
him ? If that was the mode in which he intended
to take redress, he had better never go to South
Carolina again. Was he to challenge him ?
That would have been an exhibition of chivalry
having no meaning. Although he has been upon
the field, both in open war and in a private affair,
I should be very sorry to see any crisis requiring
it again. A challenge would have been an ad-
vertisement to the world of his courage, when
there was not a probability of its being tried.
He would have made himself contemptible, and
perhaps might have been committed to the peni-
tentiary for sending a challenge.
Then, what course was left to him to pursue?
Mr. Sumner had opportunities enough to make
an apology. God knows I could not have resisted
the admonitory criticism of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, perhaps the most im-
posing authority in the Senate. He paid no
regard to him, and for a very good reason: his
speech was written, and had gone out, and he
could not contradict what he had sent forth to
the public with malice aforethought.
Well, sir, what did Mr. Brooks do? It is said
he sought Mr. Sumner in the Senate Chamber.
It is the last place in which he wished to seek
him. He would have met him in an open com-
bat, on a fair field, and under a free sky, at any
time. And when the Legislature of Massachu-
setts chooses to say that his conduct is cowardly,
let her try him in any way she chooses. [Ap-
plause.]
Mr. STUART. I hope the Chair will enforce
the rules. I think, sir, what we have just wit-
nessed has been repeated this session quite too
often. If the amenities and proprieties of the
Senate cannot be kept by gentlemen, they should
not enter its Chamber.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator desire the galleries to be cleared?
Mr. STUART. I shall not make any motion
now.; but I hope it will be understood by every-
body who visits this Chamber, that the proprie-
ties of the place shall be observed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Persons in
the galleries will distinctly understand, that if
there be any further demonstration, the galleries
will be cleared of all except ladies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In justice to the galleries,
I will suggest that the impression on this side of
the House is, that the disturbance came from
the floor of the Senate Chamber, and not from
the galleries. I hope the galleries will not be
punished for the act of persons on the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I will go on in such
a way that nobody shall be disturbed—not that I
intend to suppress any single sentiment of mine;
but I shall express it in the severity of truth. I
can tell the Senator from Maine, with whom I
have always been on good terms, that I shall say
nothing out of the way.
Sir, a man who occupies a place in the Senate,
representing a great Commonwealth like Massa-
chusetts, or representing any State, as one of her
Senators, occupies a very high position, from
which he can send forth to the public what may
affect the character of almost any man, except
General Washington, or some one upon whose
character the verdict of history has been ren-
dered. There is scarcely any man who can with-
stand the slander which may be pronounced from
the Senate Chamber of the Urtited States. For
this reason I would never look, and I never have
looked, beyond the public position of a member
here, to go into his private and personal charac-
ter. I would not do it, because by so doing I
should do a wrong which I could not redr-ess.
Even a word escaping my tongue in this Cham-
ber, as a Senator, might go far to injure a man
where he couldnot correctit. We are in a position
which requires high considerations for the regu-
lation of our conduct. I agree thoroughly with
General Jackson, that the slanderer who involves
third persons in difficulty and danger, is an in-
cendiary, against whom we should guard more
than any one else, in a parliamentary poin* f
view. I will quote General Jackson's language.
He said: " Over the doors of each House of Con-
gress, in letters of gold, should be inscribed the
words, ' The Slanderer is worse than the Mur-
derer.'" A single murder is horrible. It may
take a single individual from society. But when
I look at the mischievous influence of slander, I
find that it pervades a whole community ; makes
war in society; sets family against family; indi-
vidual against individual; section against section.
It is th(T most cowardly mode in which a war
can be conducted.
