1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.633
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
With the state of opinion to which 1 have al-
luded prevailing, what did Mr. Brooks do? Of
course he did not undertake to challenge Mr.
Summer to a fist fight, or a stick fight, or any other
kind of %h t. He thought Mr. Sumner deserved
a castigation, and he undertook to give it to him
according to the old-fashioned notion, by caning
him. f have not heard Mr. Brooks detail the
circumstances. 1 have' not conversed with him
in regard to the matter; I take my information
from the published testimony. Mr. Brooks, not
finding him anywhere else, came to him while
he was sitting in his seat here, after the Senate
had adjourned. He came to him in front—differ-
ent from the statement made to the Massachusetts
Legislature. He was half a minute in his proem
or explanation. He said: " Mr. Sumner, I have
read your speech. I have read it carefully, with
as much consideration, and forbearance, and fair-
ness as I could; but, sir, I have come to punish
you now- for the contents of that speech, which
is a libel on my State, and on a gray-haired rel-
ative."
Instinct would have prompted most men to
rise immediately. Mr. Sumner did rise. In
the act of rising, Mr. Brooks struck him across
the face—not, as has been represented, over his
head, for that is not the truth, nor is it borne out
by the testimony. On the second stroke the cane
broke. It is the misfortune of Mr. Brooks to
have incurred all the epithets which have been
used in regard to an assassin-like and bludgeon
attack, by the mere accident of having a foolish
stick, which broke. It broke again; and it was
not, as I understand, until it came very near the
handle, that he inflicted blows which he would
not have inflicted if he had an ordinary weapon
of a kind which would have been a security
against breaking. His design was to whip him;
but the stick broke, and that has brought upon
him these imputations.
It has gone through the country that Mr.
Brooks struck him after he was prostrate on the
floor. None who know this young man could
entertain such an idea. I have known him from
childhood. I used to have some control over him;
but the scholar has become the master, and I sup-
pose he would not care much about my advice
now. By an hereditary tie our families are more
closely united than any two with whom I have
been acquainted. But that is far apart from the
question. Independent of his filial feelings for
me, and his regard for me as his constituent and
Senator, I have no doubt that a personal feeling
of regard for myself individually influenced him.
He approached that man with no other purpose
than to disgrace him as far as he could; but the
stick broke. After it broke he was reduced
to a kind of necessity—a contingency not appre-
hended at all in the original inception of the pur-
pose of making the assault. Notwithstanding
all that lAs been said of his brutality, he is one
ofthebest tempered fellows I ever knew—impetu-
ous, no doubt, and quick in resentment, but he
did not intend what has been assigned to him.
After all that has been said and done, on a post
helium examination, what is it? A fight in the
Senate Chamber, resulting in two flesh wounds,
which ought not to have detained him from the
Senate. Being rather a handsome man, perhaps
he would not like to expose himself by making
his appearance for some time: but if he had been
in the Army, there was no reason why he should
not go to the field the next day; and he would
deserve to be cashiered if he did not go. "What
does his physician say ? He says that there were
but two flesh wounds; that he never had a fever
while under his care and attendance, and that he
was ready to come into the Senate the next day,
but for his advice; and his advice was, that he
should not come into the Senate, because it would
aggravate the excitement already too high. He
did not recommend him not to go into the com-
mittee room to be examined on the ground that
his wounds had enfeebled him, but for other con-
siderations, because it might aggravate the excite-
ment already prevailing to an extent which might
lead to mischievous consequences.
This, then, is the mode of redress to which
Mr. Brooks resorted. I do not say what I should
have advised him to do, but perhaps it was for-
tunate that I was absent in one respect, for I
certainly should not have submitted to that in-
sult. Possibly it might not have been offered if
1 were present, though I do not know the fact,
because 1 cannot say exactly what would be the
course of one of those persons who have a way
of fabricating speeches. Perhaps, being in his
speech, lie would have had to read it; but I think
it-possible that on the appeal which I would have
made on my discretion, his friends might have
induced him to reform it in some way so as to
conform at least to the requirements of common
decency in public opinion. If he had not done
so, I do not know what would have been my
course.
For this transaction, as I have detailed it, and
without the intelligence which I have detailed
being before them, the Legislature of Massachu-
setts have sent their resolutions here. These
resolutions are without a precedent in the history
of this country. I hope other Senators will speak
to them, for they are not only an insult to South
Carolina and her representatives in Congress, but
I think they assail the Constitution of the country.
Before commenting on them, I may be permitted
to allude to the first precedent of a congressional
fight, which was between two members from
New England.
This affair is said to be an evidence of southern
violence and southern ruffianism. Some papers
speak of the bowie-knife and the revolver of
southern blackguards. Why, sir, the first fight
which took place in Congress was between Mat-
thew Lyon and Roger Griswold, from Connec-
ticut. Our ancestors in those days looked upon a
fight with very little of the importance which is
now attached to it. They said it was so unim-
portant, that they were vexed that so much of the
time of the House was occupied in considering it.
It seems that Matthew Lyon, originally^ an
officer in the Army, had been cashiered and
awarded a wooden sword. He then lived in Con-
necticut. At that time, and at this, too, in Con-
necticut, there was a pretty pressing opinion
against a low man, and he could not stand it. He
had to move over into Vermont, a new State, then
the frontier of the country. He was elected a
member of Congress from Vermont. He was
one of the Democrats. I suppose he was one of
the Red Republicans of that day against John
Adams's administration. Was he a Democrat ?
Mr. FOOT. Yes, sir; he was a Democrat.
Mr. BUTLER. It was before the gentleman
from Vermont taught school there, and Lyon as-
sumed to be a kind of apostle of liberty and De-
mocracy. Not satisfied with instructing the
people of Vermont, he went to Mr. Griswold of
Connecticut; stood behind his seat and told him,
" Sir, you do not represent Connecticut correctly;
I know these people; they are mean people; they
will tike $1,000 as soon as $9,000 for a salary.'
Griswold stood it for a great while. Finally
Lyon said, " I will go over to Connecticut; I
will talk to these people, and 1 will have an in-
fluence upon them; I will show whether you
ought to occupy your seat or not." Griswold
said, " I hope you will not go with your wooden
sword." He repeated this twice; and after some-
body suggested to Lyon that the third time was
too much, he spit in Griswold's face. A great
hubbub was raised, and Lyon was brought up, I
suppose, to his perfect delight, to be tried as to
whether he should be expelled from the House
of Representatives Or not. On the following day,
Griswold involved himself in a difficulty without
any consideration. He took a good hickory
stick and went to Lyon. He did not give him
any notice at all. They fought with hickory
•ticks, and spit-boxes, and tongs, all over the
House of Representatives, while the House was
in session. Our hardy ancestors at that time did
not think a fight of so much importance that they
should take it into serious consideration. They
said, let them both go. They refused to expel
either of them.
When Mr. Randolph struck Mr. Allstine, the
matter was brought before the House; but none
of these things were considered of a sufficient
magnitude to invoke the high function of a Legis-
lature sending its missive to Congress to tell them
what to do. Massachusetts is the first to set the
example. She has not only administered a rep-
rimand to Mr. Brooks without any evidence; ehf
has not only assumed to pronounce judgment
before hearing the evidence, like a judge passing
sentence on a criminal before hearing his defense;
but she has undertaken indiscriminately to say.
that she demands of the Congress of the United
States to carry out her behests in regard to what
she considers to be an outrage upon the priv-
, ileges of the Senate.
Can anything be more insulting to the Con-
gress of the United States than the spectacle of
a State sending down a message to its "faithful
Commons"—a message that they are to pro-
nounce this or that judgment? Are we to submit
to this? I did not wish to make the contest; but,
in my opinion, these resolutions, in the terms
1 they import, ought not to have been received by
I the Senate.
Taking all these things into consideration, in-
dicted as Mr. Brooks has been by an ex parte
accusation, without evidence, without even the
finding of a grand jury, what is his position ? If
his case could go before any impartial tribunal,
and I could employ counsel such as I would se-
lect, probably I would choose ray friend from
California, [Mr. Weller,] who lives in a free
State, who is an impartial man, an advocate, a
gentleman, a man of honor and courage.
If a civil action were brought by Mr. Sumner
against Mr. Brooks for assault and battery, I
pledge myself that, with all the resources he could
bring to his command, he would be able to reduce
the verdict to a penny damages. What would be
the state of the pleadings? Mr. Brooks struck
Mr. Sumner, would be the allegation. It would
be admitted that he struck him, and inflicted two
flesh wounds. Mr. Sumner would reply," I am
a Senator of the United States; and although the
Senate was not in session, I was in that sacred
temple, and my character is so sacred under the
privileges of the Senate, that I am not to be as-
sailed." What would Mr. Brooks's counsel
rejoin? The rejoinder would be, "Sir, you had
Erofaned and cfisgraced the seat you occupied,
efore you were struck."
Then the question would be, what is this priv-
ilege so much spoken of—freedom of debate?
The court would examine the question, whether
what was said was privileged within the rules of
the Senate, or whether it was a libel. If it should
be pronounced to be a libel, and I were the judge
before whom an action were brought—if a man
brought before me could show that another in-
sulted his mother, or his father, or his sister, or
himself, or his country, I would say to the man
who inflicted the blow, " My duty is to fine you;
you are not justified by the law;* but it is my
privilege to say that, whilst I will enforce the law
and maintain its dignity, I shall fine you as small
a sum.as I possibly can within my discretion."
Now let me state the testimony in such an
action. It would be that, in the absence of the
Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Sumner rose
in his seat, and pronounced what northern papers
themselves say is an unparalleled insult, not only
to the State of South Carolina, but to her absent
Senator. It is one for which I cannot account.
I ought to thank one of the Boston editors—I
think the editor of the Courier—for a beautiful,
perhaps an undeserved compliment, which he has
paid to my speech. I ought to thank him here
publicly, as one who has independence enough
to express his opinions in opposition to the tide
prevailing in his part of the country. In my
absence, language was used of me which, I ven-
ture to say, no one who knew me believed. I
might put that question to the Senator's colleague.
I know nothing against either of the Senators
from Massachusetts personally or privately. I
dare say, as neighbors and individuals, I should
not have the least right to complain of their judg-
ment outside of the influences which operate
! upon theni publicly and politically. They have
no right here to attack any man's private char-
acter. I never transgressed the limits of propri-
ety to reach over and look at any man's private
character. I do not know that I have anything
against Mr. Sumner's private character; but that
has nothing to do with the matter. Here, in his
place, in colore officii, as a Senator from Massa-
chusetts, he undertook to tradace and calumniate
the revolutionary history of South Carolina, and
to make remarks in regard to one of her Senators
