1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
this engraving. They simply say that they have
been told by the superintendent that they must act
upon the question. He is right there, because
he cannot have the documents printed until there
has been some action of the House, and of the
Committee on Engraving. They say they want
to leave the matter to the determination of the
House, so as to shield themselves from all blame
hereafter. I hope the House will approve of their
conclusion in that regard, and shield them from
blame hereafter, by laying the proposition on the
table, and putting the matter at rest now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will add another view to
that which has been so well presented by my
friend from New York. It is this: the object of
engravingmaps and charts which accompany the .
President's message is, that we may have before j
us something which will furnish useful informa- j
tion, not only to-day, but in time to come. Now, ;
the proposition is to engrave a map of all the pub- j
lie lands which have been surveyed within a given j
time; or, rather, since the hist annual message of I
the President of the United States. I do not know \
how much of the public lands have been surveyed;
but I takeitforgranted that large tracts of countiy !
have been surveyed; and if we now engrave a map j
of them they will, as was well remarked, con- :
stitute a volume in themselves. And of what j
use will they be ? Why, probably within a year |
or two at the outside, most of these lands will be i
taken up. They will have been entered. They :
will first be proclaimed for sale, then they will be j
open to private entry, and 111 a short time may j
be entered, and will pass from their condition as I
public lands. These maps will then be of not the j
least public utility. ;
All will admit that the only use that can be ,
made of these maps will be to enable men who !
may desire to make entries of land <5 to make ex- J
animations by means of the maps of the lands I
for sale and subject to entry. Well, sir, that
would seldom be done. Persons, especially those
living in the new States, who desire to purchase
lands, do not generally resort to that course.
In the first place the lands are surveyed under
the direction of the General Land Office. Then, !
as they arc surveyed, the President of the United
States, in his discretion, issues his proclama-
tion, bringing them into market. They are first
put up at public sale, and if the minimum price
is offered they are bid off, and become private
property. Such as have not been disposed of
arc then subject to private entry at a dollar and
a quarter per acre. Well, sir, there will not be
more than one person in a hundred who, if
he desires to enter lands, would not go to the
land office and examine for himself. In some
instances it is done by another party; but in al-
most every instance a person wishing to make
entries, especially if it is in the section of coun-
try in which he is, will go and examine the
land for himself, and know what it is that he is
purchasing before he will make his entry. That '
is the course pursued, I venture to say, in ninety- ;
nine cases out of every one hundred. They then
go to the land office, where there is a map, show-
ing precisely what lands are open for entry in
the various townships in which they may desire
to locate. They make their entries, and the en-
tries are marked upon the books of the land office,
so that there is nothing saved to the party enter- i
in,o-the land. There is nothing gained—it answers j
no3 useful purpose—it will furnish no matter of ;
history for the information of the people. And :
why? Because that department of the Govern- ,
ment which has charge of the great subject ot the
public lands keep their own maps, and maps that
are much more useful, if not more authentic, than
these will be. Therefore I cannot see what good
purpose will be subserved by engiavmg these
maps. The Government, as I have already ob- ;
served, keeps its own maps.
Sir, while I approve the course the Committee
on Engraving have taken in bringing this matter
before°the House for its action, in my opinion
the House had better not have the engraving
done. I do not know what has been the history
of the previous action of the House in reference !
to this matter; 1 do not remember ever to have had :
my attention called to any proposition of this
kind heretofore; but, whatever may have been the
action of the House in former years, I think these
engravings will advance no public interest, and !
will advance no private interest, unless it may be, [
as has been suggested, of the person who gets the
contract for doing the work.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Alabama one question, if he
will allow me. I want to know whether it has
not been in accordance with the practico of the
House to publish any maps accompanying the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments?
Mr. HOUSTON. I said that I did not re-
member what had been the usage of the House
upon that subject. If this resolution does not
interfere with the practice of the House, I think
the practice is wrong, and that we should arrest
it now.
Let me present one other view in a few words.
If it be useful for us to have these maps engraved,
it is useful, in connection with the public lands;
and before we determine to have the engraving
done, we should certainly wait until the Commit-
tee on Public Lands have had ail opportunity to
report to us upon the subject of the utility of the
work. That committee have especial charge of the
public lands, and are supposed to have better in-
formation in relation to them. Let Chem, there-
fore, first examine the matter. They can then
report to the House; and if it shall be found that
it is desirable to have this engraving done 1 cer-
tainly shall not object.
Mr. KELSEY obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman from
New York will allow me, before he makes his
remarks upon this subject, I beg the House to
bear in mind that they do not know what is the
character of these works, nor what will be the
expense of publication at all. The resolution is
itself a general one, and not in conformity with
those which have preceded it. By reference to
the resolutions which have heretofore been passed
upon the subject, it will be seen that they are all
specific. I find that one of them orders the pub-
lication of the maps and engravings accompany-
ing the President's message, provided the cost
does not exceed $18,000. There is another,
passed subsequently, authorizing similar engrav-
ing, provided the cost shall not cxceed §900. But
this resolution requires these maps to be published,
without any reference to their cost. 1 therefore
move to recommit this resolution to the Com-
mittee oil Engraving, with instructions to inquire
what are the maps that it is proposed to publish,
and what will be the cost of publishing the same.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
accordingly recommitted with instructions.
PAPERS FROM THE COURT OP CLAIMS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to offer a res-
olution, to which I ask the attention of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Air. Haven*.]
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the clerk of the Com t of Claims place
upon the files of the Ifou e the papers m the casie of Alaik
and lvieliuid Bean.
Mr. ALLISON. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; I will withdraw
it.
The resolution was accordingly received, and
taken up for consideration.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make a short
explanation to the House.
Mr. DAVIDSON. There is no objection; why
not let it go without explanation ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Very well; let it go.
The resolution was adopted.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. DAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Rn*olved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to furnish to thu House all the information in ins posses-
sion m ielation to the construction and preseitf ownership
of the Louisville and Portland canal; its capacity for pa^s-
inif the eomineice of the western liveis; and such sugges-
tions as lie may deem necessary to give this House a full
undeist.uidni^'as lo the impiovi-menta lequned at the Falls
of the Ohio loi the gtowmg commerce of the Wc>t.
Mr. SHORTER asked leave to introduce a
series of resolutions m relation to the Massachu-
setts personal liberty bill.
Mr. ALLISON objected,
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to prevent the
removal of certain land offices in the State of
Mississippi; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee 011 Public
.Lands.
KANSAS ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, reported from the Committee
of Elections:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con-
tested-election case from the Territory ot' Kansas, be, and
are lieieby, empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
Messrs. TRAFTON, DAVIS of Maryland,
and WAKEMAN, successively addressed the
House. Their speeches are withheld for revision,
and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. PURVIANCE then obtained'the floor.
Mr. EDIE. If the gentleman will yield, I will
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I yield for that purpose.
ELECTION LAWS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MEACHAM. Before the motion to ad-
journ is acted on, I desire to report a bill from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
No objection being made,
Mr. MEACHAM reported back from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, a bill
to define the rights of voters, and the duties of
commissioners of election in the city of "Wash-
ington, and for other purposes, and moved that
it be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That, sir, is a
very important bill, and ought to be acted upon
at an early day. I propose to the gentleman
from Vermont, who reported the bill, that it be
postponed until next Tuesday, and be printed.
There is nothing in it which requires that it
should be sent to a committee. Postpone it until
next Tuesday, and then, if it is thought best, it
can be referred.
Mr. SAGE. I think the bill had better take
the usual course. If it is not allowed to do so,
I shall object to its being reported.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot do that,
as it lias already been reported by unanimous
consent and read. I move that the consideration
of the bill be postponed until Tuesday next, and
that it bo printed.
Mr. MEACHAM. I accept the gentleman's
motion as a modification of mine.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion by Mr. EDIE, (at three
o'clock and thirty-five minutes,) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 13, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMO-RIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of John
Shorb, administrator of John Shorb, deceased,
praying for indemnity for French spoliations prior
to 1800; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
George M. Weston, commissioner of the State
of Maine, praying for the settlement of the claims
of that State against the United States, arising
under the fourth article of the treaty of Washing-
ton, of August 9,3 84£2; which was referred to the
Committee oil Claims?.
Also, the petition of John Morrill, in behalf of
the heirs of Charles Chapin, praying that they
may be allowed a pension for his services as an
officer in the revolutionary army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Virginia, requesting the Senators
j and Representatives of that State in Congress to
j endeavor to effect the passage of a law which
! shall provide an opportunity to those officers of
! the Navy who have been aggrieved by the action
i of the late naval board to vindicate themselves,
| and which shall subject the whole Navy to a
j proper reform; which were read, and ordered to
I Do printed.
