634
AFPENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jane 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Mr. Ifyooks xmd Mr. Sumner—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
on this "floor,  coequal with him, to which no
one could have submitted. It happens that that
Senator was the constituent of a member of the
House of Representatives, who was his friend.
That friend, finding that his own blood was in-
sulted by an insult to his absent relative, was
goaded on by the necessity of circumstances to
take some measure of revenge. As I said yester-
day, surely under such circumstances much is to
be pardoned to the feelings of a man acting under
sucn motives.
With these remarks I dismiss the resolutions
of Massachusetts, hoping that somebody else
besides a Senator from South Carolina will say
Something of them,for I do not wish to identify
myself too much with them as a personal matter.
I have attempted to keep aloof from that.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts, in his speech,
made one or two allusions which I must inci-
dentally notice to show how erroneous he is
whenever he touches any subject. He says I
indulged in licentious abuse of the people of Kan-
sas. When he speaks of the people of Kansas
I suppose he means those who were sent there
by the aid societies. I oresume he considers
nctbody as the people of Kansas except those
■who have the impression upon them of the people
■whom he designates to choose and comprehend
■within the term, ""people of Kansas." He has
no regard for the people of Kentucky, of Mis-
souri, of Iowa, of Virginia, of South Carolina,
who may have gone into that Territory, but he
Says I have abused its people. I never did abuse
them. I did say that the man who came here
with the so-called petition of Kansas in his hands
without signatures, was attempting to come into
the fold of this Federal Government by a fraud.
I did not use as strong an expression as my friend
from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and others. I did not
Bay that the petition was a forgery. I denounced
it as a violation of the rules of the Senate to print
* paper of that kind, or to give it the dignity
of a.paper coming from a State. This is all that
I said. I did not abuse the people. But what
does Mr. Sumner say of the portion, my portion,
if he chooses to call them so, though I do not
wish so to characterize them, of the people of
Kansas? He speaks of them as " hirelings, picked
from^the drunken spew and vomit of an uneasy
civilization—in the form of men—
"' Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men ;
As bounds and grayhounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs,
Shoilghs, water-rags, and demi-wolves, are called
All by the name of dogs."'
Sir, he could not have provoked me in the spi-
rit of controversy to say that. I have no doubt
many worthy individuals have gone theTe under
the influence of aid societies; I have not com-
pared them, as the Senator has those who have
gone there from Arkansas, Missouri, and Vir-
ginia, to the genus ofwolves, dogs, andhirelings
from the Spew of an uneasy civilization. All are
flogs, in his estimation, that do not come under
the impression of his indorsement. This is lan-
guage which I could not use of any set of men with
whom I was not acquainted. If I were to settle
in Kansas to-morrow among those very people, I
think it probable that I should be on good terms
with them; for I have never had a dispute with a
neighbor. I do not think these people would
disturb me. But what think you of this denun-
ciation—this rhetorical bombardment from the
Senate of the United States, of a class of indi-
viduals, as honorable and brave a set of men, I
doubt not, as any other, though, perhaps, reck-
less to some extent. I regret the issue pending
in Kansas. I said before, and now repeat, that
the very last fate to which this country should
be reduced, would be to commit the arbitrament
of great questions to the issue of the sword in
the nands of youth willing to contend and pleased
with the pride of engaging in arms, and having
bestowed on them all the fascination which can
be imparted by danger and trial.
There is another part of his speech to which I
must allude, which evinces—I do not like to use
the word, but I cannot help it—the charlatan
more than any production of his that I have ever
seen. I was surprised when I saw it, and I
venture to say there is not a person who hears
me read it but will share my surprise. On a
I former occasion 1 Snoke of serving the common-
| law process upon Sharpe's rifles. The Senator
I from Massachusetts undertook to say that I
I maintained the opinion that it was the duty of
the Government' to take the rifles out of the
hands of those who had them. Who ever under-
stood anything of that kind from my remarks ?
I used "Sharpe's rifles" as I would use the
name of a corporation to serve process upon, but
I had no idea of going and taking the rifles out
of the hands of individuals. Let me read that
part of his speech in which he treats of it:
" Next comes the Remedy of Folly, which, indeed, is also
a Remedy of Tyranny ; but its Folly is so surpassing as to
eclipse even its Tyranny. It does not proceed from the
President. With this proposition he is not in any way charge-
able. It comes from the Senator from South Carolina, who,
at the close of a long speech, offered it as his single contri-
bution to the adjustment of this question, and who thus far
stands alone in its support. It might, therefore, fitly bear
; his name ; but that which I now give to it is a more suggest-
ive synonim.
"This proposition, nakedly expressed, is that the people
of Kansas should be deprived of their arms. That I may not
do the least injustice to the Senator, i quote his precise
j words:
"' The President of the United States is under the highest
and most solemn obligations to interpose; and if I were to
indicate the manner in whichhs should interpose in Kan-
sas, I would point out the old common-law process. I
would serve a warrant on Sharpe's rifles, and if Sharpe's
rifles did not answer the summons, and come into court
on a day certain, or if they resisted the sheriff, I would sum-
mon the posse comitatus, and would have Colonel Sumner's
regiment to be a part of that posse comitatus.'
" Really, sir, has it come to this ? The rifle has ever been
the companion of the pioneer, and, under God, his tutelary
protector against the red man and the beast of the forest.
Never was this efficient weapon more needed in just self-
defense than now in Kansas, and at least one article in
our national Constitution must be blotted out, before the
complete right to it can in any way be impeached. And
yet, such is the madness of the hour, that, in defiance of the
solemn guarantee, embodied in the Amendments to the Con-
stiti^ion, that ' the right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed,' the people of Kansas have
been arraigned for keeping and bearing them, and the Sen-
ator from South Carolina has had the face to say openly, on
this floor, that they should be disarmed—of course, that the
fanaties of Slavery, his allies and constituents, may meet
no impediment. Sir, the Senator is venerable with years;
he is reputed also to have worn at home, in the State which
he represents, judicial honors; and he is placed here at the
head of an important committee occupied panicularly with
questions of law; but neither his years nor bis position, past
or present, can give respectability to the demand he has
made, or save him from indignant condemnation, when, to
compass the wretched purposes of a wretched cause, he
thus proposes to trample on one of the plainest provisions
of constitutional liberty."
His conclusion is that I intended to send a
posse there to take away the rifles from those
who owned them. I simply said that there was
an organized body whose pronomen was Sharpe's
rifles, and that I would serve such process as to
bring them before the court. This was the plain
meaning of my language. I would not take them
unless they resisted. If they were disposed to
answer in court I would let them answer; I would
indict them for resistance to the law, and have a
fair and open trial before a jury. This was my
meaning. He has gone off with a beautiful con-
ception which may suit'the meridian—no, sir, I
will not say it, fbr I believe it suits no meridian
w'here intelligence, and good -sense, and honor,
and justice prevail.
There is one point upon which I have no doubt
the Senator will be more sore under my criticism :
than in regard to almost anything else, though it :
does not affect his honor, nor do I know that it I
affects his popular reputation. He has chosen to I
go out of his way to make a fling at me, by saying <
that I never can be right in my statements of law |
or Constitution, or even in the diversions of schol- j
arship. Now, what did I see the other day? I
do not believe that the Senator is guilty of mean-
ness, but hispapers are full of the idea—and theV
have almost made a caricature of it—that when!
wanted a Latin quotation I had to hand it over
to him, and then bring it back and put it before
the public. When Mr. Sumner ana myself sat
near each other, I did not hesitate to talk to him
about Latin. I believe the only time I ever asked"!
him for a quotation was for one which I intended [
to insert in my obituary notice of Mr. Webster; j
and I recollect that on one occasion I made a quo- j
tation from Juvenal, and he gave me the Latin,
for which I was very much obliged to him. I do 1
not pretend to compete with Mr. Sumner in the
attainments of scholarship; but I must say of
him, whatever may be his attainments as a ,
| scholar, I very much fear he is like one of those
i who has a full supply of water in his mill-pond,
' but does not know now to turn it on a wheel so
as to move the machinery; or, rather, it is such
a.i even current that it runs upon a gentle de-
clivity, and has no fall to turn any wheel at all.
He has enough of it, and it is always running,
but what good it has done I do not know. I said
on one occasion that he had not made it subser-
I vient to the judgment of a statesman; nor do I
believe he has used it as an orator would do on a
high theme.
The best part of his late speech is a periphrasis
Of Demosthenes—almost a servile imitation of the
apostrophe of Demosthenes. I never saw such a
j remarkable resemblance. When I said yester-
day that this speech had an identity with his
former ones, I should have excepted this pas-
sage which adopted the language and the senti-
ments of Demosthenes. I do not say it is a pla-
giarism; but it is a remarkable imitation, as far
as one man incapable of comprehending the true
| spirit of Demosthenes could imitate him. Let
me give you the two passages. Here is Demos-
thenes upon the crown speaking to the Athenians
upon the responsibility of a man who was con-
tending for his reputation and his administra-
tion:
'• It cannot be that you have acted wrong in encounter-
ing danger for the liberty and safety of all Greece. No !
By the generous souls who were exposed atMaratlion ! By
those who stood arrayed at Plat®! By those who encoun-
tered the Persian fleet at Salamis—who fought at Artemi-
sium! By all those illustrious sons of Athens whose remains
lie deposited in the public monuments!" * * * "What
belongs to gallant men they all performed—their success
was such as Providence dispensed to each."
Here is Mr. Sumner, speaking of Massachu-
setts:
" But it cannot be that she acts wrong for herself and
children, when in this cause she thus .encounters reproach.
No! By the generous souls who were exposed at Lexing-
ton—by those who stood arrayed at Bunker Hill—by the
many from her bosom Who, on all the fields of the first great
struggle, lent their vigorous arms to the great cause of all—
by the children she has borne, whose names alone are
national trophies, is Massachusetts now vowed irrevocably
to this work. What belongs to the faithful servant she
will do in all things, and Providence shall determine the
result."
Here you have Lexington substituted for Mar-
athon, and Bunker Hill for Plataea; and he has
named Lexington and Bunker Hill, for they, I
believe, are the only battles of the Revolution
fought in Massachusetts, and they are glorious
fields. This, as I have Baid, is a remarkable
imitation. It is the best part of the speech. It
is the only thing, except those polluting person-
alities to which I have alluded—but I will not
use that term, because they hurt nobody—which
distinguishes it from his former efforts.
Mr. President, I have convicted the Senator of
making a speech whioh was not in response to
anything 1 Baid. I have convicted him of such
historical errors as no man can mistake. I have
convicted him of making allegations against me
of being ignorant of lawand of Constitutions, and
yet when ne undertook to quote and expound the
constitution of South Carolina, I have shown that
he either never read that constitution, or he could
not understand it, or, if he did understand it, he
willfully misrepresented it. He has been guilty
of the supprtssio vert and the svggeatio falsi. He
cannot escape from these propositions.
I have a copy of the Senator's speech before
me, and now I am going to turn his gun upon
him. I ask the Senate to see if I do not turn it
upon him to such an extent as to allow me to
apply the apposite quotation of which I have
often made use:
" Mutato nomine, de te
Fabula narratur."
Here is what he says of me:
" With regret I come again upon the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who, omnipresent in this debate"
Why, sir, I have counted the Congressional
Globe, and my remarks make but twelve pages,
while his are thirty-two. I have not gone into
the subject at as great length as my friends from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
and others. My speeches all put together on
this subject are but twelve pages , and his are thir-
ty-two; while those of his coadjutors amount, I
suppose, to a hundred more. Yet he said I was
onuiioresent in this debate! I will not say that
