1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
j
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Illinois river;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor at Chicago, Illinois; and
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor at Waukegan, Illinois.
Mr. GEYER, by unanimous consent, previous
notice not having been given, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill to provide for three
months' extra pay to the third regiment of Mis-
souri volunteers; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimous consent, previous
notice not having been given, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill to amend the act approved
the 30th of August, 1852, entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled, ' An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,'
and for other purposes;" which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
KANSAS AFFAIRS—PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to bring to the notice
of the Senate the resolution which was referred
yesterday to the Committee on Printing. It is
made the duty of thai committee to report so soon
as they shall have reached a conclusion upon any
subjcct referred to them by the Senate. A reso-
lution to provide for printing sixty-twathousand
additional copies of the majority report of the
Committee on Territories was referred to the
Committee on Printing yesterday. There arc but
two members of that committee now present in
the city; and we disagree upon the subject. The
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] my col-
league on the committee, docs not think it is ne-
cessary to print this number, if any at all. On
,he contrary, for my own part, I think sixty-two
thousand copies ought to be printed. We are
unable to agree; we have no umpire to decide be-
tween us but the Senate. In accordance with the
law, we report back the resolution, and leave the
Senate to determine for itself whether it will print
sixty-two thousand copies or not.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the question is
now on printing the number proposed i
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
the motion of the Senatorfrom Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,]
to print sixty-two thousand copies of the report
of the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 would inquire of my
friend from Arkansas, whether the motion to
print covered both the majority and minority rc-
poits?
Mr. JOHNSON. The resolution, I believe,
covered but one. I will ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That tlie motion to print sixty-two thousand ad-
tional copies of the report of the Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred so much of the annual message of
the President of the United Stales as relates to terutoiiai
affairs, together vvitll llis special message of January 24,
lfejb, m legard to Kansas Teiritory, and his message ol the
18th of Tebiuaiy, 18o6, in compliance with a ie«olut!on of
the Senate, of February 4, lSoS, requesting the trans-cnpts
of ceitain papers lelative to tlie aflans of the Teiritory of
Kansas, be referied to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] who offered the
resolution, that there is a mistake in its language.
He meant to include both reports.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was laboring under an
entire misapprehension, when I conversed with
the chairman in regard to the. character of the
resolution; and at the proper time I will explain
it. I certainly am not disposed to oppose the
printing of a reasonable number—I cannot now
state what number—of this report, but 1 mistook
it for another one. Perhaps, if there is any mis-
take about it, it will be corrected, and then I will
state my understanding.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remark
that the original motion was simply stated ver-
bally by the Senator from Ohio. It was after-
wards reduced into the form of a resolution by
the Secretary. It is correct on the Journal, and
should include the majority and minority report.
Mr. STUART. The mistake may be corrected
in three words, by inserting " the majority and
minority," before the word "report."
The PRESIDENT. If it be the pleasure of
the Senate, that change will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to explain this
matter. The chairman of the Committee on
Printing called me aside a few moments since and
showed me this resolution, and I entirely misap-
prehended the puiport of it. I supposed it was
the proposition offered some time ago by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Weller,] which
is now under debate, to print a certain num-
ber of additional copies of the President's mes-
sage with regard to Kansas, and also his special
message embracing the laws of Kansas, which
would make a very large book. I stated to the
Senator that I was opposed to printing any extra
numbers of the document, as I thought a sufficient
number had been printed. 1 entirely misappre-
hended what the document was. With regard to
this report of the Committee on Territories, I can
only say (after having explained my entire mis-
apprehension) that I have had no opportunity to
consult with the chairman m reference to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will ask leave to
withdraw the report for the present, with a view
to confer with my colleague on it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator has a right
to withdraw liis report. The matter will b«re-
ferred back to the committee.
DR. KANE'S ARCTIC EXPEDITIOIC
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
proposition yesterday offered by Mr. Bigler,
winch had, at the suggestion of Mr. Seward,
been modified so as to read :
Resolved, That tlie Committee on the Library he instructed
to purchase, for the use of the Senate, ten thousand copies
ofilr. Kane's Nairative of lus late expedition to the An-tic
regions, from Messrs. Childs &. Peterson ■ Provided, The
price shall not exceed five do!!ais pei copy.
The pending question being on Mr. Brod-
head's amendment to add the following proviso:
I'roovlci, That if the said committee should be of opinion',
upon thorough examination, that the said Pi. Kane lia-s
greatly aided tiie cause of science, and impaitcd inhuma-
tion useful to his Government and country, and should deem
it inexpedient to agree to puiehasc a book not officially
made, and not yet published ; that then, and in that case,
the said committee report a bill authoiizing the payment of
.^10,000 or .-fiM.OUO to the said Dr. Kane, or such sum as
they may think right or proper.
Mr. SEWARD. With the consent of the hon-
orable mover of the original proposition, I think
we had better accept the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead.] It
leaves it in the discretion of the committee, and
it is very proper that it should be reposed in them.
If it would remove all objection to the passage of
the resolution, I think we had better accept it,
and I have reason to presume that the committee
will act otherwise.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I objected to
the proposition of my colleague yesterday, and I
must confess I still feel required to maintain that
opposition. I do not feel at liberty to put Dr.
Kane in the position which would be assigned to
him by the amendment of my colleague. I am
averse to it for that reason. If, however, my
colleague is authorized m any way by Dr. lvane
to suggest to the Senate that such a recognition
of his services, or such a reward as he proposes,
would be at all desirable to him, of course I will
withdraw my objection.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to state the case so as he may under-
stand it ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. It is only to give to tlie Com-
mittee on the Library a discretion to change the
plan if they shall think proper. I see no reason
to believe they will approve of the course sug-
gested by the other honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] but I see no objection
to giving them the discretion to consider upon
the subject. If they shall agree with the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania who now has
the floor [Mr. Bigler] and with me, they will
make the purchase of the books on onrpiati. If
they shall disapprove of it, they will introduce a
bill providing for the other course. If, however,
the honorable Senator, after considering it, does
not incline to accept the amendment of his col-
league, and supposes that it will embarrass the
resolution, or will prevent its passage altogether,
I will stand with him for the original resolution.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, with the dis-
tinct declaration to the Senate that, so far as my
knowledge goes, Dr. Kane never has desired any
such direct reward for his services, or any con-
sideration in the shape of money, and that he
has no knowledge of this proposition and no con-
nection with it whatever, I will yield to the sug-
gestion of the Senatorfrom New York, and allow
the resolution to be amended as proposed, and
then let the whole subject to go to the committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The original proposition
is only one of inquiry, is it not?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; it is peremptory.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have the
resolution read.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I thought that the original
resolution was in the usual form of resolutions of
inquiry; I did not know that it was peremptory in
its terms; but that is not material. In reply to
the inquiry of my colleague, who asks whether
I have authority from Dr. Kane to propose my
amendment, I desire to say that I have had no-
conference with him upon the subject, and he
has not authorized it. I understand my honorable
colleague to say that Dr. Kane has not advised,
and has no connection whatever with, the original
proposition. From whence, then, does it come ?
tt must come from the book publishers.
Mr. BIGLER. I think my colleague misun-
derstood me. I hope he will allow me to ex-
plain.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly,
Mr. BIGLER. 1 intended my remark to apply
to the amendment of the Senator himself, and not
to the original proposition to purchase Dr. Kane 'a
report, which will be in the shape of a book. I
think I am authorized to say that that would be
very agreeable to Dr. Kane, and is desirable to
him.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am glad to be corrected;
for when we understand each other, we shall
sooner be able to come to a conclusion. We are
now given to understand that it will be an agree-
able thing fo Dr. Kane to have his services recog-
nized by purchasing ten thousand copies of the
book which he proposes to publish, for the Sen-
ate, and, of coursc, ten thousand for the House,
for that will follow, and wo might as well look
the truth in the face at once. Twenty thousand
copies, at five dollars a copy, will cost §100,000;
and thatis the way I understand that the "fiiends"
of Dr. Kane desire to have his services recognizcd.
They do not seem to desire to have him placed in
the position which my amendment contemplates.
Let us see who are lus best friends.
I think it is no disparagement for any man to
receive for valuable services a large pecuniary
; reward. For his valuable services to our coun-
try La Fayette received a large body of land; Com-
modore Perry was allowed the sum of $25,000.
1 The original proposition is to purchase the book.
| For whose benefit is that? Is it for the benefit
of Dr. Kane ? If he is to derive pecuniary profit
from that coursc, I think we had better pay him
j at once, directly t'rom the Treasury. If we take
! ten thousand copies at five dollars per copy, how
I much of that money will go to Dr. Kane ? But
] it may be said, we shall get a consideration for
; the money, by obtaining ten thousand books,
i How many will that be for each Senator? And
i to whom do we give books ? To gentlemen who
! are able to buy them for themselves. No doubt
| the book will be a very interesting one. If so,
those who wish to peruse it will purchase it.
Whore do we get authority to take the people's
money for this purpose - w c might as well give
those gentlemen who have libraries money di-
rectly from the Treasury, as to give them a book
published by money taken from the public funds.
II is said that this is a movement by "the friends
of Dr. Kane." Sir, I am a friend to Dr. Kane.
I was his friend when he was frozen up in the
Arctic regions, and I labored here night and day
. for the purpose of getting up the rescue expedi-
tion; and I succeeded in this body in obtaining
the passage of a bill appropriating $150,000 for
the purpose of rescuing him and his gallant crew
from impending destruction. Then, sir, I had
I not the aid of book publishers to maintain me, and
j to sustain and to represent Dr. Kane. 1 think 1 am
1 authorized to say that he has had nothing to do
! with this proposition. It may be very agreeable
| to him; but 1 do not know why it should be dis-
J agreeable to him to receive at once from the public
