THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2J,
of Kv., Zedediah Kid well of Va., Isaiah D. daw-
son of N. J.
Committee on Expenditures in ihc TVar Depart-
ment.—Messrs. Henry Waldron of Mich., Wil-
liam W. Valk of N. Y., Joshua li. Jewett of
KyThomas Rivers of Tenn., John Covode of
Pa.
Committee on Expenditures in the Navtj Depart-
ment.—Messrs. Thomas L. Harris of 111., John
Wheeler of N. Y., Cadwaidcr C. Washbume of
Wis., Warner L. Underwood of Ky., John V.
Wright of Tenn.
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office De-
partment.—Messrs. John U. Pettit of lnd., Lean-
der M. Cox of Ky., John William*, of N. Y.,
Henry C. Burnett of Ky., Edwin G. Rcade of
Nt C.
Committee on Expenditures on the Public Build-
—Messrs,Fayette McMullin ofVa., Andrew
Z. McCarty of N.Y., James A. Stewart ofMd.,
Samuel F. Swope of Ivy., Robert P. Trippe of
Ga.
Joint Committee on the Library.—Messrs. Wil-
liam Aiken of S. C., Job R. Tyson of Pa., John
XJ. Pettit ofInd.
Joint Committee on Printing.—Messrs. Matthias
H. Nichols of Ohio, Aaron Ii. Cragin ofN. H.,
Thomas T. Flakier of N. Y.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills.—Messrs.
James Pike of N. 11., Thomas G. Davidson of
La., George Vail of N. J.
RENNER AND HEATH.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask the consent of
the House to oiler the following resolution:
Resolved, That (hp Secretary of the Trea-mrv he require*]
to have the rlaim, now on file of the House 01 Repie.-ent-
auves, of the legal lepieseutatives ol Daniel R"niier and
Natlnnn.l Heath, for piopiuty des-troved diium* the Bntish
war of IS1-J, examined upon the pimeiple of equity and
justice, and if, in In* opinion, anything ho due, icpoit the
amount at the next meeting of the pieoent House of iiep-
les&itatives.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to the resolution; and
I give notice that 1 shall object to the transaction
of any business whatever, except that for which
we are called together.
MESSAGE TttOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. PichiMs, their Secretary, notifying the
I louse that the Senate had appointed a committee
to join the committee appointed on the part of the
House to wait on the President of tne United
States, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses had assembled, and wuie ready to receive
any communication from him.
CONDITION OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIDSON". t desire to inform the
House that there wetc sixteen enrolled billxwhich
were icady for the signature, of the Speaker of
the House and the Presudentof the Senate, when
the final adjournment took place at the last ses-
sion of Congress. These bills are on my table;
and it is for the House to say whether the time
taken up by the two Houses in bringing these
bills to their present condition shall be wasted, or
whether they will authorize the Speaker of the
House to sign them, and send them to the Senate
for the signature of the Piesident of that body,
I believe my colleague from the Committee on
Enrolled Hills has a resolution which he wishes
to offer on this subject.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution:
Rewired, fihe Sonaic eoneurrnia:.) That such bills as
paused both llou of the la«t session, hut lor want of iinn>
were either not presented to ihe two House-, tor the muii.i-
lures of then pie-uling n(In.-eiN, or, having been thin signed,
were not presented to the Pie^ulent for appioval, he Dow
j epoited or presented to the President as if no adjournment
had taken place.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 have no objection at all
to that resolution. I hope that it will be passed
by general consent, but that the House will take
up no other business except that for which Con-
gress was called together.
Mr. McMlTLLIN. I rise for the purpose of
suggesting an amendment to the resolution just
offered; but I will not press it if it meets the dis-
approbation of the House. There are several
bills which have passed the Senate, which, to
my mind, justice to those concerned and to the
country requires that we should pass. There
are also bills before the Senate that have passed
this House, which £ think ought to pass that
body.
In this connection, I will also state, that a bill
passed the Senate for the relief of the representa-
tives of General St. Clair,. I objected to that bill
when it was before the House m committee.
Since that time, after an impartial examination,
I have become satisfied that, by objecting, I was
the causc of injustice being done to the repre-
sentatives of General St. Clair. I tried to get the
floor,when the House was last in session, to with-
draw my objection; but did not succeed. This
is a bill which 1 think ought to pass; and there
are others which justice requires should be acted
on. I would suggest, therefore, that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from New Hampshire be
so modified as to permit each House to take up
and act upon such bills as passed the other House
at the late session of Congress. This is a special
session of Congress, called together for a partic-
ular purpose; but, anxious as I am to get home,
1 am willing to remain here two or three days
longer to dispose of this business, and to mete
out justice to those who are here demanding jus-
tice at our hands. I therefore move to amend
the resolution of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire as 1 have indicated. [Cries of " No! No!"
"Out of order!"]
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, in theopiuion of the Chair,
relates to a different class of business from that
embraced by the resolution of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, and is not in order.
Mr. OR 11. I want to .make a remark in reply
to that which has just fallen from my friend from
Viiginia. We are ail of us anxious to go home
—anxious that tbisextrasession should be term-
inated at the ouihest possible moment. Now,
sir, if we enter upon any other business than
that which the resolution of the gentleman from
New llampshiie proposes to consummate, and
the passage of the Army appropriation bill, upon
which the two Houses disagreed, then? is no tell-
ing when we shall be able to adjourn. 1 trust,
therefore, that no new business will be taken up,
and that no business will bq done, except to pass
the Army bill, and to consummate the business
which has passed both Houses, and only requires
the signatures of the presiding officers of the two
Houses to be presented to the President for his
approval.
Mr. WHITNEY. I offer the following as an
amendment to the resolution presented by the
gentleman from i\rew Hampshire:
Ile^,lvc<L (the Sen.tte concurring J That at the present
se--ion of Connie--, eonvened hypioelamation of the Pres-
ident of the Cnued .-t.'tes, no 5e isl,iuvo business shall be
ti.iiwik'fed c\fi-p! -n< h a- i elates to the etibjeet or subject-,
embiaeed speeineallv m the mo«-atrc of the I'le-odent", and
that upon tho-e subjects the speeches m debate shall he
limited to five minute.-: Ptovidcd, That this re-ohmon
shall not pieven! the introduction of teports on enrolled
lulls which have passed both Houses duims? iheiir-t .se^ion
ol the present Con^re^, nor the n aiisnus-iou ot all bills &u
pfio-ed and lepoiV'd to the President foi his appiovpl.
The SPEAKER. The proposition presented
by i be gentleman from New York is not in order,
in the opinion of the Chnir  as an amendment to
the resolution of the gentleman frorHNew Hamp-
shire.
Mr. WASIIBQRNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question upon the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. Is ihete any previous question which
the Chair can lecogmze ?
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House
ad opt I'd at the last session extend, by order of
the House, to the present session.
The previous question was seconded, mid the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SEWARD, i should like to know by
what authority we are going on to legislate into
life the business lost at the last session of Con-
gress, as proposed by that resolution?
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, that resolution is,
in effect, a violation of the Constitution of the
United States. I move to lay it on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution; and being taken, the resolution
was? adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE; of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote b~f which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMER SERVICE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas, it i3 represented that Cornelius Vanderbilt i-3
about to establish a fast and substantial line of steameig
between the city of New York and some port or pons m
Europe: Theiefoie,
It is resolved by the Senate and lionise Representatives
in Congress assembled, That if the s.nd Coniehu-* Vander-
bilt or any person or persons shall establish a i,ne or lines
as proposed, it shall be the duty of the Po.-trna.-4oi Gencial,
upon being notified thereof by the owner or owmas ol sueli
line or lines, to cause a United States mail to be put upon
such line or line? to and fro between thi> country ami
Bnrope,in the same manner and underthe ->ame orsunilar
niles and regulations as those now applicable to the exi t-
m? postal seivicoof the United States now in opeiation
between this country and Eiuope.
And for such service to be so performed, it shall the
duty of the Postmaster General to keep a separate account
of the postage received from the mails nan-sported b\ such
line or line-4, and to pay the samo to the line p-jrioimnisj tho
setvice. in full eoinpen-ation foi the service so performed :
Provided, however, That the hue or lines aioiesaid -hill
not leave tne United tftate-at or about the tune or times of
departme of the pie?ent United States m?uK, bnt '•hull bo
so arranged as to their departure from the United States as
to increase the mail facilities thereof.
Messrs. PELTON and CRAIGE objected.
BUSINESS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I ask leave to offer the
following resolutions:
Resolved. That thii House will proceed immediately to
the consideration of business in the order m which it stood
before the House at the time of its late adjournment, and will
continue its usual daily *e-«>ions until all t-neh bunne^ shall
be disposed ot: Provided, honci a, That nothing in tins
resolution shall require the continuance of Mieh daily ses-
sions longer than until the first day of November ne\t.
Resolved, That no new busmen will be received oi con-
sideted by this House thinner its pre&ent session.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is in my judg-
ment premature to take any action on the busi-
ness of the House until we receive the message of
the President.
Other members objected to Mr. "WooDWOitTirs
resolutions.
Mr. WHITNEY. I offer the resolution which
a moment ago I offered as an amendment to a
pending proposition.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLAGLER. 1 object.
Mr. KELLY. I move that the House take a
recess for an hour.
Mr. STEPHENS and others objected.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask leave to submit some
remarks in the way of personal explanation.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. It will be remembered that
some time since the gentleman from Ohio [Mr,
Sherman] was permitted to make a personal ex-
planation. My friends reserved to me the right
of reply. My opinion is unchanged m reference
to the justness of the course 1 pursued in a former
debate. *
Mr. ORR. I must object to my friend proceed-
ing any further. If personal explanations are to
be permitted on one side, they must be on the
other, and there is no telling when and where they
will end.
Mr. SAVAGE. I hope my friend will with-
draw his objection. [Cries of " Order,'* " 1 ob-
ject," i£c.]
Air. SHERMAN. I wish to state that my col-
league, Mr. Galloway, has paired off with Mr.
Carutiikrs.
ISAAC ADAMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee With the con-
sent of the House, I will state a fact with regard
to the bill for the relief of Isaac Adams, which
pu&sed during the last session of Congress. I do
not ask any action at the present session. The
fact which I desire to put upon the record is this;
Some difficulty has occurred at the Patent Office
concerning the issuance of a new patent to Mr.
Adams, because of the insertion in the bill of the
word " fourteenth," instead of " fourth," the 4th
of October being the day on which the patent was
originally issued* The 4th of October was the
date intended to be put in the bill, and the 14th
appears in it. It is a cleiical error, i. have cer-
tified this fact to the Speaker of the House. I do
not propose that any action shall be taken in the
matter at this time. If there be further difficulty
