636
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Washburn, Jr., of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
disguise it as men will, is, is it right ? For the
"one-idea man who thinks it is, and says so, I
have respect; for the dou2hface who believes that
it is not, and says practically by his acts and votes
that it is, I have nothing: but loathing and unutter-
able scorn. Sir, if slavery be right in the largest
sense, it is beneficent—it "is for the advantage of
the slave, the slaveholder, and of the State. If it
wrong either, it can have no good foundation in
principle or in fact. If justifiable or defensible at
all, it cannot be limited to the black. The negro
is a man. He stands upright; he sees, hears,
speaks, feels, as other men. He has intelligence;
he converses, reasons, laughs, and weeps; re-
quites, resents; loves, and hates. The essential
part of him is not his color, his hair, or heel. The
Richmond Enquirer, the leading public journals,
and intelligent pro-slavery men generally, admit
that there is no foundation in reason for limiting
slavery to the negro, and maintain that the whites
who are ignorant and dependent upon the labor
of their hands for subsistence ought to be held in
slavery, and that it would be better for them to
be slaves than freemen. To this point I quote
the Enquirer as follows:
"They [those holding Mr. Jefferson's doctrine] begin to
reason, by assuming slavery to be morally and religiously
wrong; and the South hitherto lias granted their premises,
and attempted to justify negro slavery as an exception to
a general rule, or, if wrong, as a matter of bargain between
the North and the South. The laws of God and nature are
immutable, and wn cannot bargain them away. While it is
for more obvious that negroes should be slaves than whites
—for they are only fit to labor, not to dircct—yet the prin-
ciple of slavery is itself right, and does not depend on differ-
ence of complexion."
Again, in another article, I read:
"Freedom is sot possible without slaverv. Every
civil polity, and every social system, implies gradation of
rank and condition. In the States of the South an aristoc-
racy of vhite men is based on negro slavery ; and the ab-
sence of negro slavery would be supplied by white
men."
A Mr. Fitzhugh, of Virginia, published, in
1854, a work entitled, "Sociology for the South; or
the Failure of Free Society," and which has been
extravagantly commended in the slave States as
an exposition of the foundation and philosophy
of slavery. From an appendix to this volume,
I make the following extracts:
"In old countries human wisdom can devise no effectual
means to provide for the poor, where lands have become
separate property, except by making slaves of those who hold
no property to those who have property, and thus, in fart,
if not in form, establishing a community of property. The
history of the free States of Europe, for the last sixty years,
and the present condition of the poor in those States, we
think conclusively prove this. All parties admit that
society there requires radical change. They must go back
to domestic slavery. Civilized society cannot exist
without it." * * * « *
" Slavery protects the weaker members of society just as
do tbe relations of parent, guardian, and husband, and is j
w necessary, as natural, and almost as universal as those re- I
lotions." ****** |
"Ten years ago we became satisfied that slavery, black j
or white, was right and necessary. We advocated tlii  '
doctrine in very many essays." I
This is the logical and consistent southern doc- '
trine, and whoever believes in slavery cannotstop
until he reaches this startling position. An Af-
rican who is as intelligent, capable, and honest
as a Caucasian, cannot be reduced to slavery upon
any principle which would not enslave the'latter.
Color alone dooms no man to slavery, nor does J
race; for wheresoever in all other countries than I
America, slavery has been known, it has existed !
irrespective of color or race. In Greece and j
Rome, under such civilizations as they enjoyed,
this relic of barbarism was recognized and affirmed; j
and it is found at this day, in a mitigated form, 1
in the hybrid civilization of Russia—in no one j
of which countries have the relations between j
the enslaver and the enslaved been determined
by considerations of race and color, so much as ! i
by those of intelligence and will on the one ||
band, and ignorance and degradation upon the H
other. Originating in a barbarous age, the prac- ''
tice of slavery was founded in the right of the i
strongest, the bloody charter of force. The
weaker, without respect to color, feature or
race, was subjected to the stronger, and made
his thrall. The title of the robberfwas that of the
first slaveholder. Having its origin in violence
and wrong, and existing in subversion of natural
right and justice, its character, tendency, and in-
fluence are such as belong to, and proceed from.
I violence and wrong, everywhere and always.
I This is the inexorable and universal law: what a
| man sows, that also shall he reap. Slavery, like
I atheism, is punished whenever it is embraced.
I Here is its doom, as inevitable as it is dreadful,
j that it must breathe its own atmosphere, and,
i after its kind, propagate fraud, vice, corruption,
: weakness, barbarism. No power, short of that
which suspends tlieoperationsof the laws of earth
and heaven, can withdraw it from the consequences
and penalties its own nature postulates and invites.
It may seem to flourish for a time, but, false and
unnatural in its essence, its prosperity is unsub-
stantial and illusory. As it can nave no true life,
what at times may present this appearance is the
hectic of disease rather than the glow of health.
Wrong everywhere, and in all ages, it is now as
it was in the beginning and ever shall be, a curse
to the land in which it exists, and to all whom it
affects—not more to the slave than to the slave
owner and others; less it may be, for in less de-
gree in him may the life's life be cankered and
consumed. The evil which breaks upon the
bodies of men may leave the soul, however
undeveloped, whole and uncorrupted; while that
which, in mocking kindness, leaves the mortal
. free, may assail with subtile and relentless pur-
pose the immortal part of man.
Mr. Chairman, 1 will say nothing for offense—
nothing for the sake of wounding the feelings of
any man: God forbid! But, sir, I must declare
frankly—and no true.man will complain of me
for so doing—the opinions which 1 do most sin-
: cerely and devoutly entertain. The thoughts
which possess me, and which I cannot bridle,
will be uttered. Feeling that slavery is the
weakness and misfortune of the South, I can
. have no word of reproach or complaint, merely
j as such, against her, but, though she does not
thank me for it, regret and commiseration rather.
And did she not seek to extend the evil which
oppresses her to other States, and to reduce to
her own unfortunate condition the vast territory
of the United States occupying the heart of the
continent, I would have no occasion, and per-
haps no excuse, for engaging in this discussion.
But when she assails my constituents, and strikes
; at their rights, the cause is theirs and mine, and
' she must permit me to resist what she has no
claim to enforce, and to talk with her frankly of
the reasons which constrain such resistance. I
should do great injustice to the intelligent and
straightforward people whom I have the honor
; to represent here, if I failed for any reason to
speak the truth, and the whole truth, so far as I
; have received it, and to act faithfully and fear-
| lessly up to its commands. Some one has said,
i " It is a dire calamity to have a slave, but an
| inexpiable curse to be one;" to be a voluntary !
I slave to the opinions, the errors, the caprices,
and prejudices of others; the wretched bondman j
" Who, with a body filled, and vacant mind, i
Gets liiim to rest, cramm'd with distress/til bread," |
feels no curse, and endures no shame, like him :
who, having in his soul a great truth, interesting [
to mankind, is base enough to suppress it that ,
falsehood may occupy its place.
Of the evil and wrong of slavery, so far as ;
respects the slave, I do not propose to speak at!
length. They are so gross and obvious, and so
much has been said and written upon the sub-
feet, that to do so would be, one might hope, a
work of supererogation. A system which buys
and sells men, women, and little children, as if
they were brutes; which regards not the relation
of husband and wife; separates parent and child;
which mocks the ties of kindred, and swamps,
in the foul and dismal waters of greed and
sensuality, the sweetest and holiest affections of
the heart, can require no exposition from me.
A poor woman, fleeing from slavery, weary, ex-
hausted, famishing, comes trembling and speech-
less to your door, and supplicates you with her
eyes so passionately, so beseechingly, that a heart
of flint would dissolve before her, to have pity on
her and the child she still clutches to her oreast;
but the necessities of this system are so imperi-
ous, and its securities so doubtful, because of the
severity with which it bears upon its victims, that
you may not heed her, or only need to betray!
No, sir, no; you cannot' make this thing of
siavery right. God did not make it right. That
He permits it for wise and beneficent purposes does
not detract from its essential wron?, nor justify its
supporters and apologists. That He did not make
it right may be read in the consequences and pen-
alties which attach to the dominant races where-
ever it exists. No civilization, and no nation,
j in the history of the world, have tolerated slavery
j with impunity: decay and death have followed
' its embrace in all countries and all ages. It could
11 not have been otherwise; and a different fate can-
f not await the American people if they shall com-
; mit themselves irrecoverably to this giant wrong.
Of the laws by which the world is governed, per-
, haps none is better ascertained, or more generally
recognized by its soundest thinkers, than that
which requires every man to be his own architect
!: and builder. As a man docth, so is he. Who
| would be free, or strong, or wise, or great, himself
11 must strike the blow. No vicarious offices suffice
:! here: neither men nor States can be saved from
I without: no learning, no freedom, or strength,
1 can be true and real which come not of exercise
and achievement; and no community can have
!, the advantage of these in which there is not the
:| largest competition among all the classes and
! races of which it is composed.
S Where slavery exists, the physical and manual
I labor is performed by the servile class, and such
labor becomes servile and dishonorable. Where,
as in the southern States, the slaves are composed
of the African or black race, the blacks do the
work, and what they do it is not reputable for
i white men to engage in, and they do not where
they can avoid it; and thus they live upon the
muscles and labor of others, which is the next
: thing to no life, or to vegetating. And, hence,
j' habits of idleness and indolence creep over the
!, dominant class, and bind them in a slavery, if
, not as galling, more hopeless than that to which
they have subjected others. The greatest evil
| which can befall a man, a race, or a nation, is to
1 be removed from the necessity to labor. To
J withdraw a class from physical and mental labor
| is to inflict a vital injury upon, that class, and to
| assure its deterioration. When men are placed
| beyond the necessity to labor, the thews and
Binews of mind and body are relaxed; the fresh-
ness, activity, and vigor, without which there is
| no strength and but Tittle life, are unfelt; habits
of thrift and economy are not cultivated; and
the spirit of enterprise is undeveloped. This is
already beins: demonstrated by the experience of
the South. Prom the operation of all pervading
I laws, the labor of that country is of the rudest
and simplest kinds, and is almost wholly confined
' to agriculture. There is no building or sailing
; of ships by their people, and no manufactures
; among them to make any account of. What the
j earth will produce by the old processes of cultivat-
] ing it they have—no more, and never will have
more. The laborer has no spur to effort; and the
master has lost, through inactivity and the habi-
tudes of his position, the ambition and energy
indispensable to all progress; and so the years
roil on, witnessing no improvement; the soil, in
; absence of skillful husbandry, becomes more and
more exhausted, and the shadows of poverty
creep over and darken all the land.
The influence of slavery upon the prosperity
of a community can be no better illustrated than
by a reference to the history of Virginia, the
mother of States and statesmen, as she has been
called—half-sister of decay, as she is. At a period
not remote, says her late Governor, she stood
preeminent as a commercial State; her trade ex-
ceeded that of all New England; and the city of
New York, in the extent of her shipping and
commerce, was behind the ancient borough of
Norfolk. At tlffe time of the revolutionary war
the commerce of Virginia was four times that of
New York. In 1853 the imports into the latter
were $180,000,000, and into the former less than
£400,000. Whence this remarkable change? Is
it because the location, soil, climate, or natural
facilities of the " Old Dominion" are inferior to
those of the "-Empire State?" Certainly not;
for it is true, as Governor Johnson says, that
" Virginia has greatly the advantage over any
portion of the North in all the elements requisite
to constitute a commercial and prosperous com-
munity." There is but one answer, and that
lie* expanded before the eyes of all men. It is
