1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
another? My colleague can spend days in arguing
the power of Congress to establish a territorial
fovernment; he can Study the Constitution until
e derives that power from the clause authorizing
the admission of new States into the Union. He
can find the power there where I think but few
others can perceivc it. He has no trouble in de-
ciding that constitutional point. How do you
know but that the act establishing1 the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska will come in review be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States? and
did lie mean to sway that court by the powerful
influence of his opinion, to decide wrongfully,
when it comes up, by deducing the power to
create territorial governments from a particular
clause of the Constitution?
* How is it that he can give a judgment here on
all these constitutional questions; but when he
comes to the very one about winch one opinion
is proclaimed in the Worth, and another in the
South, he says he has no opinion. " Go into
the Supremo Court; we do not wish to prejudge
the question." It looks to me very much as if
the danger were not of prejudicing1 a judicial ques-
tion before the Supreme Court, but of prejudicing
a political question before a tribunal higher even
than the Supreme Court of the United States.
But we are told that all the friends of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act understand it alike, and those
who do not understand it alike do not belong to
the Democratic faith ! Let us test this position.
A few days ago i listened with great pleasure to
a speech on this floor delivered by the honorable
Senator from ^Mississippi, [Mr. Brown] m which
he boldly took the ground, that until a Territory
came to form its Constitution preparatory to ad-
mission into the Union as a State, it had no pow-
er to exclude slavery. lie was followed a few
days afterwards by the distinguished Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who took opposite
grounds, and who goes for the popular sove-
reignty doctrine to the fullest extent. Now which
ofthese is no Democrat— the distinguished Senator
from Michigan, or the Senator from Mississippi 5
They understand the Nebraska bill differently.
One of them puts one construction on my col-
league's report, and the other a different one. Of
course my colleague will not leave his worthy
friends to quarrel about his opinions, when he
can settle the matter so easily. [low is it that
he has so worded ins leport that two of his dis-
tinguished friends, whose Democracy I know ho
will not impeach, cannot understand it alike? I
should like to know which is the true meaning.
My colleague tells us that all Democrats agree
upon it. There is one point on which all these
pretended Democrats who met at Cincinnati do
agree—they agree to go together to endeavor to
elect their candidate, ,uid they agree to cover up
tins disputed point, oi to leave it in ;.m h a posi-
tion that Dem<«'i ats diifermg with them will have
to met t them on one issue m the North, and an-
other in (he South.
But my colleague says, that the same princi-
ples are embodied m the Kansas-Nebraska bill
which were contained in the compromise meas-
ures of 1850, and that the Missouri compromise
was repealed in order to carry out the principles
of 1<330. 1 believe, sir, it is said somewhere in
the good book, that out of a man's own mouth
shall he be condemned. Has my colleague for-
gotten his report made early in 1854, when he
introduced the Nebraska bill, before jt provided
for two Territories, when he said, in substance,
that inasmuch as the compromise measures of
1350 were passed without determining the valid-
ity of the Mexican laws in the Terntoiies of Utah
and New Mexico, but left those laws as they
found them, it would be wrong to interfere with
the Missouri compromise, and that to be con-
sistent with the action of 1850 the Missouri com-
promise must be left as it was; and he went on to
say, that to repeal the eighth section of the act
preparatory to the admission of Missouri into the
Union would be " a departure"—that is the word
from the policy adopted in 3850. This was his
language then—theoiheiai records of the country
show it; but now, forsooth, the repeal of the Mis-
isoun_cornpromise was demanded by the measures
ot 1850! At first, to repeal it was a departure from
those measures; and afterwards, not to repeal it
would have been inconsistent with them! There
is no escape for my colleague from these incon-
sistencies.
But I am told that I do not like the Nebraska
bill because it refrains from deciding a judicial
question. Not at all, sir. It is the duty of Con-
gress to make laws. Any law which we pass
may be subject to judicial investigation; but shall
we therefore pass none ? We are to pass a law
according to our understanding of the Constitu-
tion when we are called upon to legislate, and
leave to the courts to pass upon its constitutional
validity when it comes legitimately before them.
Every law which we pass is subject to the scru-
tiny of the Supreme Court of the United States,
whenever a case properly arises, where its validity
is called in question. We could as well legislate
in reference to the right of a Territorial Legislature
to exclude or introduce slavery, as to legislate for
extending the fugitive slave law over the Territory
of Kansas.
This involved a constitutional question which
my colleague had no difficulty in deciding.
Where, pray, did he get the authority for extend-
ing the fugitive slave law over the Territory of
Kansas? It is not in the Constitution of the
United States, unless it is included under the
general power which Congress has to govern the
Territories. We all know the clause providing
for the surrender of persons escaping from ser-
vice or labor from one State into another doos not
apply to Territoi ics. It is confined to States. By
what authority, then, was the fugitive slave law
extended to the Tcnitories? 1 do not deny the
authority of Congress to extend it there, bccause
I believe in the power of Congress to pass a
proper fugitive slave law, applicable to the Ter-
ritories under the general power which it has to
govern them; but I say to my colleague that he
decides a constitutional question when he votes
to extend it there. Others may deny the power
to extend that law to the Territories. It certainly
is not found in the clause of the Constitution rel-
ative to fugitives escaping from one State into
another.
Aeain, sir, the question of the power of Con-
gress to authoiize the appointment of a Governor
for a Temtoiy mny become a judicial question.
My colleague decides that by his bill. Suppose
the courts of the country should be of the opinion
th.it Congiess had no power to organize a terri-
torial govei nment at all. We think we have that
power and we exercise it; but we exercise it sub-
ject to any questions whieh may be raised in
reference to it before the judicial tribunals of the
country.
Then, I say, the question which I have pre-
sented and as-ked my colleague's opinion upon
involves no more a decision of a judicial question
than docs the passage of any other act of Con-
gress. We are not called upon to decide what
the Constitution of the United States means, ex-
cept in the passage of laws. We believe that we
have the power to legislate for the Territories.
All acknowledge that we possess it to some ex-
tent; but there is a difference of opinion as to how
far it go^s. Suicly it would be much better to
exercise it so as to preserve peace; and if any of
the laws which we pass are unconstitutional, they
can be so decided by the Supreme Court, if my
colleague', as I suppose he must do, places his
opposition to expressing his opinion or legislat-
ing on the subject, clearly and distinctly, upon the
ground that any legislation excluding slavery
would be unconstitutional, let him come out and
say so, and not put words of this kind into the
act:
(i It hems the {rue intent and meaning of this act not to
leeiMatc slavery into any Tetntoiy or State, nm to exclude
it theiefiom, but to leave the people thereof peifecTly free
to form .mdt emulate their domestic in^tiumonsin then own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States."
What did he mean by leaving the people of a
Territoiy perfectly free to regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way ? Did he
mean what he said ? If he meant that, why not
say " leaving them free through their Territorial
Legislature?" Why not put it in language which
would be understood in all parts of the country
alike, and not in such language that persons m
the North may say, This leaves the people, when
they go there, perfectly free at any time while it
| is a Territory to exclude slavery; and those in
[the South with equal plausibility, to say, that
i until the people of a Territory are numerous
j enough to form a State constitution, they cannot
J exclude slavery if they wish to. This is am-
biguous language in the Nebraska act. It will
not do to say, " we wiil express no opinion upon
its meaning, because, if we do, it will be the decis-
ion of a judicial question." Is it not as much
the decision of a judicial question to say that you
leave the people perfectly free to regulate this
matter as they please, as it would be to say that
they should have this power through the Territo-
rial Legislature ?
If it was legitimate and proper for Congress
to adopt the language it has, I think it equally le-
gitimate and proper for Congress to explain its
meaning when there is a doubt as to what is
meant by the language used. It is the duty of
the Legislature to express its meaning in clear
and distinct language; and, when it comes to the
knowledge of the legislative body that the terms
which it has used are liable to various and differ-
ent constructions, it is the duty of all good
legislators to change the language so as to make
its meaning definite, distinct, and certain.
Some remarks fell from my colleague as to the
state of things in Kansas, and he tells us that the
difficulty arises in that Territory because men
refuse to submit to the laws. He says that if
they only submit to the laws there will be no
trouble, and that there is no difficulty in Nebraska
because the people thcie submit to the laws.
Now, is it worth vliil'1 for my colleague to dis-
guise the fact that the Teiritoiial Legislatuie of
Kansas was not like that of Nebraska ? Is it pre-
tended anywhere that the Territorial Legislature
of Nebraska was forced upon the people by citi-
zens of a foreign State? And is it not contended by
a great many good men that the Legislature of
Kansas was imposed upon the people ? Is not
that known to my colleague? And does he not
know perfectly well that "the present difficulties
in Kansas, arise out of the attempt of certain per-
sons, in the name of law and order, to enforce
obnoxious enactments, denied by many to be
laws? It is a disputed point whether there are
any territorial laws in Kansas. My colleague
assumes that there are, which is the very point
in controversy; and then says all would be peace,
if the people would submit to the laws—in other
words, to the decrees of usurpers, as the people
of Kansas insist the pretended laws are. It is
to get rid of these pretended enactments and "the
territorial officers, that I have introduced this bill.
Will he uudei take to justify the acts which are
being done in the name of law and order in the
Territory of Kansas ? Look at the charge of
Judge Lecompte to the grand jury under which
indictments for treason have been found. Can it
be sustained as law by any sensible man? The
Constitution of the United States, has defined
treason, and has said that it shall consist only in
levying war against the United States, or giving
aid and comfort to their enemies. A jury in Kan-
sas were charged that, if any persons have resist-
ed the laws, it was their duty to indict them for
high treason; and if any have combined together
with a view of obstructing the execution of a law,
they arc guilty of constructive, treason, and must
be indicted therefor. Will my colleague avow, on
the floor of the Senate, that any such action as
that can properly be taken in the name of Jaw
and order?
Let mc advert to another fact. I shall not call up
disputed points. Everybody admits—the whole
press of the country of all parties admits, that a
posse went into Lawrence afew days since, that a
hotel there was blown up and burnt, and print-
ing presses destroyed. All this was done in the
name of law and order! I have seen it stated in
some of the papers which justify these proceedings
that an indictment had been found against the
printing presses and the hotel as nuisanccs. As-
sume, for a moment, that the laws of the Terri-
torial Legislature arc as valid as the laws of the
State of Illinois, and assume, if you please, that
a printing press is a nuisance in this nineteenth
century, and that a hotel is a nuisance, If they
were both indicted as nuisances, would that jus-
tify their destruction.? Must they not first ba
tried and convicted as such ? I have never seen
or heard that this was done.
What more has the party calling itself the law
and order party done? They went into Law-
rence and required the citizens there, within a
certain time, to deliver up their arms, and it was
done. Was that by virtue of an indictment for
carrying arms ? Were the muskets of the free-
