1856.]
APPENfUX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Washburn, Jr., of Maine.
Ho. op Reps.
that Virginia is a slave, and New York a free
State. Virginia may try as many expedients and
palliatives as she pleases, but she cannot change
her destiny without changing her system of labor.
She mav "increase her debt, absolute and con-
tingent,of $35,000,000 to $350,000,000, if she
chooses, and lay off her entire area into a net-
work of railroads, and it will avail her not, so
long as the fetal arrow sticks in her side. When
she shall be wise and Btrong enough to withdraw
it, she will enter upon a high career of prosperity
and happiness, and not before.
The circumstances of slavery and its influence j
are such, that wherever it largely exists there can
be no successful commerce, because there cannot j
be the industry and energy which create and pro- ;
tect it. They Duild railroads in the South to-day,
as they did, to some extent, in the North, in the
incepsbn of those enterprises, by loaning the
credit of State governments. They establish '
banks, in several of the States, not upon the sur- ■
plus capitalofthecountry,foro{this there is little,
but tipon moneys hired for Unit purpose upon the bonds
and scrip of the States. I noticed in a newspaper,
not long ago, that a city iir one of the southern
""States was to be sold upon execution, in payment
of debts contracted for water-wdrks, gas-works,
and a hotel ! Where, but in a slave State, would
not the expedients of private enterprise and cap-
ital be sufficient for purposes like these ?
Senator Clay, of Alabama, has drawn a most
gloomy picture of things at the South. In an
address, delivered not long ago, he says:
*' I can show you with sorrow, in the older portions of
Alabama, and in my native county of Madison, the sad
memorials of the artless and exhausting culture of cotton.
Our small planters, after taking the cream of their lands,
unable to restore them by rest, manures, or otherwise, are
going further west and south, in search of other virpin lands,
which they may and will despoil and impoverish in like
manner. Our wealthier planters, with greater means, and
no more skill, are buying out their poorer neighbors, extend-
ing their plantations, and adding to their slave force. The
wealthy few, who are able to live on smaller profits, and to
give their blasted fields some rest, are thus pushing off the
many who are merely independent. Of the 320,600,009
annually realized from the sales of the cotton crop of Alan
baraa, nearly all not expended in supporting the producer*
is reinvested in land and negroes.
" Thus the white population has decreased, and the slave
increased, almost pari passu, in several counties in our
State. Iu 1825, Madison county cast about three thousand
votes; now she cannot cast exceeding two thousand three
hundred. In traversing that county, one will discover nu-
merous ferm-bonses, once the abode of industrious and
intelligent freemen, now occupied by slaves, or tenandess,
deserted, and dilapidated ; be will observe fields, once fer-
tile, now unfenced, abandoned, and covered with those evil
harbingers, fox-tail and broomsedge; he will see the moss
growing on the moldering walls of once thrifty villages,
and will find ' one only master grasps the whole domain,'
that once furnished happy homes for a dozen white fami-
lies. Indeed, a country in its infancy, where fifty years
ago scarce a fbrest tree had been felled by the ax of the
pioneer, is already exhibiting the painful signs of senility
and decay apparent in Virginia and the Carolina*."
In a recent speech iti the Senate, I know the
Senator has taken exception to the use which has
been made of this quotation; and he alleges that
he had reference to consequences resulting from
unskillful husbandry, rather than from the exist-
ence of slavery." But, sir, his explanation does
not relieve him. Why is the husbandry Of the
southern States thus unskillful f Their lands are
being worn out and exhausted, as the Senator
■ays, and they have not the enterprise, skill, or
means to renovate them, or, as oar Yankee farm-
ers would say, to " bring them to." Under this
system, the country grows poorer, year by year.
So^phile in the North railroad stockholders count
wim certainty upon a constant increase of busi-
ness and traffic, those in the South must, after a
few years at furthest, look for a gradual decrease
upon all but a few great trunk routes. As there
are no manufactures in a slaveholding country,
towns and villages do not grow up on the lines
of road therein, and the chief articles of transpor-
tation are the products of agriculture, which, as
the lands become exhausted under the southern
processes of agriculture, will gradually but cer-
tainly fall off. These roads, built upon State
credit, and usually at extravagant prices, because
not so closely looked after as those which are
managed by the proprietors themselves, and for
the same reasons more loosely operated than
those chiefly owned by individual stockholders,
will, it may be well feared, be able, in many
cases, to pay but little more than their running
expenses. This is a dark picture, no doubt, and
shades, already, too large a portion of our Amer-
ican landscape.
Mr. ChairmM^as nothing flourished where
the foot of the Visigoth had been, so there can
be no prosperity beneath the tread of slavery.
Not merely does it paralyze everything like enter-
prise and improvement, but it benumbs life upon
all its sides—intellectual, aesthetic, and moral, as
well as material. Not more noticeable is the
scarcity of merchant princes, cunning artisans,
and intelligent laborers at the South, than the
utter destitution of any names in her midst of
distinguished note in science, art, and literature.
Her Franklins, Bowditches, Sillinians, and
Cleavelands, where are they ? The names of her
painters and sculptors are unwritten. Among
her historians are no Irvings, Prescotts, or Ban-
crofts. Upon the roll of novelists she inscribes
the name of Simms; but shows no Cooper, Pauld-
ing, Hawthorne, Stowe, or Curtis. Of the one
hundred and forty-one poets, of whom biog-
raphies are given in Griswold's "Poets and
Poetry of America," only fifteen are natives of
the slave States; and among these are no Long-
fellows, Bryants, Whittiers, Willises, and HaJ-
lecks. The Minnesingers are no longer found
in the land of chivalry; and the sunny South has
no power to quicken the " vision and the faculty
divine." Indeed, sir, the city of Portland, in my
own State, has made more contributions to litera-
ture, which the world will not willingly let die,
than all the slaveholding States put together.
Look we to the manners, customs, social codes,
and moral standards of this Section of country,
and we discover not less distinctly the signs and
workings of the" peculiar institution." Founded
as it is in violence, the relic of a barbarous
age, it brings forth fruits after its kind. Where
it flourishes, the duel, the practice of carrying
arms, of answering speeches with bludgeons,
and of settling disputes by the decisions of Judge
Lynch, are recognized and established institu-
| (ions. These are the streams whose fountain of
i bitter waters is slavery. As the system came
1 from barbarism, so thitherwards does it tend.
That its progress may be arrested ere it be too
late, and that, through the instrumentality of the
highest type of civilization which the world has
seen, it may, in the language of General Scott,
be "ameliorated even to extermination," should
be the prayer of every lover of his country and
of humanity.
And, sir, now, when its trial hour'has come,
and men knowing not what they do, and strag-
gling blindly amid the difficulties and perils with
which it has encompassed them, arise, and in the
name of half of the States of the Union announce
to their neighbors and to the world that it is right
and just, and therefore ought not only to be
perpetuated where it exists, but also extended
over the whole country, and that, so far as they
have the power, it shall be—you will not think it
strange if, in the fullness of an unfaltering con-
viction, and in all faithfulness, the people of the
free States warn them of their error, and declare
to them that their purposes cannot, must not, be
consummated.
Cit izens of the free States—of the rugged North,
and of the teeming West! as you look out upon
your magnificent cities, and countless thriving vil-
lages, the great marts of traffic, and the ever-busy
haunts of honest industry—upon your smiling
farms and pleasant homes, at once the sign and
the achievement of free institutions, say, are you
prepared to cast them off that you may enjoy in
their place the " benefits and blessings" of sla-
very ?
1 now proceed to the consideration of the ques-
tion—the practical question immediately before
the country—what are the designs and purposes
of the South in reference to slavery, and partic-
ularly to its extension ? These have already been
stated generally; but the inquiry is too important
and vital to be dismissed without further dis-
cussion.
From the extracts which I have made from
southern writers, and which might be indefinitely
extended by quoting from the works of Calhoun
and others, and from the speeches of southern men
in Congress, it sufficiently appears, that the pre-
vailing doctrine at the South is that slavery is a
positive good, or,to"use the language of Mr. Fits-
nugh, that the southern people have become satis- •
fied that "slavery is morally right, that it will con-
tinue ever to exist, and that it is as profitable as it is
humane." The corollary from this, that, being
right, profitable, and humane, it ought not to be
restricted to any particular section of country,
but should be permitted to spread its blessings far
and wide, accords with the express declaration*
and the avowed purposes of pro-slavery men.
They mean to make slavery national, and not to
stop in their work of propaeandism until they
| shall have carried it into ail the Territories—ay,
| and into all the States of the Union. A brief
| review of their movements and doctrines will
j establish this position beyond dispute.
' Slavery, like everything founded in fraud and
wrong, is violent ana aggressive. The condition
: of its existence is aggression. Its dissolution
will commence the moment its exterior boundaries
, are established. Let it be known that slavery in
the United States can go no further, and that
moment its doom is sealed. It may linger in
some localities for a long time, but it must inevi-
tably fall, and he supplanted. Give slavery no
new fields to overrun and blast, and the supply
of slave labor will soon exceed the demand, then
it will become unprofitable, and finally burden-
some, so that the owners will set themselves at
work to devise a way—and let us not doubt that
when there is a will, a safe and not difficult way
Can be found—for its abolition. But this must
and will be in their own time, and by their own
methods. The South understands very well that
the existence of slavery depends upon its expan-
sion, and it is for this reason that she is making
such superhuman efforts to extend it. The gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Warner,] and who I
understand, and can well believe, to be one of the
' first minds in his State, in an able speech, mads
1 upon this floor a few weeks ago, said:
" There is not a slaveholder in this House or out of it,
but who knows perfectly well that, whenever slavery is con-
fined within certain tpecified limits, its future existence it
doomed ; it it only a question of time as to its final destruc-
tion. You may take any single slaveholding county in the
southern States, in which the great staples of cotton and
sugar are cultivated to any extent, and confine the present
i slave population within the limits of that county; such is
the rapid, natural increase of the slaves, and the rapid
exhaustion of the soil in the cultivation of those crops,
(which add so much to the commercial wealth of the coun-
try,) that in a few years it would' be impossible to support
them within the limits of such county. Both master and
slave would be starved out; and what would be the prac-
tical effect in any one county, the same result would happen
to all the slaveholding States. Slavery cannot be confined
within certain specified limits without producing the de-
struction of both master and slave ; it require* frith lands,
plenty of wood and water, not only for the comfort and hap-
piness of the slave, but for the benefit of the owner. We
! understand perfectly well the practical effect of the pro-
: posed restriction upon our rights, and to what extent it
| interferes with slavery in the States; and we also under-
> stand the object and purpose of that interference. If the
j slaveholding States should ever be so regardless of their
■ rights, and their honor, as coequal States, to be willing to
submit to this proposed restriction, for the sake of harmony
and peace, they could not do it. There is a great, over-
ruling, practical necessity which would prevent it. They
ought not to submit to it upon principle if they could, and
could not if they would."
Sir, here is the whole philosophy of slaveiy.
Do we want such a blighting ana consuming
curse hearer or closer to us than it is now? Ana
shall any mere party considerations, the force of
party attachments, the desire of success, or the
thirst for office, induce any of us to so act and
vote in the coming elections as to invite to our
northern fields the vulture which, if the repre-
sentations of the gentleman from Georgia may
be relied upon, is now preying upon the vitals of
the South ? In confirmation of the views already'
expressed in regard to the laws which govern the'
system of slavery, I would call your attention to
the fact, within the recollection of every member,
that about the year 1830 the subject of the pros-;
pective and ultimate abolition of slavery was
earnestly discussed in Virginia and some other
southern States. Prior to that time, for several
years, slave labor had been growing unprofitable.
Florida and Louisiana had been purchased many
years; and it was not perceived that there were
other acquisitions likely to be made for the occu-
pation of slavery. The slave market was over-
stocked, and slaveholders began to inquire what
they should do. Hence the movement of 1830
ana 1831. But before any practical results were
