639
appendix to the congressional,
rJune 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess. jPolitics of the Country—Mr. Washburn, Jr.t of Maim>
Ho. of Reps.
reached, events transpired which induced south-
ern men to abandon their schemes of emancipa-
tion, and, indeed, to speak of them as the frenzy
of fanaticism.
It has been frequently asserted that the inten-
tion of the South to abolish slavery was thwarted
and defeated by the mad and ultra doctrines and
schemes of the Abolitionists; but a greater mis-
take was never made; these were the excuse for,
but not the cause of, the change which came over
the southern purpose. About the time of this
abolition controversy, it will be remembered that
the Indians were removed from large portions of
Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, to the West,
and a vast and fertile country, well adapted to the
growing of cotton, was opened to slave labor.
At once there was a market for slaves, the price
appreciated, and the demand was active. We
heard no more about the great and philanthropic
work of emancipation. From that time to the
present new fields for this kind of labor have been
acquired, the prices of slaves have increased, and
now the all but universal cry in the slave States
is, not abolition, but extension*
In 1844, it was thought desirable to annex
Texas. Mr. Calhoun considered this Step indis-
pensable to the protection of slavery. That the
work might be accomplished, Mr. Clay and Mr.
Van Buren were set aside in the presidential cap.-
vtw s,and Mr. Polk was elected. The annexation
was consummated, and with itcameNew Mexico
and California. The latter took care of herself,
and came into the Union against a boisterous and
protractedoppositioa—thanks to the glorious old
man who then occupied the highest place of
power—as a free State. But the South, with her
eye steadily fixed upon the subjugation of the
continent—for this,thought already possessed her,
and had controlled her action when under the in-
fluence of Mr. Calhoun and the. nullifiers, she was
induced in 1845 tp, insist upon the overthrow of
Jacksonism in the Democratic party—success-
fully demanded that Texas should be permitted
to be divided into five slave States, and, as sueh,
come into the Union; and that the JefitrswiiiD
restriction should not be applied to New Mexico
and Utah. The fugitive slave law was enacted,
not so much to secure the return of runaway
slaves, as to inform the North that she had a
master, and to make her feel that henceforth he.r
duty and her business would be to submit.
Weil, air, in 1852 the Whig mwt Democratic
parties assembled in their conventions at Balti-
more, and, under instructions from the slave
power, adopted platforms excluding from those
patties respectively all who would not unsay and
undo the words and deeds of a lifetime, scout
the. Jeffersonian doctrine of slavery restriction,
and swallow, without choking, the infamies of
the fugitive slave bill. This action was to be a
"finality, "the be-all and end-all of slavery agi-
tation in the country; a finality, said Csss; a final-
ity, sung Pierce; a "finality of atotaiity," roared
Dougias,
" ' Finality,' the woods, ■
• Finality,' the floods,
' Finality,' the rocks and hollow mountains rung!"
and as a finality these "peace measures! "were su ,
tsined and indorsed. But,sir, slavery has no final-
ities—she can have none but the finality of the
tomb. And so,as might have been expected, the
South came forward in 1854, and demanded that
the landmark of freedom established in 1820 at
10 ^ North should be obliterated.
Why? Simply and purely for the gain of slavery
•—a gain to be secured in this way. Remove the
terrier that excludes slavery from Kansas and
v • and it can go there, and, with the effort
which Missouri is prepared to make, will go there.
Besides, it was said the principle will be recog-
nized, that slavery is right in itself; for, if wrong.,
why remove an obstruction to its progress ? Why
take steps and initiate measures, to make its in-
troduction to free territory easy if not inevitable?
Why move at aU? Without action slavery waa
Shut out of the Territories. By solemn compact
it had been agreed between North and South that
it should never be admitted there; but slavery is so
right and rust that even barriers must be broken
down, and compacts violated, in order that it may
pe extended. This outrage, too, was not want-
ing a preioxt; and thia waa the shallow, swin-
dling doctrine of popular sovereignty—false and
dishonest as applied to Territories, as has been
proved a thousand times. It was the Cass,
Pierce, and Douglas doctrine^- and served its
purpose. Upon its plausibility northern mem-
bers,, who only desired an excuse for their treach-
ery, were ready to repose; and thus the measure,
one of the most flagitious in the annals of crime,
was carried—the Senator from Michigan shouting
Io Peans to " squatter sovereignty.
In virtue of this new doctrine, the people of the
Territories, you know, were to manage their own
affairs in their own way. They were to have
slavery, or not, as they should, decide for them-
selves. No sooner, however, did it appear to
Atchison and the delegates of the slave power
that, notwithstanding the efforts of their secret
organizations, Kansas was likely to be settled by
a majority of free-State men, than measures were
| taken at once, we may now believe with the
j knowledge and complicity of the President, to
I prevent the people of Kansas from determining
this question for themselves. Thousands of
men were sent from Missouri to control the elec-
tions of the Territory. Yo.ukpow how, and how
successful they were. The Governor, who was
suspected of a desire to see fair play, was re-
moved; and one of the most detestable characters
in America, who had earned the position by his
vote on the Nebraska bill and other kindred, ser-
vices, was appointed in his place; and I am not
aware that he has in any way disappointed the
expectations of his principals, the conspirators
against Kansas. The people of this unhappy
Territory, liberty-loving, law-abiding men, when
they were overborne by the invaders frpm Mis-
souri, driWn from the polls, and denied the exer-
cise of thsir legal rights, under the organic act of
the Territory, resorted to the plain and peaceable
remedy open to them under the Constitution, and
took the proper steps to be admitted into the
Union under such.a State constitution as the peo-
ple themselves prefe^d-
And for these crimes aJcyie, of unwilling
to be governed by others, and 9f prefer ting free j
to slave institutions, the peqple of Missouri, of |
Georgia, of South Carolina, and other sla.veJSta.te8)
have bc^en sent there to redu.ce and destroy them
witji fire and sword; and the Prudent, so far from
interfering to save them, as waa his sacred duty,
has employed against them the civil and military
power of the country. When infuriated mobs,
paid from the treasure of the American people,
have driven children from their, homes at mid-
night, fired upon defenseless and unoffending wo-
men, aad shot down -our brothers in cold blood,
destroyed their dwellings, and sacked and devas
tated their cities, the President of the United, States
—through his officials in Kansas* whose conduct
he has never rebuked—looked <?almly on,,uttering
no word of sympathy, and lifting no arm of pro-
tection. Thus has ended thje shameful lp^on
of vop^lur mtrtignly. And now ,.wv i£s .fallacies
and cheats we acknowledged and, vaunted every-
where ; and the unmitigated souther n doctjine, that
the Constitution of the. United States, carries and
protests slavery in all the Territories, is adopted
in substance at Cincinnati as the foundation-stone
of Democracy. One step more, remains, to be
| taken, and that follows logically from) the last—it
is that under the Constitution of the United States
slavery may exist in, and cannot by any power
be excluded from* the several States,
Thus, Mr. Chaiman, haye passed a^ay, one
after another, the excuses and apologies under
which northern men have attempted to shelter
themselves, as the demands of the oligarchy have
grown larger and more importunate. The Wil-
mot proviso is deoQunced and spurned by all who
profess to act, at the present time, with the Demo-
cratic, party. The doctrine of" popular sovereign-
ty," so rife two years ago, is an unbidden guest,
and knows not where to sit down in the house of
its friends. Even its author recognizes not his
own bantling, maimed and disfigured as it has
been by its nurses, wet and dry. He plunges
a,ad flounders in confusions and absurdities as
inexplicable as they are ludicrous, awl only extri-
cates hin sejf from his. difitsulties by discovering
that he aUcay$.knevi the Heir •Appwmt. Indeed,, did
he not always understand that " squatter sover-
'«• eqiwUity'' wew.prwtea/ty the
same thing ? and did he not tell his southern friends
oft and many times that the right of Missouri to
govern Kansas was not only consistent with, but
was in fact the very life and nerve of his great
invention ? "By the Lord, I knew ye as well as
he that made ye."
ultimate purposes of the slave power
the North can no longer be ignorant, and to
nothing but her own .criminal indifference or com-
plicity will their accomplishment, if accomplished
they shallbe.be chargeable. And let it not be
said, " There is no danger; you have already
shown the superior strength and advantages of
the North." There is danger; and it is from the
comparative strength, of the North and weakness
of the South, paradoxical as it may seem, that it
results. The vigor and freedom of the northern
mind, its activity and constant occupation in every
department of labor and inquiry, leave it b^t little
time for political controversies, and little taste for
partisan strifes; while in the South the interests,
feelings, and thoughts of the privileged classes are
bound up in poutics alone, and mainly those
which have regard to the possession of power
for the security and propagation of slavery.
A Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] said, a
few weeks ago, that the slave power was strong
because it was the power of truth, and hence it
was, that, although the. southern Senators and
Representatives are a minority in these Halls,
their policy is predominant in Congress and the
country. The South—such was the argument—
is always right, and, therefore, is always victo-
rious. Sir, the Russian Autocrat is strong—is
it because his power is established in truth and
righteousness, or that the pillars of his throne
are laid in, the foundations of justice? The " Holy
Alliance" was strong; but was it the power of
truth that "crushed out" Poland, "subdued"
Hungary, and enslaved Italy? No; it was the
I power of wrong and injustice—a power, in its
origin, character, and exercise, akin to that
wielded by the slaveholders of the South. Their
power, like that of the autocrat, is exercised by
a single will; it is supreme in fifteen States of the
Union; it is a reliable power, for its instincts and
necessities never permit it to falter for a moment.
It is sharp to perceive, its awn weakness, and
watchful to keen in constant organization its
entire forces. It brings so many votes into Con-
gress, no more, no leas; so many to national con-
ventions; so many to the electoral colleges for a
single purpose—a single interest. It constructs
the pjatforms and nominates the candidates in a)]
" national" conventions, gives the shihboleth to,
the " national" p*ess, and makes the laws for
the nation. This it does by the unity, direct-
ness, and persistence with which it acts. " The
thunder,"saysSchiller,, " spread out into its sep-
arate tones, becomes a lullaby for children; send
it forth in one quick peal, and tjhe royal sound
slwll move the tysayetts." Such is the power of
concentration.
If a Whig party practically reject the test of
national orthodoxy, as tendered by its southed*
members, and refuse, after years of concessions*
to clothe itself in the very rags of shame, apd
moral cowardice, it is at once abandoned by them
as an organization no longer useful, and no. longer
"national."
The Democratic party may be in power for
many years, but act wan in it shall dare quote,
without explanation, the Declaration of lnde«
pendente, or breathe in the faintest whisa^an
aspiration for liberty, but upon pain of aBng
excommunicated, nicknamed, and blackguarded.
I He will he an outlaw in his own land, ineligible
to the humblest station in its service, if he ia
I supposed to doubt in his heart that slavery is a
blessing, or thai the shooting of women and the
burning of towns in Kansas, for the sake of ex-
tending it, are not good works, worthy of all
commendation as the latest manifestation of the
power of truth!
And thus it is, Mr. Chairman, that the slave
power has come to be formidable and dangerous..
Representing only two fifths of the people, but
being a unit in its action, and governed by a single
aim, it has been able to shape the policy and wield
the p^tronage of the Government. With apurpose
Steady and consistent, a mien bold and threaten-
itt&inwuu to excite tawf and alarws, and prompt
