1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
June 9,
at or has chosen to take to the Nebraska bill. He
h'as" endeavored to escape from the position to
which he was consigned in the first part of this
cursory debate by another assault—not on myself
personally, but on my action. He refers to the
report which I made when I introduced the Ne-
braska bill, in which I declared that the object
was to carry out the principle of the compromise
of 1850 m'the precise language of the acts of 18.il);
which principle was to leave the people to settle
the question of slavery for themselves; thus, of
course, setting aside the Missouri restriction.
Then I added that, inasmuch as it was deemed
politic in the compromise of 1850 not tQ say any-
thing about the Mexican law, we could carry out
the same policy here by saying nothing about
the Missouri line, but announcing the principle
of leaving the people to settle the slavery ques-
tion for themselves in the precise language of the
acts of 1850. My colleague knows that what he
quoted on that matter as a principle was only a
policy of words, and was so stated in the report
itself: lie knew, or, if not, he ought to know, that
the bill, in the-shape in which it was first reported,
as effectually repealed the Missouri restriction as
it afterwards did when the repeal was put in
express terms. The only question was whether
it should be done in.the language of the acts of
1850, or in the language subsequently employed,
but the legal effect-was precisely the same. Still,
a man can make an ingenious quibble upon these
matters; and the staple article of most small poli-
ticians on the stump consists in reading as much
as my colleague quoted, and giving it an applica-
tion contrary to the facts ami to its tiue meaning.
I did not suppose that I should be under the
necessity of replying to that point a^ain in the
Senate, after 1 had exposed it heretofore. I did
not think it would ever be brought up again while
the facts were as well known and as well under-
stood as they are here.
My colleague returns to the charge that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill is construed one way m
the South and another m the. North, and is so
understood by the Democratic party. lie does
this by ingeniously mi.°.underyt;uiding not only
What I said on that point, but what the bill itself
says. If he had not mo in^eniou.siy misunder-
stood both, Ilie reply which he made to me would
have no application. 1 showed that, by the
language of the bill itself, all questions aiTeetmg ;
peisonal liberty, or the right to slaves m the j
rerritory, were expressly left to the courts, with j
a right of appeal to the Supreme Couit of the ■
United States. The bill itwelf made that a judi- j
e.ia) question; and so both the North and theSouth '
took it; and, therefoie, I do not choose to argue
it now. The language of the bill is:
i{ In ail involving title to slave*-, ihe ?air| writs of
enor or appeals *h.tii he allowed, and decided by the said
fcupu'mo ODun, without icjraid lo tiie value ol tlic iiiatteu
juop-rty, oi uile in < on novelty , and ,t win of enoi or ap*
•-hull ai-o he <i!lo\ve<| to ihe Supicme (Joint of the
United Stale-, fjum the decision of the said supo-ine com!
cteawd by tin- act, o: oi any judge thereot, or ot the di>-
tin-t eoui'N ciouted by thu act, or ofanv jud^e iheirof,
upon uiy vvnt of habeas coipus, involving the question of :
pct.>onui fiuedom." j
So that a man claiming to be the owner of a
slave could bring his action in the Territory, or
a negro could bring his action there for pensonal
freedom, and have it presented to the Supreme
Court of the United States for decision. Then,
what is the language of the law cientmg theTer- |
ntorial Legislature? The sixth section'provides:
" the legislative power of the Territory shall ex- !
tend to all rightful subjects of legislation consist- ;
ent with the Constitution of the United States, j
and the provisions of this act." is that cquivo- !
cal language Inasmuch as there "was a dispute !
as to what was the true construction, not of the !
act, but ot the Constitution, in regard to slavery, !
the bill expressly says that shall be referred to I
the courts ior decision. Every Nebraska man is '
bound by the act to leave that question to the
courts for decision. Northern and southern men >
may cutler as to what the courts ought to do when '
they decide tl)e quest,0n. The Senator from 1
Mississippi made a speech in which he intimated, !
as I understand, that they ought to decide it in j
one way; the Senator from Michigan intimated 1
that they ought to decide it the other way; but ■
they both understand the bill alike—that it is a i
judicial question, left by the bill to the courts for !
decision, ;
I repeat, then, that every Democrat under-
stands the Nebraska bill alike, no matter whether
he lives North or South. This game of attempt-
ing to create a division between political friends,
by quoting one against the other, has been played
too often to impose on anybody. It is used now
as an argument against Democrats that, al-
though every man in the party agrees on every
principle, we differ on a matter which is not in
issue. If that is a good argument against us,
take your own party—a conglomeration of Abo-
litionism, Know Nothingism, and every other
ism, fused together as you know it is in our own
State; and if we are to believe their declarations
of sentiments, they agree in nothing except hos-
tility to the Democratic party, and a determina-
tion to combine for that purpose. My colleague
is an anti-Nebraska man. Would it be a good
argument against him to quote a Senator here
who says that ho does not believe in the Constitu-
tion, and ask him if he agrees in that doctrine ?
Would it do to take the doctrines of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan-,"] or of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who is said
to be both an Abolitionist and a Know Nothing,
and ask him if they agree, and that, too,onmat-
teis in issue between the parties? ITeie, how-
ever, while the Democrats agree on every matter
which '11 the subject of legislation, and enters
into our platform; while we agree on every polit-
ical question, we differ only as ton jiubeial ques-
tion, and have agreed that it shall be left to the
courts, by whose decision we wiilabide. This is
the state of the ease between us.
Mr. President, 1 dislike to continue this con-
troversy. In the Jirst place, I mnde only a sug-
gestion or two to show the proprieiy of n.ferring
ihe hill to the Committee on Territories, without
the intention of provoking a debate. I know
that this is not the proper time or occasion to get
up a debate m this irregular way, and I regret
hawng been forced into it, but 1 was compelled
to do so by the remarks of my colleague, who
lias put me on the defensive all the time. It is
an ingenious mode to force a man into debate, by
| attacking him and patting him on the defensive,
j i have confined myself to repelling the attacks
which he iuw ninth*, and answering the points
ivinch he has presented.
All the sympathy whiVh ho has expressed for
the poor people of Kansas, I run assure him, is
equally heartfelt by me. I regret the disturb- 1
ances there. I wish to see themmided. 1 will not
go into the question whether tho hotel erected by '
the Massachusetts Emigmnt Aid Society was a
nuisance, or whether it was a proper building to
he pulled down, or whether it was properly de-
stroyed. The courts of justice will settle that
matter. I believe it is well understood, however,
that it was built as a fort oiigtnally, before any
of these difficulties in Kansas commenced. I
know it was announced m the newspapers, at the
time when it was b< mg built, that it was con-
structed with port-holes in the wall, which were
then covered with mud so as to conceal them;
hut with the view of having it in such a condition
that it could be converted into a fort. When it
was commenced, if was understood to be erected
as a fort, and I hare never heard it contradicted
from that day to this. _ If that be true, it shows
that this attempted civil war in Kansas had its
oiigin prior lo the existence of the causes to
winch the Senator now attributes it. There is
leason to believe that the whole difficulty has
been got up for the purpose of shedding blood in
order to make political capital out of it. Whether
or not this bo so, time will probably determine.
I shall not discuss the propriety of destroying
the hotel at Lawrence. I shall not discuss the
particular tacts in regard to each act of violence,
or each outrage that has been committed. I
shall not go into the case which occurred the
other night, where Abolitionists murdered a whole
family; cutting their throats, and burning their
bodies m their own house. I shall not point out
acts of violence here and there, and ask my col-
league whether he approves them or not. I take
it for granted that lie docs not approve any crime
which has been committed, so monstrous as this.
Therefore, I shall not thrust in his face each of
these cases, as if it were a legitimate argument,
fairly, courteously, or properly to be addressed
to any gentleman in the Senate of the United
i States.
All I have to say is, to come back to the real
point—the true solution of this difficulty is to re-
quire the mob to submit to the laws, as the
courts shall expound them, and as the executive
officers shall carry them into execution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
going to prolong this debate. I should not say
a word now, but my colleague seems to misun-
derstand the position which I assume—uninten-
tionally, no doubt. He speaks of me as if I were
opposed to law. Now, sir, T should be exceed-
ingly rejoiced to unite with my colleague in the
passage of a law to stop the strife which is
raging in Kansas. The difficulty is that we have
not a law for the purpose. That is the very point
I seek to remedy, it will not do to assume that
there are right and proper laws in Kansas, when
the very difficulty arises in regard to the question
whether they have any valid laws or not.
My .colleague misunderstands what I said in
reference to the jurisdiction of the judges of the
territorial courts. I repeat what I said on that
matter. The jurisdiction of all judicial matters
in the Territory is vested in a supreme court,
i district courts, probate courts, and justices of the
peace. A subsequent part of the section provides
that—
" The jurisdiction of the several courts heroin provided
foi, both appellate and ui'i^mal, ami that ot" the piolme
coilits, and of justices of the peaec, shall be as limited by
law." .
And therefore, says my colleagfte, the Tcrrito-
j rial Legislature can regulate it. That is not the
I point, it is true they can regulate it; but can
i I hey creatc any other courts? Is not all juris-
diction of judicial matters vested in the courts
which Congress has created, and .the judges of
which (except the probate court judges and jus-
tices of the peace) Congress has provided for the
| appointment of by the President? Have not
these courts necessarily jurisdiction of all civil
and criminal matters in the Territory, except
those which justices of the peace have in small
j cases, and which the probate judges have in the
; settlement of estates?
| I understood my colleague to say that their
! jurisdiction was the same as that of the United
. States courts in the States, and that the Legisla-
I ture could regulate it. The Legislature can de-
termine how much jurisdiction there maybe in
the supieme court, how much in the district
courts, and how much in the justices of the peace,
provided the justices of the peace shall not have
jurisdiction in cases above $100. This authority
is given to the Legislature. They may limit jus-
tices of the peace to cases involving only $5U in
amount; they cannot exceed $1U0. I say the
position that there is any similarity between the
jurisdiction of the judges of the territorial courts
and those of the circuit and district courts of the
| United States in the States, is an entire mistake
' and misapprehension of the law.
j 4 My colleague says that every objection which
I is urged by me to the Kansas-Nebraska act, is
| applicable to the compromise measures of 1850;
j that J favored the compromise measures of 1850,
■ and therefore I am inconsistent with myself. I
said, when I was up before, that I did not object
to the appointment of Governors of the Territo-
ries by the President. I said that I believed Con-
gress had authority over the Territories, and the
l lght to appoint Governors, and that it was proper
to exercise it. What is the objection which I
made? My colleague thinks proper to speak of
one thing when I stated another. He had asserted
that the people, under this act, possessed the
power of .self-government. I denied it, and I
proved my position by the act. What is the
answer ? He comes back and says to me, " under
the compromise measures which you supported,
Congress authorized the appointment of Govern-
ors for the Territories." What of it? Did I ever
contend, or did mortal man ever contend, under
the compromise measures of 1850, that the people
of the Territories possessed the power of self-
government? No such absurdity was ever set
up at that day. I was exposing that absuidity.
I do not deny the power and the right of Congress
to provide for' the appointment of judges and
Governors; but I say that when they do it, it is
folly and an imposition on any people, to tell them
that they possess the power of self-government,
under an organic act of that character, to which
they are bound to conform their action.
