648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
expire at the end of four, years. The section
goes further, and provides for the appointment
of a deputy—called a clerk in the hill—at. a sal-
ary of $2,500. Three men -will be required to
represent the Government before the Court of
Claims. Many cases are presented to that tribu-
nal, involving important questions of law and of
fact; and it is utterly impossible for the solicitor
alone to represent the Government properly under
the present organization. I presume, theiefore,
there will be no objection to giving him the as-
sistance asked for. It was in contemplation at
first to authorize the President to appoint two
assistant solicitors; but the committee have only
proposed the appointment of one a'ssistant soli-
citor and one deputy.
The third section of the bill authorizes the
clerk of the court to disburse the contingent fund
which may-be appropriated from time to time for
[the use of that tribunal, in the same manner in
which the Secretary of the Senate disburses the
ontingentfund of this body. Under the law as
It now exists, if a blank-book or a ton of coal is
purchased, a requisition must be drawn on the
Treasury. We propose to make the clerk of the
court a disbursing agent, and to have his accounts
settled at the Treasury in the same manner as the
accounts of other disbursing agents; and we pro-
vide for allowing him a salary of $3,000. lie
performs important duties. We propose to give
his assistant a salary of $2,000—about the same
pay which the assistant clerks in the Senate re-
ceive.
This is my explanation of the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I shall give
my support to this bill as it now stands; but I
confess! should prefer it if it provided for two
assistant solicitors, instead of an assistant soli-
citor and a clerk. I do not understand the object
of denominating the second assistant a clerk. I
think should be a solicitor, capable of repre-
senting the Government m court; for J undertake
to say that no three counsel can discharge fully,
faithfully, and ably the duties which are now
devolved upon the solicitor alone by the law cre-
ating this tribunal. It is more than three men
can do; but as aid is asked only to that extent,
I would stop there.
It is certainly necessary to increase the repre-
sentation of the Government; m tins tribunal.
Every case which arises in it is one in which the
Government is a party; aud with only one soli-
citor, as it is now organized, he is neeessai lly
engaged in every case which arises. He must
examine every case; he must make himself mas-
ter of the interests and rights of the Government
in every case which arises. He has opposed to
him the whole bar of the Union—men of the most
powerful abilities and the most extensive learn-
ing, all combined against the Government and
against its solicitor. Ordinarily, between man
and man, in cases of small importance, parties
employ more than one counsel—very often three
where the matter in discussion is only a few
thousand dollars. Here, where the whole inter-
ests of the Government are involved, where a
vast amount of business is transferred from the
halls of Congress to the Couit of Claims, the
Government of the United States, with its im-
mense treasury, can afford to employ only one
man by the year, and now the proposition is to
increase it to only two and a clerk ! Sir, there is
not a respectable law office in the city of Boston,
New York, or Baltimore, which in not more
strongly officered than the Court of Claims is on
the part of the Government. Our force there is
altogether inadequate. Tt will be found to be so.
I should much prefer, therefore, to have two as-
sistant solicitors, in order that any one of them
might represent die Government m the absence j
of the other. I hope that no false idea of econ-
omy will induce the Senators representing the
Committee on Claims to withhold that strength
to the representation of the Government in this
tribunal which is necessary for the protection of
its interests. For this purpose I move to strike
out the word " clerk " m the second section.
Mr. BRODHEAD. And insert deputy.''
Mr. TOUCEY. No, sir; I do not wish to
insert " deputy;" I wish to have a representative
of the Government, not a representative of the
solicitor; I wish to have a man of ability and
character, who will stand there representing the
Government—not the mere clerk of our solicitor,
not the clerk of our representative, but our rep-
resentative himself. I would, therefore, move an
amendment to the bill to that effect, unless it is
objected to strenuously by my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, so as to substitute two assist-
ant solicitors instead of one assistant solicitor and
a clerk.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, there is
much force in what my distinguished friend from
Connecticut has said; but the object of the com- j
mittec was, to frame a bill to which there could
be no possible objection, and not to ask for too
much at once. This courtisnowfeelingitsway;
it is doing well; it is composed of able judges.
Its opinions, so far as I have examined them, are
correct. I hope and believe that it will become
a good institution. Jt has started properly.
My friend from Connecticut will remember that
the Government is also represented by the three
judges. They take care of the interests of the
Government. For myself, I should be willing to
have three solicitors; but we think two would be
enough. At any rate, the present solicitor is
willing to undertake it, with this force. In that
point of view, 1 think we had better let the bill
stand as it is. The Government will be in fact
represented by three counsel, although one will
be called a clerk or a deputy. Thesolicitors will
have a deputy with a good salary—$2,500 a year
—to prepare their briefs; to assist in taking testi-
mony; to answer the letters which may be ad-
dressed to them. He can make himself as useful
in that capacity, and under that name, as if he
were called an assistant-solicitor, and appointed
by the President. I hope, therefore, that my
friend from Connecticut—although there is much
force in what he says—will allow this bill to be
passed as it is; and, if hereafter it should be found
necessary to appoint another solicitor, I shall go
with lum to accomplish that object.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Is it intended to
urge this bill to its passage this afiernoou? It is
a question of importance.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. 11 enow it is an important
bill, but it is a practical measure. I do not de-
sire to occupy the time of the Senate myself, but,
if any Senator wishes to have further time for
examination, I shall make no opposition, to the
postponement of the bill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, i will notinsist on
postponement, but I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to a few considerations connected
with this subject. The remarks of the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania have, to some extent,
furnished the information which I wished to ob-
tain on this subject; but still 1 should like very
much to have some further knowledge as to the
proceedings of the court. I confess I am entirely
ignorant of the manner in which its proceedings
have been received by the public and by Congress.
We all know that, the Court of Claims was estab-
lished by Congress in good faith, with an honest
and patriotic disposition to make this experiment;
not with a view of it.s becoming a permanent part
of our institutions, but to see what could be done
to relieve Congress from the burden of the exam-
nation of the multitude of private claims which
overwhelmed us at every session, and from the
difficulties which existed m deciding them prop-
erly, either in reference to the interests of the
public or of the individual. Now, I desire to
know whether the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania has given such attention to the action of
the court up to this tim,%,as to be able to express
a decided opinion that the experiment is working
well ? It is only within the last few days that the
decisions of the court have been laid before Con-
gress, and I ha\c had no opportunity to examine
them; and I therefore ask the question of the hon-
orable Senator who is chairman of the Committee
on Claims.
I should be unwilling to vote for this bill,until
I receive some satisfactory information as to the
manner in which this court is understood, by
those who have noticed its proceedings and ex-
amined its decisions, to have acted. I am not
disposed to vote for it unless they are prepared
to express the opinion that it is a tribunal which
really promises to be an advantageous mode of
settling the claims of individuals againstthc Gov-
ernment, and to do justice alike to the Govern-
ment and to individuals. If we pass this bill,
and attach to it a still greater number of officers,
it will be more difficult to drop them and discon-
tinue the court, if wo should not be satisfied with
it in future.
There may be another objection. If you ap-
point a greater number of officers than are ne-
cessary to attend to the .interests of the Govern-
ment in the examination of the claims which are
presented against it, instead of increasing the ef-
ficiency of the examining or defending counsel,
you necessarily weaken it; bccausc, when you
divide the responsibility between many, one will
depend on another, and the proper energy and
industry which ought to be exercised will be
lost. If there be actually a deficiency of counsel
of skill and ability to attend properly to the in-
terests of the United States before this tribunal,
we certainly ought to increase the number, not
merely to two or three, as proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut, but even to four
or five, if essential.
I understand that it is the duty of the solicitor
to prepare interrogatories for the examination of
witnesses in every part of the United States. This
is a very burdensome and irksome duty; and from
my own experience of such matters, I can very
readily perceive that, during the sessions of the
court, it would be impossible for one man to attend
properly to the interests of the Government; but
I am not sufficiently informed as to the fact
whether these branches of the duty of the solici-
tor have been attended to; and if not, whether
the neglect has been on account of the want of
time and ability to do so. When I use the term
" want of ability," I do not meant a want of nat-
ural or professional ability, but a want of suffi-
cient physical strength to attend to the duties
which he must perform in the argument of cases,
the preparation of briefs, and the examination
of the briefs of the claimants' counsel.
After all, in every matter of this sort, it is not
so much the number, as the real ability, of the
appointees, in which the Government is con-
cerned. I have no doubt there would be every
disposition on the part of the Executive to fur-
nish men of proper ability; but you may appoint
half a dozen or a score, and unless the selection
is made really with a view to the duties to be
performed, of capable, industrious, and energetic
men, it would be m vain to increase this corps. I
say this without meaning to express any greater
diffidence in this Administration than m any
other; nor do I wish to suggest that there are
particular persons who are in view to be appoint-
ed. I will say, in all candor to the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, from my knowledge
of the vigilance with which he watches the pro-
ceedings of Congress in reference to questions of
appropriation, and investigates claims, and his
general industry, and Ins firm purpose to do jus-
tice not only to individuals, but to the Govern-
ment, I should be glad if he had in view the
proper persons to fill those places, and I should
vote for the bill with more alacrity if such were
the fact.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. It is not my purpose to
press this bill to a vote this evening if several
Senators, who have expressed to me a desire to
have an opportunity to examine it further, shall
persist in that wish. My friend from Tennessee
does not seem to be well satisfied with the pro-
ceedings of the court thus far, or, rather, he has
not fully examined its proceedings. I do not
understand him to express dissatisfaction with
them.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Not at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. But he desires to know
from me, whether I have carefully examined the
decisions of the court' I will s;ty, in reply, that
1 have read many of its opinions, and I have
carefully watched its course. The bill by which
it was established was introduced by myself, and
therefore I have felt considerable interest m the
subject, and have been exceedingly desirous that
the court should work well; and I have hoped
that it will, in a great degree, remedy the evils
which we have all seen to exist in the adjust-
ment of private claims before Congress. The
proceedings of the court, so far as I have ex-
amined them, have been entirely satisfactory to
me. A synopsis of their decisions was published
a few days ago in the National Intelligencer, and
that synopsis, together with the opinion^ in full,
as published in the Union from time to time,
must, it seems to me, meet the approbation of
