1856.
TH® CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
tm
Now, as for the veto power: my colleague goes
on to argue-as if I had spoken against the veto
• power. "JSTot at all. I used that provision of Jjie
act to show that the people of the Territory did
not possess the power of self-government, to
expose that fallacy. I showed that the Governor
had a two thirds veto power which prevented the
people of the Territory from'exercising self-gov-
ernment. My colleague speaks as if I were ar-
guing against the veto j)ower generally. Let me
say that to give a veto power to a Governor or to
a President elected by the people is a very differ-
ent thing from placing it in the hands of a Gov-
ernor appointed over a people. When we elect
the Governor we may well give him a veto power.
When he is sent to us from abroad it is a very
different thing. The position which I took was
to show that self-government was not embraced
in the bill; and this is the answer to most of my
colleague's argument.
He wishes to know why X single out the Ne~
" braska act, and do not attack the measures of
1850? Sir, I am not attacking the measures of
1850; I single out the Nebraska act because, under
it, you claim that rights are conferred on the
people of a Territory which were never pretended
to be conferred on them by the acts of 1850.
But the Senator tells us that every matter which
is in issue between the parties is agreed upon by
the Democracy—I use the word Democracy now
to indicate the party to which he belongs. They
have assumed the appellation. I do not wish to
call any harsh names, though I think there is
very little Democracy in their ranks, and there
are c^uite as many Democrats out of that organ-
ization as in it; but, to be understood, I use the
term. He says they are agreed on all the ques-
tions in issue. Now 1 should like to know
whether the great leadi ng question in issue m this
country to-day,'which is swallowing up all
others, is not the right of slaveholders to take
their slaves to a Territory in the absence of any
law authorizing it, while it is a Territory ? Is not
that the great question, and is not that the ques-
tion on which my colleague will not and cannot
be forced to express an opinion? Are not this
and another kindred question—the right of a
Territorial Legislature to exclude slavery—the
great points at issue in this country, about which
more is said than about all others ? My colleague
says that the persons with whom he is acting are
perfectly agreed on the questions in issue. Why,
sir, all of them in the South say they have a right
to take their slaves into a Territory, and to hold
them there as such, while all in the North deny
it. All or most of his friends in the North say
the Territorial Legislature has a right to exclude
slavery if they please, and nearly all in the South
deny it. If that is an agreement I do not know
what Bedlam would be. I have no disposition
at all to prolong this discussion. I had no idea
that it would aiise. I shall be satisfied to let the
bill take the course suggested by my colleague.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not detain the Senate
by pursuing this controversy. My colleague
will have the last-word anyhow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two motions
are pending on the bill introduced by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]—one to print it,
and the other to refer it. The motion to refer is
first in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do tkey not form one
motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are sep-
arate motions, but may be considered together if
there be no objection.
The motions were agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FOOT. At the request of the honorable
Senator from Delaware, who is a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Clayton,] I
move that he be excused-from further service
on that committee. I make this, motion at his
request, and in consequence of his inability to
attend upon the meetings of that committee, grow-
ing out of a protracted illness under which he
"has labored.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore was authorized to fill the vacancy.
MA VAX RETIRING BOARD.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of th« Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 113) to amend the act
entitled "An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy."
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I do no't rise at
this stage of the debate to enter«into any discus-
sion of the nature or of the interpretation of the
" Act to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
Nor do I propose, on this occasion, to discuss or-
consider the manner in which that law has been
executed. The law itself, and its execution, have
been the subject of elaborate, and able, and ample
discussion here from the commencement of the
present session. I have neither praise nor blame
—commendation nor censure to bestow upon the
action of the late "board of naval officers."
They have discharged a duty imposed upon them
under the law, and as guided by the instructions
of the presiding head of the Navy Department.
That errors have been committed—that mistakes
have been made—that injustice has been done—
and wrong inflicted in many cases, is undenied
and undeniable. This is admitted upon all hands.
To assume that there had not been errors, and
mistakes, and consequently individual injuries
arid wrongs, resulting from the action of the
board, would be to claim for it a measure of in-
fallibility which belongs to no human tribunal.
These should be corrected. All profess a will-
ingness to adopt any practicable measure which
shall most speedily "and effectually repair what-
ever of wrong or injustice may have resulted
from the action of the board. This is all that is
desired—it is all that is asked by the parties com-
plaining. Without arraigning the conduct of the
board, or impugning its motives, we all agree
that injustice has been done; and we all agree in
expressing a desire that some measure may be
adopted by which that injustice shall be repaired,
so far as it may be practicable or possible. That
measure, which, 111 my judgment, will most effect-
ually accomplish this purpose, in which we all
agree, shall receive the support of my vote.
I repeat, that it is not my purpose, on this oc-
casion, to enter into the discussion of the already
exhausted subject of the action of .the board, nor
to hold up to your consideration individual cases
of wrong and injustice, many and flagrantas they
are, and fruitful as "they are of public sympathy
and of eloquent denunciation.
But my purpose now is to consider, for a
while, the primary and paramount question which
has been raised in the progress of this discussion,
of the constitutional powers of the President as
commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States.
The elaborate and able discussion upon the
action of the naval board, which has occupied so
much of the attention of the Senate during the
present session, has disclosed a contrariety of
views on the part of learned and distinguished
Senators, not only in respect to the character of
the action of the retiring board; not only in
respect to the constitutionality as well as the
policy of the act under which that board was
created; but it has also disclosed a diversity of
views in respect to the powers of the President as
the commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy.
In the progress of this debate the opinion has
been advanced, and been maintained with marked
ability by more than one honorable Senator, that
the President, by virtue of his office, possesses
the extraordinary power of dismissing, at will,
any or all the officers of both arms of the national
defense, even to the extent of disbanding the
entire forces both by land and by sea. The as-
sertion gf so remarkable a power, by Senators of
commanding position and influence in the country,
is well calculated to startle the public mind, and
to produce no small degree of alarm among the
officers of your Army and Navy, who have been
accustomed to believe that they held their com-
missions by a tenure derived from Congress, by
virtue of that clause of the Constitution which
vests in the Congress of the United States the
exclusive power to "declare war"—"to raise
and support armies"—to provide and maintain
a Navy"—and " to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval forces."
With profound respect and deference to the
matured opinions of those honorable Senators i
whoassertand maintain this extraordinary power i
for the Executive, I am constrained to take issue j
with them upon this question—to assert, in unre-
served terms, and to maintain, according to my |
best ability,,thatthe Presiden tjias-rio power to
dismiss any commissioned officer of the;Ar'my or
Navy, except in his executive "capacity in carry*
ing into effect the laws of Congress and"the sen-,
tenees of courts-martial. . * ■ ; • . .n"
Tl\e eighth section of the first article of ths
Constftution sets- out-m exttuso certain exclusive
powers which are solely vested in' Congress;"
These are beyofld the control of any other euthnr-'
ity, and bind alike the eixeo'utive, the WisJfetke,
and the judicial authorities of the Government.
One of these exclusifre powers is, "' to declare
war;" another is, " to1 raise and-support armies;"
another is, " to provide and maintain a Navy;"
and still another is, " to .make rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land-and naval,
forces.'' These powers, in despotic and .mo-
narchical Governments, are claimed and exercised
as the " rights of the King." But the wisq and
far-seeing men who framed our reptihliean'form
of government placed them far beyond the reach-
of executive control. They never intended, to
commit them to the " one man power;" but they
safely vested them in the representatives of the
people—in Congress assembled.
The Constitution enjoins upon Congress, and
upon Congress alone, the making of " rules fpy
the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces." Can Congress divest itself of this
control of the military and naval power of tlie
country, and submit it to the will of the Executive?.
It is my purpose to endeavor to show that.it can5
not.
Can the President declare war? Can he-estab-
lish post offices and post roads? Gan he coin
money and regulate the value thereof? Can ho
borrow money on the credit of the United States ?
There can be but one opinion entertained,and but
one answer given upon these points. These are
all exclusively legislative powers which Congress
alone can exert. They cannot be delegated to
the Executive. They cannot be delegated to any
other authority. They are beyond delegation.
Any attempt by the Executive to exercise any
one of these powers would subject him to im-
peachment and, removal from office. And yet
they are embraced in the same section; and sub-
ject to the same interpretation :as "that  which,
enumerating the exclusive powers of Congress-,
declares that " the Congress shall make rules for
the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces." The whole Army system has its
foundation in this section of the Constitution
which gives authority to Congress alone "to
raise and support armies,"" to provide and main-
tain a Navy," "and to make rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and- naval
forces." These, one and all alike, are exclusive
functions of Congress.
The second section of the second article of the
Constitution declares that " the President shall
be commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States." Although this is the highest
military office known to the Constitution, it v&sta
in the President none but executive and minis-
terial powers. He cannot make the laws which
govern the Army. Congress alone, under the
Constitution, can make them; and the same Con-
stitution requires the President faithfully to exe-
cute these laws. This he does through his war
officers, by subordinate military commanders,
and by orders. His oath of office imposed by the
Constitution more forcibly impresses this view of
the case, wherein he solemnly swears that he will
" faithfully execute the office o'f President of the
United States, and will, to the best of his ability,
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of
the United States." Here, it is clear that the
highest obligation imposed by the constitutional,
oath is, to defend the Constitution, and to execute
the laws of the land. Its application to the laws;
governing the Army and Navy is apparent-. Con-
gress, in compliance with the constitutional re-
quirement, has enactcd a complete codc of laws,
establishing courts-martial for ascertaining every
kind of military crime, and defining the nature
and degree of penalties. A more complete and
just system has, perhaps, never been devised. It
leaves to military men the complete judicial power
of the Army. They are the judges. They alone
who best understand military mischief, the nature
and working of all sorts of military evils* are the
jurors and triers of all military crimes and dis-
orders. In all this the President has no office or
