1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7
Mr. CLAWSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. (Jnukrwood.
3.1:. iSNIiKJJ suid that, had he not missed the
railroad connection at Richmond last night, he
should have- answered to his name when the roll j
of 11tf in!><-!■-s was first called.
Mr RUST stated that Mr. Walker had been
compelled to leave the Hall because of serious
indisposition.
The .SPEAKER. The Chair takes leave to
remark to the House that the case referred to by
the gentleman from South Carolina was a little
different from the case before the House now.
The case then was this: A report was made from
the Committee on Public Lands on subjects re-
ferred to that committee, and the amendment was
for a change of duties, which subject had been
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
the appropriate committee. There are two such
cases in the same Congress, in which the decision ;
of the Chair was undoubtedly correct, that it was
not germane to the subject reported on by the
Committee on Public Lands.
The result of the vote having been announced,
the bill reported by Mr. Campbell was read a
first and second time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
CLOSC OF DEBATE ON THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the usual resolu-
lution, that all debate on the Army appropriation
bill m the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be closed within five minutes after
its consideration shall be commenced.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAATDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills passed at ,
the last session of the following titles, when the
Spenk'-r signed the same:
An *et (C. C. 2\o. 3) for the relief of James
M. Lindsay;
An act f H. R. No. 332) for the relief of Calvin i
Hall, assignee of William Jones; j
An act (H. 11. No. 11) for the relief of J. W. ;
Todd, a lieutenant in the United States Army; j
An act (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Thomas Cordon, de-
ceased;
An act (H. R. No. 331) for the relief of John ,
Otis, 1
An act (C. C. No. 4) for the relief of Salvador
An act (Tt. R. No. 196) for the relief of 4n- .
toine Robedeau;
An act (II. R. No. 377) for the relief of Abner j
Dickson, a soldier in the war of 1613; j
An ait (H. R. No. 563) for the relief of Ru- :
dolph Kussmaul; 1
An act (H. R. No. 368) for the relief of Ur- j
Sllla E. Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb; f
An act (C. C. No. 6) for the relief of William ;
H. Chase; ... , , , j
An art (H. R. No. 224) authorizing the legal \
renre^.ntatives of Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter
lands in M issnuri;
An act (,U. R. No. 347) to confirm the title of,
Ruhama Wiuttafcer and R-becca Whittaker to |
certain lands tn the St'ite of Louisiana; ]
An act (II. R. No. 373) for the relief of John j;
Connolly, lale a private in company A, sixth in- :j
fdimr, United States Army; and jj
Yn" act (EI. R. No. 468) providing an increase '
of pension to Daniel Waldo, of Onondaga county, !
York. i
Mr CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the j
rnl'cN I,.- suspended, and thot the House resolve
!f into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the House refuse to
so into the Comniittee\>f the Whole on the state
of the Union, vtH it not be ill order, after the ex-
piration of ,ui hour, or the calling of committees .
for i'"ports, to go to she Speaker s table tor the
purpose of taking up the j<>nn resolution from the ;
iSennu>? ]|
The SPEAKER. It will. I
Mr. COIUJ. Then I hope that the motion to ,
go into committee will not prevail, but that we I
shall test the sense of the House at the proper
time, on the joint resolution from the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire of the Chair
when the morning hour commenced ?
The SPEAKER At eight minutes to three
o'clock.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Siunev Web-
ster, his Private Secretary, transmitting a letter
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
balances remaining in the Treasury for the last
appropriation for the support of the Army.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that the communication
accompanying the message just received from the
President may be read.
No objection being made, the communication
was read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, Jiugn<it 21,1856.
Sir : In answer to your inquiry as to the balances remain-
in the Treasury from the last appropriation for the support of
the Army, I have the honor to state that the obligations
already incurred by the Government exceed the sum of
tho=e balances by about §460,000. It may he proper to add
that a portion of the balances in the Ireasuiv having been
appropriated for specific objects, are not available loi the
support of the Army.
The present strength of the Army in requirements is over
thirteen thousand officers and men, more than twelve thou-
sand of whom are engaged in active field operations, and
m protecting the frontiers against the depi eolations of hostile
Indians; the small force, not thu« expended, hold the tor-
titications which cover the commercial cities and salient
point4* most exposed to a sudden descent by a foreign foe.
To disband the troops would subject our frontier settle-
ments to the attacks of a iormuiabie savage enemy, and
render our fortification-*, which have required y  :irs 01' labor
and millions of expenditure to construct, useless for na-
tional defenses m any sudden emergency.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JEPF'N DAVIS,
To the President. Secretary of War.
The message and accompanying documents
were laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY BILL—AGAIN.
The question being upon Mr. Campbell's
motion,
Mr. ALBRIGHT demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. 1 wish to inquire of
the Chair, if the House refuses now to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on this bill, and fails to take up the bill
under a suspension of the joint rule, whether it
will not be m order to go into committee after-
wards, and take up this bill ?
Mr. GROW. I w ish to inquire whether, if
the rules be suspended, and we go into commit-
tee, and take up this bill, it will be in order to do
any other business?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 75; as
follows:
YE \S Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett lienson, Billmgiiiir>t, Bt^Iiop, Bliss, IJindMiaw, Broom,
James II. Campbell, Lewis L>. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard
Clarke Ezra Clark, CoKax, Comms, Covode, Cragm,
Damrcl'l, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, I>e
Witt, Dick, Dickson, i>odd, Durfee, Bdie, Enme, Flagler,
Giddni"S Cilbsit, C1 anger, Grow, liobert B. Uall, H.tilan,
j. Morrwm Harris, Haven, Hoiloway, Thomas It. Hoiton,
Howard, Hugh^ron, keHey, Knapp, Knight, Knowiton,
KnoY, Kunkel, Lake, Lriter, Lindtey, Mace, Humphrey
Mar-hail, Matte^m, MeCarty, Tvillian Miller* Millward,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Xoitou, Andrew
Oliver Paiker, Pelton. I'ewnnvum, P<*tut, Pike, Punglo,
Purviance. Rieaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Robison, tf age. Supp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmon?, Spinner, Stanton, Snanahan,
Tanpan, Thonngtoti, Thurs-ton, Todd. Tiaiion. Wade,
Wakeinan, Walbiul-e, Wdldrou. Cadwalader C \Va«h-
burne, Elhhu B. Washhmne, Israel VVa^ihurn, U eicli,
Whitnev, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwotih—101.
N\YS —Messrs. Aiken, Akeis, Baik>dale, llendlcy K
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Biook^. Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell. Caskie, Cimgmm. Howe I
. Cobb, Williamson R. W Cobb, Co\. Ciaije. Crawiord,
i Cullen, Davidson, Denver, Dosvdell, Ediimud-on, Uhott,
1 Eu^tU Evans. Faulkuei, Florence, Thoma^ J. D. l'ul'er,
; Goode. Sampson W. II mis, Thomas L Uam-; Hickm.m,
I Houston, George W J< ne<, J. Glanc) ^Jones^ 1
1 well, Letchei. Lumpkm, \lt xand'-r K.. Mar>n:*ll, Samuel
I S Mar-haU,Maxwell, MeMulJm, McUueen. Smith Miller,
I MilVon, Orr, Peck. {'help-, Powell, Umttnan, lliveis,
! Rutfm, Rilst, Sandulsie, ^avaae, Shorter, Samuel A 551mm.
I William Smith, Wilium R Snuib, Sneed. Stephens,
! Stewart, Swope, Taibott, Taylor, 'i^ippe, \.ul. \ak,
1 Warner. Wheeler, Wmslow, Daniel B. U right, and John
| V. Wiwht—75.
I So the motion was agreed to.
| Pending the call of the roil,
I Mr. EUST1S stated that Mr. Filler, of Penn-
| sylvania, had paired ciT with Mr. Day.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committed of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Grow ih'
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk commenced reading the bill by
clauses; but was interrupted by
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, who said: I offer
a substitute, which is to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert what I send to the
Clerk. It will, perhaps, save time if £ make a
brief explanation of the substitute. It is the ori-
ginal Army bill as it was reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with a second sec-
tion added. The proviso which passed the House
is not inserted in it. If the second section is read
it will give to the committee all the information,
perhaps, which is necessary in order to under-
stand what the substitute is. I ask that it may
be read.
The second section was read, and is as fol-
lows:
2. Be it further enacted, That all laws passed by
the pretended Legislative Assembly of Kansas be, and the
same are hereby, disaffirmed, abrogated, and declared in-
valid : •diid jnoiided further, That it shall be the duty of
the Governor of saidTeiritory,and he is hereby authorized,
forthwith to reoigarnze the said Territory under and in ac-
cordance with the piovisions of an act entuled "An act to
organize the Terntories ot' Nebraska and Kansas," passed
May 30, 1654, as fully and entirely, to all intents and pur-
poses, as if 110 effort had heretofore been made for that pur-
. poMj. And the *aid Governor i^ hereby authorized and em-
i jioweied to eall an election for members of the Legislature
' according to said act; to appoint and prescribe the powers
and duties of the judges ot said election, and the forms of
oaths and leturnstn relation thereto ; and to is^ue general
instructions concerning the same: Provided, That it shall
not be lawful for any person to vote at such election unless
he shall have been an actual inhabitant of the said Territory
for the period of lour months, and of the district orprecinct
m which he may offer his vote for the period of thirty days
immediately preceding such election: And provided further.
That illegal or fraudulent voting at said election, or false
sweating tor the puipo-e of voting thereat, or contesting the
same, or any part thereof, shall be punishable by the dis-
tuct courts of said Terutoty by tine not exceeding two hun-
dred dollars, (^\W05) and nnpiisonment not exceeding one
yeat. FaNe sweat nig at, or in lelauon to, said election, is
heiehy deehited peijuiy : Jlnd provided fuilher, That the
slim of twenty-five thousand dollar (§05,000) is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasuiy not pther-
; w'wi anptopuated. to be expended, under the direction of
; the said Governor, m carijmg into cffect this act, and the
powers and duties vested m him by the said act, passed
! May 30, lb54.
I Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I submit the point of
order, whether that amendment is in order? I
submit that the second section just read is not
germane to any puition of the bill referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means by the House.
As 1 understand the reading of it, it is to provide
for the annulling of the laws of Kansas, and for
j the reorganization of the Territory of Kansas. I
submit to the Chair whether that is in order as
an amendment to this appropriation bill?
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 intend to propose to
amend the title of the bill, by making; it a bill to
provide appropriations for the Army " and for
j other purposes." The gentleman from Georgia
' knows full well that on this Kansas question de-
pends now the appropriations for the Army 
Mr. CRA1GE, (interrupting.) Is debate in
order?
The CH MRMAN. It is not m order.
Mr. CKAIGE. Then I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; let the Chair
'' decide the point of order. _
|l The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
II offers a substitute for the bill reported by the
I1 Committee of Ways and Means. The gentleman
!' from Georgia raises the point of order, that the
11 substitute is not in order, as it embraces a sub-
I' iect not referred to the Committee of Ways and
''Means. The Chair, under precedent, and by
ii his own judgment, decides the point of order to
j| be well taken, and rules the substitute out of
"llr". CAMPBELL. Do I understand the Chair
to "decide that the substitute is not in order'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, on
precedents cited tlus morning, that the point of
order is well taken, as the substitute embraces a
subject not referred to the Coiiirnittee of the
Whole on the state nf the Union.
The Clerk proceeded to report the bill by sec-
i tions for amendment.
1 Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose to stnk* out all
