1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
649
every sound lawyer in the country. I think the
court 1ms rightly construed its powers under the
act by which it has been established. It is true
it has not progressed as fast as some gentlemen
might desire,but my friend from Tennessee must
recollect that it is a new Institution—that it has
had to establish rules, to form a practice, and to
proceed carefully, and, as it were, to feel its way.
In regard to the propriety of furnishing the
solicitor with additional aid in the discharge of
his duties, I am content to let the matter stand
on the suggestions which my friend from Con-
necticut has so well expressed. My friend from
Tennessee has suggested that I may have per-
sons in view to fill these places. 1 desire to say
to him, that I do not know who is to be appointed
to any one of these offices.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish you did.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was not consulted before
in regard to the appointment of judges, and I do
not expect to be consulted now; but 1 will say
that if the President of the United States shall be
as fortunate in selecting the officers proposed by
this bill as he was in selecting the officers who
now compose the court, I shall be well satisfied.
Having made these remarks, I am willing that
the bill shall lie over for further examination, if
required.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not desire it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not intend to interfere
with the bill as it stands, although I should be
better satisfied if it went further. Some gentle-
men seem not to be entirely ready to go as far as
the bill goes; and yet they are not opposed to it.
I hope the bill will be put on its passage this
afternoon.
Mr. STUART. Before I shall be able to vote
for this bill, or for any other bill that proposes an
extension of this character, I shall want to be
very well satisfied of its necessity. I desire to
inquire of the Senator from Pennsylvania, if he
had any report from the officers of the court upon
which this action is based—anything which
shows the necessity or the extent of the necessity
for it? Such a report as that would go a great
way in satisfyingme;hut a mere supposition that
there is a necessity for more force in the court
does not satisfy me at all. "While every facility
should be given to this tribunal to dispose of the
public business, it should be constantly borne in
mind that it constitutes a nucleus around which
you may add officers and add expenses at every
session of Congress.
I do not intend to intimate anything further than
that I am without any information. So far as mere
rumor goes, so far as mere general knowledge
goes, I suppose I have as much as any other
Senator; but, sir, we ought to have exact and spe-
cific knowledge; and it ought to come from the
officeis of the court. We ought to see how much
business they have before th^m, how much they
are able to do, how much they are unable to do,
and what the effect of additional force will be to
aid them in that business. I propose to proceed
in such a manner that I can justify, by my own
judgment, the vote which 1 shall be called upon
to give; but at this time I have no such evidence,
and, therefore, I hope the Senate wjII agree to
postpone this bill, so that the vote will not be
passed upon it to-day, but that we shall be en-
abled, from some source, to get before the Senate
a specific statement of the information to which
I have referred.
There are somethings in the terms of the bill
itself which, if it is to be considered now, I shall
ask the Senate to amend, and some things which
I apprehend there will be no objection to amend-
ing. But, sir, I submit that it wTould be better
that the Senate should be provided with exact
information on this subject. It can be done read-
ily. The subject lies in a small compass. In-
formation can be readily obtained. The commit-
tee undoubtedly can be prepared early next week
to furnish to the Senate all information that would
be desired to enable us to act understandingly.
In what I have said I beg to be understood I
do not intend to indicate opposition to this in-
crease of officers, if it is necessary; but I wish to be
satisfied, and thoroughly satisfied, of that neces-
sity before voting for the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if this
bill is to be postponed for examination, as sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Michigan,
I have no desire to eay a word upon it now; but
on the supposition that the vote is to be taken to-
day, I desire to say & very few words.
I happen to be a member of the Committee on
Claims from which this bill comes. The com-
mittee were unanimous in the opinion, and were
exceedingly well satisfied of the fact, that an in-
crease of the force in the Court of Claims, for rep-
resenting the interests of the Government, was
not only necessary, but absolutely indispensable.
We had no report from the court, it is true, i
suppose the court gets along well enough with the
business before it, because it takes up one case
after another and disposes of it. This is not an
increase of force to aid the court, but it is an in-
crease of officers to enable the solicitor of the
Government to represent its interests properly be-
fore this tribunal.
It must be manifest to every man that one per-
son cannot by possibility attend to every case
which is brought before the Court of Claims, as
fast as the necessities of the country m the pre-
sentation of causes render desirable. No mortal
could do it. As most of us are lawyers, we can
answer the question from our own practice. The
solicitor of the court, I am satisfied, is a very
able and a very assiduous man in the discharge
of the duties of his position. He is obliged to
examine every cause that is docketed, to take
testimony in every cause, to examine and under-
stand the briefs of opposite counsel in every cause;
and then he is to present the Government's view
of every cause to the court. No man could live
and attempt to do all of this as fast as the inter-
ests of the country require that it should be done.
The committee were entirely satisfied, from their
own general information, as well as from repre-
sentations on which we had every right to rely,
that if we wished the business of the court done
properly and seasonably, we must give such an
increase of force there as is necessary.
With regard to the amount of business before
the court, the honorable Senator from Michigan
can form some judgment, I tlunk, from simply
looking at the cases which are referred by the
Senate and by the House of Representatives daily
to this tribunal. In addition to this, we know
that a vast number of cases arc brought before
the court from other quarters. Private individ-
uals present their claims against the Government,
without coming here in the first place and having
their cases referred from this body or from the
House of Representatives. The docket, it is un-
derstood, is well filled. Many of the causes are
of very great consequence. They are of sufficient
consequence to employ in behalf of the claimants
able counsel from different sections of the coun-
try. Those men come here to engage in them,
with ample time and leisure to give the most thor-
ough examination to them. They involve large
sums of money; and it must lie obvious to any
Senator that a single individual, as solicitor of
that court, whatever may be his ability, cannot
master one half or one quarter of the briefs which
are filed, and present the causes to the court in
the manner in which they should be urged on the
part of the United States.
The question then addresses itself at once to us:
if we mean to continue the court, will we give
such an increase of force, and such a trifling addi-
tional sum as salaries to the officers proposed by
this bill, as will enable the solicitor to attend prop-
erly to the claims presented against the Govern-
ment; and if so, whether we will not do itspeedily?
The more speedily we do it the better.
With regard to the court itself, I have not had
the opportunity which has been presented to the
chairman of the Committee on Claims to examine
all its decisions, and I am not, therefore, prepared
to say whether they arc able or otherwise. I
have heard that they are exceedingly good; and
from the character, as lawyers and judges, of the
gentlemen who have been selected to compose the
court, I have no doubt that they arc able. The
business is there; the Government must be rep-
resented; counsel on the other side must be met;
and, in my opinion, the sooner we make pro-
vision for it the better, because the sooner it is
done the better will be the manner m which the
causes will be presented. I do not urge it on
account of any deficiency on the part of the soli-
citor, but he must surely be unable to attend to
the business as it should be attended to, without
the aid that he is to derive from the assistance
which we propose to furnish him.
Now, sir, with regard to the suggestion of the
Senator from Connecticut, in reference to the
amendment of the bill, I will state the argument
in the committee. We took this view: we do
not exactly know how much assistance will be
necessary, and for how long a time it will be
necessary. At present the business of the court,
is very much crowded, because the two Houses
have sent large quantities of it there; but the
time will come, I apprehend, at no very distant
date, when the business to be presented will be
diminished. There is just now an extraordinary
press of business from the number of cases which
we are sending from Congress to the court. We
decided, therefore, not to appoint two assistant
solicitors, for the reason that it may turn out, in a
very short period of time, that two assistants are
not required, and wc all know how difficult it is,
when offices exist to be filled by the President,
that any view of expediency is suffered to prevail
to prevent the appointment of an officer, although
he may not have so much to do as might be re-
quisite.
A clerk is absolutely necessary in the solicitor's
office, and a clerk of a high grade. If we were
to appoint two solicitors and a cleric, we might
have more force than would be needed in a short
time. It is more easy, or at least more wise, to
leave ourselves in such a position that we can
increase the force hereafter if it shall be necessaiy,
rather than place ourselves in the position of
being compelled to reduce it, which is always a
difficult matter. For this reason the committee
decided that in regard to the permanent appoint-
ments to be made by the President, it was enough
to give one additional solicitor of high standing,
in order to direct the business of the office, and to
have a clerk appointed who should be capable,
under the direction of the principal solicitor, of
aiding him in the discharge of his duties in such
a manner as he may direct. I think, therefore,
the proposition of tiie Senator from Connecticut
ought not at the present time to be urge£ stren-
uously. If we succeed in appointing an additional
solicitor and clerk of the high character suggested
by the salary which we have fixed, it will prob-
ably be all that will be needed to enable the
agents of the Government to discharge their duty
in reference to the mass of claims now before the
court. I hope the bill will be passed speedily, for
I am satisfied it is of the utmost necessity.
Mr. STUART. I confess, Mr. President, that
these arguments have not served to convince me,
for the Senators have not given me any inform-
ation which is not possessed generally by the
country. The arguments are but one view of
the question, and they still do not present us the
facts. There is as much physical ability required
on the part of the judges as on the part of the
solicitor. The cases must be examined, not only
in respect to the facts, but in regard to the law,
by the judges after the argument is completed in
each case. This court cannot have, and does not
have, continuous sessions. It is obliged to take
recesses for the purpose of considering the argu-
ments, and preparing judgments. While this
process is going on by the court, the solicitor is
unquestionably examining other cases, to bo pre-
sented afterwards. And this is the'general work-
ing of the system. While, as I said before, I
am not disposed to withhold anything that is ne-
cessary to give facility and energy to this tribunal
for the dispatch of the business brought before
it, I am not willing, and I submit that the Senate
ought not to be willing, to go into an increase of
officers on the mere suggestion of its necessity.
Now, unless there is some knowledge on the
part of the committee other than what has been
presented to the Senate to-day, I submit that it
is not sufficient to induce the Senate to add three
new officers to this court. I say there is no such
information as should induce the Senate to agree
that the necessity exists.
It is exceedingly important, in the very incep-
tion of this tribunal, that the Congress of the
United States should proceed cautiously. It has
been well said by the Senator from Tennessee,
that it was regarded by those who were engaged
in instituting this court by law, as very much of
an experiment; and it is an experiment which
has not yet been fully tried. Thus far, I think
it has operated well. It is of an entirely different
character from the tribunal which I was disposed
to establish if my opinion could have prevailed;
