1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
power,, except to. order courts and to^ execute
sentence in ce/tain cases where the nature of the
grime,"by the terms of the law,requires hi& orders
before execution.
' The act of Congress approved April 10,1806,
completed our army code. As a judicial sys-
tem, it comprehends every species of immorality
and irregularity, as well as crime. It fixes, in
many instances, specific penalties; but every
offense', of whatever nature, must be ascertained
and declared by courts-martial; and the sentence,
whether iir the discretion of the court to fix, or '
whether-it be fixed in the terms of the act, must
be suggested judicially as a verdict. Can the
Executive of the United States alter the judicial
verdict of any court authorized by the Consti-
tution to ascertain and punish crime ? Most clearly
he cannot. And yet such a powerwould,indeed,
be small in magnitude, and harmless in its mis-
chiefs, in comparison with the power to punish,
at his own willx by dismission. The fifth article
of war provides that " any officer or soldier who
shall use contemptuous or disrespectful words
against the President of the United States, against
the Vice President thereof, against the Congress
of the United States, or against the chief magis-
trate or Legislature of any of the United States
in, which they may be quartered, if a commis-
sioned officer, -shall be cashiered, or otherwise
punished as a court-martial shall direct," &c.
Will any one pretend that any jurisdiction or
power is given to the President, in such a case,
except to order the dismission or other punish-
ment as the court shall suggest by its verdict?
Congress has here made an express law for the
protection of the President. Did he need any
such provision for his protection, if he, of his
own independent will, can exercise the power of
dismission? The tribunal is here specially named
that shall ascertain the fact and render the ver-
dict. To assert that the President, without this
verdict, could, of his own will and authority,
dismissan officer in this case, is the assertion,
in my judgment, of an untenable claim of power,
and one nowhere recognized by the Constitution.
It would be placing him above the power of Con-
gress, that lias by its law declared a spcciftc pen-
alty for a defined offense, which a military court
is to determine and punish. But the same reason
applies to every other military crime or disorder;
because the acts of Congress have provided mili-
tary courts to try and determine them, and ac-
cording to their nature and degree, to punish.
The ninety-ninth article of the act of 1806 de-
clares that, 44 All crimes not capital, and all dis-
orders and neglects which officers and soldiers
may be guilty of to the prejudice of good order
and military discipline, though not mentioned in
the foregoing articles, arc to be taken cognizance
of by a general or regimental court-martial, ac-
cording to the nature and degree of the offense,
and to punish at their discretion." There is cer-
tainly some meaning and significance in this com-
plete military system and code of laws. I submit
that it would be a mere piece of mockery—a
trifling wall legislation itself, to assert that, al-
though Congress, in the exercise of its express
constitutional power, lias provided a system of
laws for the government and regulation of the
Army and Navy and for the punishment of all
military offenses, the President has still the con-'
Ptitutiona! right'to set them aside, and, of his own
mere will, to punish, even to the extent of inflict-
ing that most ignominious of all punishments to
a military officer—dismissal from the service. And
yet this dangerous and despotic power—this ,
power which is higher than the Constitution 1
itself, has been claimed as a prerogative of the
President! Sir, the Piesident of the United
States has no prerogatives. Prerogatives belong ;
only to kings and emperors—not to the Presidents '
of a constitutional Republic. I understand the
term prerogative^ to imply an inherent and absolute t
right of office, in the absence of, or independent j
of, any legislative or constitutional grant. For- *
tunately for us, " all powers not expressly dele- j
gated to the United States by the Constitution, i
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to i
the States respectively, or to the people." That
reservation settles the epestion, and disposes of
all ideas of executive right or prerogative in this
country. _ And it is still more fortunate that the
Constitution so clearly places all military control
snder the regulation of Congress, so that the
sword may never become a weapon in the hands
of a bad and ambitious Executive to overawe his
masters^" or to subvert their liberties.
It has been contended that this point was
yielded by Congress in 1789, in the several acts
establishing the different Executive Departments,
wherein the right of the President to remove the
officers created under those Departments is as-
sumed in express terms. It should be borne in
mind, however, that those were acts creating civil
offices before unknown to the country, and that
this assumed right of removal in these cases could
not, under any of the established and authorized
rules of construction, be made to reach and apply
to other classes of officers already, both by the
Constitution and the laws, placed beyond exec-
utive power and control. The debates in both
Houses of Congress>at the time, upon that sub-
ject, show that these were regarded as mere civil
offices, and such as were held at the pleasure of
the Executive, and for whose trial and removal
no provision had been made. The power was
conceded, in these cases, as essential to enable
the President faithfully to execute his office by
the removal of faithless servants who might be-
come dangerous to the country without this sum-
mary exercise of an extraordinary power. No
laws reached them; and their numbers, at home
and abroad, forbade the idea or possibility of
creating any tribunal for their trial and removal.
The slow and uncertain process of impeachment
was inadequate to the public good or the public
security. It was properly and wisely considered
and determined, therefore, that the President's
oath of office carried with it the right to remove
this class of officers at his will and pleasure. In
all the discussion which arose upon this question
of the constitutional power of the President, in
reference to removals from office, it appears to
have been well understood that the exercise of
this executive power was limited to those exec-
utive officers, and did not reach the cases of offi-
cers of the Army and Navy, or the judiciary and
inferior officers holding for a term of years.
The Constitution had then been adopted, and
no men better understood and interpreted its true
sense and meaning than the illustrious men who
composed the Congress of 1789. They had passed,
in all their terms and provisions, the same laws
for the government of the Aimy then,which con-
stitute the military code of the present time. The
act of 29th September, 1789, entitled "An act to
recognize and adapt to the Constitution of the
United States the establishment of the troops
raised under the resolves of the United States in
Congress assembled, and for other purposes there-
in mentioned;" m the fourth section thereof,
provides, that "the said troops shall be governed
by the rules and articles of war which have been
established by the United States in Congress
assembled, or by such rules and articles of war
as may hereafter by law be established."
A^am, Mr. President, if by any provision,dec-
laration, or assumption of the act of 1789, it was
intended that the removing power of the Presi-
dent should reach the military commissions of
the Army and Navy, it was pro tanto clearly un-
constitutional, and of no effect. Congress could
delegate no such power to the President. It is one
of those exclusive powers which Congress must
exert directly and of its own acts. Congress had
accepted the terms of the Constitution to make
" rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces." Such rules had at that >
time been made by Congress. They instituted i
courts-martial for the finding of every species of |
immorality and -vice in the Army, and for the !
suggestion of their punishment. That military j
tribunal, while those laws stand unrepealed, is !
as'immutable as the civil judiciary; and its officers
are as far beyond the reach of the President for
removal or other punishment, at his mere pleas-
ure.
And again, sir, the admission of this power of
removal at will by the President overturns another
principle of personal freedom and security—that
is, the exemption of every man from bein<r twice
jeoparded, tried, or punished for the same offense.
If it is the constitutional right of the President to
remove, at will, any commissioned officer of the
Army or the Navy, a trial and punishment, or a
trial and acquittal by court-martial, can in no man-
ner vitiate or avoid that right; and the officer who
has been honorably acquitted to-day, upon fair
trial by his peers, would still be liable to be struck
down to-morrow by the Executive; or, having
borne suspension of rank and pay •by the sen-
tence of a court, may yet be dismissed by the
President when he has already borne the penalty
of the law. This is too clear to require discus-
sion, or to admit of controversy. The very idea
is so full of peril to the security of character and
of personal independence, that it would hardly
seem possible that it should find its advocacy upon
this floor, or anywhere in a country of liberty
and of law. It is a mockery of our national po-
litical axiom, that no citizen shall be deprived of
personal freedom and his good name, except for
ascertained crime; and that all shall be protected
from vexations and punishments of any kind on
charges once judicially declared to be unfounded
and false.
There is grave import in the language of the
Constitution declaring that " the Congress shall
make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and navalforces." The termsareclear,
and their significance is pointed and weighty.
They cannot be narrowed down to partial rules,
fragmentary regulations, or disintegrated govern-
ment—courts-martial taking notice of a part, and
the President, at his mere pleasure, interposing,
without hearing, finding, or verdict, in other
cases. There can be no division of an exclusive
power vested by the Constitution in Congress.
The very nature of this power—arbitrary, poten-
tial, and perilous as it is, even under the most
vigilant and fixed keeping—forbids the presump-
tion that the framers of our conservative institu-
tions ever intended to leave its exercise to the will
of one man. Nor can Congress pass it to such
keeping and control. This language of the Con-
stitution cannot, with safety or consistency, be
construed- to mean anything less than all laws
necessary to the complete "governmentandregu-
lation" of the Army and Navy.* They must, to
this end, reach all disorders, punish every mili-
tary crime, and maintain discipline. The Presi-
dent. by his oath of office, and his constitutional
functions as " commander-in-chief," must direct
their application to the service, and see to their
execution. In this application he cannot change
the substantive letter or meaning of the code.
Where that has provided for ascertaining and
punishing offenses, of whatever kind, he cannot
vary that provision; much less can he, in contra-
vention of it, punish of his own will, upon the
verdict of his own judgment, or the suggestions
of his mere caprice. He can no more change the
nature of the verdict of a court-martial, or, by the
application of it, alter the nature of punishment,
than he can revise or change the decisions of the
supreme judicial power. He is invested with the
pardoning power by the Constitution, and can
disapprove the verdicts of courts-martial by the
terms of the law, or commute punishment in
degree, as this, in its nature, is incident to the par-
doning power; but he cannot lawfully change the
character and nature of verdicts, or, annulling
them, punish where they suggest, or by statute
arc applicable.
The rule of the English law from which wa
have drawn largely is,"that the Crown, by arti-
cles of war, may define and punish crime and
disorders where Parliament, by its mutiny act,
has not made provision. The unvarying decisions
of the law tribunals of England have been that
the king's articles can only apply where Parlia-
ment has failed to legislate. But as the armies
of England, in her colonies covering every part
of the two hemispheres, are placed beyond legis-
lative provision for a great variety of offenses
which must in the nature of things constantly
arise, the king's articles necessarily have an ex-
tensive application. In fact, the great majority of
cases reported in their military trials have oc-
curred in their armies where the king's articles,
and not the law of Parliament—the mutiny act-
applied. They were beyond the realm.
A very prevalent error obtains by applying to
our service the customs of English courts whose
authority and jurisdiction have little or no rela-
tion to ours, excepting only the regulations and
laws of the 44 home army." These latter are
governed by the mutiny act in all cases. The
foundations of these systems are totally unlike in
their nature and policy. Ours, under the Consti-
tution, is vested in Congress—theirs, in Parlia-
ment and the king's articles. Yet these articles.
