640
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 21,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Washburn, Jr., of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
the Federal authorities the use of her prisons for the deten-
tion of fugitive slaves.
" They are answered by his early and unyielding opposition
ta the Wilmot proviso.'^   * * *
" They are answered by every vote he gave in the Amer-
ica* Congress on the question of slavery, and by the fact,
that of all northern men he has been among the most prom-
inentia asserting and defending a strict construction of the
Federal Constitution."
• * * * *
"They are answered by the resolutions adopted by the
last Democratic State Convention of Pennsylvania, and
acccpted and indorsed by Mr. Buchanan, on Thursday, the
8th of May, in the following language:
"' The duties of the President, whomsoever he may be,
have been clearly and ably indicated by the admirable reso-
lutions of the convention which you have just presented
to me, and alt of which, without reference to those merely
personal to myself, I heartily adopt. Indeed, they met.my
cordial approbation from the moment when I first perusal
than on the other side of the Mlantic. They constitute a
platform broad, national, and conservative, and one emi-
nently worthy of the Democracy of our great and good old
State."'
Among the resolutions thus accepted and in-
dorsed by Mr. Buchanan are these:
" Resolved, That in the repeal of the act known as the
Missouri compromise act, and the passage of the act organ-
izing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, free from
unconstitutional restrictions, the last Congress performed
a work of patriotic sacrifice tn meeting the demands of sec-
tional excitement by unshaken adherence to the fundamental
law.
"Resolved, That this legislation cannot beieemedunneceit-
sary, but that it was expedient to meet the questions of
which it disposed, and which could never adirjit of a more
easy settlement than at present. That we recognize in it
the application to the Territories of the United States of
the rule of <equal and exact justice to all men,' of all sec-
tions of the Confederacy, which was designed by the framers
of our Government, and which was defined as one of its
essential principles by the immortal Jefferson.."
From the first of these resolutions we learn that
Mr. Buchanan regards the repeal of the Missouri
compromise as a patriotic work required by the
Constitution, or, as the resolution expresses it,
" the fundamental law;" and from the second,
taken in connection with his indorsement, it may
be inferred that he'accepts the southern doctrine
of " equality of the States," as defined by Mr.
Keitt in the extract I have read from his speech.
That there may be no doubt as to the extreme
pro-slavery character of the Cincinnati platform,
upon -which Mr. Buchanan stands, I quote the
opinion of the highest authority upon that point.
Senator Douglas, in a dispatch to a member of
the convention, wrote thus:
" Washington, June 5,1856—9, a. m.
• Dear Si* : I have just read so much of the platform as
relates to the Nebraska bill and slavery question. The
adoption of that noble resolution, by the unanimous vote of
all the States, accomplishes all the objects I had in view in
permitting my name to be used before the convention."
After this Mr. Buchanan's position upon the
slavery question cannot be regarded as equivocal.
Nor can we wonder that a platform so ultra pro-
slavery and anti-Democratic was adopted: it was
required, not more by the claims of the slave
power, than by a regard for the opinions and
antecedents of the candidate. How, let me ask,
could a more suitable platform have been con-
structed for one who, forty years ago, if common
fame report truly, declared that if he had." a drop
of Democratic blood in his veins, he would let it
out;" or who, twenty-five years later, in the Sen-
ate of the United States, advocated a particular
monetary policy upon the ground, and for the
reason in part, that it would tend to reduce the
wages of American labor to the rates of European
labor ?
Sir, I have just read that Mr. Buchanan, in his
speech to the Philadelphia Keystone club, de-
clared that lie accepted and cordially approved the
Cincinnati platform,pro-slavery and foreign pol-
icy parts, and all. No doubt of it.
And now, before passing finally from this res-
olution, as Mr. Buchanan adopts the whole of it,
it may not be impertinent to inquire as to his i
understanding of the language " claiming the fel- i
lowship of," &c. Does he claim the fellowship |
of the Democrats of the war of 1812, the Madi- i
sonian Democrats ? and if so, upon what ground > i
Of the administration of Mr. Madison, and of the I
war, he spoke as follows in a Fourth of July ora- !
tion in 1815: |
" Time will not allow me to enumerate all the other wild '
and wicked projects of this Administration. Suffice it to I
•ay that, after they had deprived Us of the means of defense,
•by destroying our Navy and disbanding our Army; after
they bad ta^eq away from us the power of recruiting them,
by ruining commeroe, the great source of our national and '
individual wealth; after they had, by refusing the Bank of
the United States a continuance of its charter, embarrassed
the financial concerns of the Government, and withdrawn
the ouly universal paper medium of the country from circu-
lation ; after the people had become unaccustomed to, and,
of course, unwilling to bear taxation, and without money
in the Treasury, they rashly plunged us into a war with a
nation more able to do us injury than any other in the world.
What was the dreadful necessity for this desperate measure ?
Was our country invadedNo. Was it to protect our little
remaining commerce from the injuries it sustained by the
orders in council ? No. Commerce was no such a favorite,
and the merchants wished for uo war on that account."
Does he claim the fellowship of our adopted
fellow-citizens ? It cannot be upon the strength
of the following portions of the same oration:
" To secure this foreign feeling has been the labor of their
leaders for more than twenty years; and well have they been
paid for their trouble, for it has been one of the principal
causes of introducing and continuing them in power. Im-
mediately .before the war, this foreign influence had com-
pletely embodied itself with the majority, particularly at the
West, and its voice was heard so loud at the seat of Gov-
ernment that President Madison was obliged either to yield
to its dictates, or retire from office. The choice was easily
made by a man who preferred his private interests to the
public good, and be therefore hurried us into war utterly
unprepared.
" We ought to use every honest exertion to tum out of
power those weak and wicked men whose wild and vision-
ary theories have been tested and found wanting. Above
all, we ought to drive fVom our shores foreign influence,
and cherish American feeling. Foreign influence has been
in every age the curse of republics—its jaundiced eye sees
everybody in false colors—the thick atmosphere of preju-
dice, by which it is ever surrounded, excluding from its
sight the light of reason. Let us then learn wisdom from
experience, and forever banish this fiend from our society."
I have understood that he and his friends claim
special fellowship with the old Henry Clay
Whigs. Is this because of his connection with
the long-pince exploded calumny of " bargaip
and corruption?" Are the old friends of Henry
Clay to feel a peculiar nearness to James Buch-
anan, who did Mr. Clay the greatest injury it
was possible for one public man to do another ?
This history is found at length in Colton's biog-
raphyofMr. Clay, to which I would commend
the lifetime friends of the "great commoner."
General Jackson, in a letter to Carter Beverly,
dated June 6,1827, gives some account of Mr.
Buchanan's part in these transactions. In this
letter, he says:
" Early in January, 1825, a member of Congress of high
respectability visited me one morning, and observed that
he had a communication he was desirous to make to me;
that he was informed there was a great intrigue going on,
and that it was right I should be informed of it; that he
came as a friend, and let me receive the communication as
I might, the friendly motives through which it was made,
he hoped would prevent any change of friendship or feeling
in regard to him. To which I replied, from his high stand-
ing as a gentleman and a member of Congress, and from
his uniform friendly and gentlemanly conduct toward
myself, I could not suppose he would make any communi-
cation to me which he supposed was improper. Therefore,
his motives being pure, let me think as I might of the com
munication, my feelings toward him would remain unal-
tered. The gentleman proceeded: he said he had been
informed by the friends of Mr. Clay, that the friends of Mr.
Adams bad made overtures to them, saying, if Mr. Clay and
bis friends would unite in aid of Mr. Adams's election, Mr.
Clay should be Secretary of State; that the friends of Mr.
Adams were urging, as a reason to induce the friends of
Mr. Clay to accede to their proposition,that if I were elected
President, Mr. Adams would be continued Secretary of
State—(innuendo, there would be no room for Kentucky;)
that the friends of Mr. Clay stated the West did not wish
to separate from the West, and if I would say, or permit
any of my confidential friends to say, that in case I were
elected President, Mr. Adams should not be continued Sec-
retary of State, by a complete union of Mr. Clay and Iris
friends they would put an end to the presidential contest
in one hour; and he was of opinion it was right to fight
such intrigues with their own weapons."
Mr. Clay, in a speech delivered at Lexington,
July 12,1827, thought the General ought to have
rendered the "distinguished member" a little
more 'distinguished by ordering him from his
presence. He said:
" A man who, if he is a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, is doubly infamous— infamous for the advice
which he gave, and infamous for his willingness to connive
at the corruption of the body of which he is a sworn mem-
ber— is the credible witness by whom General Jackson
stands ready to establish the corruption of men whose char-
acters are never questioned!"
Mr. Webster shrewdly suspected who General
Jackson's informant was; and in a letter to Mr.
Clay, dated Boston, July 24,1827, wrote:
" i have a suspicion that the respectable member of Con-
gress is Mr. Buchanan. If this should turn out so, it will
place Aim In an awkward situation, since it seems he did
recommend a bargain with your friends. on the suspicion
that such a bargain had been proposed to them on the part
of friends of Mr. Adams. I am curious to gee how this
matter will develop itself."
The atmosphere was becoming too hot for Mr.
Buchanan, and on the 8th of August of the same
year he wrote a letter to the Lancaster Journal,
acknowledging that he was the member of Con-
gress referred to by General Jackson—indeed, I
thing the General had already, in some subse-
quent letter to that of the 6th of June, disclosed
his name — and substantially denying General
Jackson's version of the interview. From this
letter I make the following extract:
" When the editor of the United States Telegraph, on the
12th of October last, asked me by letter for information
upon this subject, I promptly informed liim by the return-
ing mail, on the 16th of that month, that I liad no autiiority
from Mr. Clay, or his friends, to propose any terms to Gen-
eral Jackson, in relation to their votes; nor did I ever
make any such proposition."
Whether Mr. Buchanan's claim to the fellow-
ship of the old Whigs will be allowed by them,
is a question which they will answer for them-
selves, and I have but little doubt that the answer
will be such as ought to be given in response to
such a request.
Mr. Chairman, the portions of the platform
referring to the foreign policy of the country are
as objectionable and even more alarming than
those which relate to its domestic affairs. They
are in pari materia, and look to the same object,
namely, the enlargement of the area of slavery
within the boundaries of the United States—the
latter by pushing slavery over the Territory,
and the former by the acquisition of Cuba and
portions, it may be, of Central America and
Mexico, by purchase, or their forcible seizure
by the arms of the United States directly, or
through the agency of the buccaneering policy
avowed at Cincinnati and blown in the face of the
civilized world. The fillibustering resolutions
of the Democratic convention must be read and
interpreted in the light of the doings of the cele-
brated Ostend conference.
Here is one of the resolutions:
" Resolved, That the Democratic party will expect of
the next Administration that every proper effort will be
made to insure our ascendency in the Gulf of Mexico, aiid to
maintain a permanent protection to the great outlets through
which are emptied into its waters the products raised out
of the soil, and the commodities created by the industry
of tbe people of aur western valleys, and of the Union at
large."
If any one doubts that this means Cuba cer-
tainly, and other acquisitions probably, let him
read the official report of that conference, made
on the 18th of October, 1854, and as he reads bear
in mind that James Buchanan, whose name ap-
pears thereto, is the man whom the Democracy
hope to place at the head of the next Administra-
tion, and that his associates at that conference
were Messrs. John Y. Mason and Pierre Soule.
From this report, made by Messrs. Buchanan,
Mason, and Soule, I desire to read some extracts:
" There has been a full and unreserved interchange of
views and sentiments between us, which we are most happy
to inform you has resulted in a cordial coincidence of
opinion on the grave and important subjects submitted to
our consideration.
"We have arrived at the-conclusion,'and are thoroughly
convinced that an immediate and earnest effort ought to
be made by the Government of the United States to pur-
chase Cuba from fepain at any price for which it can be
obtained, not exceeding the sum of - dollars."
*******
" From its locality it commands the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, and the immense annually-increasing trade which
must seek this avenue to the ocean. On the numerous
navigable streams, measuring an aggregate course of thirty
thousand miles, which disembogue themselves through this
magnificent river into the Gulf of Mexico, the increase of
the population within the last ten years amounts to more
than that of the entire Union at the time Louisiana was
annexed to it.
" The natural and main outlet to the products of this en-
tire population, the highway of their direct intercourse with
the Atlantic and the Pacific States, can never be secure,
but must ever be endangered while Cuba is a dependency
of a distinct Power, in whose possession it has proved to he
a source of constant annoyance and embarrassment to their
interests."
* • *
" But if Spain, deaf to the voice of her own interest, and
actuated by stubborn pride and a false sense of honor,
should refuse to sell Cuba to the United States, then the
question will arise, what ought to be the course of the
American Government under such circumstances ?
" Self-preservauon is the first law of nature with States
as well as with individuals. All natfons have, at different
periods, acted upon this maxim. Although it has been made
the pretext for committing flagrant injustice, as m the par-
tition of Poland, and other similar cases which history
records, yet the pnnciple itself, though often an used, baa
always been recognized."
