1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
641
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Fhc Laws of Kansas—Mr. Colfax.
Ho. of Reps.
« ou, pa history forbids (hat we should acquire the
Island of Cuba without the consent of Spain, unless justi-
fied bv the great law of self-preservation. We must, in any
evetiu preserve our own conscious rectitude and our own
self-respect. Whilst pursuing this course, we can afford to
disregard the censures of the world, to which we have
been so often and so unjustly exposed.
" After we shall have offered Spain a price for Cuba far
bevond its present value, and this shall have been refused,
it will then he time to consider the question, Does Cuba, in
the possession of Spain, seriously endanger our internal
peace, and the existence of our cherished Union ?
" Should this question be answered in the affirmative,
then by every law, human and divine, we shall be justified
t  trrrki** it from Spain, if we possess the power ; and this
upon the very same principle that would justify an individ-
ual m tearing down the burning house of his neighbor if
there were no other means of preventing the flames from
destroying his own home.
*' Under such circumstances we ought neither to count
the cost nor regard the odds which Spain might enlist against
us. We forbear to enter into the question, whether the
present condition of the island would justify such a meas-
ure. We should, however, be recreant to our duty, be un-
worthy of (Mir gallant fbrefcthere, and commit base'treason
against our posterity, should we peimit Cuba tq be African-
ized, and become a second St. Domingo, with all its attend-
ant horrors to the white race, and suffer the flames to ex-
tend to our neighboring shores, seriously to endanger or ac-
tually to consume the Our fabric of our Union. We fear
that the course aad current of events are rapidly tending
towardssucb a catastrophe. We, however, hope for the best,
though we ought certainly to be prepared for the worst."
General Pierce having broken down the barrier
of tie Missouri compromise, and prepared the
way for the introduction of slavery into the Ter-
ritories of the United States; it is to be the mission
of Mr. Buchanan's administration, if the Ameri-
can people shall see fit to elect him, to extend
slavery in another direction, and, if necessary,
by a resort to the means indicated and shadowed ,
forth in the foregoing extracts. And I think I
have read in some of the papers that he was to be i
supported as the safe and conservative candidate! ,
Sir, if any man, at any time, in this country or
any other, for the las* three centuries, has avowed
doctrines more shameless and atrocious than are
contained in this report, I have never read or
heard of him. Other nations may have contem-
plated and executed scheme? similar to that which
engaged the attention of the conference at Ostend;
but it was reserved to American diplomatists, in
the last half of the nineteenth century, to openly
avow the purpose and justify the principle which
it involves.
But, sir, it is an inexpressible relief to emerge
from this dark and fetid atmosphere, reeking with j
shames and wrongs, into the clear light and health- i
ful breezes of truth and liberty. A few days since, I
upon the anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill,
and in the city where sat the convention which |
declared " these truths to be self-evident, !
that all hex are created equal; that they ,
are endowed by their creator with certain
ik alienable rights; that among these are
life, liberty, antt the pursuit of happiness,"
assembled another convention composed of men
devoted to the cause, and full of the spirit which
animated their predecessors. That convention
designated as the standard-bearer of freedom in
this great contest, a strong and true man, whose
aim will be to maintain the principles of the Con-
stitution, and bring back the Government to the
policy of Washington and Jefferson. It also
adopted a platform which recognizes a North as
well as a South, and respects the rights of free-
dom as not less sacred than the claims of slavery.
In this assemblage of freemen were the warm and
devoted friends of the able and ever-faithful chief
magistrate of the Buckeye State, who properly
u rged his great qualifications for the highest posi-
tion in the Republic. There, too, were the sup-
porters of the accomplished jurist, the tried pat-
riot, and the Christian gentleman, John McLean.
And there, from every State and section, were
hosts of admirers of the foremost man of this
country, and the first of living statesmen, recog-
nized, in both hemispheres, aa the truest repre-
sentative pf what is best in the civilization ofthe
age. I need not pronounee the name of the great
Senator from New York.
" Disce, puer, vmatem ex me, verumque laborem;
Fortunam ex aliis."
But, sir, the ingenuous youth of America who
shall study aright his life and character, will learn
not merely this, but the nobler lesson, that there
is no higher fortune than attends him who, in the
hour of extremest peril, faithfully serves, and
wisely saves, his country.
New Series.—No. 41
Mr. Chairman, the friends of these gentlemen,
and of all others whose names, whether with
their own consent or not, were before the con-
vention, cheerfully and cordially united, as the
best thing which could be done in this exigency,
in presenting to the people of the United States,
as the anti-sectional and Republican candidate for
President, the name of the brave and chivalrous
gentleman who, more than any other man per-
haps, contributed to place the star of California
in the galaxy of free States—a name which is at
once a synonim of the cause, and a prophecy of
success.
Sir, I triumph in the faith, nay,the undoubting
conviction, that the proceedings of that convention
will be sustained by a large majority of the Amer-
ican people. How can it be doubted? Look
around you—to Kansas—to the White House—
to this Capitol—and tell me if you can doubt it,
unless you are prepared to believe that civiliza-
tion and republicanism are failures, and only
slavery and barbarism possible upon this earth!
Doubt it! No; for you have seen that the same
spirit which has always animated brave men in
freat emergencies, possesses and guides your
rethren now; and you have witnessed how the
freshly-committed and Still-augmenting crimes
against liberty and humanity have put fire into
their bones, a terrible strength into their arms.
Doubt it! No; for in the vast assemblies of the
free North, you have taken by the hand men of all
political parties, who, sinking past differences,
have nobly united to save their country, and you
have felt the power which lies in magnanimity and
moral heroism. Doubt it! No; for, from the
throbbing hearts of your countrymen, your spirit
hears, in all hours and places, the earnest and
stirring invocation—
" Gather you, gather you, angels of God—
Freedom, and Mercyj and Truth;
Come ! for the earth has grown coward and old—
Come down and renew as her youth.
Wisdom, Self-sacrifice, Daring, and Love,
Ilaste to the battle-field, stoop from above,
To the day of the Lord at hand."
And with these allies, for they are never sum-
moned in vain in a cause like this, there can be
no such thing as failure.
THE "LAWS   OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF SCHUYLER COLFAX,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
June 21,1856.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on die
state of the Union on the Army appropriation bill,
Mr. COLFAX said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to give notice that I
shall move, when we reach the third clause of
the pending Army bill, the following amendment;
and I read it now, because the remarks I shall
make to-day are designed to show its necessity:
"But Congress, hereby disapproving ofthe code of alleged
laws officially communicated to them by the President, and
which are represented to have been enacted by a body claim-
ing to be the Territorial Legislature of Kansas; and also dis-
approving of the manner in which said alleged laws have
been enforced by the authorities of said Territory, expressly
declare that,until these alleged laws shall have been affirmed
by the Senate and House of Representatives as having
been enacted by a legal Legislature, chosen in conformity
with the organic law by the people of Kansas, no part of
the military force of the United States shall be employed in
aid of their enforcement; nor shall any citizen of Kansas
be required, under their provisions, to act as a part of the
posse comitatus of any officer acting as marshal or sheriff
in said Territory."
My especial object to-day is to speak relative
to this code of laws, now in my hand, which has
emanated from a so-called Legislative Assembly
of Kansas; and for the making of which your
constituents, in common with mine, have paid
their proportion—the whole having been paid for
out of the Treasury of the United States. In
speaking of the provisions embodied in this
voluminous document, and of the manner in which
these " laws" have been enforced, I may feel it my
duty to use plain and direct language; and I find
my exemplar, as well as my justification for it, in
the unlimited freedom of debate which, from the
first day of the session,has been claimed and ex-
ercised by gentlemen of the other side of the I
House. And, recognizing that freedom of debate
as we have, to the fullest extent, subject only to
the rules of the House, we intend to exercise it
on this side, when we may see fit "to do so, in the
same ample manner. Hence, when we have been
so frequently called " fanatics, "and other epithets
of denunciation, no one, on these seats, has even
called gentlemen of the other side to order. When
it has pleased them to denounce us as Black
Republicans or colored Republicans, we have
taken no exception to the attack, for we regard
freedom of speech as one of the pillars of our free
institutions. When, not content with this, they-
have charged us with implied perjury, in being
hostile to the Constitution, and unfaithful to the
Union, we have been content to leave the world
to judge between us and ouraccusers—a scrutiny
in which principles will have more weight than
! denunciation. In spite of all these attacks we
! have not been moved to any attempt to, restrict
i the perfect and most unlimited freedom of speech
on tne part of our denouncers; for. we acknowl-
edged the truth of Jefferson's sentiment, that
j " Error ceases to be dangerous when Reason is
left free to combat it."
If that constitutional safeguard of our rights
and liberties, free speech in debate, is to be recog-
nized anywhere, itshould certainly be recognized,
enforced, and protected, in this House. Every
representative of a free constituency, if worthy
of that responsible position, should speak here
at all times, not with " bated breath," but openly
and fearlessly, the sentiments of that constituency;
forj sir, it is not alone the two hundred and
thirty-four members of this House who mingle
in this arena of debate; but here, within this bar,
are the teeming millions of American freemen, not
individually participating, as in Athens in the
olden time, in the enactment of laws and the dis-
cussion and settlement of the foreign and domestic
policy of the .nation; but still, sir, participating
in the persons of their representatives, whom they
have commissioned to speak for them, in the im-
! portant questions which are presented for our
1 consideration. Here, in this august presence,
j before the whole American people, thus repre-
I sen ted, stand, and must ever stand, States and
statesmen, legislators and jurists, parties and
principles, to be subject to the severest scrutiny
; and the most searching review. Here Alabama
arraigns Massachusetts, as she has done through -
the mouth of one of her Representatives but a
few weeks since; and here Massachusetts has
equally the right to arraign any other State of the
Confederacy. And while the Republic stands,
that freedom of debate, guarantied and protected
by the Constitution, must and will be sustained
and enforced on this floor.
Mr. Chairman, I feel compelled, on this occa-
sion, therefore, by truth, and by a conscientious
conviction of what I know to be the feelings of
my constituents—for whom I speak as much as
I do for myself—to denounce, as I do this day,:j
the " code of the so-called Legislature of Kan- :
sas as a code of tyranpy and oppression, a
code of outrage and of wrong, which would dis-
grace the Legislature of any St«te of the Union,
as it disgraces the Goths and Vandals, who, after •
invading and conquering the Territory, thus at-
tempted to play the despot over its people, and
to make the white citizens of Kansas greater •
slaves than the blacks of Missouri. No man can
examine the decrees of Louis Napoleon, no mat-
ter how ignorant he may have been of the pro- •
cession of events in France for the past; six
years, without having the conviction forced upon
his mind that they emanated from an usurper and
a despot. The very enactments embodied in
these decrees bear testimony against him,. The
limitations on the right of the subject; the mock- .
ery of the pretended freedom of elections which
he has vouchsafed to the people; the rigid cen-
sorship of the press; the shackles upon the free- .-
dom of speech; all combine to prove that they
emanate from an autocrat, who, however men
may differ as to the wisdom of his statesmanship,,
undoubtedly governs France with a strong arm
and an iron rule. And so, sir, no unprejudiced
man can rise from a candid perusal of this code
without being thoroughly convinced that it
never emanated from a Legislature voluntarily ,
chosen by the people whom it professes tQ govern,
