1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
The PR ESIDENT pro tempore. "Will the Sen-
ate have the proviso read >
Mr. SEWARD. ]NTo, sir; it is not necessary,
I Suppose.
The I'RESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will bo dispensed wuh.
3Ur. SEWAUU. 1 agree with the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance that, prob-
ably, this subject is understood by the members
of the Senate. For myself, at all events, 1 have
had an opportunity heretofore to say all that is
necessary to justify the vote which I propose to
give on the present occasion. I content myself,
therefore, with simply asking for the yeas and
nays on the proposition of the honorable Senator
frum Virginia.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot vote, because, as the
Senate already know, I have paired off with the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
Mr. MASON. I do not doubt the statement
of my honorable colleague; but I think it would
be well and proper that we should have the clause
read which he proposes to strike out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will read the clause proposed to be stricken
out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided, however) and it is hereby declared, That no pari
of the military force of the United i?tate&, for the f-upport
of which appropriations are made by this act, ^hall hp om-
plou'd in aid ot the enforcement of any enactment of the
body claiming to be the Territorial Legislature ot Kan-as,
umiWuch enactment shall have been affirmed and approved
by Congress. And this proviso fchail not be so construed as
to pievent the President from employing an adequate mili-
tary fuice ; but it shall be Ins duty to employ such force to
prevent the invasion of taid Terntory by armed band* of
lion lendents, or any other body of non-residents actin^'or
clainnny to art a** a po^e comitatw of any officer m said
Ttrrnoi\ m the enforcement of any ?uch enactment, and
to protect the person^ and property therein, and upon the
national highways leading to the said Terutory, from all
unlawful searches and seizures; and it shall be his further
duty to take efficient mea-mes to compel the return of and
withhold all arm= of the United States,distributed in or to
Kiul Temtorv, in pursuance of any law* of the United
States authorizing the disttibuiiun of arms to the States and
Temtoiics.
The question bcina: taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion to strike out this clause, resulted—
yens 35, nays 7-, as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Adam*, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see. Benjamin, Bigi'-*, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead. Brown,
Burlci, Cas-5, Cia\, Dodge, Douglas, Evan*. Guj-er, llunter,
Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Tennes-ee, Mallory, Mason,
Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, lleid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey,
Welier, and Yulee— 3d.
XAY."?—Me^is. Duiker. Foot, Foster, Harlan, Trum-
bull. Wad-?, and WiNon—7.
So the motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as a mended,
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
\va? read a third time.
Mr. WADE. T ask for the 3'eas and nays on
the passage of the bill as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 7; as follows:
YT. \S—M( ssr-i. Adam*, Allen. Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see. Benianiin, I3ia<?s, Btmht. Brodhead, Brown, Butler, !
(\v*. ('lav, (.'uttehdoii, Uoilge, Doimias, Evans, Gcyer, j
Il-i'i-tnn. Hunter, Iver-on, Johnson, Jones ot'Tennessee, I
Mason, Peaice, Piatt, Ptigh, Rend, Sebastian, Sh- !
dell, ^tuirr, Tnn-njHoti of K°ntuckv, Thomson of New ]
Jei-ev. Toucev, Welier. and Vulce—3fi. !'
\ A YS — Me<s-rs. Durkee, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Trumbull, ji
W.ido, and Wilson—7. I;
So the bill was passed; and the Secretary was ||
du^cted fo request the concurrence of the House ;|
in the amendment. j,
EXECUTIVE SESSION. [
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro- |;
ooeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
it-opened.
NEW ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, th<'ir Cleik, announced that the
I Louse non-concurred in the amendment of the
S nare to the bill (II. II. No. 578) making appro-
priations fur flu* support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendment.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and noy«,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 35, nays 6; as follows;
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bavard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Evans,
Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jone<? of Tennessee,
Mallory, Mason, Pearee, Pratt, Push, Reid, Sebastian, Sli-
dcJI, Stuart, Toucey, Welier, \Vngiit, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Foot,Foster. Harlan, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—6. '
ERRONEOUS ENROLLMENT.
Mr. PUGH. I ask leave'to introduce a bill to
supply (in omission in the enrollment of a certain ,
act. It is to restore two items which were !
omitted in the enrollment of the civil appropria-
tion bill; one for completing the marine hospital
at Cincinnati, Ohio, $8G,000, and the other for
improving Battery and Washington streets, and
roadway 0. P. around the custom-house at San
Francisco, California, $13,401 30.
Mr. HUNTER. These provisions were in the
civil appropriation bill, and were omitted by the
enrolling clerk. This bill is to supply that omis-
sion. There is that difference between it and new
business; but I am afraid that if we entertain
jurisdiction of this matter we shall have other
business presented. 1 fear it may embarrass us. '
Mr. PUGH. I hope my friend from Virginia '
will not interpose any objection. I will not bring
forward any bill for new business. These items
were the fifth and sixth Senate amendments to
the civil appropriation bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance. They were adopted by the
Senate, and they were agreed to by the commit-
tee of conference. They were,however, omitted
in the enrolled act by some omission, or careless- j
ness, or oversight, of the enrolling clerk of the
House. My simple object is to supply an ac-
knowledged defect in the enrollment of that act.
1 would not bring in any bill for new legislation.
The Secretary of the Treasury has now proposals
out for the marine hospital at Cincinnati, and is
about preparing to make a contract.
Mr. HUNTER. If it can be agreed by gen-
eral consent that this bill shall not be made a pre-
cedent for introducing other business, I will with-
draw my objection.
Mr. WELLER. It cannot be a precedent, for
it is simply to correct an error.
Mr. FODT. Nobody, I think, will take this
as a precedent for the introduction of new bills.
It is proper that this bill should be passed, in
order to correct a manifest error on the part of the
enrolling clerks. But there was another error, I
will remark to the Senator from Ohio, for which
he has not made provision. It will be remem-
bered that an amendment was incorporated into
that bill, reducing the number of copies of Audu- (
bon's books to be subscribed for by the Depart- j
ment of State, from one hundred, as named in !
the bill sent from the House, to sixty; and reduc- j
mg the sum appropriated for the payment of that j
work in proportion. I
Mr. BAYARD. That was yielded in commit- j
tee of conference. • !
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Delaware j
is right. The House rejected our amendment, |
and the committee of conference yielded it. [
Mr. FOOT. Then this bill covers all the !
errors. j
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. J
Theie being no objection, leave was granted to .
intioduce the bill; and it was read three times,
and passed. j
EXECUTIVE SESSION. \
On motion of Mr. SEIDELL, the Senate again ,
proceeded to the consideration of executive bust- j
ness; and after some time spent therein the doors :
were reopened. j
PRINTING OS A REPORT. i
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the Committee .
on Printing bo discharged from the further con- I
sideration of the motion to print the majority and |
minority reports of the Committee on Territories ;
on the bill (H. R. No. 75) to reorganize the Ter-!
ritory of Kansas, and for other purposes, and ;
that the reports be printed. j
The motion was agreed to. ;
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYES. !
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 am requested to j
call up a resolution submitted bv the Senator trotn |
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton] ll* notable to be 1
in his seat to-day, as I am advised by a note. It
is a resolution proposing to give the same extra
compensation to the employes of the Senate that
has been given by the House of Representatives
to their employes.
Mr. MASON. I supposed it was the common
understanding and acquiescence of the whole Sen-
ate, that we should do nothing except that busi-
ness which was pending between the two Houses.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I was not aware
that the understanding on that subject precluded
the consideration of resolutions lying on the
table. This resolution was submitted on Satur-
day. Its consideration was then objected to, and
under the rule it had to lie over for a day. I do
not understand that the agreement of the Senate
precludes the consideration of this resolution of
my friend from Delaware, the merit of which is
that the House has made the usual allowance to .
its employes.
Mr. MASON. "We just now—I do not know
whether it passed under the Senator's observation
or not—passed a bill introduced by the Senator
from Ohio, to correct an error that had been com-
mitted in enrolling one of the appropriation bills;
and my colleague said he would have no objec-
tion to that if it was to be understood that was
an emergency necessary to be provided for, and
that it should not be taken as a precedent to allow
any new business. The Senate acquiesced in
that view, and I know many Senators have left
the Chamber under the impression that no busi-
ness would be taken up.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I would not violate,
any general understanding.
Mr. MASON. I understood it is as I have
stated.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did not under-
stand it as affecting any such measure as this. I
would not, for any interest I feel on this subject,
violate what I conceived to be a general under-
standing; but I thought we might with propriety
take up such a subject as this.
Mr. WELLER.. My understanding was that
the agreement only applied to bills.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the House had
not made this allowance to its employes, this
resolution would not have been presented. I re-
member the trouble we have had on that subject
heretofore. I think my friend from Virginia will
find that the understanding limiting the business
to the particular objects mentioned was not to in-
clude this resolution on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. That is a matter merely con-
cerning the Senate.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. Matters concern-
ing fhe Senate alone have generally been consid-
ered as business not legislative properly. This
resolution concerns only the relations between
the Senate and its own employes.
Air. WELLER. The Senator from Virginia
does not allude to the order made yesterday, but
to the declaration of his colleague [Mr. Hunter]
that he desired it understood we weie not going
into legislative business. 1 understand that, how-
ever, only applied to business requiring the action
of both branches.
Mr. MASON. T was not here yesterday,and
do not know what took place then; butl learned
from what passed just now, in the Senate, that
either on yesterday, or at some time, there was
an understanding among Senators that no new
business of any kind should be taken up for the
action of the Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Nothing of legis-
lative business except the supplies for the Army.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Slidell] says, 44 no business."
Mr. SEIDELL. So I understood the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and assent
was given by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot.] The chairman of the Committee on
Finance will be here presently.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think it did not
apply to business of every kind.
Mr. WELLER. That was not my under-
standing.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I doubt if the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] so understood
it. But I know no way to settle this matter ex-
cept by taking the sense of the Senate m regard
to ir. I have no particular feeling or interest about
the matter.
Mr. MASON. When the resolution was
