1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
tions now before the House, but in view, ^'may-
be, of a general modification of existing duties.
I hope the question will not be divided by a ref-
erence to various committees, but I trust that the
House will see the propriety of referring all ques-
tions connected with the revenue system to the
appropriate committee—that of Ways and Means.
If gentlemen are determined to disturb existing
laws upon the subject of the tariff, let us at least
begin by a legitimate reference.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have made the
motion to refer to the Committee of Ways and
Means, because I think it is the appropriate com-
mittee for these resolutions to go to. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has well
remarked, that that committee has already had
referred to it the message of the President and the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury in regard
to the tariff. The Committee of Ways and Means
are charged with the responsible duty of reporting
to the House appropriation bills providing meas-
ures for the expenditure of money; and it does
seem to me that it comes clearly within their le-
gitimate sphere of action, that they should con-
sider and report on the ways and means by which
the money can be raised. The subject has always
been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and it strikes me as rather an extraordi-
nary proposition to send it now, under such cir-
cumstances, to the Committee on Commerce. The
whole subject should be taken under their charge.
I trust, therefore, that the House will give to the
resolutions the direction which I suggest—not be-
cause that committee has notalready laborenough
to perform, but because this matter comes clearly
within the legal line of their duty. I move the
previous question.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL withdrew the call.
Mr. RITCHIE. When the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Ready] offered the memorial, I
rose in my place and objected to its introduction,
and I now merely wish to state the reason why
I did so. If I had supposed that he desired to
have it referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, I should have consented at once. My
objection to having it referred elsewhere is, that
this subject will be properly considered by the
one committee, and brought before this House as
part of the whole system; so that, when the sub-
ject comes up, we may have an opportunity to
discuss it here; and that the House may dccide
upon it. I object to its reference to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, in the first place, because that
is not the appropriate committee for such a sub-
ject—110 subject of that class having been hereto-
fore referred to it; and, in the second place, be-
cause I do not desire to have the subject introduced
here by itself, and discussed by itself, and per-
haps pressed through the House during the ab-
sence of some members—myself among the num-
ber—who would desire to be heard in opposition
to it. It is well known to every gentleman who
has had experience on this floor, that, if any one
desire to prevent certain legislation, he requires
to be constantly in attendance; otherwise it may
be sprung in the House during his absence, and
pressed through without opposition. I desire,
therefore, that the resolutions be referred to the
committee which has charge of all other subjects
kindred to this; so that the matter may come be-
fore the House with due notice to all the members,
and that we may be here, and have an opportunity
to discuss it. If, after that, a majority of the
House decide againstwhat I desire to sec the law,
I have nothing more to say on the subject. My
main desire now is, to have the matter referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, so that, after
examination of the subject on their part, and after
full notice to the House, we may have an oppor-
tunity to discuss it, and have a fair vote upon
it. I do not want to strangle this matter;but still
less do I desire to have it sprung upon the House
in the absence of the antagonists of the measure.
I renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolutions were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. READY. Inasmuch as the matter has
been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, I ask the unanimous consentofthe House
to have a bill on the same subject referred to the
same committee.
There being no objection, a bill to remit and
refund the duty on imported railroad iron was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
CLERK HIRE AND OFFICE RENT FOR PARIS
CONSULATE.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ol allowing to the
Consul at Parw, office rent and clerk hire, in addition to the
salary now allowed by law.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act to define the jurisdiction of the district
and circuit courts of the United States for the
district of East Tennessee; and
An act changing the time of holding the district
court of the United States at Wytheville, in the
western district of Virginia.
COTTON INTERESTS.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Senate of the State of
Mississippi in reference to the cotton interests
of the country; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CARUTHERS, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw trom the files
of the House the papers in the ease of Pierie Menard, for
the purpose of having them referred to the Court of Claims.
ARMORY AT ST. GENEVIEVE.
Mr. CARUTHERS, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
RaahuvZ, That the Committee on Militaiy Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the e.\pedienc> of establishing a
United States Armoiy at St. Genevieve, m the ^tate of Mis-
souri.
JANE IRWIN.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous noticc, introduced a
bill for the relief of the heirs of Jane Irwin;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. SNEED, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Tennessee, on the subject of repealing the duty
on railroad iron.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the resolutions be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LIZZIE R. SMITH.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, by unanimons consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to indemnify Mrs. Lizzie R. Smith for property
lost in the destruction of the steamer San Fran-
cisco ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
PILOTAGE.
On motion by Mr. EUSTIS, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill (No. 13) relating to pilotage,
was taken up from the Speaker's tabic, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
KANSAS ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of the fol- ,
lowing resolution, reported by the Committee of;
Elections: j
Revolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con- ;
tested-election case from the Territory of Kansas, he, and
are hereby, empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
Mr. PURVIANCE, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the House in favor of the res-
olution, which was further debated by Messrs.
TAYLOR and TODD. The speeches of these
gentlemen are, at their request, withheld for re-
vision, and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, then obtained
the floor.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, also rose.
Mr. WASHBURN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi wish to address the liouse this even-
ing?
Mr. BENNETT. No, sir. I shouldpreferto
have the floor in the morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman from
Maine will give way for that purpose, I will move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN. If* no one wishes to oc-
cupy the floor this evening, I will give way for
a motion to adjourn. I desire, however, first to
say, that I shall on to-morrow endeavor to bring
the House to a direct votq upon the resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Maine, if he is going to
speak in the morning and then call the previous
question, whether it would not be well to give
the floor to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Bennett,] and then he can reply ?
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly; I will yield
the floor to the gentleman, if he is ready to go on.
Mr. JONES, The gentleman can call the pre-
vious question; and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Hickman,] who reported the resolu-
tion, can occupy an hour after the previous
question has been called, and the main question
ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN. I say again that, if the
gentleman from Mississippi desires the floor, I
will yield it to him.
Mr. JONES. What I intended to suggest was,
that the gentleman should yield the floor to the
gentleman from Mississippi, to speak in the morn-
ing. The gentleman from Maine can then reply;
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be en-
titled to another hour after the main question has
been ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the gentleman from
Mississippi does not desire to speak at this time,
I will yield for a motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. GALLOWAY. It is yet an hour to the
usual time of adjournment; and as there are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire still to speak upon
this question, I think we had better have another
speech to-night.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] before ho
moves the previous question, to allow us to pro-
pose an amendment. It is not now in order on
account of a motion which has been made to re-
commit this proposition to'offerany amendment;
but what I wish to suggest is, that before the gen-
tleman moves the previous question he should
allow the gentleman who made the motion to re-
commit to withdraw that motion, and submit a
motion to amend, upon which we shall have an
opportunity to vote.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will take the gentle-
man's proposition into consideration.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to inquire
as to the condition of the question before the
House. I was out of my seat until this instant,
supposing that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Todd] was still upon the floor. If the de-
bate upon the subject is soon to be closed, I de-
sire to be heard upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Does the gentleman de-
sire to go on now ?
Mr. HARRIS. Now, as well as at any other
time.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
Speaker whether I am not entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not assigned
the floor to the gentleman from Mississippi. The
Chair undertood the gentleman to say that he did
not desire to speak to-night. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] then rose, and the
floor was assigned to him.
Mr. BENNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman going on if it is understood that I
shall be entitled to the floor in the morning.
Several Members. Oh, no !
Mr. HARRIS. Nothingcanbegained bypress-
ing a vote on the question. It is an important
one, and will exhaust itself before very long, at
all events. It strikes me that it would be as well
for the interest of members, as that of the country,
that the discussion of it should go on in the
House, where the point itself will be more rigidly
adhered to than in the committee, as there is a
large field of debate to be gone over.
Mr. WASHBURN. I yielded to the gentle-
