652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
man from Illinois with the understanding that he
was to go on to-night.
Mr. HARRIS. I barely alluded to the fact for
the benefit of the gentleman from Mississippi.
The question, whether the House will or will not
close discussion, will be determined when the
question arises.
Mr. H. then addressed some remarks to the
House, which he has withheld for revision, and
which will appear in the Appendix.
' Mr. WASHBURN obtained the floor.
- Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Maine
is not going to speak this evening, I should like
to occupy the floor for fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN. If by general consent
of the House I can maintain my right to the floor,
I have no objection to the gentleman speaking.
No objection was made.
Mr. LETCHER then addressed the House,
but his remarks have been withheld for revision,
and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURN obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BARBOUR, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I ask to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill relating to punishment in the
penitentiary, in order that it may be put on its
passage. It can be done in a little while.
Mr. RUFFIN. I protest against business being
done when wo have, far from a quorum present.
Either let the debate go on, or let us adjourn. I
object to the gentleman's proposition.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-live minutes before four o'clock) the
House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 14, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to the
House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the, Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in relation to priming
for the Navy Department, during the year ending
December 31, 1855, not executed under the pro-
visions of the act of August 26,1852; which, on
motion by Mr. Hunter, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Also, a communication from M. C. Meigs, the
engineer in charge of the Capitol extension and
other public works, representing the importance
of an appropriation for continuing the work on
the Washington aqueduct; which, on motion by
Mr. Weller, was refeired to the Committee
on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of the
professors of the Naval Academy, praying to be
allowed the same compensation as is paid to the
professors at the Military Academy at West
J?oint; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying for the adoption of measures for the con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific ocean; which
was referred to the select committee on the sub-
ject of the Pacific railroad.
Also, the memorial of Augustus McLaughlin,
late a master in the Navy, who was dropped m
consequence of the recommendation of the late
naval board, praying to be lewtored to his former
position in the service; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Mary-
land, urging ui>on Congress the payment of
money due by the United States to that State for
expenditures made by her during the war of 1812
for military purposes; which were read, and or-
dered to he on the table and be printed.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of the
professors of the Naval Academy at Annapolis,
praying to be allowed the same compensation
that is paid to the professors at the Mihtarv
Academy at West Point; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition from
merchants and importers residing at Philadelphia,
praying for a reduction of the duties on undyed
and unfinished woolen goods; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of mer-
chants and importers residing in New York city,
praying for a reduction of the duties on undyed
and unfinished woolen goods; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of mer-
chants^ and importers of Boston, praying for a
reduction of the duties on undyed and unfinished
woolen goods; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BIGrLER presented a petition of merchants
and importers of Pittsburg, praying for a reduc-
tion of the duties on undyed and unfinished
woolen goods; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. RUSK. I have been requested to present
the memorial of Richard H. Weightman, asking
for compensation for services rendered to New
Mexico. Mr. Weightman was sent here at the
time, when representatives were sent under the
State constitution formed by New Mexico, as a
Senator. The other agents of New Mexico, who
were sent under similar circumstances, have long
since been paid their per diem and mileage, but
Mr. Weightman has never yet been paid. He
was an attendant on Congress for two sessions;
and a bill providing for the payment of this claim
has passed the Senate, I think, two or three
times. I ask the reference of his memorial to the
Committee on Territories, and I invoke their
early attention to the subject.
It was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the papers of the heirs of i)i. Samuel Y.
Keenc be withdrawn l' om the files of the Senate, and
rcfericd to tiiu (Jouit of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Josiali S.
Little, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. G-EYEll, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill to change
the terms of the United States court for Wiscon-
sin, and to compensate the judge, reported it back
without amendment.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oflioo and
Post Roads bo instructed to inquire into the expediency
of e>tabhshm«z a poft route liom Linden to Jone^, in Texas
township, wi'st of l,an«villo, in £t. Francis county, Aifcan-
.sas, and lepoit by bill oi otherwise.
FALLS OP THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. PUGII submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
j HcsolrctI, TJi.it a committee of* five h<* appointed by the
! Piesident }no tempvtc to consider the bo>i method of mi-
' piovmg or <>bvi,iriij<i the o!>-.tiucnons to mutation at the
; tail-! oi the Ohio urn ; and that Mud committee be author-
ized to lepnjt by bill or otherwise.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to remit and refund cer-
tain duties on railroad iron.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Richard Albntton; which was read the
| first and second times byunanimous consent, and
; i referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
:] BILLS BECOME LAWS.
•) A message was received from the President of
li the United States, by Mr. Smxr.r Webster, his
ij Secretary, announcing that he had signed the fol-
ij lowing bills of the Senate:
j; A resolution providing for the final adjustment
! of certain cases of appeal from decisions made by
'< the Auditoi of the Treasury for the Post Office
, Department.
'| A bill to admit to register or enrollment the
i! schooner Zadock Pratt.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask leave
to make a report on the resolution referred to the
Committee on Printing on Wednesday last, to
print sixty-two thousand copies of the majority
and minority reports of the Committee on Terri-
tories in relation to Kansas affairs. The cost
of printing sixty-two thousand extra copies, as
proposed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,]
will be $2,213. The Committee on Printing have
authorized me to report in favor of printing thirty-
one thousand instead of sixty-two thousand; just
half the number. Sixty-two thousand would
give one thousand copies to each Senator; but
we have thought that five hundred would be suf-
ficient. It-is for the Senate to judge, however.
We report in favor of printing thirty-one thou-
sand of those two reports from the Committee on
Territories, the cost of which will bo $1,106.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the report of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL proceeded to discuss the
topics which are embraced in the report of the
majority of the Committee on Territories on
Kansas affairs, which was presented to the Senate
on Wednesday last. He spoke until five minutes
after one o'clock, when
Mr. WELLER rose and said: Mr. President,
as it is now after one o'clock, I desire to call for
the special order of the day, though I dislike to
interfere with the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
certainly has the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the rule is, that
when the morning hour has expired,and the hour
for the special order has arrived, the Senator is
speaking m violation of the rule of the Senate,
and it is perfectly competent for any Senator to
arrest the progress of the debate. The chairman
who made the report from the Committee on
Territories [Mr. Douglas] gave notice that he
would present a bill on Monday next. That, in
my judgment, will be the proper time for this dis-
cussion; and, therefore, I am constrained to ask
now for the order of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
know that there is any order of the day that should
take precedence of the question now before the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state, that
when the Senate at a previous sitting has made a
special order, and a Senator at the proper hour
calls for that special order, it is the duty of the
Chair to present the question to the Senate,
whether they will suspend the present order of
business for the purpose of proceeding to the
special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Chair be kind
enough to inform me what is the special order for
to-day?
The PRESIDENT. The special order is the
bill (S. No. 124) to increase the efficiency of the
United States Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill was reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, and
lias been continued over as part of the unfinished
business; it was not made the special order for
any particular day. The question which I am dis-
cussing has been reported from another commit-
tee of the Senate; and I am not aware of any
reason why the report of the committee of which
the Senator from California is chairman should
have precedence over this. I do not wish, how-
ever, to place myself in the way of the business
of the Senate, nor to obtrude myself objectionably
upon the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
California call for the special order?
Mr. WELLER. 1 do.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair will sub-
mit the question to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. Committee reports are usually
made during the morning hour. This discussion
has sprung up during the business of the morn-
ing hour, on a report from the Committee on
Printing. The three million bill was yesterday
postponed until to-day at one o'clock, and made
the special order for that time. I now ask that
it may be taken up.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word? The Senator from Illinois is de-
livering his first speech in the Senate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 beg to interrupt the
