642
TQ CQi\G^:s^N4L
"June 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Laws of Kansas—Mr. Colfax.
Ho. of Heps.
but that it was dictated and enacted by usurpers
and tyrants, whose leading object was to crush
out some sentiment predominant amongst that
. people, but distasteful and offensive to these
usurping legislators I know this is a strong
assertion; but, in the hour of your time which I
shall occupy, I shall prove this assertion from the
intrinsic evidence of the code itself.
Before I proceed to make an analysis of these
laws, which I hold were never legally enacted,
were never fit to be made, nor fit to be obeyed
by a free people, let me say a few words in regard,
to the manner in which they have been adminis-
tered and enforced. We harve heard of'murder
after murder in Kansas—murders of men for the
singular crime of preferring freedom to slavery;
but you have not neard of one single attempt by
any court in that Territory to indict any one of
those murderers. The bodies of Jones, of Dow,
of Barber, and others, murdered in cold blood, j
are moMering away and joining the silent dust; j
■While one of the murderers this very day holds a
territorial office in Kansas, and' another of them
holds an office of influence and rank under the
authority of the General (Government, while
neither the territorial, nor the General Govern- '
ment inquire into the crimes they have committed,
or the justification for their brothers' blood that
stains their hands.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to asjc the gentleman
one question.
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS, liie gentleman from Indiana,
as I; understood him, asserted" that he has not
heard of any attempt made to indict those persons
in Kansas, members of the pro-slavery party,
who are charged -with the murders he alludes to.
Iask the gentleman whether the Abolition, orfree-
State party in Kansas, do hot repudiate the laws
of the Territory of Kansas, and refuse to obey'
the precepts' issued by the court ? Arret hence,
When A summons is issued to summon a witness
"Who is cognizant of the Commission of an offense ,"
those 'Tery witnesses, who S.re in opjffesiticyn'to'
those laws, refuse to go before the jury and testify
as t<5 those offenses of which' they are cognizant.
'Mr. COLFAX. I will answer1 the''gentleman
from Missouri, although, ad he comes from a
State bordering upon Kansas, and ia supposedto
be acquainted with the state of affairs tnerte, he
should know the facts as well aS myself. Thei
free-State people of Kansas recognize all the.
United States c&Urts in that Territory, and they
render full allegiance to the tJnited States author-
ities. But when the chief justice, sitting upon
the bench in Kansas, as the supreme judicial of-
ficer of the Territory, has made his charge at each
session to the grana jury of his court, he has not,
so far as I have ever heard, alluded in any charge,
or'called the attention of the grand1 jury in any.
manner, to the murdering of men in cold blood3
in thM Territory, and to the fact that their mur-'
dtrers are all -at large, horioredwith the coM-
deHc^, instead'of beii^g brandedWith the Condem-
nation, of it&atrthoritibs.  
Mi1. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman whether
there are ally eourtsirt the Territory' bf Kansas
which havfe'j&risdiictiofl of the crime nf rriurder,
except thotee courts held by judges appointed by
the Presided of the United States, by arid with
the advice ofthe' Senate ? And if the Abolitionists'
in Kansas will' not 6be'y the procese'bf the courts,"
and give evidence before the grand juries, so that
offenders ofthelaWsttiay be punished, f adk."
whose ftwllt is it ? ' .r   
Mr.' COLFAX. Certainly, there are other
courts. This' Legislature inKansashave organ-
ized probate cottfw, Vith probate judges. But I
am speakiiig of the XPnited States courts, whose
authority is recognized by the Me-State -people
of Kansas, and whose writs and officers' aire both
obeyed by them. • , 1 -
Mr. PHELPS. I ask if there are any courts
which have jurisdiction of crirtiirtal offenSes—of
murders, arsons, and robberies—in ehbrtf, of
felonies of all kinds,' except the eoutts held "by1
judges appointed by the President? Such, !'
assert, is the fkct. • -?i .
Mr. COLFAX. And I do not deny it, fern
ask in reply why, in these United States courts';'
which all patties recognize as Pffeg&l authority,'
no attempt is ai&deto inVetfligMe th^e'erinies?',
But 1 would rather assent to everything the gen-
! tleman desires, than lose any of my time,
j I wish first, Mr. Chairman, to speak of the
1 manner in which the chief justice, sitting as the
supreme judicial officer of the Territory of Kan-
sas, has performed the functions of his office. I
have no imputation to make upon him as a man.
j of moral character or of judicial ability. I know
nothing in regard, to either. I do not say he has
willfully and .corruptly violated his official oath;,
for I can say thql. authoritatively in only one way ,
and,tha.t is by voting for his impeachment. I
shall not comment, sir, on the extraordinary
manner in which he has enforced the Kansas code,
with Draconian severity, against all, who advo-
cated freedom for Kansas, but with a serene
leniency towards all who did not; pushing its
severest provisions to the extremest point in the
one case, and forgetting, apparently, that it con-
tains any penalties whatever in the other. But I
: desire to draw the attention of the House to the
fact, proven by the code itself, that this " Legis-
lature" "have used every exertion within their
I power to make that jud^e the interested champion
| and advocate of the validity of their enactments.
1 Pecuniary interest, sir, is a powerful, argument
with mankind generally, ^e alt see. anu we all-
recognize this fact as a truism which no logician
denies. The Administration that gives a man an
extensive or a profitable contract may reasonably
expect to find in him a supporter. The Legisla-
ture that confers on a man a valuable charter
would have a right to feel surprised if he did not
decide in favor of the legality and the, constitu-
tionality of their enactments, as well a^s, use all of
his influence in their favor, if their authority to
act as grantors was disputed, and if his charter
fell to the ground As worthless, in case their right
to grant it was overthrown. It is true, some men
are so pure as not to be affected by such things;
but in the generality of cases, the human mind
cannot fail to be thus influenced, even if it is not
absolutely controlled.
Now, if you will turn to the concluding por-
tion of this " code of laws," you will find one
hundred and forty pages of it, over one sixth Of
the whole, devoted to corporations, shingled in
profusion over the whole Territory, granting char-
ters for railroads, insurance companies, toll
bridges, ferries, universities, mining companies,
plank roads, and, in fact, all kinds of charters that
are of value to their recipients, and more, indeed,
than will be needed there for many years. No
less than four or five hundred persons (not count-
ing one hundred territorial roacj. commissioners)
have been thus incoiporated, and have been made
the recipients of the bounty of that legislation of
Kansas, makinga great portion, if not all of them,
interested advocates to sustain' the legality Of
those laws now in dispute before" the .American
people. I need scarcely add that the name of
nearly every citizen of Kansas who has been
conspicuous <iifc the recent bloody setose in that
Territory on. the side of slavery, can lie found:
among the. favored grantees; and: all of them,
know that, if. that Legislature, is proyed to be
illegal and fraudulent, their grants become value-
less.
In quoting from, this code pf the laws of the
Legislature of Kansas, I desire to state that, I
quote from Executive document No. 23, sub-
mitted to this House by the: President of the
United States, and printed by the piuKUc. printer
of Congress. It is entitled MLaws of the 'ter-
ritory of Kansas," and forms a volume of eight
hundred apd twenty-three pages. I notice that
many members have a copy of this code, before
them now> and as. many people, as they discus^
these'enactments[around the hearthstone at home,
cannot believe that they are authentic, I. willr
take pains to qqote the section aAd^age of every.
laWT'aIItide*'to^ and^ill say to gentlemen upon
the olhfer ^ide, that if they in# me quoting in-'.
correctYy in'a! single instance,'or in' the' minutest
particular, essential or rion-essentia},'! call upon'
thlm to fcorr'ect'meron ih'e/spot, \wish toiayr
thfe exact 'tnlth,' no mobe, rib less, fr^rii'tjujB. of5:(
cial tecard itself," authenticated^ &B it is 'by tl^e
President of thd'. United^ States" himsfel/f befpre1
CoAgtiessiriid the Amepc&npeople. '
You wSli- 'ffhd in this coafe of" laws .that Mr,
four acts of incorporation, and cannot fail, there-
fore, to believe in the legality of their enactment.
Mr. L. N. Reese figures in three more; Mr. L.
J. Eastin in three; Stringfellow in three, of course;
and R. R. Reese in five—all of them earnest de-
fenders of the code and its provisions, as might
be expected. But I desire more particularly to
show you the incorporations in which the Terri-
tory of Kansas have given an interest to the chief
justice <jf the Terntory, Judge Lecompte, sitting
though l)e does, upon the judicial bench, to decide.
upon the validity of these territorial laws. You
will find him, on' page 788, incorporated as one
of the regents of the Kansas University; but I
pass by that as of very little moment. At page
760 you will find a charter for the Central Rail-
road Company, with a capital of $1,000,000, in
which S. A. Lecornpte is one of the corporators.
The chiefjustice'sname is S. D. Lecompte; and
as I cannot hear of any other person of the name
of Lecompte in the Territory, I have no doubt
that this is a misprint in the middle initial, and
that his name was intended. But I. will give him
the benefit ofthe doubt, and pass over this charter.
On page 769 you find another charter, in which
Chief Justices, p. Lecompte figures as a corpo-
rator. It is the charter of the I^eavenworth,
Pawnee, and "Western Railroad, which, in the
opinion of many, is destined to be a link in the
great Pacific railroad, or at least an important
j section in one of its branches. It is chartered
with a capital of $5,000,000, and five years' time
is given for the grantees to commence the work.
This charter, valuable as it must become as the
Territory advances in population and wealth, is
Eresented as a. free gift, to Judge Lecompte and
is associates by the mock Legislature of Kansas.
Of course, in all these charters the directors are
to open books for the subscription of stock, keep-
ing them open "as long as they may deem
proper," no barrier existing against their sub-
scribing the whole stock themselves, the moment
that the books are opened, if they choose so to
do. But I desire to draw attention particularly to
another grapt, to be found on page 774, in which
this,same impartial judge, S. D. Lecompte, with
nine other persons, are incorporated as the Leav-
enworth and Lecompton railroad; and I ask you
to notice, ^nd, explain, if y.pu can, the, difference
which exists between thpt and other incorpora-
tions.
In the first place, the other railroad charters are
granted to certain persons in continuous succes-
sion. In this charter, with a capital of $3,000,000,
for a railroad from, Leaven'worth to his. favorite
city Of Lecompton, (Which was made the capital,
of the Territory by tliis same Legislature,) with
an indefinite and, unrestrained, power to build,,
branch railroads from the capitajin any and every
direction, Judge Lecompte' and his, associates,
including Wood^op, the Secretary of the Terri-
tory, are gran{e&jprpetual succession. In section
thougl
impoi-taij:ceA for
& Co.:,'
which,
■e., is mpmentousin its
ft of Judge Lecompte
. -en, and twenty of article first,
u..u somttcU Or section eleven, article second, as relates to
stock owned, of an act cdheerniW* corporations, shall not
apply to thiaactj"-  
Ijithe examination which I gave to these laws,
it struck me that this exception of this charter,
forth© benefit of Lecompton and Lecompte, from
the provisions of-the general law relative to corpo-
rations, waasingular, to say the least; and I turned
baek to the general la,w to see the character of the
provisions thus suspended, so far as this act was
concerned! and the proof that it furnishes of the
intention, on the part Of the Legislature, to make
Judge Lecompte interested in tneir behalf, is so
strong, that I will refer yoii to these sections as
circumstantial evidence of no ordinary charac-
ter.
Section seven- of the general corporation law
(see page 164) provides as follows:
" The charter ofevery corporation that shaU hereafter be
granted by law, shall be subject to alteretioti, suspentfan, or
repealz by iuiyfiucceBdiiig• PttvfAt&i Such alter-
ation, su8pensiQn. or repeal, shall, in nowise conflict witb.
any- rlgtrt vested m stich coipofation by its charter."
S«t in Lepornpte's charter the power even to
amend if'is. byythp suspension of. the above sec-
tion, withheld from " any, I^egislfv-
