1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
My attention was invited to the examination
of this question by a friend, himself an officer of
the Army, whose intellectual qualities are hardly
surpassed by the brilliancy of his exploits in the
field, and to whom I am largely indebted for the
views, illustrations, and references which I have
presented.
Mr. President, the Army and the Navy of the
country have become a great national power.
Their influence for good or evil must go on ad-
vancing and increasing as the country expands—
when its armies shall stand around all its borders,
and when its navies shall ride upon the waves of
every sea. Who can assure us of the continued
liberties of this people against the power of a sin-
gle will, when it may say to Congress and the
country, " The Army and the Navy are mine?"
What guarantee have we that virtue and patriot-
ism are always to sit in the chief place of execu-
tive power? and what answer shall be made to
the demand of that bad and ambitious man who
may sit in the place of Washington, and who, in
time of political frenzy and party rage, may say,
in the face of the American Congress—of the Amer-
ican people—" By your concession the sword is
mine—at my will it shall be drawn—at my pleas-
ure it shall be sheathed!"
On motion of Mr. FISH, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 9, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
• by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
The Journal of Saturday was read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to a correction of the Journal. I move to
strike out that portion of it in reference to a
notice given of an intended introduction of a bill.
There was no quorum present on Saturday; and
it was, therefore, not competent for the House
then to do business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does not
appear on the Journal that there was no quorum
present on Saturday.
Mr. JONES. The Speaker knows there was
no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The portion of the Journal
which the gentlenjan moves to strike out is as
follows:
" Mr. Edwards gave notice, under the rule, of his in-
tention to move for leave to introduce a bill to change the
fecat of Government of the United States? ironi the District
of Columbia to some point within five miles of the city of
Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio."
Mr. BILLING-HURST. Can less than a quo-
rum make a correction of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It cannot; but it does not
appear to the Ckair that there is no quorum pres-
ent at this time.
Mr. EDIE. I call for a division of the House
for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not
there is really a quorum present.
Mr. STEPHENS. The propriety of correct-
ing the Journal depends, I think, on the fact
whether there was or not a quorum present at
- the time. I do not know that the Journal shows
there was no quorum present on Saturday last. If
there was no quorum present, of course the notice
could not be properly given; and the Journal
ought, therefore, to be corrected.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask for the reading
of the rule of the House, under which notices of
bills are given, to ascertain whether it is necessary
to have a quorum present when those notices are
given.
The SPEAKER. The rule is as follows:
"114. Eveiy bill shall be introduced on the report of a com-
mittee, or by motion for leave. In the lattei ease, at lea&t
one da} 's notice shall be given of the inouon in the
House, or by filing a im-moiandum thereof with the Clerk,
and having it entered on the Journal; and the motion shall
tie made, and the bill introduced, if leave is given, when
resolutions arc called for : such motion, or the bill when
introduced, may be committed."
Mr. COBB. Under the rule, then, it is not even
necessary that the notice should be given during
the session of the House. The notice is to be
handed to the Clerk.
Mr. STEPHENS. In the House?
Mr. COBB. Either in the House, or by hand-
ing it to the Clerk. If I understand the rule cor-
rectly from the Clerk's reading of it, it is in an
alternative form. The noticc is to be given in the
House, or handed to the Clerk. Really, it would
seem to permit the presentation of notices, even
when the House was not in session.
Mr. JONES. Can anything be entered on the
Journal except that which is done in the House?
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly not.
Mr. JONES. The rule provides that the mem-
orandum shall be handed to the Clerk, in order
that the notice may be spread on the Journal; but
nothing can be put there unless it is done in the
House. The Journal cannot be made up from
what is done in the Clerk's office, but from what
is done here.
The SPEAKER. No vote was taken at the
last session of the House, and there is nothing to
show there was no quorum present at that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Maine. Then the
gentleman has no ground for his motion.
Mr. JONES. I submit, when the motion to
adjourn over was made, that I inquired whether
a quorum was present, and that the Chair re-
plied it was manifest there was no quorum pres-
ent— that there were not more than twenty or
thirty members in the House. On that state-
ment the gentleman who made the motion to
adjourn over withdrew it.
On a division of the House there were fifteen
ayes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Maine. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cumback and
Walker were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes S3, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Mr. CARLILE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again put; and there were—
yeas 41, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, AUon, Barclay, Ilcmlloy S. Ticn-
nett, iioycc, Ilraneh, Cadvvalader, John P. Campbell,
Carhlc, Caruthers, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.Cobb,
Connns, Cox, Crawford, Henry Winter Davis, Bdmundson,
Etheiidge, Bustis Foster,Thomas J. 1). Fuller,Thomas L.
Harris, Haven, Hoffman,George W. Jones, Kennett, Lake,
Humphrey Marshall, Nichols, Puryear, Uuiimuu, Reade,
Ready, Kust, Sanduige, Stephens, Tuppe, Vail, Waikins,
Window, and Zollicofier—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, BiHinghurst, Bingham, Brooks,
Broom, Bufiinton, Burlingame, Caakie, Colfax, Cragin,
Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edic,
Edwards, Emrie, lianison, Hollo way, Knapp, Knight,
Knox, Leiter, McQueen, Meacham, MilJson, Miilwaid,
Moore, Norton, Pennington, Porter, Ritchie, Robm*, Itob-
ison, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Thormgton,Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wad**, Walbndge, Cadvvalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washbuiue, Israel Washburn,
Whitney, and Woodworth—51.
"No quorum voted.
Pending the above call,
Mr. MAXWELL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Albright.
Mr. TALBOTT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Murray until the 20th of June.
Mr. WALKER (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, I have paired off with Mr.
Davis, of Massachusetts, on all questions of a
political character; and, as this may be regarded
as such by some, I decline to vote.
Mr. LAKE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wright, of Mississippi, had paired off with
Mr. Pike on all questions of a political character.
Mr. BRENTON stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was callcd, he
would have voted in the negative.
Mr. RUST stated that his colleague, Mr.
Greenwood, had paired off until the 21stof June,
with Mr. Gilbert.
Mr. KEITT said: I have paired off with Mr.
Pringle on all political questions, until Friday
next. My friend from Alabama says that this
may be regarded as such. I so regard it, and
shall decline to vote. If the bill contemplates two
scats of government, I will vote for it when it
comes up for action.
Mr. HAVEN. There is no quorum present.
If the gentlemen who have stated that they have
paired off voted, would there then be a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. Ninety-two gentlemen have
voted. According to the count made by the Chair,
there are not more than one hundred members
present.
Mr. BOYCE. We cannot do anything to-day,
and I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HAYEN. At some proper time I think
the House ought to take notice of the general
pairing off now prevalent among members.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to remark,
that in all probability there would have been £
quorum here this morning, butfor'the failure of
the train to arrive as soon as was expected. It
has arrived now; but I judge there will not be a
quorum here to-day, as those who arrived in that
train cannot get here this morning, after the long;
trip from Cincinnati; therefore I think it proper
that the House should adjourn.
Mr. MILLSOJNT. Immediately after the organi-
zation of the House, I think the same day, or
the day afterwards, I introduced a bill, which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for setting aside altogether the proceedings of the
late naval board. I regarded it as a bill of so
much importance, and knowing that the matter
was looked upon with so much interest by the
country, that I lost no time in giving the notice
and introducing the bill. No report has yet been
made by the committee upon that bill; and I wish
now to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, if he is present, or if not, of
other members of that committee, if any order
has been taken in committee upon that bill, and
when it is likely that a report will be made to
the House?
The SPEAKER. _ That inquiry can be enter-
tained only by unanimous consent, inasmuch aa
it appears, by the call of the roll just had, that
there is no quorum present.
Mr. BOYCE. I renew my motion that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at twelve o'clockatld thirty minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 10, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Hfvp.y C. Dean.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore [Mr. Stuart]
took the chair.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
PRESIDENCY OF THE SENATE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Pres-
ident, from the reading of the Journal I perceive
that the election of a presiding officer yesterday
is said to have been an election without limitation
as to time, and without requiring the chair to be
vacated on Mr. Height's return. I did not so
understand the motion to be put,and did notvote
for it in that way. I make this suggestion, not
because I have any objection to yourself as tho
Presiding Officer, but I am under the impression
that the election, as entered on the Journal, is
without limitation, and supersedes Mr. Bright.
If it was not so understood, the Journal ought to
bo corrected, or the motion entered in such away
as to obviate the difficulty. I eubmit the matter
for the consideration of the Senate. Will the
Secretary please to read the entry?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Rhtler, and by unanimous consent,
" Resolved, That tlic Honoiable Charles E, Stuart be
elcctctl Pie^idpiit pro tempore.
" Whereupon Mr. Stuart took the chair.''
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I do not
desire to discuss the question. I have my im-
pression about the effect of the election, but I
made the suggestion simply to prevent the matter
being passed by unobserved.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I made the
motion yesterday with a deliberate purpose and
with an intelligence arising from previous dis-
cussion. There cannot be two Presidents pro
tempore. A Vice President may exist, I suppose,
as we have all contended, and could supersede,
whenever he made his appearance, any President
pro tempore; but there can be but one President
pro tempore of the Senate, in the contemplation of
the Constitution. If you undertake to have two,
and the President of the United States should die
to-morrow, and it were necessary to take the in-
itiative of proceedings for tlfe election of another
President of the United States, it would lead to
mischievous confusion. I proclaim to you now,
sir, that, in the intendment of the resolution
which I offered, yjDu are President pro tempore
under the Constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 think wo had a full discus-
sion of this subject two years ago, when the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright]
was elected President pro tempore. My impres-
sion is, that it was then generally understood,
