1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
circumstances which render it exceedingly objec-
tionable ami dangerous as a precedent, and there-
fot" 1 tho'iicht the Senate justified heretofore in
stnmlin'j: nut pertinaciously against it, and even
now hi doing: so to a certain extent, it is, how-
ever, a ni.uti r of amazement to me, that thp
idea should be generally entertained that there
can bf no yielding in any respect, or in any point
of view, in order to harmonize the conflicting
sentiments of the two brandies of Congress. I
see and appreciate the circumstances under which
this disagreement lias happened. What I mean
to say is, that at last this difficulty is founded on
a technical and abstract idea. The only substance
m it is, that there seems to be an attempt on the I
part of an accidental majority in the House of I
Representatives to force the Senate to an agree-
ment. I use the term " accidental majority" in
no sense of disrespect to the House. It may be
a p<"-'r)anent majority; but I desire to pursue such
a course that it shall never be a permanent ma-
jority, proceeding on the principles that many of
"us members do. I would not acknowledge, in
ordmai y eases, I lie power of interposinganything,
whether matter of substance, or shadow, if you
pleaee, which could giow into a dangerous pre-
cedent, and sanction the practice by one branch
of the legislature of forcing the other to a con-
cunenee, contrary to their sense of the public
good. I know that-this is the view of other gen-
tlemen who have stood out in opposition to this
pioviso. It may not be the opinion of many
gentlemen to whom I would greatly defer on a
question of this kind; but, ill a matter of such
Hedt consequence, is it proper, I ask, for the
fcSeiiaieof (he United States to be controlled, under
all circumstances, and to be governed by passion
aed impulse, and let the bill fall without another
effort to pass it?
These, sir, are mv sentiments. The motion
of the Senator from Virginia is to adhere. I
desire that we shall insist, and ask for a confer-
ence. I ask the Chair whether a motion to insist
on our amendment will not take precedence of
the motion to adhere ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
have already voted to insist.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Oil this bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. DELL, or"Tennessee. At this session?
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir, this
rnonuns.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. Wecan insist half
a dozen tunes according to parliamentary usage.
The question winch lacked was whether the mo-
tion to insist did not take precedence of the mo-
tion to adhere 5
ill' HUNTER. I think the rule is, that which-
ever motion i  made first, whether to adhere or
insist, takes precedence of the other.
The PRESIDENT pro It uipore. The motion
to insist takes precedence of the motion to ad-
here.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I thought so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But the Sen-
ate have already decided to insist on then-amend-
ment to this bill.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. But we can insist
ai-ain and again, if we choose. My question is
wli, titer a motion to insist does not take prece-
dence of a motion to adhere. It ought to do so,
in common sense and reason; and I infer that it
is so, because these long-established rules of
parliamentary practice are founded on common ^
sense and reason. 1 now make the motion that ;
we insist on our amendment, and ask for a eon- :
feren<-e nn the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, j
I could wish to "avoid noticing at all that the
House of Representatives has taken a different
course. This is a great question. Great results
for e-ood or for evil to our country, may depend
on o'ir decision. 1 have beard the sentiment
avowed here, that the Senate ought to adhere, let
the Lull fall, and adjourn at once. That, 1 am
sorrv to say, is the sentiment avowed by the
Senator from Virginia. Although 1 knew bis
extreme opinions on many questions, I was not
prepared to hear such a sentiment from him. So
far as I am concerned, now that we have been
called together specially, m extra session, bv the
President of the United States, by a message
setting forth, in clear and proper and patriotic
terms, the grounds oil which he has done so, I
will stay here to the 4th of March next, before I
will agree to go home "leaving this question un-
settled.
Sir, let me be understood. I do not dispute the
right of the House of Representatives, under all
circumstances, to withhold appropriations for
the support of the Army. If I believed that the
President or his backers had treasonable designs
against the liberties of this country or the Union,
I would exercise the power — and I think it is
according to the spirit of the Constitution — to
withhold the appropriations for the support of the
powers that be, in such a case. This is a great
right — a great privilege, and the day may come
when its exercise will be indispensable to the
preservation of our" liberties. More, sir; not-
withstanding the Senate is the body to judge of
impeachments, I would, as a member of the Sen-
ate, vote against all appropriations to be expended
by a President who, 1 thought, had treasonable
designs against the Constitution or liberties of
this-country. That, however, is not the case
now—far, very far from it. This power of the
House certainly ought never to be exercised, ex-
cept tn the most extreme cases.
Mr. President, under all these circumstances,
I conjure this body to proceed—how shall 1 say?
in what manner shall they proceed ? As becomes
the Senate of the United States, unimpassioned,
coolly looking to all'the consequences, looking to
the possible results not merely immediately to the
peace of the country, but to the permanence-of
the Union itself. I conjure them to proceed in
accordance with this idea; and if tlie Sona,te be
just to itself, it will be just to the country and to
the interests of all mankind, so far as they are
connected with the destinies of this Republic.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if the Sena-
tor from Tennessee supposes that I made this
motion under the impulse of passion, he is very
much mistaken. If I believed that, by insisting
and asking for a conference, we couid induce the
House, of Representatives to agree to pass a bill
appropriating money for the Army in the usual
and ordinary form, I would do it at once. It is
only becouse 1 am convinced, from the past action
of the House, not only at this session, but at the
session which has preceded it, that it has mode
up its mind, that I am disposed to terminate the
matter, and at least Lo prevent the spectacle of a
continuation of the strife by a prolonged and idle
debate. If I had the lcastassurnncc,if 1 bad suf-
ficient reason to believe, that the House could be
induced, by any proposition of conference on our
part, to pass a " clean" bill—a bill which did not
contain legislation contrary to our judgment and
opinions—1 should be more than willing to ask
for a committee of conference, and to go into
council with them; but I am not permitted to
believe that they will agree—I am not permitted
to believe it either from their past action or from
such consultation as I have been able to have with
friends whom I at least suppose and think to be
well acquainted with the temper of that House.
If it comes to this, then, that we cannot obtain
a bill appropriating money for the Army, except
upon conditions which, in my opinion, abrogate
and destroy the constitutional rights of the Senate
as an equal and coordinate branch of the Legis-
lature of this Government, I must say that, in
such a contingency as that, in such alternatives
as these, I prefer that the Army should be dis-
banded, rather than that the Senate should be
destroyed. If I have to choose between the Con-
stitution of the country, between the continuance
of those legislative powers which the Constitution
has vested in tlie Senate, and the appropriation
bills, 1 will say perish the appropriation bills, if
that be the only condition upon which I can save
the Constitution which 1 have sworn to support
and preserve.
Now, sir, when the House of Representatives
repeatedly insist on forcing upon us legislation
which is contrary to the dictates of our judgment
and our well-settled opinions through the me-
dium of an appropriation bill;_ when they say we
must either submit to legislation of which we do
not approve, or they will stop the wheels of Gov-
ernment—are we not abdicating the nghts which
the Constitution reposes in us if we yield to such
demands as these > And I ask if the constant
repetition of these efforts does not raise a ques-
tion far higher ill importance than that which at-
taches to any considerations connected with the
mere Kansas question, or that of disbanding the
Army itself? It raises a question as to the power
of this body, as to its constitutional rights, as an
equal and coordinate branch of this Legislature.
If we agree to this, then indeed has become what
I understood the Senator from New York [Mr.*
Sewaiid] to characterize it — a mere advisory
council of the Executive. Then, indeed sir, do
we get rid of that equal power of the Stales in
one o^the branches of our Legislature to which
the .-Vnator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] so much ob-
jected, because we destroy the independent legis-
lative power of this branch of the Government
entirely; and we cnjfrle. the other House of Con-
gress to absorb and to monopolize all the powers
of legislation by those means which I think were
indicated in that debate as adequate to thatend—
I mean through the appropriation bills, which it
was said the House of Representatives had the
exclusive right of originating, which right of
originatiJfc, as was Said by theSenator from Ohio,
[Mr. AVaoe.,] comprised the right of dictating the
terms and conditions on which appropriations
should be made.
If I had time to enter into the examination of
this question, I could show that it is not true that
the House of Representatives has the exclusive
right of originating appropriation bills. It is not-
true according to the Constitution; it is not true
according to the opinions of the best jurists; it
is not true according to the practice and usages
recognized by both branches, for we constantly
originate bills appropriating money, and even
bills which have been denominated general appro-
priation bills—such as harbor bills, which have
been originated by the Senator from New York
himself. But even if these assertions were true,
it would not follow that the exclusive power of
originating appropriation bills would give to that
House the right to say tlidt they could dielate
legislation to which we must agree, as the terms
upon which alone appropriations should be
granted. To say so would be at once to transfer
the whole power of legislation to the House of
Representatives, and convert it, as the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] well said, into a French
convention. It would be to change this great and
glorious scheme of Government into a mere Gov-
ernment of numbers. ltwovtldbe to give the rule
to the maiority, which was never designed, and
which could not be safely done under such a sys-
tem of confederated interests as ours.
1 say, sir, that I am standing upon a point far
I higher than any which is involved in the Kansas
I question, or in that of appropriations for the
I Army. I stand here to maintain the constitu-
tional rights of the Senate of the United States
as an equal and coordinate branch of the legisla-
ture of this Government; and why should they
be abandoned ? AVe have been told that the other
is the popular branch—that it is to them we_ are
to look for the preservation of the liberties of the
people. Sir, from what quarter are assaults to be
expected upon the liberties of the people' Either
from sectional legislation, or from Executive
usurpation. Is it not obvious that the consei". a-
tive power, so far as sectional legislation is con-
cerned, is here, because here it is that the States
have an equal representation; and so far as Ex-
ecutive usurpation is to be expected, is it not
more probable that this body, which represents
a different constituency, would resist it, than the
other House, which represents very nearly the
I same constituency as that by which the Presi-
! dent is elected; for we know that all successful
i usurpers began by insidious schemes, which
command the assent or by appealing to the preju-
| dices of the majority ? I maintain that not only
1 the theory but the past history of this Govern-
j ment, shows that this body is conservative of
I American liberty—that without it we could never
, conduct ourGovernmentas it has been conducted;
! and that to strip it of its legislative powers would
; be to make tins Constitution utterly worthless,
I and unsuitable to our condition. _ ,
! Sir, Iamnotafraid, upon such a question as this,
! to appeal to the people in behalf of the Senate—to
! appeal to its past history for the.vmdication of its
I claims to popularrespectand confidence. Like the
■' Roman of old, the recollections of us past service
I would save it from destruction, within sight of the
Capitol at least, no matter how fudden_nnd how
, violent might be the access of the popular fury, tor
! one, I am willing to go before the people on that
i issue; and I say, sir, that I never will agree that
