1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
gentleman. I do not ask for any favor at all, and
1 do not wish to put it on that ground. I claim
nothing here but what is strictly right and proper.
I do not wish for any favor because this is my
first speech, or any other speech.
Mr. WELLER. I am sorry the Senator did
not wait until some bill was pending before us.
Mr. SEWARD. I have never known the court-
esy of a hearing to be refused, at any time or
under any circumstances, to a Senator who ap-
peared in this way for the first time. I appeal
to the established, habitual courtesy of the Senate
to allow the Senator from Illinois to conclude the
remarks which he has commenced.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia insists on his motion, it is the duty of the
Chair to submit the question to the Senate.
Mr SUMNER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Illinois was in possession of the floor,
and was proceeding with his speech, when the
Senator from California obtained the floor from
him in order to interpose the motion which the
Chair now proposes to submit to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. That is not the point. I hold
that the Senator was speaking against the rule
of the Senate after one o'clock. 1 rose then to a
question of order, and asked the Chair whether
the special order was not to be taken up at that
time.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not understand that the
Senator from California rose to a question of
order; but I do not know that that alters the
position of the question. The Senator from
California rises and calls for what he designates
as the order of the day. Now, I submit to the
Chair that, since I have been on this floor, I have
never before known an instance—I cannot call
one to my mind—where a speaker has been inter-
rupted at the close of the morning hour as he was
proceeding with his remarks. I believe the course
which is now proposed is entirely unprecedented.
According to the best of my recollection it is,
though I may be mistaken. 1 suggest that, as
the Senator from Illinois is in possession of the
floor, according to the usage of this body he must
be allowed to go on and finish his remarks.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is certainly mistaken. Nothing is
more common than for Senators to rise and call
for the special order, when the hour fixed for its
consideration has arrived. If the Senator from
California insists on his motion, it is the duty of
the Chair to submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I will ask—though, perhaps,
I ought not to do so, as we have been debating
the question—whether this is a debatable ques-
tion under the rules ?
The PRESIDENT. That is for the Senate to
determine.
Mr. WELLER. I merely submit the ques-
tion, though I do not wish to proscribe a rule to
others which I do not observe myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state the posi-
tion which I occupy in this matter. On the bill
which was postponed until to-day at one o'clock
I am entitled to the floor. Now, it will be very
agreeable to me, so far as I am concerned, to have
the Senator from Illinois go on and conclude his
speech. It is a matter of entire indifference to me
whether I say what I have to say (as it is very
little) to-dny or on another day, or whether, in
fact, i say it at all. I should be quite willing that
the remarks which I have to make should be post-
poned until Monday. I will, however, remark
that, while I am entirely willing and desirous that
my friend from Illinois shouldlinish his remarks,
I hope the Senate will not compel me to begin what
I have to say at an unreasonable hour to-day.
Mr. WELLER. Then that would delay the
bill till next week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill, I presume, is
not of such pressing importance bnt that it may
be delayed for' a day or two; and I will inform
the Senator from California that the remarks
which I propose to make will not probably close
the debate upon the bill, so that I think he can-
not expect that it is to be disposed of this week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very desirous that
this matter shall be ended. I do not wish to be
in the way of anything that it is thought import-
ant to take up; but I do not wish to allow the
report of the Committee on Territories to go out
without having an opportunity to express my
views in reference to it, which I should be glad
to do. I do not desire to press myself upon the
! Senate at all, nor to claim anything from courtesy
i as appearing in the Senate to speak for the first
1 time. If it is insisted on, I shall not proceed.
[{< Go on! go on !"j
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator will allow
me, I should be glad to ask the Chair a question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The business on which the
Senator is speaking is business of the morning
hour. Will it come up regularly hereafter as
business of the morning hour, until it is con-
cluded, if not disposed of to-day ? When it comes
up again, what will be its condition?
The PRESIDENT. It will be left with the
unfinished business of the morning hour, and
after reports from committees shall be received,
it will come up as the first business.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I regret that it should
be made a matter of debate on the report of the
committee proposing to print the documents.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will withdraw his motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the special order
of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would still like to ask
the question, what is the special order? Was
the three million bill made the special order?
The PRESIDENT. The special order is the
Senate bill (No. 124) for increasing the efficiency
of the United States Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was that made the special
order ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of the
fact.
The PRESIDENT. It was made so by a
previous order of the Senate, and will so remain
until disposed of. The Chair will submit the
question to the Senate.
The question was taken and it appeared to
have resulted in the negative. A division was
called for.
Mr. RUSK. Before there is a division on
this question, I desire to say a word. According
to my idea of the propriety of proceeding, the
special order comes up as a matter of course if
the Senator who is on the floor yields it. If the
Senator does not yield the floor, no gentleman can
take it for the purpose of moving that the special
order be taken up. I desire to know, before I
vote, whether the Senator from Illinois yields for
the purpose of allowing the question to be put on
taking up the special order—whether he yields his
right to the floor or insists upon it?
"The PRESIDENT. The Chair asked the
the Senator from Illinois whether ho yielded the
floor, and he was understood to say that he did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did yield to the Senator
from California, not knowing what was his desire.
I supposed that he wished to propound a question
to me, and was not aware of his intention. I
certainly gave the floor to the gentleman to make
a suggestion. I had no idea of yielding the floor
entirely. I did not anticipate the purpose of the
Senator from California. That is the fact of the
matter.
Mr. RUSK. Do I understand the Senator to
insist on his right to the floor? Am I to under-
stand that he has not yielded it for the purpose
of taking up the special order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I did not yield
it for that purpose.
Mr. RUSK. Then if the Senator insists on
proceeding with his remarks, I should like the
Senator to answer, because lie has thrown out
the intimation that he did not wish any favors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to insist
upon proceeding against the wishes of the Sen-
ate. I will say to the. Senator from Texas that
if the Senate desires to take up the special order.
I am willing that the motion shall be put. In my
former remarks I did not intend to be under-
stood as speaking tauntingly. When I said that I
did not mean to ask anything as a favor, I meant
that I did not wish to obtrude myself discourte-
ously upon the Senate. I did not mean what I
said in a braggadocia spirit at all, but I merely
intended to say that, unless it was proper and
right that I should proceed, I did not desire to do
so. If the Senate wishes to take up the special
order, I shalf yield the floor for a motion to be
made for that purpose, if it is insisted on.
Mr. RUSK. Still the Senator does not answer.
If I were addressing the Senate, I could very
readily say whether I yielded the floor or insisted
upon my right to retain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. RUSK. If the motion should be made?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield for the pur-
pose of making the motion.
Mr. RUSK. Then it is a matter of courtesy,
and that courtesy I should certainly extend to
the Senator, although I confess the circumstances
do not appeal very strongly to my notions of
courtesy; but I should vote against taking up
the special order if he had not, in addition to the
peculiar circumstances which exist here, thrown
out the intimation that he wishes no favors, and
thus precluded himself from the courtesy of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has explained what
he meant by that.
Mr. RUSK. It would have been very easy to
explain it in a manner much more satisfactory
and courteous.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the courtesy of
the Senate, and I hope that my appeal will be
sufficient with my honorable friend from Texas,
as I know his would be with me and with others
here under similar circumstances. I would sug-
gest that we should not scrutinize very strictly
the language of a Senator who has the floor and
is interrupted, and is, under the circumstances of
the case, m a new and embarrassing situation. I
appeal to the magnanimity of the Senate to allow
the Senator to proceed without interruption. I
hope the honorable Senator from Texas will not
object to that.
Mr. RUSK. Then my vote will be governed
by courtesy, though it is constrained. I must
accompany my vote, however, with the explana-
tion that I yield to the demands of courtesy,
although it is not asked, or is asked in such a
manner, as to preclude its being graciously ex-
tended.
Now, what are the circumstances this morn-
ing ? Here is a grave and deliberate report made
from a committee of the Senate—the Committee
on Territories — on a question which agitates
the country very considerably. Here, also, is a
minority report from the same committee. The
question of printing an extra number of these re-
ports—of both the minority and the majority—
was referred, under the rules of the Senate, to the
Committee on Printing. On that motion to print
an extra number of both reports, so that they
may be sent out together, the committee present
a report. The honorable Senator who submitted
the report of the majority, [Mr. Douglas,] the
colleague of the gentleman who has taken the
floor, is not in his seat. I do not know that he
has been notified that this discussion would come
up. I presume he has not. The honorable
Senator from Illinois, who has been speaking this
morning, regards this report as so very impor-
tant that it cannot and ought not to go to the
country without his solemn protest against the
doctrines which it contains; and that protest must
be made here in a set speech during the morning
hour, and in the absence of the gentleman who is
responsible for the report. I have not read it
thoroughly, but I have read a portion of it, and
I think that it will vindicate itself. I have read,
also, a portion of the minority report. I hope
they will both be extensively circulated and care-
fully read.
The difficulty of which we now have an in-
stance has occurred during the whole of this ses-
sion. I have not participated in it, and did not
desire to do so. On the reference of the message
of the President to a committee, there must spring
up a great debate. Upon a motion to printa grave
report, a debate must arise. This is not as it
used to be. Parties were formerly willing to come
forward on some question that would call for the
action of the Senate, and with an understanding
that everybody was ready to debate the question
which was presented. They were willing to
come forward and debate it with something like
fairness—not to spring traps and mines. The
fact is, that it appears as if we were sitting here
as a mere body for the purpose of influencing
public opinion, and that this end was to be ac-
complished, not by full and open debate of which
everybody is notified, but by getting the advan-
