1856.]
TO T«£ GOWj&EUti S}OWAL. GLOBS.
649
34th Cono....1st Sess.
rbe Laws of Kansas—Mr. Colfax.
Ho. or Reps.
ture " even if said Legislature, or the people of
Kansas, unanimously desired its amendment.
Section thirteen (see page lt>5) makes the stock-
holders of all corporations individually liable fox"
its debts. But this, too, is suspended by the
mock Legislature of Kansas, for the benefit of
Judge Lecompte.
Section twenty (see page 166) makes directors
liable for debts incurred by them exceeding the
capital stock. But this, also, is suspended ia
Judge Lecompte's charter, and he is one of the
directors of the road.
But there is still another extraordinary provis-
ion in this charter, which I find ia no other grant
of this Legislature. Section fifteen (page 776)
provides:
M If slid coiiipftBy stall require fbrtlM construction or re-
pair of said ro«i,&By stow, grbv*l, or etbtr materials front
the laud of any person adjoining to or nrjjl said road, and
cahnot contract for the same with the owner thereof, said
company may proceed to take possession of and use the
same, and have the property assessed," &tc., fee.
Not only are they empowered to take stone,
gravel, and other tnaterials, including timber, of
such great value in Kansas, from land through
■which the road runs, but also from " adjoining"
tracts; and still further, from tracts "near said
road," which may be construed to mean one
mile, or five miles, or ten miles off, as the case
may be. And if the owner refuses to part with
his timber or gravel, the company are authorized
to take it first, and pay fbr it afterwards; and the
man who resists, ana seeks to protect his own
property, would be amenable to the penalties of
this bloody code for resisting " the laws of Kan-
sas." What was the object of these extraor-
dinary grants and privileges .to Judge Lecompte
and his associates I submit foe the American
people to decide.
Before 1 leave this judge—the central figure a 
he is of the group of men in Kansas, who are
using the power of the judiciary, as it wasused
during " the bloody assizes " in England and
the Reign of Terror in France, to enforce the
decrees of tyranny—I must call attention to his
charge to the last grand j"ury which he addressed
in Kansas; and in which, instead of alluding to
the destruction of property of free-State meli by
unauthorized mobs; to the tarring and feathering,
and other personal outrages, to Which many of
them had been subjected; to the repeated inva-
sions of the Territory by armed marauders, of
which he had been a witness; and to the murders'
of unoffending free-State men, of which he could!
not have failed to hear; his virtuous desire to
uphold " the laws" found vent in another direc-
tion—the direction of persecution instead of pro-
tection. I quote from this extraonlirlary charge,
as published in the National Intelligencer oftfiia
city, of June 5,.1856, the following extraordinary
paragraphs:
" This Territory was orgpjuzed by ah act of, Congress,
and, so far, its authority is from the United States. It has!
a LegislaUtte, electa in jnmuMCe of that organic act. Tltbt
Legislatures, beimtg <m> instrument of Cangrest bpwMtk it
gowns the Territory* has pasted Thes&.tawr, there*
fore, are o/United States authoeiitc akp making ; and
alltkatresist these lam resist the power and authority of the
United States, and are therefore oclt/fr or- HIBBlTRfcASoW.
_" Mon, gentlemen, if you find that■ any prrwnt haoetre-
risted these lata, then, yon must, under your- oaths, find hilts
against such personsfor high treason. If you find that no
stick resistance hta teen mime, bat that' combinations hive
been itemed, for die purpose'of resixtiaj theft, andintii-
vtduals of- influence ami notoriety have beea- aidingr an*
rbettingiaeueh combinations, then MEBT-you stillfijul bills
fbr constructive treasonSic., &c.
Mr. Chairman, I aro no lawyeri butl think I.
understand the force of the English language}
and when I- read-in the Constitution of< the.United;
States' that " Treason.against the-Unitedr States-
shall consist only levyiiy?\e«r agiin$lik*iii, or
i  adhering, to their enemttt giving themiaidt and
comfort," I do-not hesitate tobrand-that chsfga
of-Judge- Lecompte, undenwliieh Governor* Re& 
ineon waa indkted-for treason,.and'is now updec
confinement- and - refused, bail, a* grossly, pal-
pably unjpst, and wholly unauthorized- oy, the
Constitution. To conceae-his.argunaeiH^^hat.to
resist, or." to form thepurpose oCreawting," the
territorial- laws is. treason aga^inat th& United
States, because Gongress authorised- a Legisla-
ture ti> pass- laws* leads you- irresistibly-to- the
additional posiiioo„that„U> r/esist ,the ontacs pf the
conmy.hesTA >>tei4>d4>ythat LagMlntmrc ia -alga
treason, for these boards are but one farther re-
move from the fountain-head of power. And
thus, sir, " the extreme medicine of the Consti-
tution would become its daily bread;" and the
man who even objected to the opening of a road
through his premises, would be subject to the
pains and penalties of treason. No, sir, that
charge is only another link in the chain of tyran-
ny which the pro-slavery rulers of that Terri-
tory are encoding around its people. And when
the defenders of these proceedings ask us to trust-
to the impartiality of courts, I answer them by
pointing to this charge, and also to the judicial
decrees of the Territory, by authority of which
numbers of faithful citizens of the United States'
have been indicted, imprisoneij and harassed—
by authority of which the town' of Lawrence was-
sacked and bombarded—by authority of which
printing presses were destroyed, without legal-
notice to their owners', and costly buildings can-
nonaded and consumed, without giving the
slightest opportunity to their proprietors to be
heard in opposition to these decrees; all part and
parcel of the plot to drive out the friends of free-
dom- from the Territory, so that slavery might
take unresisted possession of its villages and
plains.
It might have been supposed that, at least, one
of those rights dear to all American freemen—the
tried by an impartial jury—would have been left
for the people of Kansas unimpaired. But when
the invaders and conquerors' of Kansas, in their
border ruffian Legislature,'struck down all the
rights of freemen, they did not even leave them
this, with which they might possibly have had
some chance of justice, even against the hostility
of Presidents, the tyranny of Governors, and the
hatred of judges. No jurors, sir, are drawn by
lot ia the Territory. But the first section of the
act concerning jurors (sew page 377) enacts that
" All courts, liefote whom jurors are required,
may order the marshal, sheriff, or other officer, to
surnwm a sufficient number of jurors."
The whole matter is left to the discretion of
thesexrfKcers; and Marshal Donaldson or " Sheriff
Jone " pack juries with just such men as they
prefer, and whom they know will be their will-
ing instruments. • For a free-State man- to hope1
for justice from-such'a-jury, charged' by such a:
judge as Lecompte, would be to ask that the
miracle' bv> which the three Israelites passed
through the fiery furnace of their persecutors
uriscathed', should be daily reenacted in the juris-
prudence of Kansas: Nay, more, sir, to make
assurance doubly sure; the same law in regard-to
jurorsexcludesall but pro-slavery men from the
jury-box in all- cases- relating directly or indi-
rectly, to slavery, forhere is- its- thirteenthsection,
(page-378:)
" No perseawho is eorariwtiottify'o'pposedtotfte holding
atavesyot who i&ebnOt aimit the-right io held tiabee in tflii
Territory, shall .be a,juror in. any cause in which the right to
ht^d any person in slavery is involved, nor ia any caUae
ih which anyinjury (tone to, or committed by, any slave is in
i«Hne,itorinaiiycfiininatprocpeding for the Violationof any
Iaw«ntfeted tor the proteetionof siave property, sutd for the
punishment of crime committed against the right to such
property."
I leawethis. dark picture of the jurisprudence
of KanaaSj andturn now to the laws them selves—
"laws'* tftalt'were, as-kite as the 9th of February,
1856, over two mpnths after the opening of this
gesStorf, tftotf-spokenofby thfe'DitroitFree Press,
the organ of General Cass, and one of the leading
DWfifleratic paperb of the" Northwest:
"But the Ptesidtnt"should pause longbefore treating as
'Erto #«fcMe instirr&ctib*' the att\t)n of those' inhablltimts of"
Kaw  who denytl* binding authority of the Missouri*
KansM Xegislatnrc; for, in- oar humble opinion, a people
that, would not be inclined to rebel against the acts of a legis-
lative body FORCED CPON THEJfBYFRAUIT AND VIOLENCE,
WOtTLtt ONW'ORi'BY THB IfAlfE Or AMfeSfCAtft IftHERE
WM EVB dC8Tiri BI/B-CAtJ I- FOR POPOLAR - BtVOtOTIOW
AGAINST A.d8drpimo AND OBNOXIOUS GOVERXKEBT, that
<;ac6e vm existed in Kansas."
The Presidentof the United States has declared,
inhis special message to Congress, in his procla-
mation,and in. his orders to Governor Shannon,
and. Colonel Sumner,-through his Seeretanr of
Stale and. Secretary of War, that this code of
territorial-laws-is to be enforced by the full exer*
cise of his power. He has, of course, read them,
and knows of their provisions. He must know
that, thjajfi trample evei) on the. organs law, wiiich
hi ofietai"sig aenr& breathedinto lifd. Hemtat
know that they trample on the Constitution of
the United States, which he and we have sworn
to support. Reading them as he has, he could
have chosen rather to support the law of Con-
gress and the national Constitution; but he pre-
ferred to declare publicly his intention of assist-
ing, with all his power and authority, the enforce-
ment of this coae, which repudiates both. The
National Democratic Convention also, at Cincin-
nati, denounced " treason and armed resistance
to the laws" in a marked and special manner;
and if there was any doubt as to the object of
this denunciation, the speech of the author of
the Nebraska bill himself, Mr. Douglas, at the
ratification meeting in this city, a few nights
since, shows plainly its " intent and meaning."
"Wishing to-do no injustice to any one, I quote
from his speech, as reported in the national Dem-
ocratic organ here, the Washington. Union, of
June 10, which 1 hold in my hand:
" The platform was equally explicit in reference fa tht dit*
turbanres in relation to the Territory of Kansas. It declared
that treason was td be punished, aild resistance to the laws
was to be put down." *- * « *
" He rejoiced that the convention, by aunanimotu vote,
had approved of the creed that law nuat and shail prevail.
[Applause.] He rejoiced that we had a standard-bearer
[Mr. Buchanan] with so much' wisdom and nerve as to
enforce a firm and undivided e&ecution of those'saws."
And Mr. Buchattrin, after the nomination, re-
plied to the Keystofte Club, who1 calted on hiiB
on their return from Cincinnati, as follows:
"Gentlemen, two weeks sTnce I should have' made you
a longer speech-, but n&w I have been' placed upon a platform
of which I most hemrtUy approve, and that can sveak for me.
Being tlie representative of the gre^tOemocratic party, and
not simply James Buchanan, I miut 'sQuare mi) conduct ac-
cording to the plnffdnn of that pttrly, and Mttrt' no new
plank, nor take one from it. That' platform is sufficiently
broad and national for the whole Democratic party."
I shall now proceed to show you no less than
seven palpable violatiow of the organic Ime, (the
Nebraska bill,)incorporated into thisootde by the
bogus Legislature which enacted it. The Presi-
dent, Judge Douglas, And Mr. Buchanan, who
are all pledged "to enforce these territorial
laws," cannot have failed to-notice that the con-
querors of Kansas- enacted their code, regardless
of whether its provisions coincided with- the or-
fanic law or not; but, nevertheless, where they
iffer, the law of the United States is to be for-
gotten, and the pro-slavery behests of the Kansas
invaders are to be carried out at the point of the
bayonet, if necessary.
First. Section twenty-two of the Nebraska bill
enacts that the House of Representatives in Kan-
sas shall consistof twenty-six members," whose
term of service shall continue one year." That
does- not mean eighteen, nineteen, or twenty
months, but" one year," and one yearonly. The
Legislature of Kansas was elected on the 30th
day of March, 1855—a day which has become
famous from the discussions- in this House and
elsewhere in regard to it; and,-sir,'if you will
turn to page 280 of this Kansas code;- you will
see that there is not to be an election-for members
of the lower House of the Legislature until the
first Monday- in October,-in £he v6ar 1856—over
eighteen months after. the first Legislature was
elected. If you turn, then, to page 4G3j you will
find<that no regular session of that Legislature is
to be held until January, 1857^ so that the term
of that House of Representative®!,-!]! de£ance of
the organic law, ip prolonged to' twenty-two
months instead of twelve *nopths< Sir, their
term has expired now. Thece is no Legislature
in the Territory of Kansas this day;, and there*
fore, in the language of the- Declaration-of Inde-
pendence, " the legislative powers', incapable of
annihilation, have returned to the people at large
for their exercise." For exercising them, how*
ever, in no conflict with the territorial govern-
ment, but carefully avoiding, it, and. abstaining
from-putting any legislation in force j but only
organizing as a State to apply for admission here
as " a redress for their grievanees"-*^fbr doing
this, ,the court of J udge l^ecompte arraigns then*
for treason, and-scattere its indictments all over
the Territory! ,
Second. Tne same section of the- Kansas or-
ganic law says that'the members of< the council
shall serve for " two yewsi" but their term has
been prolonged in' the same-' manner to nearly
three yeart^, oo-that tbe c® n«iWffel«ctea intM<archv
1855, remaift   J^ftaary^
