12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 22,
the House of Representatives shall have the right,
through the appropriation bills, to force us to adopt
legislation which is contrary to the dictates of
#our judgment and to our well-settled opinions.
And such legislation, Mr. President!—such legis-
lation it is, for the sake of which we are to yield
these great rights and privileges with which the
Constitution has invested us!—legislation which
actually assumes to usurp, on the part of the
Legislature, the rights and the functions of the
judiciary! We are to take from the judiciary
the right of saying whethernast laws that now
exist are valid or not; anCrwe are to say, that
when questions of private right have arisen under
them, the decision of the courts shall not be en-
forced until it is our good pleasure that they shall
be. We, too, sir, are to undertake in that legis-
lation, in order to remedy wrongs which are
alleged to exist, not to make the law^as might
become us, but to vest in the President of the
United States discretionary powers So large and
indefinite that his best friendswould be unwilling
to trust them to him, and I am sure he himself
would never desire them. He is to be invested with
a discretionary power to keep clear the national
highways, and without cither the restraint or
authority of any law other than this, to interfere
•with the State jurisdiction, and to use his own
pleasure as to the means by which these ends
are to be attained.
But, sir, I will not discuss the question of the
nature of the legislation which it is proposed to
force upon us. I speak, as I said before, on a
far higher subject. The House of Representa-
tives has no right to force any legislation upon
us—none whatever. If it comes to this, that I
cannot secure an appropriation for the Army, ex- i
cept on the condition of yielding the powers and {
constitutional rights of this body, 1 say, as I said j
before, the Army must go. We could exist j
without an Army.' This scheme of government'
cannot be maintained without a Senate armed j
with all the poweis which the Constitution has ,
vested in it. If it comes to this, that I must loso I
an appropriation bill, or desttoy the balanc and j
proper distribution of power between the differ- !
ent departments of this Government as the Con- I
fititution has made it, I say let the appropriation i
bill fall. I will preserve the Constitution of my !
country, for I have sworn before lleaven to sup-
port it. Upon that question 1 will not recede an !
inch; and upon that issue 1 am willing to go be-1
fore the people; for if they can doubt and hesitate
—if they are willing to saythat a mcie niajoniy ;
of the House of Representatives nluiie may j
change theConstitntion,and absorb to thenisi Ives i
ail legislative pow«*r—it is time we knew it. A i
majority of this people may destroy the Const!- j
tution; but a majority cannot change it. It was I
not "so nominated in the bond." I
Mr. President, I have stud that, if it was as- i
certained that the two Houses could not agree, ;
that we could pass no appropriation bill except
on conditions such as those 1 have been describ-
ing, it was better that wc should sepat ate at once— ;
that it was idle to exasperate the strife by keeping !
up longer a useless and idle debate. It was a :
question which had manifestly to be settled by I
the people; and the sooner we made up the issue
and went before them the better, and 1 for one !
am prepared for it. 1 f they say we shall not have '
the means of supporting the Army except on such i
conditions as these, I say 1 will not vote the means :
bo far as my vote is concerned. We will arraign
this new party before that gieat tribunal where ,
we are ail accountable for an attempt on the Con- •
stitulion of the country—new 1 say it is, for if it '
is to be judged by its acts and Us purposes, j t is new
to the Constitution of the country. If it is to be :
judged by its deeds, it is new to the practice and '
the usages of our Government. If it is to be '
judged by some of its outpourings of sectional
"bitterness, it is new to American feeling and
sympathy, whose usual current and kindly llow
ithas ludely disturbed. If they force us to go to
the country on such ar. issue as thi.s, we shall be
justified, in my'opinion, in saying of this paity,
that every step of its pi ogress must be marked
by revolution and rum, and that it plants no
footstep which does not trample down some time-
honored institution of government or some sacred
bulwark of human society. I, for one, will hold 1
up this very bill as the evidence to sustain all ;
three of the counts of that great indictment which !
we will prefer against them before the tribunal of
the people: first, that they seek to destroy the
constitutional rights of the Senate as a coordinate
and equal branch of the Legislature of this Gov-
ernment; next, that they seek to usurp to the
Legislature the rights of the judiciary, and to de-
stroy that judicial independence which is so essen-
tial to the due administration of justice, according
to all the Anglo-Saxon notions upon such sub-,
jects; and third, that they propose to lodge in the '
hands of the Executive such powers and such
discretion as it would be utterly unsafe to give,
accordi-ng to our old notions of well-regulated
American constitutional liberty.
Mr. President, I speak the sincere conviction of
my judgment, when 1 sav I believe that the ver-
dict pronounced upon such an issue as this would
be overwhelming against them. But much as I
am opposed to that party in principle, I desire no
political or party triumph on such terms as these.
Much as I would like to destroy that party, I do
not desire its defeat at such a cost to all the best j
interests of the country, as would be occasioned j
by adjourning on such an issue as this. Sir, I
well see what it is to be. I know that its conse-
quences upon the property and the credit of this
country, upon the estimation in which we are to
be held abroad, upon the confidence which our
people will repose in the stability of our institu-
tio.ns, are such as 1 care neither to contemplate nor
to describe. Much rather would 1 see them dis-
charging their duty, and saving themselves from
the great political dangers and risk which", in my
opinion, must attend such a course, by passing
the bill in its usual and ordinary form, and saving
us fi orn the eonsequences of this gi eat issue which
must go before the people unless they retrace their
steps.
Sir, upon any question of courtesy or of mere
expediency, I would yield us far as any man; but
upon this, which invokes the constitutional rights
of the body to which I belong—nay, which in-
volves the existence of the Constitution itself—I
cannot yield. JNTo, sir, not fora moment. Here
I make my stand, nor will I recede an inch.
Air. WELLKCl. It is not probable that we
can obtain a vote on this question to-night, even
if it were desirable. I move that the Senate now
adj onrn.
Mr. MASON. I hope no/,. Let us end the
subject.
Mr. BIGGS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I consider this, Mr. President,
the most solemn e-iisis in the history of our coun-
try which has ever occurr< d. 1 stand befoie
you, sir, a living and connecting link between
the men of the llevolut ion, who u on the precious
heritage they bequeathed to us, and the genera-
tion now upon the theater of action, who have
inherited the fuuts of their labors, if not their
wisdom and their patriotism. It has been a \
glorious Government for all. It has been a j
gioitous Government for me. It has protected j
me and mine fiotn internal dissensions and for- |
eign violence. I luul hoped and prayed it would •
go down indefinitely to the latest time, with its !
great blessings of liberty, justice, and prosperity; j
but my feats are now stronger than my hopes, i
My hopes are yet retained; but fiom all the signs |
around me, unless the people of this country ;
awake to a sense of their danger, and come for- i
ward to defend the Union and the Constitution, '
the precious heritage bequeathed to them will be
lost.
I agree fully with what the honorable Senator
from Virginia has said m relation to this matter.
I consider that the adoption of such a proposition
as this, forced upon the Senate m any way, and
accepted _ by them contrary to their opinions of
constitutional right and duty, would t>e the de-
struction of this Government. It would be to
concentrate all the power of both Houses in one
House, in pnnciplc and in fact. We all know, '
from the very stale of things around us, that it
would be to con-eiitiatc all power in the House
of Representatives.
Mr. President, when our fathers defied the J
power of Britain, and announced, in that mem- i
orable State paper which has marked a new era \
for the world, their determination to be inde- i
pendent and free, and pledged their lives, for- i
tunc*, and sacrcd honor, upon the result, what !
were we? Thirteen small, remote, unknown col-
onies on the western shore of the Atlantic, each
independent of the other. By external pressure
they were forced together; they formed a kind
of Confederation, wanting the essential principles
of a General Government, but sufficient, under
the force of that pressure, to keep them together
until the great object of independence was accom-
plished. They then assembled m convention to
make a permanent Constitution for themselves,
adequate for their purposes in peace and in war.
It was a great and difficult question. The world
had seen nothing like it. I have often inquired
to whom the first glorious-thought occuned of a
Government like this—a Government of numbers
joined with governments of State sovereignties—
an actual Government of a Confederation; and,
at the same time not a Government of consolida-
tion. Why, sir, you never could have succeeded
in that convention—you could never have corne
out of it with a Constitution, if you had adopted
the principle of a Government of numbers merely.
The States wore equal under the old Confeder-
ation. Each State had a vote of its own. Great
or small, they stood on equal ground, and they
never would have yielded it.
Happily for us, happily for the cause of freedom
throughout the world, it occurred to somebody—■
to whom I do not know, hut.he ought to be held
in eveilasting veneration by the American peo-
ple, whoever he was—that there should be a com-
bination between a government of numbers and
a government of State sovereignties. It was ac-
complished by the Constitution, creating a Legis-
lature of two chambers, with separate powers,
usadiiect check on the other. In one at the
other end of the Capitol, the people are directly
interested. In the other, here, they are also
represented, but in their sovereign State capacities.
I repeat, you could not have formed the Govern-
ment without this provision. You cannot hold
tins Government together one month if that great
punciple be touched. Well, sir, is it touched by
this process? It is prostrated; it is destroyed.
If the House of Representatives are determined
on a measure, they have only to force it on the
Senate, joined with some other measure required
by the public good, as in this case, and what is
the consequence? The operations of the Govern-
ment must stop. The theory of our system is,
that laws are to be passed by the cooperation of
both branches, the voluntary action of both
branches. Is there voluntary action of both
branches when one is coerced by a proposition of
the other, to which it must assent or great public
measures be destroyed r No such proposition
can be received by this body without an utter
' dereliction of duty, forfeiting the high ground on
which it stands before the American people.
Gentlemen talk of stopping the supplies. Even
in England it is rather a flippant remark, and I
do not think it has occurred there for nearly two
centuries. The last time it was done, was, I
think, in the reign of Charles 1. That is a tri-
partite Government, an antagonistic government,
with two hereditary bodies, and oneelectivebody.
The radical deference between the two Govern-
ments is, this is the Government of the people,
that is the Government of the sovereign. The
Queen there inherits the sovereignty. The sup-
plies which the Commons may stop are not the
supplies of the people; the Government is not the
Government of the people. Here, if you stop
the supplies of the Government, whose supplies
do you stop, and whose Government do you
check? The Government of the people. You
stop the supplies of the people.
if you want a change of policy, another mode
is pointed out. Every one of us retires from
public life in a short time—the House in two
years, the President in four years, and the Sen-
ate in six years. Can you not wait to appeal to
the people, instead of resorting here to a revolu-
tionary measure ? If theie is any great difficulty
pending before the country, send it back to the
people; do your own duty; preserve your Con-
stitution; and hold out for a better day.
Besides, whose supplies are you going to stop
now? Not your own; you have taken pretty
good care of them. No man ha? proposed to
stop our supplies; but the supplies of the poor
soldiers—thirteen thousand of your fellow-cit-
izens now on the western wilds and Territories
defending your fronticis against the Indians at
