1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
order. I really think this debate is transcending
all the rules of decorum which have been usually
observed in the Senate. The Senator has charged
another Senator on this floor with a libel, or has
said, that if he stated himself to be a Democrat
it was a libel on the State of Illinois. I submit
that we cannot proceed with that decorum and
with that respect for each other, and that respect
which we are entitled to receive from the public,
if these statements are to be made here.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will keep myself within
the rules; but I should have been better satisfied
if the Senator from Kentucky, when the Black
Republicans were denouncing us 111 coarse terms
the other day, had arrested them for a want of
courtesy towards the friends of the Constitution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know to what
the gentleman alludes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I allude to the most vulgar
and coarse of all partisan assaults ever made on
the Democratic side of the House by a Senator
on the other side some days since. But when,
in repelling the assaults of my colleague, I merely
state that his pretensions here would be deemed
a libel on them by the Democracy of Illinois, I
am called to order. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky had called others to order, I should have
been bettor satisfied; but I will yield to any point
of courtesy which the Senator may desire to en-
force.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sir, it was no more
my business than that of others to have called to
order any gentleman who may have previously
violated the decorum of the Senate. I do it now
with reluctance, exceeding reluctance, because
of the repeated instances m the speech of the
gentleman, as I understand it, where personal
language is used. I am sure the gentleman has
experience enough in this body to concur with
me—whatever his passion may have prompted,
or whatever provocation he may have received— j
that such language does not become debate in
the Senate, nor is it authorized by its rules.
The gentleman can find no cause to complain
against me that I have not called everybody to
order. The gentleman is a distinguished Senator,
and examples proceeding from lnm of a violation
of the rules of order are therefore taken notice of,
more than if they came from others. Our conse-
quence in the eyes ofthe public, our consideration
with the people, will I think be the more increased
the more we preserve in our debates the proper
decorum of this body.
We are not here for the purpose of personal
encounter or personal vituperation. Questions
of a personal character may be settled elsewhere.
The floor of the Senate is not the place to settle
them. I think we should -vindicate the general
character of the body.
This is a matter 011 which I cannot be misun-
derstood; I cannot be understood in any way but
that my sole and entire object is to vindicate the
order and the dignity of this body. It is with
that view, and that only, that I have ventured to
recall the honoroble gentleman to a sense of what
I consider the proper spirit in which debate should
be conducted m this body.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now appeal to the Senate
to know if every word which I have uttered was
not within the rules of order as sanctioned by the
Senator from Kentucky, and every other Senator
daily ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman ap-
peals to me, I will say that if I have violated, or
shall hereafter violate- •
Mr. DOUGLAS That is not the point which
I am making. My point, is, that the remark fo
which the Senator takes exception was, that the
political charactcr of my colleague, if such as he
stated it to be, would be deemed by the Illinois ;
Democracy a libel on them. That was alh I was 1
speaking of a political event—an event ot which ;
I am better capable of judging than the Senator :
from Kentucky. I do not regard him as good
authority on the character of the Illinois Democ-
racy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
a right, f presume, to call the gentleman to order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And he has no right
to deprive me of that privilege by continuing a
debate with me. I say that when he asserts that
a Senator 011 this floor, by proclaiming himself a
Democrat, commits a libel on the Democracy of
Illinois, he uses language which seems to rne un-
suited to this body. He said, also, that another
Senator—and I do not know to whom or to what
he alluded—had obtained the postponement of a
subject for a week, and did it for the purpose of
circulating in the mean time a libel against him.
I said that was not language fit for this body. I
say so still. I have a right to have the decision
of the Chair on the point, and I demand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well; let it be made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have made the point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only ask that I shall have
a chance to reply to the imputation of my col-
league  
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illi-
nois will take his seat until the question of order
is decided.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall not allow the
Senator to deprive me of my right. I have made
a proper parliamentary question of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS, t only ask that the same
rule shall be applied to others.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, (to Mr. Douglas.) You
may apply to others the same rule. If I do not
do it, it is not your fault.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understood
the Senator from Illinois as applying his remark
politically to the State or people of the State of
Illinois, or a portion of those people, and not per-
sonally to the Senator, his colleague.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That was it.
The PRESIDENT. It is not for the Chair to
undertake to limit the import of language that
may be employed. n
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He said that it was a I;
libel upon the Democracy of Illinois, if he called i
himself a Democrat. If I understand it, that charge ! i
implies falsehood on a member of this body. 1 j
The PRESIDENT. If that be the inference, U
the Senator was clearly out of order; but the Chair ; j
docs not feel authorized to diaw any such infer- |
ence.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Kentucky !
is laboring under a misapprehension as to what I 1
said. I will repeat it to him, because I know he 'j
would not wish to misrepresent me. What I '|
stated was, that the fact that my colleague was a !j
Democrat would be news to the Democracy of !j
Illinois; and that his claims to be a Democrat, m
while professing the sentiments he has lye re ex- \ \
pressed, and affiliating with Know Nothings and
Abolitionists, would be deemed by the Domoc- ;l
racy of that State a libel on their political char- [
actor. That was the sentiment expressed by me; j
certainly it was the idea which I intended to con- 1 j
vey. I should have finished what T had to say |.
long ago, if I had not been interrupted. I will ij
proceed now with the remarks which 1 was
making. _ ,
I understand that my colleague has claimed ;
that he is a Democrat, and has said that lie has
never belonged to any other organization. I
suppose that it is as pei tinent to the subject under .
discussion for me to reply to that .suggestion, as
it was for him to adduce it as an argument. I ■
repeat, that statement will be news to the Dcm- '
ocracy of Illinois. When he was elected, he i
received every abolition vote in the Legislature of 1
Illinois. He received every Know Nothing vote ;
in the Legislature of Illinois. So far as I am ad-.
vised and believe, he received no vote except i
from persons allied to Abolitionism or Know
Nothingism. He came here as the Know Notli- ;
ing-Abohtion candidate, in opposition to the 1
united Democracy of his State, and to the Demo- ;
cratic candidate. How can a man who was .
elected as an Abolition-Know-Nothing, come
here and claim to be a Democrat, m good stand- :
ing with the Democracy of Illinois? It was to j
that fact that I alluded." Sir, the Illinois Democ- '
racy have no sympathies or alliances with Aboli- .
tionism in any of its forms. They have no con-
nection with Know Nothingism m any of its form*. *
If a man has ever been a Democrat and becomes ■
eitheranAbolitionistorKnowNothmg,oi a Free- ,
Soiier, he ceases that instant to be a Democrat in
Illinois. You might as well say that Omor Pacha
was a Christian after he became a Turk and em-
braced the Mohammedan faith, as to say that an
Abolition-Know-Nothing can be a Democrat m
the State of Illionis. For this reason I conveyed
the idea that if a man who, during the last regular
election, had canvassed a large portion of the
State against every Democratic nominee, and in
favor of every Know Nothing and Abolition can-
didate, could claim now in the Senate ofthe United
States to be a Democrat, the Democracy of that
State would consider it a libel on their political
character. This is the idea which X intended to
convey.
Sir, why was the statement of my colleague
being a Democrat made, unless to convey the idea
that the Illinois Democracy would harborand as-
sociate with a Know Nothing or an Abolitionist ?
Sir, we do no such thing in Illinois. There is a
high wall and a deep ditch between the national
Democracy of that State, including the old national
Whigs, 011 the one side, and all Know Nothing
and Abolition organizations on the other. I can
say to Senators that Know Nothingism and Abo-
litionism in Illinois are one and the same thing.
Every Know Nothing lodge there adopted the
Abolition creed, and every abolition society sup-
ported the Know Nothing candidates. It may
be different in the South; but in the Northwest, .
and especially in Illinois, a Know Nothing or an
Abolitionist means a Black Republican. My col-
league is the head and front of Black Republican-
ism m Illinois in opposition to Democracy. You
might as well call the distinguished Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] or the member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] or any other leader
of the Black Republican forces, a Democrat, as to
call my colleague a Democrat. Why has that
assertion been brought into this debate? Did it
prove that my report was wrong? Did it prove
that it was courteous to make an assault on that
report in my absence ?
Sir, I am not now making these statements to
my colleague for the first time. Last summer, in
the presence of thousands of our constituents, at
the town of Salem, I made the same statements.
I replied to him then as I reply to him now, and
110 mortal man contradicted the truth of what I
said. Every man present knew my remarks to
be true, and my colleague did not question them.
: Thousands of witnesses were present to affirm
i their truth if they had been questioned. On that
' occasion ho made another assertion, which I
I understand he has repeated to-day: that, in ex-
| pressing the Black Republican sentiments which
! he has advanced, he spoke the sentiments of the
| people of the State of Illinois. In reply to that
! remark, on that occasion, I told my colleague that,
! if he made the issue whether he or I truly repre-
1 sented the people of Illinois, I was ready for the
I issue. I said that, differing as we did, both of
1 us had no right to be here as colleagues together,
I for one or the other grossly misrepresented the
! people of the State. In order to ascertain which
[ represented them truly, and which untruly, I then
! proposed to him that we should sign a joint resig-
' nation and submit it to the people, and if I did
1 not beat him with his Know Nothingism, Abo-
1 litionism, and all other isms, by a majority of
twenty thousand votes, he should take the seat
without the trouble of a contest. I have received
no response to that proposition. I then told him
cither to accept it or never again dare to intimate
that I did not represent the people oflllinois truly.
Yet I am told that, with a consciousness of repre-
senting a meager majority of miserable Abolition-
ists and Know Nothings, with all the national
men of both the old parties against him, he has
said here to-day that he represents the people of
1 llinois, and that I do not.
! It was to these positions that I desired to reply.
I I should have been glad to be spared the necessity
j of replying to them. I wish to conduct this de-
i l&te with courtesy and kindness. I feel the
necessity of not allowing myself to participate in
i discussion further than is absolutely necessary;
| but it is my duty to myself, to my State, to those
j great constitutional principles which I advocate,
j that I should place these matters right, prelim-
; mary to the discussion of the merits of the report
j which has been assailed.
! I shall not occupy the time of the Seriate longer
j to-day, as the hour is late; but I give notice
; that on the next occasion when the subject
' comes before the Senate—whether on this motion
j or on the bills which will be reported by the
Committee on Territories—I may deem it my
duty, if my health permit, to take the floor for
' the purpose of replying to the argument of my
I colleague, in which I understand he has attempted
'• to overthrow some of the positions contained in
I the report which it became my duty to submi?
