1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 *">
lo
the hazard of their lives. What is your contract
with thorn ? They have contracted with you to
snve you five years with their lives, and you
have coutirti t'-il to feed them, to clothe them, and
to pay ih' tis-,and now you seriously propose, be-
fore the world, to do neither. They will be held
to their service; they cannot be disbanded. In
the nvau time, they are to be there to fight your
battles and defend your country, and you violate
your contract. You have not the excuse of the
Revolution, that you have no means. You have
an overflowing Treasury. You keep it locked.
You will not unlock it to comply with your sol-
emn contracts. I say there is no such example
of plighted and slighted engagements to be found
in the history of the world; and if this goes on,
American faith will become worse than Punic
faith, a by-word and a reproach among the na-
tions of the earth. Stopping the supplies 1 Starv-
ing thirteen thousand soldiers now fighting your
battle*? and defending your frontiers against the
merciless.Indians! It is a matter of utter aston-
ishment to me that one man could be found to
put such a proposition, not on a bill paying our-
selves and the other members of the Government,
but on a bill to pay the poor soldiers.
Mr. President, I am not going into the discus-
sion of the general question. I desire,however,
to make one or two remarks on another point in-
volved in this proviso of the House, with respect
to the duty of the Presidentof the United States.
"What has he to dor " To protect persons and
property therein," in the Territory; and besides,
"on the national highways leading to said Terri-
tory from all unlawful searches and seizures.":
2\ow, I ask any gentleman of the Senate, what !
power is here conferred on the President? He is |
to piottct persons from unlawful searches and i
seizures. What is he to do with them, or rather i
what is the miliary force acting under his clirec- j
tion to do with them? To seize men. imprison |
them, try them, or what is he to do with them ? !
It is a new case in the law. There is no provision ;
for doing anything with them. Is he to hold his .
prisoners to the amount of fifty thousand? Asa
practical measure, I repeat, what is the President
to do with them ? The President is to " protect
persons." It occurred to me to turn to an early
stage of our history, and I will state the result of
my examination.
"On the ] 4th of May, 1789, in the Senate of the
United States, the first session it ever sat, there
was a proposition to give a title to the President
of the United States. The proposition was to
give him the title of ti His Highness, Presi-
dent of the United States of America and Protect-
or of their liberties." Afterwards, by the good,
sense of the House first, and then of the .Senate,
it was put an end to. Here we are starting up
to make the President the protector of .our liber-
lies. Sir, it is no part of the duty of the Presi-
dent. You cannot find it in the Constitution. He
is to see that the laws are faithfully executed;
but the laws are to be executed through the
proper medium, not through him. He cannot
arrest a criminal, he cannot direct the arrest of a
person. It is the law that protects, through the
machinery of its courts, its marshals, its sheriffs,
its constables, and its other officers. It is not the
President, but the law, that protects. When the
law becomes too weak, and encounters a force
which it cannot overcome, the President is called
upon; then his duty commences; and he is to
order out the military force, the business of which
force is to put an end to this opposition, and then
the law resumes us authority. The President
has no riclit to step in until that state of things
takes place, and of that state of things he must
be warned. He mun be warned by the reports
returned to him from the proper officers that there
is a state of things which the ordinary power in
the hands of the executive officers cannot over-
come; and he is then required to raise, either by
the uvular force or the militia, a competent power
to enable him to hnns: the law into vigorous ex-
ertion. When that is'done, the law goes on in its
accustomed course.
Hut, Mr. President, worse than all this, the
provision declares that he is to protect persons
and property on all the national highways lead-
ing to Kansas. There never was such a pro-
vision before. What are the national highways
leading to Kansas? Where are thzyj The first
proposition I sa$, (though that is of no account
now, 1 suppose,) mentioned highways in Missouri
specifically. There are national highways in Mas-
sachusetts leading to Kansas, that a person pass-
ing to Kansas from that State, or eastof it, must
go on them. What is a national highway lead-
ing to Kansas, and what is a national highway?
There is no such term known to our laws or Con-
stitution. It is used here as a definition giving to
the President great and enlarged powers. He is
to execute these powers on the national highways.
What are the national highways? It is a sort of
conventional forensic term that we have intro-
duced to designate such streams as have a proper
claim to be improve^jpnderthe commercial power,
but never extending to roads. There is no com-
mercial power in this country, that by law extends
to roads.
Then what is the President, in the execution
of this tremendous duty, to do? IIow is he to
find out where the national highways are? In
the whole history of the world, there never was
an instance of such mighty, unlimited, unknown
power granted to an individual. What right
has the President to go into Missouri, Iowa,
Illinois, or Indiana, and go upon the highways,
and say, " this is a national highway that leads
to Kansas; here I put my soldiers?" 'That is the
protection. He becomes a great French prefet
of police, under this system.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It puts the Army wherever
there is a mail route.
Air. CASS. I do not go into details; but the
Senator from Illinois is correct. I repeat, you
make your President a great French ptefct of
police, sitting: here in Washington, moving his
wires, and directing his soldiers through the
whole country to go to such and such a road and
arrest any man who they consider designs to £0
to Kansas, and is about to make difficulty on the
road leading to Kansas. I must confess I have
read it, with utter astonishment, that any mail
can get up here and contend that such a provision
is constitutional. The States protect the roods.
Tins is not a question of commerce. In navi-
gable waters, a murder commuted on board a
ship, or vessel, of over ten tons burden, is pun-
ishable by the laws of the United States; but
that gives the United States no general jurisdic-
tion over the stream. So far as the commerce is
regulated and concerned, it relates to that; but
the State of Missouri protects individuals on the
highways of Missouri, and you have no more
right to go there and interfere with her than the
English Parliament or the English Government
has. There is no such power in your Constitu-
tion. When you usurp it, you assume a prero-
gative that does not belong to you.
Well, Mr. President, this whole proviso is,
that you are to disband the Army and disarm the
militia. But, in the name of God, what are the
people of Kansas to do in the mean time? I
prophecy that, if you do that, you will have no
more troubles for a long time in Kansas. It is
an invitation to the Indians to come there; and
they will readily and freely accept it. All this
leads to the most serious consequences
I concur with the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee in one respect. I am willing to go as far
as the Senate can go. There is no question of j
mere dignity that would stop me for a single
moment. I would sit here an indefinite period j
of time. I would make any proposition to the ;
House of Representatives, if I thought they |
would give the least attention to it; but our course
here is taken. It is impossible for me. for any j
member of the Senate, I think, who has voted as !
I have, to recede from the position we have taken— •
I will not say to abase the dignity of the Senate,
but to cast down its usefulness and standing, and ,
with it the liberties of the people of this country, ;
by assenting to such a measure. I do not see
any prospect of our doing any good by continu-
ing this controversy. lam under the impression ;
that we had better meet it now. There is an |
appeal made to the people of this country, and it ;
is said thev must settle it. I repeat, I shall be ,
perfectly willing—as willing as any man—to ex- ;
haust all proper means of reconciliation. The ■
Senate will recollect that, in some remarks which j
I made before, I was in favor of a conciliatory ;
spirit; I opposed a proposition to adhere, and :
voted for insisting;; but the House of Represent- .
atives having noV taken it upon themselves to j
say they will adhere to their position, that they ;
will have no more conciliation, I am prepared to
adopt the same course, and let the matter go to
the people of the country.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not wish,*
at this time, to prolong a discussion on this sub-
ject, because I have said, heretofore, prfitty much
all that I wished to say in regard to it. I am not
in favor of either branch of Congress dictating
to the other. I am as far from assuming such a
position as the gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber; but the first point to be settled
on this matter is, who is dictating in so peremp-
tory a manner—which branch of Congress takes
upon itself the power of dictation to the other?
I do not believe that there is any very profound
constitutional question involved in this issue be-
tween the two Houses. 1 do not think there is
anything very unusual, in principle at all events,
in the issue which is joined between the two
branches of Congress. I have some recollection
of an occasion during the last Congress, when the
House of Representatives attached a revision of
the tariff to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and sent it to this body. A motion was
made to strike it out; and if I am not very much
mistaken, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] and many gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber, contended most stoutly that it was in
order, and well enough.
Now, look at the twopropositions. There is
no similarity between them. The bill to which
that provision was attached last year was to
appropriate money for the different exigencies
of the Government. To it the House of Repre-
sentatives added a proposition to raise the rev-
enue, and alter and change the tariff system
from what it was before; and yet it was consid-
ered perfectly germane. iNo infringement of the
Constitution—no assumption of power on tho
part of the House of Representatives—was charged
on that occasion.
Mr. PEARCE. That is a mistake. I so
charged and resisted it fiercely.
Mr. WADE. 1 am only stating my recollec-
tion. I know I had occasion to speak on that
subject, and I now remember that 1 vindicated
the House of Representatives. I believe, there-
fore, that 1 am wrong. When 1 recur to the
course of argument which I myself then pursued,
I suppose somebody must have suggested that it
was an assumption of power on the part of the
House, because I recollect very well that I con-
tended they had the constitutional power to attach
such a proviso as they saw fit to an appropria-
tion bill. I believe the record will show that I
defended the constitutionality of the course of
the House of Representatives then, though I
voted against their proposition for other reasons.
I believed that to send us so material a provision
to be acted on here at the close of the session,
was out of time—not out of place. I thought
we had not sufficient time to investigate it, and
act intelligently on it; therefore, I voted against
the provision, but not for the reason that the
House had no right to attach it to an appropria-
tion bill. On that point I coincided with the
Senator from Virginia, and nearly all the Sena-
tors on the other side of the Chamber then, as
well as many on this side, whatever may be their
position now. I have not prepared myself with
any precedents; but, if I am not greatly mistaken,
when an appropriation bill came up to placo
$3,000,000 in the hands of the Executive in order
to enable him to carry on the Mexican war, tho
House of Representatives attached to it what
was called the Wilmot proviso. It was brought
into this body; and if I recollect rightly, the Sen-
ator from Michigan stated that he would havo
been in favor of it, but it failed for want of time,
because the constitutional term of Congress ex-
pired. Perhaps I am mistaken in my recollection.
Mr. CASS. What was it?
Mr. CLAY. The Wilmot proviso to the three
million bill, in 1846 or 1847.
Mr. CASS. I have told that story a dozen
times over. When it was first started I should
have voted for it. I said so. I did not say it
here; I said it m conversation.
Mr. WADE. There is no need of stating it;
but what becomes of your revolutionary argu-
ment?
Mf. CASS. You mean to allude to it as bear-
in0, on the principle here involved. You are mis-
taken; I never took that ground.
