14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 22,
Mr. WADE. It would take a more subtile
mind than mine to see the difference between the
^power of the House to attach to this bill this pro-
viso, and their power to attach to an appropria-
tion bill a provision that slavery and involuntary
servitude, except for crimes, should never exist
in any portion of the Territory covered by the
treaty sought to be effected by the appropriation.
Mr. CASS, i take it that the House of Rep-
resentatives, in a case of the acquisition of new
territory, have aright to impose a restriction, if
within their constitutional power, and submit it
to us, and we have a perfect right to originate
it. That is a case perfectly germane to the sub-
ject-matter if they have the power. I deny
the power in the instance to which the Senator
alludes.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, the House had the
power then, and it was deemed no usurpation.
The Senator himself*at the time, would have
sanctioned it, as he has before declared. If the
House of Representatives could block an appro-
priation of money by a proviso against slavery
m all the Territories that were to be acquired by
a treaty—and that was held to be no usurpation—
I do not think that plea can be made out in this
case. The greater includes the less. If the
House of Representatives have the right to with-
hold an appropriation at all, which no one will
deny, they have undoubtedly the right to pro-
pose i.t on just such conditions as they please.
I5ut I do not wish to pursue that point. I do not
think any such question is involved here.
Now, what is this matter, about which so much
fuss isnnnde, and about wlneli the countenances
of gentlemen seem to grow solemn ? You talk
to us as if the Government was on its last legs,
groaning in the veryagony ofdeath. What for?
The House of Representatives have seen the state
of affairs in Kansas. They have seen that the
exeeuti\e department of this Government at all
events is permitting a state of things there derog-
atory to the character of our nation. If the Ex-
ecutive is not conniving at and encouraging it,
he sits with folded arms, and is willing to see
States usurping authority, to conquer and govern
by force and by fraud the people of the Territory
of Kansas. Wo here have alleged this, and the
House have proved it. We heard it everywhere
from sources entitled to credit, and under circum-
stances so mulUarious that no man could seem
to doubt, the extent to which these usuipations
wore carried; but the House of Representatives
were not willing to yield to this kind of evidence
Before they undertook to act in reference to a
great matter like this, they took the precaution to
send a commission to Kansas, with solemn power
to inquire and ascertain beyond doubt the fact
whether the alleged oppressions and tyrannies
and assumptions of power on the pail of a neigh-
boring State did exist or not, in the same way
that you would ascertain any facts in the most
solemn case presented to a court foradjudication.
They proved the existence of a worse suite of
things than we supposed. The correctness of
the repoit you cannot gainsay or deny. They
found that our people were oppresse d, that they
were tyrannized over, that they were muidered,
and robbed, and evety crime m the calendar com-
mitted on them, apparently with the lull and en-
tire approbation of your General Government.
Although the Army of the UmtedStates was near
by, and could bear witness to these agressions,
its otHcors informed the people that they had no
power to interpose, for the Executive g.ive them
none.
The President asked for an appropriation in the
usual way, to support the Army of the United
States. The House of Representatives cheer-
fully and willingly responded to his call, and ap-
propriated to his use every dollar which he said
would be necessary to keep up your Army; but
they could not conceal from themselves a know-
ledge of what was going on m Kansas Territory;
they could not help but know that it was in the
power of the President, as easy as to turn his
hand over, to make peace in that Territory if he
had the disposition to do it; they could not help
but know that he was utterly recreant to the first
duly of a chief magistrate, by withholding his
influence^ for peace. They hud proved tSat a
neighboring State had usurped, as I said before,
all power there—had got up a Legislature clothed
with almost supreme power, without and against
the will of the people which it was to govern.
That Legislature enacted what they call laws—
enactments of an unusual, atrocious chaiacter,
utteily unknown to modern legislation—1 may
say, the remnant of a barbarous and bloody age.
They sought to reduce to subjection the people
of the Territory to laws like these, w,1 ich they
had no vote or voice in enacting. The House of
Representatives knew all this. They had proved
it, had published it to the world, and no man was
hardy enough to get up and say it was not even
so—every word of it.
After granting every dolta necessary to sup-
port your Army in eveiy place and on all occa-
sions that was asked, they simply provided that
none pf it should be spent for executing these
enactments. They knew that the arm of the Ad-
ministration and the Army of the United States
had been brought to execute these laws; that the
honorable business of a soldier had been perverted
to act as a petty bailiff and constable to arrest and
tyrannize over men, dragging them up to answer
to a usurped tribunal to adjudicate on laws of this
unconstitutional and atrocious character unknown
to our system of Government, and repugnant to
the Constitution of the United States. Some of
the best men in this country were there impris-
oned under color of these miserable enactments
called laws. There was no department of the
Government, except the House of Representa-
tives, that did not look, I may say, with com-
placency on these atrocities. I am sorry to be
compelled to say that, after all that has been
alleged and proved in regard to the conduct of
those who ha\e cuiiquei ed and subdued the people
of Kansas, J ha\e not heard on tins Hour from
those opposed to us one word of disapprobation
of all that those lawless bands of men have done.
If you speak at all, you speak as the apologists
of their nets. The Executive has failed in his
duty; you have looked with complacency on these
tyrannies; and the 1 louse of Representatives was
the only branch of Government 
Mr. BIGGS. I rise to a question of order,
whether or not the Senator from*Ohio is not
charging improper conduct on this body. He
says, atrocities have been recognized and ap-
proved by tins body. I say that is out of order.
Several SrM\Tons. Let him go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio will proceed,
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have no dispo-
sition to transcend the rules of this body, and I
do not think I have done so. 1 mean, however,
always to speak with great plainness what 1
believe is an important truth. I ask the Senate,
winch of you, of like politics with tlie Executive,
has risen here, and put the seal of disappiobation
on the acts' of these lawless men m the Territory ?
Mr. CASS. 1 have, and a number of other
members—more than one.
Mr. WELLEU. 1 have.
Mr. WADE. An old maxim snys, " Actions
speak louder than words." I believe the Senator
from Michigan did brand some portions of these
laws as tyrannical and disgraceful; but when we
came to the vote, I did notiind him differing from
his fellows.
Mr. (JASS. What vote?
Mr. WADE. All the votes that went to con-
firm those laws, or tended to repeal theni.
Mr, CASS. Theie was no vote of mine to
confnm them.
Mr. HENJAMLW I will ask the Senator from
Ohio if a \<ry Luge rnajoiity of the Senate has
not passed a bill which he himself voted against
to repeal those very laws ?
Mr. WADE. I voted against that bill, because
in repealing them it imposed conditions which
made what was oppressive and tyrannical infin-
itely worse than it had been, and made those who
now reign there triumphant m their tyranny,
and tended to make their domination eternal.
When wo tried the repeal as a naked question,
unless I am entirely mistaken, your votes are all
recorded against it, and m favor of the whole
legislation. Indeed, so far from meeting the dis-
approbation of Senators here, I remember that
'he Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] when
this question arose, approved 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is arraigning
all of us here about the validity of these law p. I
merely ask his attention to this fact: I 'hare
shown in a report—I have shown in speeches
here, that his whole party in the House of Rep-
resentatives have voted to recognize the validity
of every one of those laws which he condemns.
I should like to hear his answer to that.
Mr. W ADG. I hope the Senator does not
plead his reports and his arguments by way of
estoppel, as lawyers say, to any argument! may
make.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, I do not do that; but I
have cited the oill which contains that statement.
There has been no man here so destitute of char-
acter and truth as to deny the truth of these state-
ments; and, inasmuch as every one of the Sen-
ator's party.in the House of Representatives has,
under oath, affirmed the validity of the very laws
which he is now condemning, I think he had
better condemn his own friends instead of ar-
raigning the Senate.
Mr, WADE. Mr. President, I am not going
into a controversy with the gentleman. I heard
his argument on that point, and to me it appealed
baseless, vain, and sophistical. It needed no
reply from anybody, in my judgment. It will
find its response in the good sense of the people,
when they read it. I am willing fo leave it to
them, with confidence in their intelligence.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not talking about my
argument, but about a matter of faci wh>ch the
Senator will not deny—which no honest man will
deny—that the House of Representatives has
passed a bill expressly recognizing the validity
of those very laws. It does not rest on my argu-
ment; it rests on the recorded votes of every one
of that party in the House of Repi esi niatives,
and to equivocate, by a fling at mv argument,
will not do. The tact stands recorded, that the
House of Representatives have by their votes rec-
gonized the validity of the very laws which they
now say ought not.to be executed.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have heard
that argument of the Senator before—1 think this
is the fourth time—m exactly the same terms,
and 1 never believed a single word of it. It may
be that 1 am perverse, but I am willing to leave
the substantial facts with the people. The Sena-
tor has sent out a sufficient quantity of his reports
and arguments, and the people can answer his
quest ion.
Now, sir, what is the matter of difference be-
tween these two bodies? I shall not make a
lengthy argument on it, for I have already spoken
longer t.ian I intended. The House of Represent-
atives stand arraigned at the bar of the Senate as
revolutionists—as men who are unmindful of the
Constitution which they have sworn to support.
Those aie very grave charges, and should be
accompanied with strong proof or strong argu-
ment. Where is the evidence to sustain them?
I was going on, when interrupted, to show the
truth and the fact.
The Senator from Illinois now admits that the
people of Kansas weie subjected to a horrible
tyranny, unknown, I believe, even in any despotic
Government at the present time. They have been
harassed under sluun and bogus laws, with the
Army as special constables to haul up honest
men, with or without warrant, before an incompe-
tent judge, who could make under our Constitu-
tion both constructive and high treason. Under
the instructions of sucn an ignoramus from the
bench, a grand jury indicted printing-presses and
hotels as nuisances, and an army of ragamuffins
was dispatched to execute his ordeis. The
House of Representatives, knowing that this was
the case, and see'ng that the executive branch of
the Government could not be excited ^o move in
buhalf of apeople oppressed by illegal enactments
and assumptions of power and tyrannical de-
cisions from the bench, and finding that the Son-
ate of the United States had provided no remedy,
and had shown no disposition except to apologize
for the acts of outrage, endeavored, m some mode
within the pale of the Constitution and their
legitimate powers, to provide some kind of remedy
for those evils —   icmedy weak and int flicient
1 know, but nevertheless better than inaction
They provided it — how? By ingrafting on an
appropriation bill what the Senator from Michi-
gan says is a revoluionary principle. That I
deny. When they were providing for the Anny,
could they not say that no portion of the money
which it was m their authority to give, or in yours
—for I make no difference between the bodies on
this subject — should be used for the purpose of
