1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
tance, may lower over your house and my house,
and spread itself over the whole Union. What
man can tell it ? Evil goes apace under any cir-
cumstances. There are circumstances here that
are calculated to give it an increased rapidity.
Great political questions mix themselves up on
the one side and the other with the broil in Kan-
sas. A whole section of the Union takes part
with one side of this difficulty; and so we go on
from day to day. Those feelings of better days
which united us all made our Union not so' much
a Union of constitution and laws, as a Union of
hearts, of hopes, of anticipations for the future,
and recollections of the past. Those great bonds
which bind hearts together, which bind the great
heart of a nation up into one glory, and one hope,
and one expectation for the future, are now ap-
parently frittered away in points, and squabbles,
and factions, and quarrels of high and low de-
gree.
All this, sir, may be put an end to. I fully
believe in the intelligence of the people of the
United States. I believe in their love of country.
X believe that, North and South, no man looks
towards the destruction of this Union without a
sigh—without an inward grief that so much great-
ness, the hope of so much more, the hope of sq
much regener .tion for the human race, of such
destinies as lie before us, should all be blotted out
and destroyed. No man can desire this. It is
not in the heart of man to desire it. Remove
these present causes of difficulty, and the hearts
of our people will come together: they will be
open to reconciliation. Let us all be conciliators,
and the work is done. We are again one great
undivided nation,marching on to our destiny with
a speed like that of the comet—the wonder of
nations, and a wonder to ourselves!
We should look at this great subject as men in
. whose hands the confidence of our country lias
placed such mighty, such vast, such immeasur-
able destinies, of consequence to all mankind.
Shall we stumble and fall over such little obstacles
as that which has given consequence to our
troubles ? Shall we be broken upon a little stone ?
No, I trust not.
Sir, these remarks are much beyond my reso-
lution, and embrace what wiser and abler friends
than I am have suggested in respect to those
other remedies to which I have alluded. My ob-
ject is an immediate one. It is to put an end to
the anarchy there; and for that purpose I will
now proceu, without further remark, to offer to
the Senate, and ask for the immediate considera-
tion of this resolution;
Whereas, dangerous popular disturbances, with insurrec-
tion and obstruction to tlje due execution of the laws, un-
happily pi ovail in tile Territory of Kansas ; and whereas, it
is of great importance that tlie miiuaty forces which may
he employed lor tile suppression of those insurrectionary
disturbances, and for the restoration ot law, peace, and pro-
tection to the frooti people of the Territory, should !>c con-
ducted with the greatest diseietion and judgment, and
should be under the command of an officer whose rank and
reputation would render his services most useful and bene-
ficial to his country 111 the present crisis—a ciisis requiring
firmness and prudence, energy and conciliation: lie it
therefore
Raoltietl, hy the Senate of the United Stnfcs, That the
PreMden t be, and he is hereby, requested to employ the mil-
itary sci vices of Lieutenant General Scott in the pacifica-
tion of Kansas, and in the immediate duection and command
of all the foices employed, or to be employed, for that pur-
pose, undet such instructions, and with such authority and
powei, as the President can and may think proper to give
to and confer upon him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution at
this time. I3 there any objection?
Mr. MASON. I am notatall prepared to ap-
prove of the resolution which has been submitted
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky; nor am
I prepared to disapprove of it. j\Iy habitual
respect for the good judgment of that honorable
Senator—I need not say for his patriotism, which
none could ever question—could lead me to dis-
trust my own judgment to a certain extent, if I
were prepared to differ from him. But yet I am
not satisfied that the condition of things in Kan-
sas calls for so apparently solemn an intervention.
Nor am I satisfied that it would become us at
present, as a part of the legislative body,to make
these suggestions to the Executive. The Exec-
utive is the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and the Navy. He, and he alone, can direct the
military force, when it is given to him for that
purpose. I do not know, of course, what are
the opinions or impressions of the President of
the United States on the subject, for I have not
conversed with him on it specifically or generally;
but I should be reluctant to make so pregnant a
suggestion to him, unless I were satisfied that
the occasion imperatively called for it, or that
there was some reason for so prompting him. I
must, for the present, therefore, object to the
consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over until to-morrow, objection being
made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to say a word
further. I certainly have intended, by this res-
olution, no personal disrespect to the President
of the United States.
Mr. MASON. None is supposed, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On the contrary, I
think the President has been very unjustly treated
for his conduct in relation to this matter; partic-
ularly in regard to the employment of military
force. I think his conduct has been misappre-
hended and unduly censured by gentlemen on
this floor. I should certainly feel reluctant to
condemn him for his action. I have accounted,
in my own mind, for his not employing General
Scott in this service. General Scott has now
grown to be an old man. The President being
his personal acquaintance, and I believe his per-
sonal friend, might feel great reluctance in order-
ing him upon su distant a service, and one com-
paratively so inferior in importance to the great
scenes in which his military life has been spent.
I thought, therefore, that a suggestion of this
kind, while it lightened any such burden as that
which the President might feel, would authorize
him at once to call on General Scott.
Sir, I do not stand here to praise General Scott.
I c.ome not to praise him, but to employ him, and
to set lum to work for the good of Ins country—
a work which I think, as long as blood runs in
his veins, he will readily and to the last gasp
perform. I want to employ him because I think
lie is asfit man for this place and this service—
exactly the man. I think the people of Kansas
will have confidence in him; he will have a great
influence for good there; but that will not be the
extent of his influence. Every step we take will
be regarded with jealousy anil suspicion if there
be the slightest ground for them. Jealousy is
very suspicious. I think General Scott will
escape that in a more eminent degree than any
other man we can send. That is the reason why I
have offered the proposition. I hope it may turn
out as the gentleman from Virginia "uppo.se*,
that the exigency which exists is not as great or as
threatening as I apprehend. I hope that he may
be correct, and that I may be wrong. But it is
better to take a precautionary step than to be dis-
appointed by any possibility in respect to such
a great matter as this. It will not be unwise in
this matter, even if we should take more stops and
provide more remedies than the result shall show
to have been necessary. We cannot have too
much providence on such a subject. We cannot
take steps of caution and safety too soon. They
do us no mischief if they turn out to be unneces-
sary. We ought to restore peace there, and we
shall have to do something which will show that
we are acting as judges and umpires with equal
impartiality ar.d justice towards all our fellow-
citizens.
I think the appointment of General Scott to a
position of this sort will have a happy effect on
the feelings which have arisen. It will be con-
sidered as a sign, an omen, a good omen for the
whole country. The President has perhaps been
restrained by the suggestions which I have men-
tioned , from calling this old soldier from his well-
deserved repose, (lying, as he does, on the bed
of honor, with the thanks, the gratitude, and the
blessings of his whole country around him,) to
go to the far wilderness in the West, for the pur-
pose of calming a little storm that seemed there
likely to arise. I presume he will do it if we pass
this resolution, and do it promptly and effectually;
and I hope and believe that it will be in full con-
currence with the feelings of the President of the
United States.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator from
Virginia will allow me, I desire to say a word
on this question.
Mr. MASON. Certainly; I withdraw my ob-
jection for that purpose.
Mr. SEWARD, I appreciate very highly,
sir—perfectly, I think—the patriotism, the jus-
tice, and the humanity which actuate the mover
of this resolution. Having expressed myself so
favorably in regard to his motives, it is perhaps
necessary that I should say that the proposition
comes to me entirely unknown and unanticipated.
When I consider the relations in which I stand
to the great subject which is involved in tha
troubles in Kansas, it seems my duty to say a
word or two by way of concession and concilia-
tion, as well as a word or two by way of caution,
in regard to this new proposition. -This I intend
to do without at all going into the nature of the
question, lest I might thereby raise difficulties in
the way of some practical mode of pacification,
either that which the honorable Senator from
Kentucky proposes, or some other which the
Senate, under the existing painful circumstances,
might deem worthy of consideration.
I think that it would be wise, and therefore
well, if the President of the United States should
be requested to place General Scott in the com-
mand of such troops as must be employed, under
existing circumstances, in Kansas, and I trust it
will be done. I understand the proposition—and
I confine myself to the distinct proposition now
before the Senate—to reach this extent and no
further, namely: that, while Congress is consid-
ering and seeking the proper plan for settling the
difficulties in Kansas, the troops which are em-
ployed there by the President shall be placed
under the command of General Scott. To that
I say Amen, with all rav heart.
At the same time, the Senate is only one branch
of the legislative department. There is another
branch which is to be consulted, and which is
concerned in the settlement of this question. It
would seem to me that it is due to the House of
Representatives, and would be calculated to render
this proceeding more successful and effectual, if
that House were invited to join us in making this
suggestion to the President of the United States.
If the House should concur, it would then come
with, practically, all the force of a law of Con-
gress—a law intrusting the preservation of the
peace in that Territory to tWts distinguished, this
illustrious citizen and hero, while Congress was
settling the terms for the final adjustment of tha
difficulty. Still, sir, though I offer this new sug-
gestion, it is not done with a willingness to even
hinder the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. If others shall differ with me, 1 shall be
willing, with all my heart, as I said before, to vote
for this resolution as a distinct act of the Senate,
acting independently and alone.
Then, again, I know how carefully, studiously,
and sincerely the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky endeavored to frame his resolution, as also
his speech in support of it, so as to hold the bal-
ance evenly between the contending parties in
Kansas, and between the contending interests in
the country by which those parties are supported.
I am sure the honorable Senator will believe me
as sincere as I acknowledge him to be, when I
say that, viewing this whole subject from a stand-
point different from that which he occupies, I
think he has not been quite successful. There-
fore, when this resolution comes up for adoption,
I shall incline, as at present advised, to strike out
the recital of the resolution, which seems to.me
not entirely impartial. That recital is unnecessa-
ry, because all the facts it states, and all the facts
in the case, are known to the President and the
world. If it shall be struck out, the resolution
then will be perfectly fair, without any assump-
tion of facts on either side of the controversy,
and so will commend itself, I think, to the unani-
mous approval of the Senate, if unanimity is to
be obtained under any circumstances, and also
to the favorable consideration of the other House,
where the opinions which are entertained on the
whole subject may be supposed to differ quite
widely from those which obtain in this branch of
the Legislature. But, as I said before, my object
being to make peace—peace quickly made, and
peace to be permanent—and to quiet all appre-
hensions of a possible continuance of this unfra-
ternal strife, I shall not insist on that amendment
as a condition of my vote for the resolution. All
I shall do will be to ask that, when we come to
acton the resolution, a motion may be considered
to strike out the preamble, and leave the resolu-
tion to stand by itself, and that I may have tha
privilege of recording my vote in favor of that
