656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
two days since. I ask that the subject be post-
poned until Tuesday, as my colleague's speech
will not be published before Monday.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the motion before
the Senate will not be postponed. I think we
can have a vote 011 that to-day. ^
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing that the vote
should be taken at once, and I will speak on the
bill to be presented by the committee.
Mr. BROWN. Let us have the documents
printed and do the speaking afterwards.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, no man
in the Senate expected less than 1 did, twenty min-
;utes ago, that I should be invol ved in any possible
way in this debate. When I called the Senator
from Illinois to order, I did it really rather as an ap-
peal to him than as an appeal to you, sir. I thought
he was engaged in an excited and a passionate I
course of argument, and was transgressing that
decorum which I had every reason to believe he,
„ as much as any one, desired should always be
observed in this body. If, afterwards, owing to
the manner in which he received this appeal on
my part, any excitement was exhibited by me,
I regret it.
But, sir, the gentleman—in a connection which
seems to give a point, if not a personality, to the
remark—has been pleased to speak, not only of
the democracy and abolitionism of his colleague, j
(questions which I leave entirely to them, and !
with which f have no affinity or connection,) but J
of what he will allow me to call by another name j
than that which he used, the American party, as i
a " miserable" set, leagued with his colleague |
and such others as supported his colleague in Ins j
election. I
Now, sir, I presume the gentleman under- !
stands—if he. does not, I wish him to understand— 1
that I concur with, and cooperate in, and am a |
member of the American party. In the connee.- |
tion in which the gentleman has been pleased to |
speak of it, 1 cannot fail to think there was some
purpose of a personal application in those re-
proaches and annunciations which it has pleased
him, in the heroism of his eloquence, to direct
against that party. 1 wish him to understand,
standing here as a gentlemah and as a Senator of
absolute independence, claiming fm his opinions
all that respect which is due to the honest opin-
ions of a freeman of this country, 1 n>pul every
denunciation of that soit, so far as it was mined
at, or was intended to embrace me, or those with
whom I am associated. I repel it with acorn—
utter scorn.
Mr. W ELLER. If ihe Senator will allow me,
I will say that the Senator from Illinois was un-
derstood on this side of the Chamber to apply the
terms which he employed to a parly known as
the Know Nothings in the State of Illinois-, and
therefore, I do not perceive how the Senator from
Kentucky could have supposed that they applied
to him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky desires (o know what I distinctly said, \
will tell him. 1 said that m Illinois—it might be
otherwise m the South—Abolitionism and Know
Nothmgism were one and the same thing. I said
that in Illinois every abolition society supported
the Know Nothing candidates, and every Know ;
Nothing lodge adopted the abolition creed, and :
those were the "miserable" factions by which
niy colleague was brought into power h< re. It i
was far, -very far, from my intention to suppose \
that the. Senatorfroin Kentucky would everuream j
that he came within that category. I know he
must have misunderstood me, or he would nevPr j
have made thai application to himself.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall proceed no '
further with the remarks I was making, i can 1
inform the gentleman that when in.- made the 1
original statement to which I alluded, he did not
add. all the qualifications which he has now af-
fixed to it. He may be assured that lie did not
make the qualifications which he now does. To
be sure, he spoke of the Know Nothings in Illi-
nois; but he imputed to them there that they had ;
adopted the entire abolition creed; andhedidnot ;
then make any distinction between the American '
party of the North or of the South. He did say
that they had ail become Abolitionists. He knows,
I am sure, that I do not belong to any &uch or-
ganization.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Kentucky
will find that every Senator here understood me
as making that distinction perfectly. I did not
speak, one way or the other, of the character of
southern Know Nothings. I leave southern gen-
tlemen to speak of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not permit such
remarks as have been made by my colleague to
go unreplied to. I shall suffer no man, here or
elsewhere, to state things in reference to me
which, if meant to apply to me, are absolutely,
totally untrue.
In the first place, as to my knowledge of the
gentleman's absence. He has alluded to a remark
made by the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,]
which, he says, notified me of his absence. That
remark was made after I had been speaking for
some time, and I replied to the Senator from
Texas that I did not know whether the gentleman
was present or not. It was not when I commenced
speaking that the Senator from Texas interrupted
me, but some time afterwards, So much for that
point.
Sir, I have been sent here by the State of Illi-
nois; and the people of that State arc not Aboli-
tionists, and the Senator knows it. The only
Abolitionists there, if we have any, reside some-
where about his own locality. In my part of the
State we have none. I am not to be driven into
the defense of cither Abolitionism or Know
Nothingism. I have nothing to do with them.
If the gentleman means to say that I am, or ever
was, a Know Nothing, or ever was, or now am,
connected with any secret political organization—
if that is his charge, it is basely—I will not violate
the rules of the Senate, but 1 will say that it is
untrue. I never was affiliated with them. When
the gentleman says the Know Nothings and
Abolitionists are one, be it so; he lives among
them. I know not what a Know Nothing lodge
ever did, and how he knows is more than 1 can
tell. Ilis means of information, assuredly, are
greater than mine.
My colleague has alluded to the Democracy of
Illinois. Sir, Illinois is, and always has been, a
Democratic State. In 1840, when a political hur-
ricane swept over the country, and Democracy
was prostrated in all the States of the Union ex-
cept seven, Illinois was one of the seven Demo-
cratic stais which survived that hurricane. As
to what Democracy in Illinois is, is a matter of
opinion between the gentleman and myself. lie
regards himself and those who act with him as
the jiure Democracy. Well, sir, it is very nat-
ural for men to luue a comfortable opinion ot
themselves. He is permitted to enjoy Ills belief.
I do not agree with him.
He hussaid that it will be news in Illinois that
1 am a Democrat. Sir, 1 live m the eighth con-
gressional disti ict of 1 llmois. After the Nebraska
bill was passed, meetings were gotten up in Illi-
nois denouncing as no Democrats men who did
not indorse the repeal of the Missouri eompro-
!| mise, which has led to all this strife and all this
'| agitation. It was resolved in these meetings that
! I no man was a Democrat, or should be supported
! j for office, who did not indorse the Kansas-Ne-
; j braska bill. 1 became a candidate for Congress
'! in the eighth distuct—a distiu t which, at the
i| piesiJential election, gave General Pierce four
! | thousand six hundred or four thousand seven
:! hundied majority for President. Is thatany evi-
'; denee of Democracy ? In that district, as the anti-
Nebraska candidate for Congress, 1 received a
majority of more than two thousand six hundred
votes. Sir, almost everybody m that district is
a Democrat. General Pierce there received nearly
five thousand majority, and I obtained two thou-
sand six hundred ; arid yet the Senator says it will
be news to Illinois to learn that 1 am a Democrat!
lie says further that he met me at Salem, and
made a pioposition for a joint resignation, which
was not answered. He'did not stay to _ hear it
answered. It was very convenient for him to be
absent. He made a speech, and cut immediately
for his tavern without staying to hear^me. He
spoke until nearly the going down of the_ sun,
when the people were wearied out. I replied to
him after night: but 1 had not the satisfaction of
seeing the gentleman's face. He left the stand
immediately after he got through. What was
his proposition? He tells us to-day what it was;
but at that time it was somewhat different. The
proposition was that he and I should sign a joint
resignation. Was not that cool? [Laughter.]
If we should resign, his particular friend, Joel
A. Matteson, the Governor of Illinois, would no
doubt give him a commission to come back at
once, and another friend of his would come with
him. If the gentleman wanted an expression of
the people of Illinois, ho had had it. What did
the people of Illinois decide in 1854? Was not
the State then agitated upon this question? Did
they not elect members of Congress by majorities
of thousands opposed to this measure which he
makes the test of Democracy ? These are matters
of record.
The gentleman says that his proposition was
that we should sign a joint resignation and go
before the people. That is as absurd as some
other propositions that have been made. Do the
people elect a Senator? Suppose they should all
vote for the gentleman or myself, would that en-
title him or me to a seat here? I have supposed
that it was the duty of the Legislature to elect
the Senators. We shall have no Legislature in
Illinois until next year. How, then, could we go
before the people? Sir, it is one of that sort of
propositions which will do to talk about. It is a
bold clap-trap declamation, and nothing else.
I did not charge that my colleague was misrep-
resenting Illinois. I said nothing about him, but
spoke my own views of the sentiments of the
people of the State. I referred to the word " ab-
olitionize," which occurs in his report. I never
spoke of the Senator's misrepresenting the State
—far from it. I trust that the decorum of debate,
that my sense of propriety—whatever might be
niy own individual opinion—would pievent me
j from making such a statement as to mycolleague.
Sir, I am not his teacher or instructor, nor have
I any right to say whether he misrepresents Illi-
nois any more than he has to say that I misrep-
resent her. Our common constituency will judge
of us both. With them I am willing to leave it.
I speak for myself alone.
The gentleman said that every Abolitionist in
the Legislature and every Know Nothing voted
for mef I do not know how to find out these
Know Nothings. If the gentleman would give
me a list of them, and would then look over the
names of those who voted for and against me, I
think he would fnid'a very different state of facts.
I really do not know who the Know Nothings
in the Legislature were, but I know this—that if
an Abolitionist is one who does not indorse the
Kansas and Nebraska hill, I did not get the votes
of ail those entertaining such views. There were
members of the Illinois Legislature who did not
vote for ino, who voted to instruct the gentleman
to favor the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise. 1 have the journals of the Legislature
with me, and could read from them, if necessary,
to show that not only members of the Illinois
Legislatuie who supported resolutions to instruct
my colleague to vote .for the restoration of the
Missouri compromise did not vote for me, but
that members who went much further, and even
were in favor of the repeal of the fugitive slave
law, did not vote for me. Then, what becomes
of the c harge th.it every Know Nothing and
Abolitionist ni the Legislature voted for mo J The
Senator had better look over the journals. He
had better examine and inform himself before he
comes heie with these wholesale declarations. I
wili bring the journals into the Senate if the
charge is repeated, and show, by the votes of the
members of the Legislature on resolutions before
that body, that many of them who supported a
resolution declaring that the Senator deserved
the reprehension of the House for disturbing the
Missouri compromise, declined to vote for me.
I have never proposed the restoration of the Mis-
souri compiomise, and do not design doing so,
though I should vote for it with pleasure, if of-
I] fered by others, and should be glad to see the
ij question settled by its reinstatement.
j! 1 have thought it necessary to say thus much
to repel these onslaughts and statements in regard
II to those who supported me. How does the gen-
;j tieman know who was a Know Nothing? 1 do
j i not know. Does he mean that men in the Illinois
i' Legislature who voted to repeal or to change the
, i naturalization laws are Know Nothings, and that
I' I got all their votes ? If that is what is meant, it
>' is not true.
11 Now, let me say that I know nothing of the
I! interior arrangements of the Know Nothings.
|| That they voted for me may or may not be true,
li I know not. In my part of the State there are
