1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
sustaining such a system? You may attach that [
provision to a bill as well as they. If you had I
sought to amend their bill by saying to what |
particular purpose the money which it appropri- j
ati-il should be applied, 1 do not suppose any- i
body would have doubted your power to do it. I I
say there is no difference between one body and i
'be other on this point of power. If you had the :
disposition, you had the same power, right, and ;
authority to insist v.-iih the same pertinacity on ;
som'' such provision as the House of Represent- ;
a!iv<.„; and when the biil went down to them I
they could contend about dictation and revolution I
and usurpation as well as you, and the cry would ;
be as well founded in argument and in fact. |
ings of a free people, if we had taken the initia-
tive, and not thrown it upon the House.
There is no constitutional question involved,
for most assuredly they who give the money—
this body as well as the House—can say to the
Executive, " When you use this money for the
Army, you may use it for that regiment or this
regiment, if you please, in such quantities as you
please; but you shall withhold it from those whose
authority we do not a< knowledge. We see that
those to whom you will probably pay this money
do not sustain the capacity which they claim, and
which you, tiie Executive, intend to clothe them
with." Have we not the power—has not the
House the power, or either branch the power—
to restrain the executive arm from such an ap-
The House of Representatives have put this;,
provision in their bill. No doubt it is proximate, j plication of money as this? I cannot doubt it.
jt is legitimate, it is germane to the subject, when j I glory in the fact that the House, conscious of
they appropriate money, to say how it shall be 1 ' '
applied and how it shall not be applied. May]
they not say it shall not be applied in payment of 11
him who claims to be acting under authority of 1 not lie down longer and be domineered over by
of
their rectitude—conscious of the importance of
their branch in the weight and balance of the Con-
stitution, have for once asserted that they will
the United States, when in fact he is not ? Suppose
a pirate, or arobberatid his band, should claim to j
be officers of the G' enera I Governmen t, and suppose ' J
you had an Executive so perverse that he notonly ;
favored this band, but you feared that, if you put j
money in his hands, lie would pay them as part
and parcel of his Army, would you not have the '
power—would not the Senate have the power to |
put in o proviso, saying, " We will vote for your
Ani'y appropriations, but nevertheless no portion
of the money shall be applied to pay this piratical
band who claim to be acting under the authority
of the United States?" Have you no such power
as that? What use is there in having a House of
Representatives if you sit here to dictate on what . j
principle they shall giant money ? If tiiey must |
swallow your views whole, or be guilty of rcvo- ,!
lution, what becomes of your Constitution? I
ask, Mr. President, has it come to this, that the j
House of Representatives is so imbecile under
the Constitution, that you must set yourselves up
here as the arbiters of all things, and dictate to
them precisely what provisions their appiopria- '<
tion bills shall contain, and if they do not favor
your fancies, you will defeat the most solemn
appropriation bill that can be framed"' You are
willing to go to the people on this issue ! So am I. ;
I glory in taking it to the people. 1 know what 1
they will say, whe/i I put the question to them,
<! Was this proviso under the circumstances un- !
reasonable—was it unreasonable to ask the Ex- j
ecutive not to pay money to those who were
guilty of crime in usurping authority over their
fellow-citizens, and claiming to rule them with
a rod of iron, and with such laws as we have
seen here?" Was it not proper that the House
of Representatives or the Senate, either, or both
together, should say to the President, " You may ,
have ample money for your Army in every part
of the United States—yea, even in Kansas; but j
you shall not expend it for the purpose of carry- :
ing into effect these miserable pretenses called j
laws; they are not laws; we have proved they :
are not; you shall not harass mankind, and the
people of the Territory, under color of that which
■we all know is usurpation and not law."
That is called a matter of revolution, and cftuses
men here to stand aghast and talk of ihe dissolu- •
tion of the Union as a consummation just at luand .
Why, sirs, are you pertinacious on tins? Are
you determined, come what may, Army or no
Army, Constitution or no Constitution, that these
laws, which you claim you have branded as lnfa-
rnous, shall be carried out by the money you ap-
propiiate for the Army of the United States? is
there anything so very unreasonable m the House
saying that laws, winch you pretend to assert you
have branded as mtamous, shall not be executed ?
anybody. In my judgment, the time for that
determination has come, and gloriously have they
vindicated the Constitution. I hope they will
stand by their colors. I hope that, instead of an
undignified contest here with the House, who
have just as much independence and right to act
as we have, and no more I grant—both parties
having expressed, in unwavering and unmistak-
able language, their determination on this prin-
ciple, will let it rest until the people dictate how |
this power shall be executed 1
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays II; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see. Benjamin, Busier, ISrigllt, Biodliead, Clay, Crittenden,
Dilrkee, Foster, Geyer, lioiMon. tverson. Jones of Tennes-
see, Pratt, Sevvaid, Stidelt, Stuart, Toueey, Trumbull,
Wade, Welter, Wriglit, and Vulee—25
NAYS—Messrs. Biijrs, Drown', Butler, Cass, Dodse,
Harlan, Mason, Pugli, Iteid, Thompson of Kentucky, and
WTils>on—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 23, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STATIONERY FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that each
member be allowed stationery for the present
session to the amount of ten dollars.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. We have nothing before us,
and I move that the House take a recess for an
hour.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be enter-
tained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is not the motion I made
one of privilege? We must have stationery tor
the discharge of our duties.
The SPEAKER. There is a standing order
under which the House has acted. That order
regulates the amount of stationery for each mem-
ber. The resolution of the gentleman from Ohio
changes that order, and is, in tne opinion of the
Chair, not in order, unless by unanimous con-
sent. .
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What is the standing
older?
The SPEAKER. It will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
ks Rcsnlre'l. That the allowance e> each inejiber of the
' Hou--e (or stationery and otli
I do not urge it because it comes from the House.
I wish to Heaven it could emanate from this body
instead of waiting for the House. 1 regret ex-
ceedingly that we" have compelled the House to
take the initiative in this great conservative meas-
ure of peace. I wish the Senate had done it.
I wish we had firmly said, all of us, to the Ex-
ecutive, "You cannot be permitted to go on; you
cannot connive at these crimes; you shall not
connive at the pretended execution o( these
called laws, which are not such.'' Sir, we should
have done tins. 1 believe it would have oeen
more honorable to us, and would have drawn
down on the legislation of this branch the biess-
ntictrs eharg-'d to them liv
the PcKtiiia-ter, tie limited to ttie sum ot tom-rivo doliais
for the toil!;, and twenty-tive dollars loi the -iee t. session of
eaeh Conyri's-."
Mr. COBB. I suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio to modify his motion, so that it will stand
that not more than ten dollars he allowed to mem-
bers at this session for stationery. I presume
there will be no objection to that.
vuu , Mr. SMITH, of'Virginia. Does the resolution
shall "not ' just read allow anything in the shape oi station-
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the resolution.
Mr. McQUEEN. 1 object to any resolution
which provides for any compensation for mem-
bers at this session.
PAY TO AN ABSENT MEMBER.
Mr. KELLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Speaker ofthi.* Rome he. and he ia
hereby, requested to draw hi?! warrant m favor of Thomas
chh,i s, the uiHinher fioni the s*'ventt> district of New
York, ror the full amount of hi? per <itom and mileage to
the lbih m-tant; a  d tin; Seryeam-at-Auns of tilth House
is hereby direeied to transmit the to said Ohilds.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know the
facts about that case.
Mr. KELLY. After he was elected, Mr.
Childs was taken seriously ill, and from the time
he was taken sick until the present time he has
been unable to leave his bed. I understand that
his family are in a destitute condition, 1 know
the gentleman well; and 1 think it is nothing but
justice that he should be paid, especially as the
House, under similar circumstances, authorized
the payment of mileage and perdiem to the widow
of Mr. Miller, of Missouri.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Under the recent
law is he not entitled to compensation?
Mr. McMULLlN. I believe this Congress
has made a similar allowance to the unfortunate
widow of the deceased member from Missouri,
Mr. Miller. It strikes me that the House did right
j in that case; and if so, I hope the House will also
do justice in this case. The circumstances are
not precisely the same, it is true, as the gentle-
man from Missouri unfortunately died. Itseems
to me that the House will not do justice in with-
holding the appropriation.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. At the commence-
ment of this session 1 offered a resolution of in-
quiry; but it was objected to because members
were determined that no business should-be done
except such as pertained to the Army appropria-
tion bill. 1 object to this resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 did not hear the resolution
of the gentleman from New York read, but my
impression is, that it is contrary to the law in
reference to compensation of members, passed a
few days since upon the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] My recollec-
tion of that act is, that it provides expressly that
no member shall at any time receive anything for
his services unless he has taken lus seat in the
House of Representatives. [Cries of "No!"
"No!"] .
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my objection.
No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. WHEELER. I call the previous ques-
tion. . ,
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. A law waa
passed a few days since in reference to the com-
pensation of members of Congress. That law
expressly provides for cases of this description.
It provides that where a member who has not
been sworn in dies, he shall not be entitled to
compensation.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded; and debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied to be put.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the resolution.
! The yeas an#nays were not ordered.
! The resolution was agreed to.
| Mr. KELLY moved to reconsider the vote by
I which the resolution was agreed to; and also
I moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
; table; which' latter motion was agreed to. _
Mr. STEPHENS). Is there not a resolution
of the Senate lying upon the table, in reference
to confining our action during this session sim-
ply to the subjects upon which we were con-
^The SPEAKER. There is a joint resolution
of the Senate in reference to a suspension of the
21st joint rule. , .
Mr. STEPHENS. Is there no otner resolu-
tion upon the Speaker s table?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
erv at an extra session.
The SPEAKER. This ts the second session;
and it is impossible for the Chair to determine
whether this is a short session or not. LLaugii-
ter.]
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcry Dickins, their Secretary, infornunr '
House that the Senate had passed a bill ol
the
the
