1858.1
APPfeNblfe Ufr tlife GbNGRE^lQ^Al.
64*
34th Coirt.—lst Sess.
Tkt Crncirinati Platform—Mr. Carliti.
Ho. of Reps.
A person who, by a pro-slavery packed jury,
Is convicted of aiding m persuading out of the
Territory a slave belongingto another, is to suffer
at least tieice as stvert a penalty as he who is con-
victed of committing the vilest outrage that the
mind of man can conccive of on the person of
your wife, sister, or daughter! Nay, the con-
trast is still stronger. Tne jury, in the first in-
stance, are authorized even to inflict the punish-
ment of death—in the latter, see page 208, the
penalty is " not less than five years." Such is
the contrast in Kansas between the protection of
a wife's or daughter's honor and happiness, and
that which is thrown as a protecting aegis over
the property of the slaveholder!
Again, on page 208, you will find that the ruf-
fean who commits malicious mayhem, that is,
without provocation, knocks you down in the
Street, cuts off your nose and ears, and plucks
out your eyes, is punished "not less than five
nor more than ten years;" the same degree of
punishment that is meted out in section seven of
the above act, page 605, oh a person who should
aid, or assist, or even "harbor'" an escaped
BIBVC ! L
On page 909, you will find that the man who sits
tit yourbedside, Whert you are rrrostratedby dis-
ease, and, taking advantage of your confidence
and helplessness, administers poison to you, but
whereby death does not happen to ensue, is to be
punished "not less than five nor more than ten
years," though it is murder in the heart, if not the
deed. And this is precisely the same penalty as
that prescribed by the eleventh section (quoted in
iny remarks above, on the five violations of the
Constitution) against one who but brings into the
Territory any book, paper, or handbill, contain-
ing any "sentiment" "calculated," in the eyes of
a pro-slavery jury, to make slaves "disorderly."
The man who takesinto the Territory Jefferson's
Notes on Virginia, can be, under this law, hurried
away to the chain gang, and manacled, arm to
arm, with the mur&erous poisoner.. ,
On page 2i0, the tiinagping and confinement of
a free white person, for any purpose, even, if a
man, to sell hiin into slavery, or if a Woman, f6r
a still baser purpose, is to be punish^cl "not ex-
ceeding ten years." Decoying and enticing away
a child under twelve years of age, from its parents,
"not less than si* months, ana not exceeding five
years." But decoying and entunng away (mark
the similarity of the language) a slave from his
master, is punished by death, or confinement, no
less than ten years. Here is the section, phge 604:
"Sec. 4. If say person shall <*&«, rfteoy, or cany sway
out of this Territory, any slave betoo^sg to another, with
intent to deprive (tie owner thereof of the services of such
■lave, or with intent to effect or procure the freedom of
such slave, he shall be adjudged p8ty of grand larceny,
and, en conviction thereof, shall suffer death, «r be im-
prisoned at hartI Labor for not lea than ten years."
I had hoped to find time to. cite and comment
upon other sections in this code, but I will quote
but one more, showing that, whQe a wMte man is
compelled to serve out the penalty of his crime,
at hard labor, these slaveholding legislators have,
in their great regard for the value of the slave's
labor to his master, enacted that a stave, for the
tame offense, shall be whipped, and then returned
to him. Here is the section, which I commend
to the consideration of those who, while defend-
ing these laws, nickname the Republicans " nig-
ger-worshipers." It is found on page 252:
"Sec. 27. If any slave shall commit petit larceny, or
tiKall steal any neat cattle, sheep, or hog, or be gnitty of any
Misdemeanor, or other offense punishable under the provis-
' tons of this act only by fine or imprisonment in a county jail,
or by both such fine and imprisonment, he shall, instead of
such punishment, be punished, if a male, by stripes on his
bare back not exceeding thirty-nine, or if a female, by ita-
prisonment in a connty jail not exceeding twenty-one days
or by stripes not exceeding twenty-one, at the discretion of
the justice."
Such, sir, is an impartial analysis of the code
of Kansas, every allusion to which has been
proven by extracts from the official copy now in
my hand, and in quoting which I have referred,
in every instance, to the page, the number of the
section, and its exact words; and I think that the
itrong language at the outset of my remarks, in
which 1 denounced this disgraceful and tyrannical
code, has been fully justified by the proofs I have
laid before you from its pages. Let it not be
forgotten, $lr. Ch&irtnan, tnat it ib because the •
people df Kansas—an overwhelming majority of
the'actual settlers there—refuse to obey these
enactments passed by a body of men elected by
armed mobs of invaders—that they have been
delivered over to persecutions without parallel,
and to all the horrors of civil war.
Had I time, I would desire to refer to the his-
tory of events in that Territory'; to the reckless
and ruthless violation of plighted faith in the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, which opened
the door for legislation like this; to the entire
absence of any protection by the President to the
settlers against personal outrage; to the repeated
invasions by which the whole machinery of
legislation was usurped, but the fruits of which
the President upholds by cannon and bayonet,
with proclamations and penalties; to the causes
which led to the civil war that has existed in that
Territory; to that most aggravating of all insults
by which the very, Jones wno headed, an invading
party of Missourians at one of the polls, ana
with his revolver at the breast of an election judge,
gave him five minutes to resign or die, was com-
missioned as a sheriff, to ride booted and spurred
over the people whose rights he had thus assisted
in striking down;—and many other things that
make the blood of the great mass of freemen at
the North course, as it never before coursed,
through their veins. But I must allude, before
concluding, to the mockery of relief held out to
the people by the President and his coadjutors.
In his special message to Congress, on the 27th
of January last, the President thus spoke:
" Our system affords no justification of revolutionary acts;
for the constitutional means of relieving the. people of
Unjust .administrations and law?, by a change of public
agents and by repeal, are ample."
. Arid in his speech, as reported in the Unipn of
June 10, made to. the Buchanan ratification meet-
ing., who marched to the White House, he coolly
told them: .
,, " TJiere Will your pait, no appeal t©: unworthy
passions, no inflammatory calls for asecond revolution, like
those which are occasionally reported as coming from men
tato have received nothing at the hands of their Government
but protection andpolitical blessings, no declaration of re-
sistance to the laws of the land."
But I .will nit stop to aBude to tlie " protection
and political blespings" which the people of Kan-
sas have received from the " hands of their Gov-
ernment." It was bitter irony indeed.
Judge pouglas, too, at tne same meeting,
speaking of the Kansas laws, declared as follows:
. " Or, if they deeir^.to have any pf the laws repealed, let
them try to carry their point at the potts, and let the majority
decide the question."
Never, sir, was there a more signal instance of
" holding the word of promise to the ear, and
breaking it to the hope." Where are the "ample"
mean's of obtaining relief from the unendurable
tyranny that grinds down the free-State men of
Kansas into the dust? How can they " carry
their point at the polls ?" Let facts answer:
1. The Council, which passed these laws, has
extended its term of service till 1858; so that, if
the entire representative branch was unanimous
for their repeal, the higher branch has the power
to, prevent the slightest change in them for two
long years!
2. The free-State men in Kansas are absolutely
shut out from the polls by test-oaths, which no
one with the soul of a freeman, who traces all the
outrages there directly to the enactment of the
Nebraska bill, can conscientiously swear to.
3. Evert iif they do go there, and swear to
sustain the Nebraska biB and the fugitive slave
law, the election law is purposely framed, as 1
have shown, to invite invasions of Missourians,
to control the elections in favor of slavery.
4. They are driven from the jury-box as well
as disfranchised, and prohibited from acting as
attorneys in the courts, unless they take the test
oath prescribed bytheir conquerors. .
5. Free speech is not tolerated. They aire, left
"perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way," except, if they
speak a word against slavery, they are' convicted
of felony and hurried to the. chain-gang.
6. The presses in the Territory, at Leaven-
worth and Lawrence, in favor of freedom, have
been destroyed, and the two last by authority of
the court of Judge Lecompte, thus " crushing
out" the freedom of the press.
7. Indictments are found by packed juries
tigkinSt every prominent free State citizen; and
those who are not forced to flee from the Terri-
tory are arrested and imprisoned; while those
who have stolen from free-State men, tarred and
feathered them, burned their houses, or murdered
them, go at large unpunished.
In such a state of affairs as this, to talk of going
to the polls and having the laws repealed is worse
than a mockery. It is an insult. It is like binding
a man hand and foot, throwing him into the river,
and telling him to swim on shore and he will be
saved. It is like loading a man with irons, and
then telling him to run for his life. The only
relief possible, if Kansas is not promptly admit-
ted as a State, which I hope may be effected, is
in a change of the Administration and of the party
that so recklessly misrules the land; and that will
furnish an effectual relief.
As I look, sir, to the smiling yalleys and fertile
i pl&ins of Kansas, and witness there the sorrow-
ful scenes of civil war, in which, when forbear-
ance at last ceased to be a virtue, the free-State
men of the Territory felt it necessary, deserted as
they were by their Government, to defend their
lives, their families, their property, and their
hearthstones, the language of'one of the noblest
statesmen of the age, uttered six years ago at the
other end of this Capitol, rises before my mind.
I allude to the great statesman of Kentucky,
Henry Clay. And while the,party which, while
he lived, lit the torch of slander at every avenue
of his private life, and libeled him before the
American people l?y every epithet that renders
man infamous, as a gambler, debauchee, traitor,
and enemy of his country, are now engaged in
shedding fictitious tears over his grave, a;nd ap-
pealing to his old supporter^, to aid by their votes
in shielding them from the indignation of an up-
risen people, I ask them to read this language of
his, which comes to us as from his tomb to-day.
With the change of but a single (geographical
J word in the place of " Mexico," hpw prophetic-
. ally does it apply, to the very scenes and issues
of this year!. And who can doubt with what party
he would stand in the coming campaign, if he
, was restored to us from.the damps of the grave,
( when they read the following, which fell fr<*rn Iiis
lips in 1850, and with which, thanking the House
for its attention, I conclude my remarks:
" But if, unhappily, we should be involved in wfcr, in
civil war, between the two paits of this Confederacy, in
which the effort upon the one side should be to restrain the
introduction, of .sleoery mto tha neio Territories,-and upon
the other tide,to force its introduction, there, what a spec-
tacle should we present fo the astonishment of mankind,
in an effort, not to propagate rights, but—1 must say it,
though I trust it will be understood to be said with no de-
sign to excite feeling—a war to propagate wrongs in the
Territories thus acquired from Mexico ! It would be a war
in which we should have no sympathies, no good wishes—in
which all mankind would be against us ; for, from the com-
mencemrnt nf the Revolution down to the present time,
we have constantly rcprtbacheil our British ancestors for tlie
introduction of slavery into this country."
tub cincinnati platform.
SPEECH Of MR.ToHN S. CARLILE,
op virginia,
In the House of Representatives,
June 21, 1856,
Upon the issues involved in the pending Presidential can-
vass; delivered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CARLILE said: ,
Mr. Chairman: I propose, with the pfertnissioh
of the committee, to examine some resolutions
recently adopted by a convention in Cincinnati,
which resolutions constitute what is commonly
called the Cincinnati platform; and shall, as I go
along, look a little into the record to ascertain, if
I can, the political whereabouts of the presiden-
tial nominee of that convention, in order that it
may be contrasted with the professions of the last
twelve months of the faction which supports him,
(I use the word faction in the sense in which it
' has been defined by Mr. Madison;) and then, if
my time shall allow, I will endeavor to show that
there is at this time but one party in the benefi-
cial sense of the word in this country.
" By faction," says Mr. Madison, in the Fed-
eralist, " I understand a number of citizens,
