18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 22.
House (No. 578) malting appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857, with an amendment, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
By unanimous consent the House proceeded to
the consideration of bill (H. R. No. 578) making'
appropriation for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857,with the Sen-
ate amendment thereto; the question being on the
amendment of the Senate to strike out the pro-
viso relating to Kansas.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 94, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Baiksdnle, "Bell, Henri-
ley S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, Jolih P. Campbell, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Cruigo, Ciaw-
fout, Cuilen, IVivicUon, Henry Winter Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Elliott, Etheitdi:e,Ku;>tis, Evans, Faulkriei, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Hurim, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hickman,
lloflman, Hou-ton, Jewett, Gcoige W.Jones*, J. Clancy
Jones, Kelly, Ktdwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin",
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall. Maxwell, MeMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Million, On. Packer, Peek, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quit-
man, Hieaud, Rive is Ratlin, llust, Sandulge, Snv.t^e,
Reward. Shorter. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott,
Taylor, Tit[ipe, Undciwood, Vail. Valk, Walkei, Watnoi,
Wheeler. Whitney, Williams, Win-low, Daniel 15, Wright,
John V. Wnjiht, and Zolheoflcr— 94.
NAYS — Messis. Alhusht, Allison, Bnibour. Barclay,
Henry Bennetl, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Buid-luiu,
Jame-> 11. Campbell, Lewis i). Campbell, Chalice, B.iyaid
Ciaike, Ezra Cl.itk, Clawson, Colfax, Comuis, Cov'ode,
Craspn,Cumlwk,Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, |)c Win,
Dick, ftteknon, Dodd, Durl'ee, Edie, Edwards, Rnme, Flatr-
ler, Giddings Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robett B. Hall,
Harlan, iloiloway.Thomas It. Hoi ton, llowaid, Hugh«.ton,
Kel.-ey, King, Knapp, Kmglit, Knowlion, Knox, Kunkel,
Loiter, M ec, Matte-on, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Motgan,
Morrill, Mott, Muriay, Nichols Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pungle, Purvi-
B. W.i-hbunie, Lr.u-1 W.iyhbuin, Welch, Wood, Woodruff,
ami Woodwork—UO.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the cnII of the roll,
Mr. BINGHAM said: He fore casting my vote
I wish to say, that previously to my leaving the
city I had paired oft wiih Mr. (Tali., of Iowa—
by an agreement in wrmncf — till the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1 believe. After the writing was made Mr.
Ham. requested me to agree, thai if at any tune
he would be lien.- and I not, he might substitute
any other gentleman as pairing oil* with me, who
would be satisfactory to Ins colleague, Mr. Tiior-
ington, and that I might do the same if I were
present and he absent. After the paper was
signed, this arrangement, as stated, wns entered
into, and reported to Mr. Thoringtok. As 1
am present and anxious to vote, I have, with the
consent of his colleague, Mr. Thoiungtok, paired
off Mr. Ham. with Mr. Burmngame, of Massa-
chusetts. [Murmurs of disapprobation from the
other side of the House, and cries of {* Not fair,"
(4 Read tho paper," &c.]
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would like*o ask the gen-
eman how long Mr. Durlingai
during this session ot Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no kind of trouble
in the world about this thing, because Mr. Thor-
ington was made an umpire between us as to
thenerson I might substitute—and he is satisfied.
[Cries of" Read the paper."!
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I vote « no."
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Halt., who
sits beside mo, placed in my hands, when he left,
a paper containing an agreement to pair ofl' with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam.] Air.
Hall returned to this city, and was here one
week before the adjournment of Congress. He
was desirous of voting; but, owing to the fact that
the gentleman from Ohio had not returned, he at
last determined to leave the day before the ad-
journment; but it was his intention then, if he
could have been retaas< d by the return of the
gentleman from Ohio, to have remained in his
place and voted. Under these circumstances, it
strikes me that it would be inequitable and im-
proper for the gentleman from Ohio to substitute
another in the place of Mr. Hall.
Mr. BINGHAM. I say to the gentleman that
there is no inequity in doing that which was ex-
pressly agreed to be done.
Several Members. Read the writing.
Mr. BINGHAM. The writing has nothing to
do with it. This agreement to substitute was
made after the writing was signed.
Mr. FLORENCE. It has been circulated in
all the newspapers that Mr#BuitUNGAME had left
for the entire session, to make political speeches.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for gen-
tlemen to indulge in conversation across the
Hail.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I raise the point of order,
that it is not in order for any gentleman to indulge
in explanation or debate while the roll is being
called.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is clearly
well taken.
Mr. SAGE. 1 desire that these notices of
pairing off may be all entered on the Journal,
with a view of having carried into effect the clause
of the compensation act providing for adeduction
of the pay of members when absent—that tho
House may have a record of the members paired i
off, and tho reasons assigned for such pairing.
I voted for the compensation bill to reform the
abuse of pairing off, and if I cannot now obtain
unanimous consent to have the entry made on the
Journal which I have asked for, I give notice to
the House that I shall move a suspension of the
rules, at the first opportunity, for the purpose of
introducing an additional rule, to piovide for the
enteiing of the names of all members that have
paired off, the date of the pair, and the reasons
assigned for their pairing.
The SPEAIvER. It is hardly a question which
can interrupt the call of the roil.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I am Mr. Hall's
room-mate; and if the House allow me, I will
suite—[Calls to "Order!"]—ah, they are afraid
of the truth. Thev will not let the facts come out.
Mr. BURNETT stated that he and Mr. Perky
had paired off in the event of an extra session
being held, and that Mr. Caruihkrs and Mr.
Sherman had paired off; but th.it by a mutual
arrangement—he and Mr. Shkrmvn being both
present—they had paired off Mr. Carutiiers and
Mr. Perry. He voted "ay."
Mr. RUST said that he had seen it stated in
the Washington Union of this morning, that
Mr. Gkki''n*wood had left last night in conse-
quence of indisposition in his family, and had
paired off with Mr. 1 of New York,
who had voted on this question. Not being m
the city when his colleague left for his home, he
had had no communication from him on the sub-
ject. lie believed, m the first place, that his
colleague never would have left his place at a
crisis like the present without pairing oil; and in
the next place, he knew he would not have author-
ized that publication unless it were true.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. 1 will state
to the House, that on Monday, just before the
tiain left, Mr. Greenwood met me accidentally,
and told me that he must leave that day, on ac-
count of his wife's health, and wanted to pair
off, and asked me to pair oil' with him on all
questions relative to Kansas. I told him, that if
I were here 1 should desire to vote; but that if
he wished I would pair him off wiih some one
(on the Kansas question) on our side, who might
wish to be absent. He a^ked me to do so, and
to announce it to the House, so that he would
stand right on the record. He said it would be
a personal favor to lum, and I agreed to do so—•
or not vote myself. I have acted precisely in
accordance with my understanding of the con-
versation with him, and have paired him off with
Mr. Me vchaw, of Vermont.
Air. RUST. 1 had no communication with
Mr. Greenwood in regard to the matter; but I
ask the gentleman from New York, whether Air.
Meaciiam was here when he paired him off?
Air. BENNETT. Air. Meaciiam was not
here, but had left a request with the gentleman
from Connecticut sitting next to me, to be paired
off in the same way precisely. This was left
with me by Mr. Greenwood.
Mr. RUST. And you paired off Mr. Green-
wood with a person who was already absent,
and who would not have been here even if he had
not been paired off.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman from Con-
necticut, Air. Clark, was authorized to pair off
Mr. Meaciiam if he could, so that he need not
come back. If not paired off, he would have been
sent for, and might have been here; but instead
of telegraphing to him, and requiring Mr.
Meaciiam io come back here, I assented to pair
off Mr. Greenwood with him. It was a fair
pair, and in accordance with my understanding
with Mr. Greenwood, as I think it, in all re-
spects; otherwise I should not have voted. Both
were absent at the time.
Mr. THOPUNGTON. I ask "permission to
make an explanation in relation to the ahsenco of
my colleague. Air. Hall.
Objection was made.
Alr.THORINGTON. I withdraw my request. ,
Air. CASKIE asked leave to record his vote.
He was within the bar when the name of Mr.
Cobb—a few names below his own on the list—•
was called.
Objection was made.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate was non-concurred in; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays on the
latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 95; as'follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Albught, Athlon, Baibour, Barclay,
llftnry Bennett, Benson, Biihnghui^t, Bingham, Bt-hop,
Bh.--«, BttuKhaw, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
(Jhailee, Bavaid Clarke, Ezra Ckuk, Claw^on, Colfax,
Comms, Covodo, Cnmm, Cumback, Damrell, Timofhy
I)a\is, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
r.dvvanU, Enirie, Flagler, Gnldmgs Giiheif, Gi anger, Giow,
Tlobeit B. Hall, Hailan, Uollovvay, Thomas 11. lloiton,
llowaid, Hiigh^ton, Kebey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matte^on, MeCaity,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Mm ray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Ohvei, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit,
Pike, Prmgie, Puiviance, Ritchie, Roberts, P^obWon, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stran-
ahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tratton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbiidge, Waldion, Cadwalader C.
Wa-hbuine, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wa&hburn,
Welch. Wood, WoodmlF, and Woodworth—97.
NA YS—• Messt--;. Aiken, Alters, Bark^dale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell. Caskie, Chnginan,
Howell Uohh, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Craw-
lord, Cuilen. Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Elliott, Etheridire, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Moruson Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L, Harris, Haven, Hickman,
llortm.w, Houston, Jewell, Geoi^e W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Ktdwell, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Mar-hall, Maxwell, MeMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Million, Oir, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell. Quit-
man, Kicand, Rivers Rullin, Rust, Ramhdge, Savage,
Sewatd, Shorter, Samuel A. Simih, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewait, Swope, Talbott,
Tavloi, Tuppe, Underwood. Vad, Valk, Walker, Warner,
Wheeler, Wlnlaey, Williams, Winslow, Darnel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicolfer—95.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
- PERSONAL.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the ear of the House
for a single moment. I do so, sir, in order that
the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Buklin-
ga.mf., and myself may be placed right before the
House and the country.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. HARLANj I object.
Mr. WALKER. It is due to myself as well
as to Mr. Burlingame that the correction should
be made. There will be nothing offensive in the
explanation. It will be in perfect good humor.
Air. IIARLAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the Clerk to read the
extract which I have sent to his desk. It is from
a speech purporting to have been deliveied by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Burlin-
game.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"I call on all those who cany the flag, and under all
circuin-tuuces e keep step to the music of the Union,' to
pioteet the cause of freedom—support U when the South
spits in your face and spurns you, and when even old
Kentucky vecis away from jour side—when your Percy
Walkers, like mean hounds and dogs, deseit you after
all you have done for them."
Mr. WALKER. The Clerk will now read
