658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
to whom I have referred, with other Senators,
and with members of the other House, in send-
ing forth to the peopie of the United States an
address, exposing the true character of that prop-
osition, predicting much of the evil which has
since ensued. That address was extensively cir-
culated throughout the country, printed in nu-
merous newspapers, much discussed on this floor,
more than once pressed into debate by the Sena-
tor from Illinois himself. Itschagicteris known
in this Chamber. It is also known to the coun-
try. I stood by it then; I am ready to stand by
it now. That was the address which was is-
sued; but the Senator has not simply chosen to
characterize that address. He has pioceeded to
say that the Senator from Massachusetts obtained
the delay "in order" to circulate "alibel"upon
him, referring to that address. Now, sir, I have
to say that I joined in obtaining that delay on no
such grounds, with no such idea, and not having
in my mind at the time the fact that the address
was to be issued.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. Notwithstanding the denial
"of the truth of the allegation, the Senator from
Massachusetts states that he did sign the address
—that he did appeal to lrty personal courtesy in
connection with the Senator from Ohio, to gi:t a
postponement of it. He admits the whole state-
ment, but he insists that the address was a truth-
fill exposition, instead of a libel.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think the Senator
appreciated my statement. I said, I did liotjoin
in any such request "111 order" to obtain time to
issue the address; for that is the allegation which
I took down from the Senator's speech.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall merely state the facts,
and then the Senate may judge. The Senator
from Massachusetts came to my seat 
Mr. SUMNER,. There again is a mistake;. It
was the Senator fiom Ohio who went to your
seat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is true the Senator from
Ohio came to my seat, and it appears that the
Senator from Massachusetts knows the fact.
Mr. SUMNlill. It was alluded to m debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. About two minutes after-
wards the Senator from Massachusetts cane: to
my seal. They both ask( d a postponement for
one week, for the reason that I hey had not had
time to read and examine the bill, and that from
their position they would lie under the necessity
of entering into the discussion of it fully. On that
statement of the views of the .Senators I gave
them a week's time; but the next day 1 found
out that, prior to that request, they had written
this " full exposition" of the bill, punted it,and
sent it broadcast all over the country. They
asked time to examine a bill winch they professed
to have expounded fully, thoroughly, truthfully,
and which exposition the Senator now indorses.
Then it was a false statement that they had not
had tithe to examine the bill. That is what 1
complained of. It was that false statement which
procured the act of courtesy. That f.icl 1 tin not
understand to be denied. Tle-y procured the
postponement on the statement that they had not
iiad time to examine the bill!
Whether the address alluded tn is aliltej omot,
in the Senator's judgment, depends on his opin-
ions of what a libel is. It attributed to me the
base purpose of introducing the measure for pei-
sonal aggrandisement, and not from a sense of
duty. It seems that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts does not consider it deiogatory to the 1
iharactcr of n gentleman to lie governed by un-
woithy motives, by base pmposes, by unpatriotic,
objects. lie does not deem this unworthy of a
gentleman; and hence he thinks the chaige is not '
a libel. With that understanding of the character
and duties of a gentleman, he may be right m
saying that iie does not regard it as a libel; but
with my understanding of the duties ot'a gentle-
man and a Senator, I regard it as a gross libel.
But, ssr, 1 do not wish Io pursue this contro-
versy. I refeired to the matter incidentally. I !
'"did at the time, within one week after the address |
was issued, make the chaige boldly; and ( only
alluded nuw incidentally to a matter which had
long sincc btcome a historical fact. I
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have, no j
contest on tljis floor, or anywhere, with the Sen- .
ator from Illinois, ps to the character of a gentle-1
wan. Sir, this Senate shaii decide whether the j
Senator from Illinois is a proper judge in such a i
case. The Senator has alluded to facts. I answer
on facts. Look at the debates at that time—-see
what I said, and judge me by it. It is true I
asked for a delay m the discussion of that bill,
and on patriotic grounds, sincerely, because I
desired it for a proper discussion of so great a
question. It is not true that I left my seat to
speak to the Senator from Illinois on the subject,
nor did a word fall from me in regard to it, ex-
cept in open debate, on the floor, as is reported
in the Globe.
Now, as to the character of the address—the
Senator has chosen to revive that ancient matter.
He had better go, perhaps, to the siege of Troy
and revive that again. I had supposed that tale
had passed away, but it seems a "twice-told
tale" may be brought forth here to serve the per-
sonal asperities of the Senator from Illinois. I
have no freshness of recollection of the peculiar
language of the address. The Senator seems to
have quoted words or phrases from it. I know
nothing of them. I leave that address, however,
to take care of itself—it is on the records of the
debates of this body—it is before the country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not going to prolong
this controversy. I am not going to make an
issue on tho point of which the Senator speaks.
T desire simply to say that ho did state, 011 the
occasion alluded to—and now he has not the as-
surance to deny—that the reason for asking the
delay was that ho had not had time to read tho
bill, and the fact is, that he had previously
franked oil" a labored " exposition " of it.
JMr. SUMNER. I of coursc will not suggest
that the Senator has any desire to misrepresent
the facts. If the Senator remembers that address,
I fhink he will now boar in mind that die whole
address was predicated upon tho first bill reported
in this body, and not upon the last; that the ad-
dress contained simply a postscript alluding to the
last, and it was the last bill reported which,as the
Senate will well remember, was under discussion.
i\1r. DOUGLAS. Wluit I statedwas, that he
asked for a postponement for the purpose of cir-
culating that address, and gave a reason which I
duseoveied not to ho true 111 fact. Leaving that
question, he says I might as well go baek'to the
siege of Troy as to revive tho controversy about
the .Nebraska bill and the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. If so, what is your colh.jgue [Mr.
j Wilsov] doing here tho whole session in sending
j out page after page, speech after spceeh, 0:1 that
very question? if you thought it improper, if !
you thought it was done for sinister purposes, to !
revue ilie memory of a thing that ought to be for- !
gotten, why not ceil hun so, instead of tellingl
me? Why not tell mv c.olleague, so that he need j
not make a, long speech,going back to things that j
belong to histoiy, which ought to be forgotten, 1
and which no public good can be accomplished
by reviving? Why do you not reprove your agi-
tators 011 that side of the Chamber, who have been
going back to the siege of Troy ever since tho
Nebiaska lull was passed? Why do you not
appeal to them, who haw got up this whole de-
bate, and po-vent them going bail* to things that
ou<>ht to be lojgotten 5 i ai'.ree with lum that it
belongs to history. Let it be the .subject of his-
tory and of song, like the siege of Tioy. it
would be so, bat for you agilatois, who hope to '
j acquire political distinction and position by keep-
ing up the agitation. I am net the man who has .
brought up tins discussion of ihe repeal—that
forgotten repeal—of the Missouti compiomiwe. I
am not tho one who has brought up the memory
of that which should have b-'en foigotteti. I am
not the one who has distuibed the repose of the >
Senate by long speeches 011 that point. When ,
you condemn allusions to that subject, confine .
yoL'rs-'lf to yourown side of the Chamber, 111 your ■
own ranks, instead of seeking here for the oGjuct |
of attack.
Mr. WELLEIl. 1 do not know that there is 1
any disposition on the pait of the Senate to pi 0- 1
long this discussion. 1 ask if there be any ob- '
jection to taking the vote on this proposition now r1
Several Senators. None at all. j
Mi. DOUG-LAS. Let us take the vote on this j
question, and then we can discuss the subject 011 !
the bills of the committee. j
The PRESIDENT. The question is 011 con- j
curmig in the report of the Committee on Print- j
uig, to print thirty-one thousand extra copies of ;
trie report of tho Committee on Territories. !
The report was concurred in.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered., That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 14, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the report of
the Committee of Elections, and that upon that
question the gentleman from Maine [Mr. "Wash-
burn] was entitled to the floor.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SWOPE, it was
Order fid, That leave he gi anted to withdiaw from the
files of the House the papeis 111 the case of the claim of
Samuel Pei iy against tiie Government of the United States
for the transportation ot Iiidian supplied, for the puipos e of
leieienre to the Couit of Claims.
On motion by Mr. ftOYCE, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw fiom thn
files of the flou^c the papcism the caae of Hill & Stacker,
for thepuiposc of leferenee to the Court ot Claims.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. CAMPCELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by tho Committee of Ways and Means to ask
that the committee bo discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John Hadlcy and
eighty-eight others, of Ohio, which was referred
to that committee by order of tho Uouse. Tho
committee think they have no jurisdiction over
the subject-matter of the petition, and ask that it
may bo referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. It was so ordered.
BRIDGE OVER THE POTOMAC.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, by unanimous
consent,submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
ilit'so/red, That the Seeietaiy of the Int  sioi he ducctcd
to communicate to this Uoiw, m commotion with ins le-
spon*^ to the 1 (-solution ic«auung the expense of completing
the bnd^e at the tattle Falls, pushed on the 10th instant,
what miiii ot money would be required to build a new bridgo
oppose O01 jjetou n, or, it the purchase of the light of way
over tho pieis of the aqueduct be deemed by him more
economical, what sum will be lequired toobtaui such light
and to eieet a permanent budge thereon.
MRS. CIIILDS.
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be. in-
structed to inquire into the prnpiiety of granting a pension
to Mi>. Childs, widow of Brevet Brigadiei General Chikls,
late of the United States Army; and that they report by bill
or ottiei wi.-e.
Mr. "W. also, by unanimous consent, made a
report from the Committee on Naval Afliurs, ask-
ing that that committee he discharged from tho
further consideration of the petition and papers
of Moses J. Mill, and that they be laid upon the
table. It was yo ordered.
RESOLUTIONS OP THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
Mr. SAGE, by unanimous consent, presented
concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of tho
State of New York, in reference to the claims of
revolutionary soldiers: whieh were read, and re-
feired to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
THOMAS S. T. JOHNSON.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee 011 Military Allaire, made a leport
m reference to the case of Thomas S. T. Johnson,
claiming compensation for coal and lumber fur-
nished to tho United States quartermaster, stating
that, m the opinion of the committee, the claim
should be referred to the Court of Claims; and
therefore they asked to be discharged from tho
further consideration of the memorial and papers
in the ease, and that they be referred to the Court
uf Claims.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman making that report, whether the papers
go to the court with the consent of the applicant,
or upon the motion of the committee itself?
Mr. ALLISON. Upon the motion of the com-
mittee.
