648
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 21,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Cincinnati Platform—Mr. Carlile.
Ho. of Reps.
whether amounting to a majority or minority of
the whole, who are united and actuated by some
common impulse of passion or interest adverse
to the rights of other citizens, or to the perma-
nent and aggregate interests of the community."
The examination 1 propose is made necessary
because of the new issues which have been made
up for the people—not by the people—and presented
to them by the politicians and party leaders, who
assembled in Cincinnati on the 2d instant, which
issues are to be passed upon by the people in
November next. It is the more important be-
cause the Democracy inaugurated by Jefferson,
and faithfully adhered to and enforced by Jack-
son, has been made to give way to a new sort of >
filibustering policy, for the management of our j
domestic and foreign relations, christened, I be- [
lieve, by its authors, Douglas Democracy. j
I refer to the following remarks of Mr. Rich- j
akdson, of Illinois, made in the Cincinnati Con- 1
vention, as I find them reported in the. Washing- ;
ton Weekly Union of the 12th instant, and also
to the following extract from the remarks of j
Judge Douglas at the ratification meeting in New j
York, on the 11th instant, as I find them reported
in the New York National Democrat of the 14th
instant, as my authorities upon this point:
" Mr. Richardson. I am instructed by the delegation
from the State of Illinois to return to tbia convention their
heartfelt acknowledgments for the complimentary vote
' their distinguished son has received, and, above and beyond
all, to return their thanks that, while he has received one
hundred and twenty-two as a candidate for the Presidency,
before the highest tribunal known to the Democratic party,
the adoption of the great principle embodied in that plat-
form, which received the assent of every member of the
committee on resolutions, and of every member of the con-
vention, has indorsed the political opinions of Stephen A.
Douglas ; while he has been complimented by that vote,
the fact that the principles for which he has battled in the
Senate, and before the whole country, are made by the
Democratic party the leading principles of its political faith,
is a still higher compliment, which might excite sentiments
of pride in the bosom of any man."
" Mr. Douglas. But, my friends, I find that these Black
' Republican' murderers and Black ' Republican' news-
papers have all begun to shed crocodile tears [laughter and
cheers] over mine own bumble fate, because they made a
Douglas platform and put Buchanan on it. [Cheers.]
" I wish to call your attention to a point for a moment,
and that is, whether it is not a Buchanan platform as well
as a Douglas. [Cheers.] They say it is a Douglas, because
it indorsed every position that I have taken, not only upon
the slavery question, and Kansas and Nebraska, but the
foreign policy. [Cheers.] That is true; and because it is
true, I stand with heart and soul ready to devote all my en-
ergies to the success of the platform and the candidate.
[Immense cheers. Three cheers for Douglas!"]
Before I proceed to a discussion of the platform,
I will say that the doctrine of squatter or popular
sovereignty, up to the meeting of the Cincinnati
Convention, was denied to be in the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill by the supporters of that bill in my
own State. The leading organ of the Democratic
party in the State, the Richmond Enquirer, has
again and again denounced squatter sovereignty
in the most unmeasured terms. It will be remem-
bered that when, in 1848, General Cass's celebra-
ted Nicholson letter was represented by his oppo-
nents as asserting this doctrine of squatter or pop-
ular sovereignty, it was stoutly denied by every
Democrat in Virginia, and the charge was indig-
nantly repelled by the Enquirer. Thus did Vir-
ginia pass through the canvass. Had the Democ-
racy of Virginia believed General Cass to be, as
he afterwards avowed himself, an advocate of
squatter sovereignty, I feel justified in saying
that he would not in that contest have received, as
he did receive, the vote of Virginia.
It remains to be seen whether Virginia Dem-
ocrats can be made to indorse in 1856 what they
repudiated in 1848; and whether they are pre-
pared to surrender, in 1856, constitutional rights
which, in 1848, they would have surrendered but
, with their lives. It will also be remembered, Mr.
Chairman, that, after the canvass of 1848, Mr.
Davis, now Secretary of War, then a Senator in
Congress from the State of Mississippi, inquired
in the Senate of General Cass as to the true mean-
ing of his Nicholson letter; and when General
Cass's response went out to the country, saying
he did assert the doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
and that his Nicholson letter was correctly inter-
preted by those who charged that it was in the
Nicholson letter, the Richmond Enquirer for-
mally, in its columns, by editorial, read General
Cass out of the Democratic party. The test at
that day, less than eight years ago, of Democracy,
was opposition to squatter sovereignty; the test
of the Democracy of this day, is the advocacy
of squatter sovereignty ! Not only in 1848 was
opposition to squatter sovereignty a cardinal and
essential Democratic principle, but, down to the
meeting of the Cincinnati Convention, no man
could be found in Virginia, so far as I know, bold
enough to advocate this leading principle of the
Nebraska-Kansas act; but every Democrat, the
Richmond Enquirer included, denied that such
was one of the principles of the bill; and the
Enquirer, in the month of April last, publicly
announced through its columns, that the Cincin-
nati Convention would be required to " repudiate
squatter sovereignty." Hear what the Enquirer
then said:
" The Cincinnati Platform—An entire new issue will
be presented in the approaching presidential canvass—an
issue which it is impossible to avoid or evade. The oppo-
sition party is essentially an Abolition party. It proposes
to repeal the Kansas-Nebraska act and the fugitive slave
law. It thereby denies State equality. The Democracy
oppose the repeal of those laws, and seem thereby to main-
tain State equality- But all room for doubt or cavil must
be removed. If we occupy an equivocal position, we shall
dampen the zeal of frieuds and invite the assaults of ene-
mies. We must, in the Cincinnati platform, repudiate
squatter sovereignty and expressly assert State equality.
We must declare that it is the duty of the General Govern-
ment to see that no invidious or injurious distinction is
made between the people or the property of different sec-
tions in the Territories. We do not mean to dictate. It
may be that the assertion in the platform of the abstract
proposition of State equality may suffice to carry along
with it the consequences which we desire. But it is often
charged that the Kansas-Nebraska bill contains the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty, and that squatter sovereignty is the
most efficient agent of Free-soilism. Some northern Dem-
ocrats have maintained this ground. Now this gun must be
spiked. It must appearfrom our platform that we maintain
practical State equality, and repudiate that construction of
the Kansas-Nebraska act which would defeat it. The
South only demands equality of right. The more clearly
it appears that the northern Democracy is ready to concede
it to her, the more certain is our candidate of success."
On the 24th of April last the Enquirer thus
characterizes this new doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty:
" Among the fair, but false and fatal, theories of the day,
none attracts so much homage as the ' squatter sovereignty,
courtesan. There are none so radiant with meretricious
charms, none so ready with deceitful promise, and none so
sure to cover their victim with shame and reproach. The
sovereignty of the people is a noble principle, and should
command universal homage. ' Squatter sovereignty' is an
imposture—a counterfeit copy—an ugly idol wrought by
men's hands-and should be kicked on the pedestal where
it sits in mock majesty and courts the adoration of fools
and demagogues."
On the 21st of May, but one month ago from
this day, the Enquirer, in view, I presume, of the
workings of this squatter sovereignty doctrine
as exhibited in Kansas, contained the following
editorial:
" Conservatism and Squatter Sovereionty—There
is no ground whatever for difference of opinion between
northern and southern Democrats as to the subject of
squatter sovereignty. Indeed, it is questionable if the
North, having more capital and a much larger disposable
population, is not more interested (han the South in post-
poning the right of a people of a Territory to determine their
social system, until they are numerous enough to constitute
a State. The people of the South are equally adventurous,
and liuve more of the pioneering spirit; and if a handful of
the first settlers were allowed to determine this question,
the South, rather than the North, would be interested in
maintaining this radical and lawless doctrine. In a long
struggle the North would have the decided advantage; the
South might often succeed by a sudden coup de main. It
is no sectional question, but eminently a question of con-
servatism vs. radicalism. The tendency of the age, but
especially of the isms that oppose the Democracy, is to the
relaxation of law, order, and authority. Squatter sover-
eignty proposes to encourage and legalize domestic fillibus-
tering, invites the few to seize upon thepublic domain,and
to exclude the many, or to admit them only on such terms
as those few may prescribe. The Democracy of this Union
is the only great conservative party of the world, for theirs
is the conservatism of the people who would take care of
themselves, not that of privileged orders and classes, who
seek to retain exclusive rights and privileges, and to pre
serve the power of oppressing and taxing the masses. We
repeat, the subject of squatter sovereignty is not a question
between the North and South, but between conservatism
and radicalism, between law and anarchy."
The Enquirer speaks of •' the tendency of the
age, but especially of the isms that oppose the
Democracy, to the relaxation of law, order, and
authority." Sir, the isms may tend that way, but
Nebraska-Kansas Democracy, as contained in the
Nebraska bill, and affirmed by the Cincinnati
Convention, not only tend "to the relaxation of
law, order, and authority," but actually' tram-
ples under foot and disregards all law, all order,
all authority, establishes civil weir in Kansas,
disturbs not only the peace and quiet of the
Union, but threatens the Union itself.
Mr. Chairman, what is popular or squatter
sovereignty? It is that the inhabitants of a Ter-
ritory, while it is a Territory, by territorial legis-
lation, have the same right that is possessed by
a sovereign State to fix and decide the character
of their domestic institutions, slavery included. I
will here read the remarks of Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, and of Mr. Clingman, of North Caro-
lina, made to this House on the 28th of December
last, both members of the present Congress, as
they were of the last, and both of whom voted
for the Kansas-Nebraska bill:
"Mr. Jones,of Tennessee. I do not intend,it is no part
of my purpose, at this time to go into an argument upon the
principle of non-intervention orsquatter sovereignty. But,
sir, I am one of those who believe that all political power
is originally and primarily in the people, and that ' the
powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitu-
tion, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people.' Then, sir, if the
people of the States have delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment the power of legislating up«n the domestic affairs of
the people of the Territories, this Government delegated,
as far as it could, by the Kansas and Nebraska bill, that
power to the people of the Territories. But if the people
of the States never delegated to the Federal Government
that power, then it most certainly rests with the people or
with the States; and it certainly is not in the power of any
one State, or all the States, to legislate upon the domestic
affairs of the Territories. So far as this Government is
concerned, if the people of the States have delegated this
power to the General Government, then, by the Kansas and
Nebraska bill, this Government has, in my opinion, dele-
gated that power to the people of the Territory; and if the
people and the States have not delegated to the General
Government this power, then, by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, the General Government has recognized in the people
of the Territories full power and ample authority, the right,
in all its vigor, of the people thereof to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way while under a
territorial government, as fully and completely as we have
and do recognize the right of the people of the States to
form and regulate their domestic institutions; and without
affirmative legislation by Kansas, establishing or protecting
the rights to certain property, it cannot be held therein
under the Kansas-Nebraska act.
" Then, sir, you may call it by what name you please—
non-intervention, squatter sovereignty, or popular sov-
ereignty. It is, sir, the power of the people to govern
themselves, and they alone should exercise it, in my opin-
ion, as well while in a territorial condition as in the posi-
tion of a State. I would ask those who deny this doctrine,
whether they are of my party, or of any other party—
whether they are from the North, or the South—to recon-
cile another provision of that act with the doctrine, that
neither this Government nor the people of the Territory
have any power over this isolated question while in a ter-
ritorial condition. Look to the Kansas and Nebraska act,
and you will there find prescribed tbe qualification of voters.
How long to continue, sir? Until the first election only.
And the qualifications of voters, and of holding office at ail
subsequent elections, shall be prescribed by the Legislative
Assembly. Which is the higher prerogative of sovereignty,
i to prescribe the rights of property, or to prescribe the qual-
ification of voters ? I hold that the highest prerogative of
sovereignty is to prescribe the qualification of voters—to
draw the line between the citizen—the coequal constituent
of sovereignty in a country—and the subject, vassal, or
serf.
" I believe that the great principle—the right of the peo-
ple in the Territories, as well as in the States, to form and
to regulate their own domestic institutions in their own
way—is clearly and unequivocally embodied in the Kansas-
Nebraska act; and, if it is not, it should have been. Be-
lieving that it was the living, vital principle of the act, I
voted for it. These are my views, honestly entertained,
and will be defended."
" Mr. Clinoman. But the gentleman asks roe how I stand
upon this question. I will tell him very frankly. I have
no doubt that there must be a power to legislate over the
Territories in regard to slavery, unless that power be taken
away by an express provision of the Constitution of tlie
United States. Whether that power exists in Congress or
in the people of the Territories, I do not now propose to
argue. 1 am rather inclined to think with my friend, [Mr.
Humphrey Marshall,] that Congress, upon a fair con-
struction of the Constitution and the existing precedents,
has, within itself, the right of legislation over the Territo-
ries with reference to the subject of slavery, and that, there-
fore, under the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that power was trans-
ferred to the people, as far as we could transfer it under the
Constitution of the United States. But even if, on the
other hand, it should be held that Congress has no power
over the question, then the bill was a sufficient disclaimer
on our part; so that gentlemen entertaining either opinion
could well unite in its support. I have no doubt myself
! that tbe recent legislation of the people of Kansas under
j this bi.1 is valid legislation. In other words, I have no doubt
| that, under that bid, the people of the Territory have a right
i to pass laws protecting slavery, if they choose to do so.
! " Mr. H. Marshall. How about prohibiting it ?
I " Mr. Clingman. I am going to answer that question.
I With respect to the matter of the people of Kansas prohibit-
I ing slavery, my opinion is this: if it were a new proposi-
I tion I admit I might go with my friend, [Mr. Humphrey
I Marshall ;] but we have had so many precedents in the
action of Congress, and in the decisions of the courts, that
I have no inclination to dispute them. In other words, I
. say this: that I have no doubt the people of tbe Territories
