THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1856.
New Series....No. 2.
the correction from the same paper of the next
day, and I ask 110 more.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A Correction.—We are sorry that in the very full and
geneiaily accurate report of Mr. Burhngame's speech,
published in our i.s-ue of yesterday, that a mistake so gross
a-5 iliat contained m the following sentence should have
occurred:
When your Perry Walker?, like mean hounds and
dogs, desert >011 after all you have done for them.' It
should have read : -'When your Percy Walkers treat you
as if you were mean hounds and dogs, by deserting you
after .til have donu foi them.'
•• Tin-; roucft)ori i- due to trie speaker, Mr. Burlin-
pime. \\ ho, throughout his enure >peech, did not once in-
dulge in personalities of any kind. The correction puts a
\<-iy dtlferi'Mt eou-tnictton upon the sentence from winch
it wa-5 l.xirly liable to in the erroneous reading."
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
I would inquire whether it is in order to move
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table, in orderthat we may take up the
Senate resolution lor the suspension of the 21st
joint rule ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit that motion.
Mr. EDIE. Does it require unanimous con-
sent to entertain the motion?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. ORR. Is the motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order under the
rules.
Mr. OPJR. Before the calls on committees for
reports r
The SPEAKER.. It is in order after com-
mittees shall have been called, or one hour shall
ha\e been consumed in the call of committees for
reports. There has been 110 call upon committees,
arid no business has been referred to them except
the Army appropriation bill, which has been
considered and passed. The next question in
order is to go to business 011 the Speaker's table.
The Chair is of the opinion that the motion to go
to the business upxm the Speaker's table is m
ordc^r, inasmuch as there is 110 preceding busi-
ness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
the gentleman from Maryland to indicate what is
his object 111 moving to go to the business on the
Speaker's table ? 1 shall oppose all other busi-
ness than that which has again called us to-
gether.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to take up the resolu-
tion from the Semite for the purpose of consider-
ing it at this time. The lesolution is to suspend
the 21st rule for the present. The resolution as it
rame from the Senate limits the suspension to
the Army appropriation bill. -
'The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
05th and 27th rules, inasmuch as the Chair has
erroneously stated them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"\T>. lU'peit^ from committees* having been presented and
tu-p'wd oi, the Spcakn shall call for le-solutions from the
in vxudi StaV.* aivl Deb-sate* from each Territory,
beginning with Maine and the Teirilory of Wisconsin ai-
teruaieh ; thev >ha!I not be debated on the vcrv day of
tiifr being piesenteil, noi on any day assumed by the Houso
{'<>> the receipt of rtf-ulutioiN, unh-s wiieie the House shall
dm-ct otherwise, hut shall lie on the table to he taken up
in the order in which they were printed ; and if on any
da\ tin* whol" of the Statu* and Territories «hail not be
failed, the Speaker shall begin on the next day wheie he
j.-u off the pievious da\ ; piovided that no member : hall
op,-, mon' than one resolution.or one >uries of resolutions,
Ml n-l.itmg to th<> same subpart. until aii the States and
 Territnrie> -hall have been called."
•••27. Alter one hour -hall have been devoted to report?
fioni" eonmvttee- and i< -oiunon-". it shall be m order, pend-
U5" th<-eouMih'Mtmn o! ri^eus^ioii thereof, to entertain a
motion that th-' ll'"i-e do now proceed t<> dispose of the
bi ine^ on the Shaker *S' table, and to the oiders of the
da\ "
The SPEAK i:R. On a reexamination of the
cui'stion t hi * Chair of opinion that the motion
to go to the buMiiie -s on the Speaker's table is
not now in ordor unless by general consent.
Mr. COUn. of Alabama. T object, and call tor
tin- 3v_rular ouW of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call on standing committees for reports
of a private nature.
O
Mr. ORR. With a view to carry out the gen-
eral understanding that there shall be no other
business done than that which has justbeen con-
sidered, I move that the House take a recess for
one hour.
Mr. STEPHENS. Wat is too long; more
for a recess for half an hour.
Mr. ORR. I will modify my motion to that
extent
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Fifteen min-
utes is sufficient.
Mr. SAGE. I object to any recess.
The SPEAKER. Reports of private bill?* are
in order this day, from select committees of the
House.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I desiie to re-
port several bills from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, for the puipose of reference.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to receive re-
ports only upon such matters as have been re-
ferred to committees during the present session.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ; and I call the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 9, nays 1G9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bdhnchm-st, Brooks, Lake, Mace, Mat-
teson, Mott. Quitman, Thonngton, and'Waldion—9.
NAYS —Mesris. Aiken, Akcr^ Albught, Allison, Bar-
bour, Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bmgham, Bishop,
Blias, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyee, Brad.-hiw, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, CadvvttKuler, James H. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Oaskie, Cliatieo, Bayard Clarke. Ezra ClaiK, Claw-ou,
Chairman. Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Cnnge, Crawford, Cullen,
Cumback, Dannell, Davidton, Henry Winter Davis, Timo-
thy I)avi«, Dean, Denver, De Wm, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dowdell. Durlee, Edi*3, Edmund-on, Edwaids. Eliiott,
Emne, Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner, Flagler, Floience,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gidd'tngs, Gilbert, Goode, Granger,
Grow, Hubert B. Hall, J. Moiri-on Harris*. Thomas L. Har-
ris, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R.
Hoiton, Horn ton, Howaid, Hughsloii, Je.Witt, George W.
.Tone*, J. Giancy Jones, Kelly, Kelsev, Kidwoll, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkcl. Loiter, Letclier,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Maishall, Samuel S. Maishall, Mc-
Carty, MeMulhn, McQueen, Ivilhan Miller, Smith Mhler,
Millson.Millward. Motgan. Morrill. Murray. Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver. Orr. Packc*. Paikei. Peek, Penning-
ton. Pettit. Phelp-5, Pike.Poiter, Pnnsde. Puivianee, Ricaud,
Ritchie. Rivers. Roberts, Robison. Ruffin. Ru-t, Sage, San-
did^e, Sapo, Savage. Scou, Sewaid, Snninons, Samuel A.
Smith, Wiiham Smith, William 11. Smith. Sneed, Spmner,
Stanton. Stephen-, Stewart. Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan,
Ta\lo -,'T!mrMon. Todd, Tiafton, Trippe, Underwood,
Vail. Yalk. Wade. Wakeman, Waibudge, Walker. Wasner,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, ElJitiu B. Washbiirne, Israel
Wa-hburn, Welch, Wheeler, Williams, Window, Wood,
Woodruff, Wood worth, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wiight,
and Zolhcofler—IG9.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate insisted upon their amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 578) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army, for the
year ending the 30th*of June, 1857, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill, entitled
" An act to supply an omission m the enrollment
of a certain act.M
ARMY BILL—AG AIX.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker'stable the Army appropriation bill, with
the message from the Senate just received.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the bill
(H II. No. 578) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857, with the message of the Senate
informing the House that that body insisted upon
its amendments to said bill, disagreed to by the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House
insist upon its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate, and ask for a committee of coher-
ence: and upon that motion I move the previous
S question. .
' Mr. WASIIBTJRNE, of Illinois. I ask the
■entlenian from Ohio to modiiy his motion, by
striking out that part of it which asks for a com-
mittee of confcrence.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to allow me to make amotion to recede,
and to have a test vote taken upon that question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not yield my point
at this stage of the game. [Several voices: " No
game !"] We will make an effort to pass this
motion; and if we do not, the time will soon come
when the gentleman can submit that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. If we vote down the pend-
ing motion, will it not then be in order to move
to recede ? /
The SPEAKER. It undoubtedly would be
in order, if the previous question had not been
demanded.
Mr. GROW. If we vote down this motion,
will not a motion to adhere be in order, and take
precedence of a motion to recede?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recede will
take precedence.
Mr. COBB. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, if there were now two motions before the
House, one to insist upon the disagreement of the
House, and the other to recede from the disagree-
ment, would not the motion to recede be first put
to the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recede would
be first submitted to the House.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I submit a question
of order—a new one under our practice, but one
which it strikes me should, from the reason of
the case, be the rule of proceeding. It is, that,
as a motion to recede is not an amendment to the
motion to insist, but an independent motion, the
ordering the main question upon the motion to
insist will not and cannot preclude the independent
motion to recede, any more than a motion to re-
cede would preclude a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that, the previous question having been ordered,
a motion to recede cannot be submitted to the
House. The question of order raised by the
gentleman from Virginia is akin to those relating
to the order in which certain questions are sub-
mitted; as, for instance, a motion to lay upon
the table, to commit, to amend, and other ques-
tions, which the rules require shall be put in a
certain order; but if the previous question is
called, no motion, that was not pending at the
time it was ordered, can be submitted. The
Chair thinks the same practice should govern in
this proceeding.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
94, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albnght, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghutft, iimgham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
hbavv, James H. Campbell. Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
Ezra Chuk, Clawson, Colfai, Comma, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis. Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Duifee, EJie. Emrie, Flagler, Giddmgs,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway,
Thomas II. Horton, Howard, Hugh>ton, Kelsey, 4Cmg,
Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Knox. Kunkel, Leiter, Matte-
son, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott Murrav, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paikor,
Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purvianee,
"Ritchie, Roberts, RohUon, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons. Spinner, Stanton, Suanahan, Tappan,Thonng-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Tral'ton, Wade. Wakeman. Wal-
1 bridge, Waldron, Cadw.dader C. Washburne, Eliihu B.
' Washburnp, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff,
and Wood worth—91.
NAYS —Messis. Aiken. Akers, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
ley 3. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Bovce, Branch, Kiook.->,
Broom, Burnett. Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie,
Bavard Clarke, Chncman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W." Cobb, Cox,Craige,Crawfoid,Cullen, Da\idson, Henry
Winter Davi-s. Denver, Dowdell, Edtmuulso-i. Elliott,
Ethendge, Eustis, Evan*. Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J.
i D Fullei, Goode, J. Moiuson Ilams, Samp-on \\ . Hams,
; Thomas L. Ilara^, Ha\ uiu Hickman, lloihnan, IIou?ton,
1 Jewett. G-coigo W. J. Giancy Jones. Kelly, Rid-
■ well. Lake. Letcheu Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander
i'l K. Maishall, Humphrey Marxian, Samuel &. Marshall,
I', Maxwell, McMulho, McQueen, Simth Miller, Mdlson,
Si Orr, Packer, Peek, Phelps Porter, Iowell, Quitmant
