1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
The report of the committer, was agreed to; and
the memorial and papers were referred to the Court
of Claims.
REPORTS FROM PRINTING COMMITTEE.
Mr. FLAGLER. A few days since the House
ordered to be printed five hundred extra copies
of the report of the Superintendent of the Govern-
ment Hospital for the Insane, for the use of the
superintendent. I have since received a letter
from that gentleman, stating that there is a small
diagram accompanying that report; and I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to oiler the fol-
lowing resolution, to amend the former resolution;
Resohed, Thar tlx* oidrr of the Hou^e to print five hun-
dred extra copies of the report of fhA superintendent of the
Government hospital for the insane, be so amended as to
include the iliu&tiauve dnigiain accompanying the report.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
know what that diagram is?
Air. FLAG LER. It is a small diagram showing
the situation of the ground and buildings, and is
necessary to a full understanding of the report.
The expense will be but nominal, and I think
there can be no objection to it on the part of any
gentleman understanding the matter.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. The Committee on Printing
have directed me to ask to be dischaiged from
the further consideration of a resolution offered
some time since by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Fatjlkner.] m reference to the printing of
the report of the Secretary of State in relation to
the changes and modifications in the commercial
systems of other nations, during the year ending
30th September, 1855. The necessity of acting
upon that resolution has been superseded by sub-
sequent action of the House.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Has not that com-
mittee been instructed to inquire into the cost of
the publication ?
Air. FLAGLER. The resolution which I refer
to was sent to the committee before the report of
the Seen tary was sent to the House, and the
committee have the subject under consideration
in another shape, oil account of the action of the
House taken at the time the report was submit-
ted. The subject-matter of the resolution is
covered by another resolution which is now.in the
hands of the committee, and will be reported upon
in due time. The committee therefore ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of this
resolution, as they do not want to act upon two
similar resolutions.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Then the gentle-
man had better move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Air. FAULKNER. I desiro to say that when
I offered the resolution, I was under the impres-
sion that it inferred to a document which had been
presented to the Hous^, and F therefore offered a
resolution that twenty thousand copies thereof
should be printed. But the matter is now before
the committee in another shape.
The motion of Air. Fj,AGixnwas then agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbvry Dickixs, notifying the House that that
body had passed on act to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February 24, l&w; and asking its concurrence
therein.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. ANDERSON presented the following me-
morials and resolutions from the Legislature of
the Territory of Washington; which were se\er-
ally referred to the Committee on Alilitary Alfairs,
and ordered to be printed:
Memorial praying an appropriation to defray
the expenses of the existing' war;
Resolution relative to the erection of light-
houses;
Joint resolution relative to a military road from
Bruceport, on Shoalwater bay, to the Cowlitz
landing;
Memorial for the relief of John G. Parker, Jr.;
Memorial praying an appropriation by Con-
gress for a miUtcuy road from Fort Steilacooni to
Bellmgham bay;
Memorial praying an appropriation for a mili-
tary road from New Dungeness to connect with
the military road from Fort Vancouver to Fort
Steilacoom;
Memorial praying an appropriation for a mili-
tary road from Olympia or Puget's Sound to con-
nect with the military road from Salem to Astoria,
in Oregon Territory, at some point near the mouth
of the Columbia river; and a
Memorial praying an appropriation for the mili-
tary road across the Cascade mountains.
Mr. ANDERSON also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the construction of a military
road in Washington Territory; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
PUNISHMENT IN PENITENTIARIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill (No. G) relating
to punishment in the penitentiaries. I ask to
have the act read, and it will be seen there can be
no objection to it.
The act was read. Itprovidesthatwhen a judi-
cial districthas been or may hereafter be divided,
the circuit and district courts of the United States
shall have power to sentence any one convicted of
an offense punishable by imprisonment and hard
labor to the penitentiary within the State, although
it may be out of the judicial district in which the
conviction is had.
The second section provides that said courts in
the northern district of Ohio and the northern
district of Illinois shall be authorized to tiansfer
to the penitentiaries of their respective States any
person or persons who may now be confined in jail
m either district, whose offense is by law punish-
able by imprisonment and hard labor in the peni-
tentiary.
The "bill was read a first and second time.
Air. H. MARSHALL, f desire to offer an
i! amendment to that bill, which, if the House will i
ij indulge me, I will reduce to writing.
jl Air. HAVEN. While the gentleman from
iI Kentucky is preparing his amendment, I would
' like to get some information in regard to the bill.
■ Is this the bill which was referred to the Com-
milter- on the Judiciary ?
j Air. MAR.SHALL. I will_answer the gentle-
i! man from New York by stating, that this same
I subject-matter has been before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and in one form it has been considered
there. And, I suppose, that the main point con-
nected with the subject, as presented to the Ju-
diciary Committee, can now be determined by the
House on this bill. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That if the u^e of the penitentiary Hinll be re-
fund in any State, it sliall be the duty of the marshal to
evecuie the sentence of the court by ootilimuu the cmu-
mal uj the neaiest pemtentiaiy, the u&e of winch shall be
granted loi the purpose
I can explain the amendment in a very few
words, so that the House will be enabled to judge
! entirely as to the propriety of adopting it. By
! the act of 1825, as it now stands, the authority
! is given to confine a party who is convicted under
] the laws of the United States only in the pen-
! itentiary or jail which is within the'district where
' the court is held. The object of those who have
introduced the other law is to extend the priv-
ilege of confining a party who is convicted in a
court of the United States—-where there may not
be a jail or penitentiary m the district—within
the penitentiary of the States. In both cases
the confinement rests on the fact of the usoofthe
penitentiary beinggiven by the State to the United
i. States, to confine a party therem at the expense
l! of the United States.
!] Now, there is another case, where a State ro-
ll fuses the use of the peni'entiary,asis now the case
!: in Wisconsin, wheie they refuse the use of the
i: penitentiary for the purpose ot confining persons
, convicted of crime m the courts of the United
' States. Mjr amendment is intended to meet that
i case, by authorizing the marshal to carry the erirn-
! inal to the next nearest penitentiary, the use of
which will be granted. We have got now just to
determine between that proposition and this prop-
osition—whether we shall commence the system
of building United States penitentiaries m all the
States of this Union, and appointing United
States jailois and whole corps of officials through-
out the United States, for the purpose of confining
in those buildings criminals who may be con-
victed in the courts of the United States. I am
j myself utterly opposed to commcneing the work
! of architecture in that line m the various States;
and, whenever a State in its sovereign pleasure
shall determine that her jails or penitentiaries
shall not be granted for the purpose of confining
a man who has been convicted under the laws of
the United States, then I would use the power of
the United States to carry that criminal to, and
confine him in, the next penitentiary where I
could get the use of a jail.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think, Mr.
Speaker, that this question is likely to occupy
the House for some time, and I must, therefore,
insist on the regular order of business.
KANSAS ELECTION.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of the following resolution,
reported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, In the con-
tcsted-election case fiom the Teintory of Kansas, be, and
are hereby, empoweted to «.end for perconsaml papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
Air. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I desire to
know whether it is understood that I am entitled
to the floor upon the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the floor, upon
the resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions, it having been assigned to him yesterday
upon the adjournment of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to know what -will
become of the bill which was just now before the
House, if the House proceeds to the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. It will remain as unfinished
business, and will go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, then addressed
the House for one hour in favor of the adoption
of the resolution. His speech is, at his request,
withheld for revision. He concluded by moving
the previous question.
Air. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
gentleman from Maine to withdraw his demand
for the prc\ious question.
Mr. WASHBURN. I do not feel authorized
to withdraw the demand. If the gentleman from
Mississippi desires to speak, and it is the unani-
mous consent of the House that he should do so,
I certainly hav< no objection; but I desire to bring
this question to a vote to-day, if it can be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to present one con-
sideration to the gentleman from Alaine, [Mr.
Washburn,] why he should not demand tho
previous question—why he should not suppress
further debate upon this important subject. He
has seen fit to introduce new matters into this
i debate. He lias charged that those of us who
| oppose the resolution adopted by a majority of
1 the committee are jnfiuencf (3, not by the facts of
! the case, but by considerations growing out of
; the subject of slavery, and wholly disconnected
1 with the contest now before the House. I prc-
I sumo no member of this body believes the charge
j to be true, and we should have an opportunity to
j reply to it. I appeal to his magnanimity to with-
! draw his call for the previous question, that we
i may not only reply to the matter so unnecessarily
| and" incorrectly pn sen ted by him, but also show
! that the resolution of the committee will allow
! only a restricted and very unsatisfactory investi-
I gation of the subject. It is rather a suppression
! of investigation. Let this debate go on yet for
' a while.
! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
• tlcman fiom Alaine will withdraw the demand. I
di'Fii'e to have ;ui opportunity to answer the re-
, marks made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Lrtcheb] yt'sti rday.
The SPiiAKEIt. Remarks of this sort can
, only be inade i>v unanimous consent.
, Mr. WHEELER. 1 object.
Mr. CAXIPBCLL. We'll, I will forego my re-
marks for the present, though I am very anxious
■ to he heoril.
; r.lr. tIXEPHKT\TS. ] rise to a point of order.
I wish to make an inquiry of the Chair, as to
what will be the effect of ordering the mam ques-
tion to be now put, for our votes, perhaps, may
depend upon that. What will be the mamques-
' tio:i before tho House, as the proposition now
stands?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
• there is pending a motion to recommit, with in-
j strucuons. Tho first question will bo upon the
II motion to recommit, and then upon the report of
li the committee.
>/
