18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 22,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ituffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. bimth,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Underwood, Vail,Valk, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zoliicoffer—97.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House adhere to its disagreement.
- Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House
recede from its disagreement to the Senate amend-
ment, and move the previous question. Let us
have a test vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to recede.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] moves to adhere to the dis-
agreement of the House to the Senate's amend-
ment. Pending that question, the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] moves to recede from
that disagreement. The first question is on the
motion to recede.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 94, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken. Akers, Barksdale, Bell, Ilcndley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Brooks,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Hemy Winter Uavis,
Denver, Dowdell, "Edmundhon, Elliott, Ktheudge, Ku&tis,
Evans, Faulkner? Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
J. Mormon Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams
Haven, Hickman, Hollman, Houston, Jewctt, George W.
Joncf, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander 1C. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S.Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, I\fc-
Q.uecn, Smith Miller* MUlson, Oir, Packer, Peek, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Quitman, Rieimd, River*-, Rullin, Itu-t,
Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William It. Smith,Sueed, Stephen^, Stew-
art, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, V.ilk, Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Window, Darnel
C. Wnght, John V. Wright, and ZollicoltW — 91,
NAYS — Messrs. Albnght, Allison, Baibour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billm^lun^t, Binqliam, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chatl'eo, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claik, dawson, Colrux,
Coutins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Tnnotbv Da-
vis, Dean, De \Vitt, I>iek, Dickson, Dodd, Durlee, Fdie,
Edwards. Emne, Flagler, Giddm^s,Giibi:it,< J ranker, Giow,
Atobert 13. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas 11. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knupp, Knight, knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkul, Leiier, Mace, Matte-sou, MeCartv,
Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Munay, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Barker, Pel ton, Penimujton, Pott it,
Frmglc, Pumancc, Kitclne, l'obcit i, Uoimmn, Hage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmon-*, Spnmei, Stanton, Stianaban,
Tappan, Thormgton, Thuiston, Todd, Ti.Utou, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldion, ('.uhv.il nliM C \V,wh-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, l>iuel Wa.-hlnnn, Welt li,
Wood, Woodiull, and Woodwoith—Mb.
So the House refused to reeedo ftom its dis*
agreement to the Senate's amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Washburn's
motion to adhere; ou which the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. II. MARSHALL, (at twenty minutes? past
two o'clock, p. m.) i move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ORR. What wdl be. the effect if the House
vote to adhere? [Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. It is not proper for the
Chair to answer the question. Debate in not in
order; and no inquiry m the nature of debate is
in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Albright, Allison, But hour, Baielay,
Henry Bennett, Benson,' Bilhn hui.-t, Bmj'Jiaui, Pe-hop,
Bocock; Bnuhliaw, Jam'* li Camput II, Leo'f, 1>.
Campbell, Chalice, Bajaid Clarke, E/ra (Tirfc, Ci.iw-on,
Collax. Cumins, Covode, Crairin, Cumback, Daimell, Tim-
othy Jlavis, Dean, Do Wilt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dm lee,
Edie, Edwaids, Knme, l'Ia<:ler,Ciddiiu^.<iill>eit, Cian^ei,
Grow, Haiian, Holloway, Thomas R. Iloiton, Howard,
Hugh^ton, KcUey, King, lvnapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kuuk. l, Leitei, >1 nee, M alte^on, MeCaity, Kilii.m Millet,
Morgan, Momll. Mott, Munay, NiclioN, Not ton, Andiew
Olivei, Parkei, Pelton, Pennington, Petht, Pike, Pmude,
Purvianee. Ilitelue, l(obert<, Rubicon, Saye, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons-, Spmner, Stanton, Snuiialian. Tappan,
Thormuton. Tiiui^ton, Todd, Tuitton, Wade, Wakenian,
V'albndge, VValdron, CadwaladerC. Wa'iiburne, Kllihu B.
A/Afchbuine, f-iae| Washburn, Welch, Wood, WooduUl',
and Woodwo) tli—91.
^ NAYS—Me^r \ Aiken, Akei*, Baik^jtale, Bell. Ilcndley
S. Bennett, Bowie, Boj-ce, Bianch, Brooks, Broom, Bui-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Clm man, Howell
Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaiiie, Crawford,
Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denvei. Dowdell,
J^ujaunason, Elliott, Ethendge, Eastis, Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J, D. Fuller.Goode, J. Morrison Harris.,
Sampson W. Hams, Thomas Harris, Haven, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Poiter, Powell, Quit-
man, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Sevv-
aid, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Ta>lor,
Trippe, Undeiwood, Vail, Valk, Warner, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel's. Wright, Julia VAVright,
and Zolhcofter—93. "
So the House agreed to adhere to its disagree-
ment to the Senate's amendment.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BOCOCK said: As I notice that the vote
is thin, I change m^vote for the purpose of
moving a reconsideration. I vote " ay."
Mr. WALKER asked leave to vote, he not
having been in the Hall when his name was
called.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. WALKER. I was kept away by sick-
ness. I hope I shall be allowed to vote.
The objection was persisted in.
Mr. WALKER. If I had been in I should
have voted " no."
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. T wish to state
to the House—as all my friends know—that I
am exceedingly ill, and am not able to attend the
House constantly. I have to occupy a recum-
bent position almost all the time. 1 was here
when the roll was begun to be called; but it bo-
came absolutely necessary for me to leave the
House.
Mr. WALKER. I was just in the same posi-
tion.
Mr. MATTESON. I object to both.
Mr. UJNDERWOOD. I ask that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts and the gentleman from
Alabama be both allowed to vote.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 object.
Mr. HALL. If I had been in the House I
should have voted "ay."
Mr. WASHUURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the House agreed to
adhere to its disagreement; and also moved to lay
the motion to leeonsitler on the table.
Mr. MeQUEEN. On the latter motion 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr MILLION, Will it be in order now to
make an inquiry of the Chair, and to have the
Chair state to the House what will be the effect
on the bill in the event, of the success of tin; mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table?
Mr. GROW. I object.
The HL-'E AKER. The Chair can only say that
when the House shall have disposed of the ques-
tion, u message will be sent to the Senate inform-
ing them of that fact.
Air. MILLION. I desire to be informed
whether, if the House adhere, the result will be
the killing of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
Chair to decide the question, as it is in the nature
of debate; and debate IS precluded.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 use ton question which appears
to ni«' to be a privileged one. 1 changed my vote—
as the gentlemen of the House will lecollect—
with the remaik that I did so for the purpose of
moving a reconsideration of the vote. I was not
so lueky as to get the floor to make that motion,
and it appears on the Journal that I did not make
ii—so tlut my vote stands recorded in the affirm-
ative without explanation. I rise to ask the priv-
ilege of the House to have recorded on the Jour-
nal the remark which I made on changing my
vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
I giiu.i may a^k to have lu.s \ote changed.
Mr. GlDDlNGvS. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that the gentleman from Alame [Mr. Wamihurn"]
having made the motion to adhere, it was m ac-
cordance with the established usage and courtesy
of the House to recognize him for a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman from Ohio
object to my changing my vote, or to my request
to have the motixe recorded?
Mr. GIJDDI.NGS. I object to the vote being
changed. The gentleman stands now right before
his constituents, and the precedent would be per-
nicious. Therefore, I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. I merely ask to have my ex-
planation recorded on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. To that request the Chair
understands there is no objection.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburn's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative-
yeas 97, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bdhnshuist, Bmahain, Bishop,
Bins, Bradshaw, James H. Campbell, Lewis £. Campbell,
Chaffee, Uzra Claik. Clavvson, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Cragin, Cumback, Damreil, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duitee, Echo,Edwards, Emrie, Flag-
ler, Giddings, Gilbeit, Grangei,Grow, Robert B. IlalKHar-
lan, Holloway, Thomas R. Iloiton, Howard, Himhston,
Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knijjht, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leitei, Maee,Mafteson,MeCarty, Kilhan Miller, Mill ward,
Morgan, Moinll, Mott, Mmray, Nichols, Norton, Andiew
Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle,
Puivianco, Ritchio, RobeUs, Robison, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
£hetman, Simmons,Spnmet, Stanton,Snanahari, Tappan,
Thoungton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbadge. Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhlm
B Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth—97.
NAYd—Messrs. Aiken, Akers,Bark=dale,Bell, Ilendley
£. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyee, Bianch, Brooks. Bioom,
Burnett,Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Oa?ki^, CJingman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciai'je,
Ciawlord, Cullen, DavuUon, Hrnry Winter Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, F.dmuiuUon, Riliott. Erherulge, Eustw, Evans,
Faulkner, Floience, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Mor-
lifon Hams, Samp-on W. I Iain-, Thomas L. flam*, Haven,
Hickman, Holnnan, Ifou-ton, Jewett, George W Jones,
J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Jjeteher, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar.-hall, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Mai shall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Mill&on, Oir, Packer, Peek,Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Cimtman, Ricaud, Rivers, RulTm, Ru-t, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephen?. Stewatt, Swope, Talbott,
Taylor, Tuppe, Undeiwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner,
Wheeler, Whitnev, Williams, Winslow,Daniel B. Wught,
John V. Wnglit, and Zollicoffei—98.
So the motion to leconsider xvas laid on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Rciolci"i, (the Senate coneunuig,) That, the Presidentof
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Repiesenta-
tives be directed, at tour o'clock, p. in., to deelaie their
re.-pective Houses adjourned sine die.
Mr. MILLSON. I object. I will never agree
to adjourn this session of Congress until the Army
appropriation bill is passed.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the Speaker
direct the Scrgeant-at-Anns to compel the attend-
ance of absentees.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
in the form in which it is presented.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then 1 move a call of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to take
from the Speaker's table, a bill (S. No. 463) to
correct an error that occurred in the engiossment
of an act.
Mr. ORR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be re-
; ceivod, unless by general consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
what the bill is, but I suppose it is the first bill
; in order, after the other one is taken from the
: Speaker's table.
; The title of the bill was reported as follows:
! An at t to supply an omission in the eniollment
; of a certain act.
J Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to proceed to tho
I busiuoshs on the Speaker's table.
Tho SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I object to the consideration of that
bill. I object to any other business but the Army
bill being done. That was the understanding.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the Flouse refused to insist on its disagreement
II to the Senate amendment.
jl The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
|' that the motion to reconsider is not in order. If
I! the House propose to retrace its steps, it must do
f so regularly, and m progression.
!j Mr. MILLSON. I am not embarrassed now
j! by the operations of the previous question or by
■ i a motion to lay on the table, and therefore there
enn be no reason founded on the rules of the
House why the Speaker should not inform the
House of the effect of the motion which may be
made. I confess that one of the objects which I
have now in rising, is to invoke the opinion of
the Chair as to the effect of a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to in-
sist on their disagreement.
