mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand the facts are
these i The committee reported the original prop-
osition to give the committee power to send for
persons and papers; and a proposition to amend
that was offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina. After that was offered, and while pend-
ing, the original proposition and pending amend-
ment were sent back to the committee, with in-
structions to report the reasons for their applica-
tion. i presume those questions—that is, the
Original resolution and amendment—are now be-
fore the House on the report of the committee
' under, and covered by, the pending motion to
recommit, with additional instructions. If the
previous question be ordered to be now put the
lirst question would be upon the motion to recom-
mit with instructions. Suppose that to be voted
down, would not the question then be upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, as
the question now stands before the House. The
only two questions now before the House are,
first, the motion to recommit, offered by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] anu
then upon agreeing to the resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then, if the previous ques-
tion be sustained at this stage of the proceedings,
the House cannot get a vote upon the proposition
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn.]
The SPEAKER. That is the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I have one
remark to address to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn.]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
pending the order for the previous question. De-
bate has been objected to on all sides.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
upon seconding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Gilbert were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 7b, noes 96.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ORR. Am I to understand that the amend-
ment which 1 offered to the original report of the
committee is not now before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is no question before the House except the
motion to recommit with instiuctions, moved by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,]
and the resolution itself.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, what has become of
the amendment which I offered to the original
resolution? It was sent to the committee with
instructions to report back their reasons for their
resolution, but not to suppress the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The order will be read by
the Clerk.
The order was read, as follows:
" On motion by Mr. Ollit, it wan
*l Ordered, That the said resolution, together with the
pending amendment, be i ('committed to the Committee
ol Election*, with lustiuction^ to report the reasons ami
grounds upon winch they ask the authority of tins Hou&e
to send for persons and papers."
The SPEAKER. The amendment was recom-
mitted to the Committee of Elections, with the
original resolution, with instructions to report
back their reasons.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question is, what has
become of those resolutions? Are they not now
before the House?
The SPEAKER. They were not reported
back by the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. They were before the House
—the original resolution of the committee and the
substitute of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn;] the House was discussing them; and they
were recommitted to the committee with instruc- i
tions to report to the House the reasons why j
they asked for the adoption of the resolution, j
The resolutions were not under their control; j
they were not instructed to change either resolu-
tion, but only to report reasons. The resolutions
were before the House, and upon them we were
acting. The committee were only instructed to
five us the reasons which hadinfluenced its mem-
era to ask ths House to adopt the resolution; and i;
under any circumstances our committees are
bound to report back to the House all matter of
the House, which had been committed to them:
they may report amendments, but the original
proposition originating in the House must come
The SPEAKER. The vote of the House, in
terms, recommitted to the Committee of Elec-
tions the resolution and the pending amendment.
The amendment has not been reported to the
House, but is yet before the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Elections originally reported a resolution to
authorize that committee to send for persons and
papers in this contested-election case. After that
resolution had been under discussion for some
time, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
had read at the desk a resolution which he said he
should offer as an amendment to the resolution,
which amendment proposed to send a commis-
sioner to that Territory to take testimony to report
to this committee. A motion was then pending to
reco mmit, and of course the amendment was out of
order at that time. At a subsequent stage of the
proceeding, the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Boyce] withdrew his motion to recommit,
and proposed as an amendment, in lieu of the com-
mittee's resolution, substantially the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Indiana, differ-
ing only by placing two persons upon the com-
mission, instead of one; and when in that con-
dition, the gentleman from South Carolina moved
to recommit to the Committee of Elections, with
instructions to report to the House their reasons
for wishing to send for persons and papers.
Now, sir, I make this question—that that com-
mittee have no right to smother up or to withhold
from this House the original resolution and the
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina committed to them; but they must report
back the resolution and amendment with such
recommendations as they may think right and
proper. They must report it back; and, if they
think it should be done, recommend the House
to reject the amendment proposing to send out
commissioners, and to adopt the original resolu-
tion reported by them, either in that form or in
such modified form as the committee should agree
upon. And then, sir, it would be for the House
to determine between the two propositions—to
take the recommendation of the committee or
take the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina, or such other proposition as might be
submitted to and agreed upon by the majority of
the House. Why, sir, if a bill be introduced
here, and referred to a committee, can that com-
mittee come back here with a new bill, and never
say anything to the Houtc as to what they have
done with the bill sent to them ? I think not, sir;
and there is no such case, i take it, in the his-
tory of legislation of Congress, where a commit-
tee have kept the thing referred to them, and ^ot
clear of all the objectionable amendments or bills
referred to them, and come back with a new prop-
osition of their own, saying nothing to the House
what they have done with the proposition referred
to them, and then to preclude all votes on other
issues, to bring the House to a direct vote on their
proposition under the operation of the previous
question. That is not the way, sir, in which
legislation has been or should be conducted; and
I cannot think, Mr. Speaker, that you will decide
that it is in oider.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to inquire on
what question this debate is going on?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina addressed an inquiry to the Chair, which
the Chair answered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And the gentlemen from
Tennessee is arguing it?
The SPEAKER. By general consent of the
House the gentleman from Tennessee submitted
his remarks.
Mr. GIDOINGS. Then I desire to give notice
that 1 will submit to no such general argument
hereafter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe that
the Committee of Elections understood their duty
when this resolution was submitted m this way.
There were two resolutions before the House—
one to send for persons and papers, and one pro-
viding for a commissioner. These two resolu-
tions were committed to the committee, and they
fully understood that they had a right, on the
recommitment to them, to consider which of these
resolutions they should report back. They de-
cided to report back the first. They were also
instructed to report their reasons, and they did
so. They reported back one of the resolutions
which haft been so referred to them by the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. I desired simply to state
the views of the committee—and I believe their
unanimous views—in regard to this question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to know at
what time it will be proper to decide this ques-
tion. Dissenting as I dtf from the judgment of
the Chair, I desire the opinion of the House on
the point of order, unless the Chair, on examina-
tion of the question, satisfied itself that it had
fallen into an error. Fur that purpose 1 make the
point of order, and propose to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, if the Chairholds,
as intimated, that the Committee of Elections
have a right to withhold from the House the res-
olution, or, if it were a bill, the bill referred to
them, and to reporta new resolution or a new bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no de-
cision on that point.
Mr. COBB. The Chair has intimated and
stated that the effect of the previous question
would be to bring the House to a direct vote on
the resolution last reported by the Committee of
Elections. The point I make is, that the resolu-
tions referred to that committee have been neces-
sarily reported back to the House; and the resolu-
tion now reported they offer to the House as a
substitute, by way of amendment, for the resolu-
tion referred to them by the House. If the Chair
does not coincide m that opinion, I trust it will
so decide before the debate be concluded, in order
that an appeal maybe taken, and the point de-
cided by the House intelligently.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the con-
dition of the question. The Chair was inquired
of as to what the question was, and stated in
reply that the first question was on the motion to
recommit the resolution with instructions, and
then upon agreeing or disagreeing to the resolution
itself. The gentleman from South Carolina asked
whether his amendment were pending, and the
Chair replied that, by the order of the House, it
had been referred to the Committee of Elections,
and that that committee had not reported that
amendment or resolution to the House.
Mr. COBB. Then I understand the Chair to
hold, that the only resolution now pending before
the House is the resolution last reported by the
Committee of Elections. The Chair is right in
stating that the motion to recommit is the first
question; but I understand the Chair to say, that
if the House refuse to recommit, the only question
then pending before the House will be on agreeing
to the resolution last reported by the Committee
of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The question will be on that
resolution.
Mr. COBB. If that is the decision of the
Chair, I appeal from the decision of the Chair;
and I think that the Chair, if it reflect for one
moment on that question, will see that I am
clearly right in the point which I now make
Suppose it were a bill which had been referred to
the Committee of Elections, instead of a resolu-
tion. When a bill has been referred to one of the
standing committees of the House, and the com-
mittee come to the conclusion that that bill is not
right, but that another bill should be substituted
for it, can they withhold the hill referred to them
by the House, under instructions in regard to it,
and report a new bill? Is it not necessary for
them to report back the bill to the House, and re-
port the amendments to the bill which they, as a
committee, recommcnd to the House to adopt?
So, sir, it is with resolutions. A resolution is
referred to a committee, and they are instructed
to inquire into it and report it back. If they pre-
fer another resolution, it is their duty to report it
as an amendment to the one which was referred
to them, and report back both to the House. In
this case the resolution, together with the pend-
ing amendment, was referred to the Committee
of Elections. They report back, with their rec-
ommendation to adopt what they now propose
as an amendment to the resolution referred to
them by the House. The question appears to
me too clear to require argument.
The SPEAKER. In stating the question, tha
