1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
degree, authority which I did not think was
warranted by usage and sanctioned by the highest
and plainest precedents.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented a
resolution of the Legislature of Kentucky, in
favor of an appropriation for removing obstruc-
tions to navigation in the Cumberland river, at
Shadowen's and Smith's shoals; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky in favor of the passage of the
bill, (S. No. 109,) now pending in the Senate, to
provide for the settlement of the claims of the
officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan children of those who died in
the service; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Joseph
Clarke, a free man of color, who acted as waiter
to a company of volunteers in the Creek war of
1836, praying for a pension, on account of a
wound received in the service; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of James Love,
heir of Dr. John Love, a surgeon's mate in the
revolutionary army, praying to be allowed com-
mutation pay, and the pension to which the widow
of Dr. Love was entitled after his decease; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. PISH presented a resolution of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York in favor of an
appropriation for the purchase by the United
States of Commander I>. 1<\ Sand's invention for
taking deep sea soundings; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Lemuel
Worster, praying to be allowed bounty land in
consideration of his services as waiter to an officer
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MALLOitY, it was
Ordered, That (Hp petition of John l\ Haidwm, on tho
files of the Senate, be roieired to tile Committee on Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo?-e laid brfore the
Senate a letter fiom the Secretary of the Territory
of New Mexico, accompanied by copies of the
laws passed by the Legislature of the Territory
of New Mexico at the session of 1855 and 1856;
which, on motiog of Mr. Stuart, was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Jle also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Tieasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, a
statement showing the amount of revenue col-
lected from customs in California since the 30th
of June, 1848; the value of imports and exports,
including-gold dust and gold and silver bullion,
and quicksilver, for the .same period; which was
read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
lie Also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, a map of the
peninsula of Florida, illustrative of the recent sur-
veys for a canal, executed by virtue of an appro-
priation made for that purpose; which was read.
Mr. YULEE moved that the map be printed;
which motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee, on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
^08) for the relief of William Humphreys, Jr.,
owner of fishing schooner Good Exchange, lost
at sea, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of N. P. Bemis, praying
IV.:• the remission of certain duties, asked to be
discharged iVom its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Finance;
which was agreed to.
ELLSWORTH CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the }ointresolution
(S. R. No. 2j) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to modify the plan of the eustom-house
at Ellsworth, Maine^ have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and to recommend its
passage. I ask for its consideration at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution, which provides that
the cost of the proposed modification shall not
exceed the sum of $>3,000.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was read the third
time and passed.
SUSPENDED LAND ENTRIES. ,
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred House bill (No.
311) to revive and continue in forcc the provis-
ions of the act of 1853, in relation to suspended
entries of public lands, and the act of 1846, in
relation to suspended preemption land claims,
have instructed, me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. Inasmuch as this bill proposes
to revive laws which have been in force hereto-
fore, for some time, and arc found very beneficial
by the Department in adjusting contested claims,
I am instructed to ask the Senate to put the bill
on its passage at once. There are some cases
now pending in the Department which require
immediate action.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
It proposes to revive the acts alluded to in the
title of the bill, and to make their provisions
applicable to all cases of suspended entries and
locations which have arisen since those acts were
passed, or which were omitted to be acted upon
under them, and also to cases of a similar char-
acter which may hereafter occur. They are also
to be considered as applying to locations under
bounty land warrants, as well as to ordinary en-
tries.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to submit a report
from the Committee on Printing, in relation to
the printing of the agricultural portion of the
Patent Oflice report. As required under the
rules, the committee submit an estimate of the
expense, and a letter from the Commissioner o^
Patents asking for the publication of the agri-
cultural portion of his report. We submit a res-
olution to print the usual amount of extra num-
bers for distribution—fifty-five thousand—live
thousand for the use of the Commissioner, and
fifty thousand for the use of the Senate.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the u«ual
number, littv-five thousand copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of Patents winch relates to agriculture, together
with flu* plate* noceswiiy to illustrate the same, (provided
said lepoit ^hall noi exceed five hundred and fifty pages,)
five thousand copies of which shall be for the use of the
Comuu^Moncr of Patents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The estimate
will now be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Estimate for the printing, of the Jlgricultural Pat-
ent Ofli< e Report foi 1855; jive hundred and sixty pages,
and illustrations.
Estimate for the u&ual number, 1,400 copies :
Letter press punting, &.c $811 Q8
Paper for the same  4-11 00
Four thousand two hundied colored
pei hundred plates, at §157 50
Paper for tlw «.ame      12 50
Drawing, engraving, and electrotyp-
mg ten pages of woodcuts, at §00
each        f,00 00
Making  670 00
Total for 1,400 copies.. ....$1,922 28
Estimate tor 5f>,000 extra copies:
Press-work, &e   $4,969 80
Paper  12,375 00
One hundred and hixty-five thousand colored
plates  6,187 50
Paper for plati-h      -140 00
Binding 55,000 copies    7,287 50
Total for 55,000 copies §31.259 80
The resolution was agreed to.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate resolutions of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, concerning the recent assault upon the
Hon. Charles Sumner.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. In the year 1856.
Resolves concerning the recent assault upon the Hon. Charlet
Sumner at Washington.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts^ That we have re-
ceived, with deep concern, information of the recent violent
assault committed in the Senate Chamber, at Washington,
upon the person of the lion. Charles Sumner, one of our
representatives m Congiess, by Preston S. Brooks, a
member of the House of Representatives from South Car-
olina—an assault which no provoeauon could justify—bru-
tal and cowaidly in itself—a gross breach of parliamentary
privilege—a ruthless attack upon the liberty of speech—an
outrage of the decencies of civilized life, and an indignity
to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts, in the
name of her free and enlightened people, demands for her
representatives in the National Legislature entire freedom
of speech, and will uphold them m the proper exercise of
that essential right of American citizens.
Resolved, That we approve of Mr. Sumner's manliness
and courage in his earnest and fearless declaration of free
principles, and his defense of human rights and free terri-
tory.
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts is im-
peratively called upon by the plainest dictates of duty, from
a decent regard to the rights of her citizens, and re«pcct
for her chaiacter as a sovereign State, to demand, and the
Legislature of Massachusetts hereby docs demand, of the
National Congress, a prompt and strict investigation into
the reccnt assault upon Senator Sumner, and the expulsion
by the House of Representatives of Mr. Brooks, of South
Carolina, and any other member concerned with liini in
said assault.
Resolvedt That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of thWhregoing resolves to the Pi esident
of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives,
and to each of the Senators and members of the House of
Representatives from this Cpmmonwealth in the Congress
of the United States.
House op Representatives, May29,1856.
Passed. CHARLES A. PHELPS, Speaker.
Passed.
Applied.
In Senate, May 30,3 806.
ELIIIU C. BAKER, President.
May 31,1856.
HENRY J. GARDINER.
Secretary of State's Office, Boston,
May 31, 1856.
I ccrtify the foregoing to be a true copy of the original
resolves.
Attest: FRANCfrS DE WITT,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
Mr. P>UTLER. Mr. President, X gave noticc,
in anticipation of those resolutions, that I should
speak to them when they were presented. They
contain a foregone conclusion, for you will ob-
serve that they pronounce judgment on Mr.
Brooks six days before any investigation was
had in the other House or anything- communi-
cated to the public. The extraordinary spectacle
is presented to the Senate of the United States,
of one of the oldest Commonwealths in this
Confederacy pronouncing judgment without evi-
dence, six days before there was any investiga-
tion. "What an insulting mockery is presented
by their asking the Senate to investigate after
tKey have given way to a foregone conclusion on
the subject I But, sir, I move now that the reso-
lutions'lic on the table and be printed, as I intend
to speak to them.
The motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN REGULATIONS OF COMMERCE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to take up Senate
bill (S. No. 264) to amend an act entitled " An
act requiring foreign regulations of commerce to
be laid annually before Congress," appioved
August 16,1842, and for other purposes. There
is an urgent necessity for immediate action on it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill. It proposes to make it the duty of the
Secretary of State to lay before Congress annu-
ally, within sixty days after the commencement of
each ordinary session, all commercial information
communicated to the State Department by con-
sular and diplomatic agents of this Government
abroad, or contained in the official publications
of other Governments, which he shall deem suf-
ficiently important. To enable him to-do this,
it is proposed to be made the duty of consuls and
commercial agents of the United States in foreign
countries, to procure and transmit to the Depart-
ment of State authentic commercial information
respecting these countries, of such a character,
and in such manner and form, and at such time,
as the Department may, from time to time, pre-
scribe.
