1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
It further gives authority to the Secretary of
State to appoint one clerk, to have charge of
statistics in his department and to be called
"Superintendent of Statistics," at a salary of
$2,000 per annum. He is to be allowed, as an
assistant, one clerk of the third class.
Mr. HAMLIN. The principal necessity for
this bill is embraced in the fact that the law which
now makes it the duty of our consuls abroad to
communicate certain information to the State De-
partment, is limited to " changes and modifica-
tions in commercial systems, while it should
contain, as this bill provides, " all commercial
information." The law, as it originally stood,
only required correct returns of the actual changes
which took place. A vast amount of information
has been communicated through the instructions
of various Secretaries of State to the State De-
partment, and it is there now on file, to be sub-
mitted after it has been properly collated. This
bill also proposes to make it the duty of our con-
suls hereafter to communicate other commercial
information, as well as existing changes. I have
a letter from the Secretary of State, which, if any
Senator desires it, may be read, stating the neces-
sity, in a few words, for immediate action on this
bill.
Mr. MASON. Let it be read.
Mr. HAMLIN. The first part of the letter is
merely preliminary; the second clause is all that
relates to the bill; but the Secretary may read it
all.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, June 9, 1856.
Sir: I have the honor to invite your attention to the
facts that, on the 24th of April last, a bill to amend the act
entitled " An act requiring the foreign regulations of com-
merce to be laid annually befoie Congress," appioved Au-
gust 16,1£42, was, at my request, introduced by you into
the Senate. It was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and on the 26th of May it was
reported back without amendment.
This bill (No. 264) so lieai !y concerns this Department,
that I deem it my duty earnestly to request that action
upon it may be had at the earliest practicable period.
The sole object of the bill is to give efficiency to the act
of 1842, requiring an annual report from this Department on
foreign regulations of commerce, which, for want of the
provisions now proposed, i cmaincd a dead letter more than
a dozen years; and, unless the amendments contemplated
are adopted, cannot be executed in future. No objection
fo the bill is anticipated, and it doubtless needs but to be
called up to be at once passed. Its immediate passage is
desirable in order that a circular may be sent to the consuls
of the United States to obtain and transmit the commercial
information, therein required, in season to be embodied in
the annual report of December next.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MA11CY.
lion. 11. Hamlin,
Chairman of the Committee on Commerce, Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House:
An act (S. No. 187) making appropriations for
the payment of certain claims.
An act (S. No.*232) to change the place of hold-
ing the courts of the United States in the district
of Delaware.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the folio wing reso-
lution yesterday submitted by him:
Whereas, dangerous popular disturbances, with insurrec-
tion and obstruction to the due execution of the laws, un-
happily prevail in the Territory of Kansas; and whereas, it
is of great importance that the military forces which may
be employed lor the suppression of those in&urrcetionary
distui bailees, and for the restoration of law, peace, and pro-
tection to the good people of the Territory, should be con-
ducted with the greatest discretion and judgment, and
should be under the command of an officer whose rank and
reputation would render his services most useful and bene-
ficial to Ins country in the present crisis—a crisis requiring
firmness and prudencc, energy and conciliation: Be it
therefore
Resolved, by Ike Senate of the United States, That the
President be, and is hereby, requested to employ the mil-
itary services of Lieutenant General Scott m the pacifica-
tion of Kansas, and m the immediate direction and command
of all the forces employed, or to be employed, for that pur-
pose, under &uch instructions, and with such authority and
power, as the President can and may think proper to give
to and confer upon him.
The yeas and nays were called for, and ordered
on the motion.
Mr. YULEE. I shall vote against taking up
this resolution, because I consider it to be one of
an important character, and the Senate is certainly
too thin for action upon it now. It is evident that
the seats are not half filled, and many Senators
«sent from the city. I hope the Senator from
cky will consent to waive his motion for
ssent.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, in reply to
my friend from Florida, I will say that, if it is
important to do this thing at all, it is important
to do it quickly. I anticipate great benefits from
this resolution. I trust that it will be effective.
If the Senate will agree to send General Scott into
this Territory, the effect of it throughout the
country must be to calm the public mind, which
is at this moment in a state of great excitemcnt
in reference to Kansas affairs. If it has no other
effect, that will be a great good.
As regards the thinness of the Senate, I will
say to my friends on the other side of the Cham-
ber, that it is not probable we shall have a full
Senate until the political conventions which have
been sitting, and are about to sit, shall have all
adjourned. If we put this resolution off until
then, I fear it may be too late to do any good. I
should much prefer to act upon it at once.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I shall vote
against taking up this resolution, partly for the
reason assigned by my friend from Florida, that
the Senate is very thin; and, I think, on a matter
of so much importance, we ought to have the voice
of the whole Senate; and partly because I think
such a movement on the part of the Senate is cal-
culated to increase any alarm or panic which now
exists in the country, by a senatorial intimation
that we think we have difficulties in Kansas,which
I do not myself believe exist there, or are likely
to exist; and lastly, for the reason that, so far as
I am concerned, ^ am not willing, as a Senator,
to assume any part of the executive functions of
this Government. The President of the United
States, with the advice of his Cabinet, has charge
of the executive functions, and with the Presi-
dent I am willing to leave this matter. He knows
who General Scott is, and appreciates his great
talents, and his vast military experience; and if
he thought him the most proper man to take
charge of Kansas affairs, he doubtless would
have sent him there before this. J am not for
mingling up the responsibilities cf the* Govern-
ment by having the legislative branch assume
any portion of the executive functions, or the
executive branch asume any portion of the legis-
lative functions. If difficulties come, I wish to
know who is responsible for them. If there was
such imminent peril, and I believed the President
was neglecting his duty, I would get over scru-
ples of this kind; I would leap the chasm to reach
the point of safety; but I see no difficulties which
prompt me to take this extraordinary course.
With great deference to the experience of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, who moves
this resolution, I have ventured to make these
remarks.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like very
much, sir, to have the Senate at least take up
this resolution, and ascertain what is the sense of
the body in regard to it. Is it certain that there
will be any serious opposition on the part of a
great number of the members of the Senate to the
proposition ? If so, and it is likely to be serious-
ly contested, there is some weight in the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from Florida.
We do not yet know, however, but that this
proposition will meet the approval of a decided ;
majority of the Senate.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi suggests that he can see the subject which
is now brought to the notice of the Senate, in no
such serious aspect as is presented by the terms
of the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. Let me ask him if he gives no credit
to the numerous communications which have
found their way to the public by telegraphic dis-
patches, by correspondence on both sides of the
party question—if he pleases to call it so—which
exists in Kansas. Are there not representations
of bloodshed, almost from day to day, in several
parts of Kansas, extending from the northern, as
I understand lately, to the most southern settle-
ments of the Territory, and along the whole line
of the border of Missouri? Docs he not under-
stand that there are murders and outrages of the
most shocking description committed there ? i
say this as I understand it, and as I find it reported
in the public newspapers, not only by telegraphic
dispatches,but by reliable correspondents on ooth
sides. Although they differ in their representa-
tions of circumstances, all agree in the main facts.
Is there nothing serious in this? Is there nothing
to call for prompt consideration in circumstances
such as these? orare these statements discredited
and disbelieved by my friend from Mississippi ?
If he gives them no credit, I can easily see tnat
he may think there is no occasion for the prompt
action of the Senate on this question; but if they
be credited to any extent, no Senator can doubt
that the subject does demand immediate and
prompt consideration.
As I understand the resolution of the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky, it does not pro-
pose to direct the President of the United States
m the execution of his executive duties. We
have not the power to do it. The Senator from
Kentucky does not pretend it; and no man can
pretend it. But can we suggest nothing, can we
advise nothing, can we prefer no request to the
President? Arc we so powerless that we must
sit mum under such extraordinary circumstances
as these? I predicate everything I say on the
truth of the facts to which I have alluded. Are
they true or false ? If they are true, a house is on
fire; the conflagration may extend to the whole
city, and we are urged to wait until we can finish
the investigation of the causes which led to the
conflagration, and ferret out the incendiaries be-
fore we extinguish the flames; a flame is kindled
in Kansas which threatens to extend beyond the
borders, and sweep over the whole country.
Is there nothing serious in this view of the
subject? All the debates on it heretofore have
seemed to me to proceed pretty much, as was
stated by the Senator from Kentucky yesterday,
in the investigation of points not conncctcd with,
and providing no remedy for the immediate sup-
pression of, this internecine strife—most unnat-
ural and most discreditable to the Government—
inflicting a stain on its character and furnishing a
practical negation of its competency to maintain
the peace of the country, which I had trusted never
to live to witness. ^
It seems to me that a crisis is upon us. We are
in a condition which does demand that we should
do whatever we can do for the restoration of
peace and order in Kansas. It seems to me we
are precisely m the condition in which my friend
from Mississippi says he would be willing to
dismiss his scruples as to our strict powers in
adopting such a resolution as this. Although I
admit that this resolution seems to be going a
little beyond the bounds of our ordinary legis-
lative functions in recommending and suggesting
to the President what we wish or desire him to
do for the pacification of Kansas, I think we are
in a situation in which we ought not to hesitate
to do whatever is in our power to bring to the
notice of the Executive the opinion of the Senate
as to the dangers which impend over the Union.
For these reasons I should like to see this res-
olution taken up, that we may ascertain whether
the opposition which has been expressed by my
friend from Mississippi be participated in by any
large number of the Senate. If it be so, and we
are likely to have a protracted discussion, and a
serious opposition to it, I can perceive that it
would be very desirable to have a full Senate; but
1 can hardly suppose that such will be the case.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Tennessee
asks me whether I credit the reports which come
to us from Kansas ? To a very limited extent I
do; but that a vast arffount of the material in the
form of telegraphic dispatches and reports which
we get from that country is made up and manu-
factured for the occasion,! have no doubt. It
has been so in the past; it is very likely to be so
now; and it will continue to be so as long as
certain parties in this country can use that sort
of material to inflame the public mind. That
there have been some outrages there—that there
may have been outrages on both sides, I do not
pretend to stand up here and question; but that
there have been the terrible murders, the burning
and bombarding of cities, and all the fearful out-
rages of which we have accounts through the
telegraphic offices, I do not believe. There is
nothing to warrant me in belieying3t* We know
how far the early reports fell short of verification
when we obtained the truth, in days that are
