1856.
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
as a crisis threatening entirely to change the equi-
librium of the different departments of this Govern-
ment, I regard the measure as not simply uncon-
stitutional, but in the highest degree revolution-
ary. If the House of Representatives, as in this
case, by a majority of two, can incorporate into
an appropriation bill, contrary to all parliamentary
rules, and all constitutional propriety, obnoxious
legislation, for the purpose of coercing the Senate
of the United States into its adoption upon one
subject, they can upon another. They can refuse
an appropriation for the support of the judiciary
if its decisions are not acceptable to that body.
They can refuse an appropriation for the support
of the executive department, unless its action is
Satisfactory to the majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives. If they can force upon the Senate,
by an appropriation bill, legislation of this kind
on one subject, they can upon any subject, and
upon every subject which can be presented to a
legislative body.
Now, sir, the question is, are we to yield, at
the very outset, to the first attempt of this kind
which has been made since the establishment of
the Uovernment? I should be obliged to abandon
my sense of duty to the Constitution and to the
country, if for a moment I could yield to any
attempt on the part of that body, or ask them to
yield to any attempt on the part of this body, to
force legislation upon either by stopping the
wheels of Government. No, sir, I will never
yield m such a case. It would be the subversion
of the Constitution; it would be the prostration
of those barriers which our fathers erected for the
purpose of checking the different branches of the
Government—the executive, the judicial, and the
legislative. If the House of Representatives send
us any bill on any subject, I will, as a member
of this body, d#hbeiate on the propriety of that
bill, and vote upon it according to my sense of
duty; but when they send the Army appropri-
ation bill, or any other appropriation bill to carry
on the ordinary operations of the Government,
and propose by it to fasten upon us legislation
which we cannot adopt, from our own sense of
duty and propriety, I will on this occasion, and
on every occasion, take my stand upon the Con-
stitution , and maintain it m its integrity. I should
forego all rcspect for myself, all respect for the
body to which I belong, and all consideration of
the best interests of the country, if I were not to
do so. I have no option; I cannot yield; I am
bound to remain here as long as this Congress
exists, as one member of it, to resist any attempt
of tins character, which would utterly destroy
the equilibrium between the different branches of
Congress, and between the different departments
of the Government, as established by the Consti-
tution.
Without looking to the legislation proposed in
the proviso, I am bound to take this sLand; but
when I look into it what do I see there? I see,
in the first place, a proposition that it shall be the
duty of the President of the United States to go
into the States upon the highways leading in the
direction of Kansas, and there usurp the un-
doubted powers of the State governments. It
purports to make it the duty of the President to
interfere with persons and property in the States,
and there protect them from unlawful seizures
and searches. Now I desire to know what au-
thority the President of the United States has to
go into any State and exert any power whatever,
as president, to prevent unlawful seizures of per-
sons or property? Is there any Senator in this j
body—is there any man in the country who will j
say that the President, under the Constitution,
has any such power? Where do you find it?
What becomes of the sovereign power of the
States? Can the President of the United States
interfere in a mere case of trespass on person or
property upon the highway in any State of this
Union? Every one knows that he has no such
power, and that this Government has no such
jurisdiction. It is a matter belonging exclusively
to the States. It is controlled by State laws. The
judicial authorities of the States must interfere for
the purpose of adjudicating and disposing of all
questions of tliatkmd. It is only in the case of in-
surrection or rebellion, or to enforce legal process
under the express provisions of the Constitution,
that the President can interfere. This proviso, so
far from conforming to the Constitution 111 this
respect, undertaken to confer upon the Pitsidcnt
authority to go into the States, and to exercise
powers within their limits over persons and prop-
erty , which would lead to the utter subversion of
their governments. Sir, it is no less unconstitu-
tional than the attempt to coerce the Senate by
stopping appropriations in order to fasten upon
the country legislation which the Senate is unwill-
ing to adopt. Sir, as far as this proviso goes, it
blots out State lines and State governments, and
sets up a consolidated government. Will any one
pretend that there can be any such power under the
present Constitution ? If the President can protect
persons and property in oryj portion of the country,
can he not in another ? Can the President march
an army into one of the southern States, and being
of opinion with some, that slavery does not and
cannot exist, interfere there, and protect persons
and property according to his notions ? Where
are the impassable boundaries of the Constitution
more distinctly visible ? In my judgment a more
flagrant and palpable violation of it than that con-
tained in this proviso, can hardly fcfe imagined.
The alipn and sedition laws do not come up to
the power that is attempted to be exercised in this
part of the proviso.
But, sir, this proviso invades the executive and
judicial departments of the Government. It
directs that the President shall not use his con-
stitutional power to see that the laws are exe-
cuted as adjudicated by the courts. It attempts
to limit and control the constitutional power of
the President and the constitutional action of the
judicial department, both of which are clothed
with certain powers and charged with certain
duties which they are not at liberty to neglect.
Without repealing the laws, it undertakes to pro-
vide that the judgments and decrees of the Fed-
eral courts founded upon them shall not be en-
forced in the usual manner by the constitutional
power of the President. Does any one doubt
the validity of the Kansas act? No one has ever
expressed any such doubt. Does any one doubt
that the judges of Kansas are lawful judges
appointed under the Constitution? Does any
one doubt that the judges appointed by the Pres-
ident and confirmed by the Senate, and holding
courts in that Territory, are holding lawful courts,
and that itis their duty to adjudicate all questions
brought before them, affecting the rights of per-
sons, the rights of property, or the public secu-
rity? But by this proviso, if it be valid, the
arms distributed to the militia are to be with-
drawn, the troops of the United States are not to
be employed, the President is not to exercise his
constitutional power to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed, the courts are to see their decrees
set at defiance, sentences against criminals, if
resisted, are to go unexecuted, judgments in favor
of the citizen for the redress of private wrongs,
or for the recovery of property or estate, are to
remain a dead letter, and the Territory to be
delivered over to anarchy and confusion.
I allude to these characteristics of the proviso;
but, unconstitutional and deplorable as it is, I
deem it of less importance than the main question
which was presented so clearly by my honorable
friend from Virginia. It is an attempt, not only
to control the Executive and judiciary, but to dic-
tate legislation to this coordinate branch of Con-
gress for that unconstitutional purpose, contrary
to its known will, by attaching that legislation to a
necessary appropriation bill, and insisting upon
it as the condition of its passage, the failure of
which would thus far stop the wheels of Govern-
ment.
Sir, I shall not go further into the subject at the
present time. T should have been very glad to
have had an opportunity to do so. I think I
could show that 110 serious question exists in
regard to the validity of the Kansas Legislature,
which the courts of justice could entertain, and
that 110 serious question exists as to the validity
of the laws of Kansas, excepting those which we
admit to be unconstitutional and void, and which
have never been enforced; but the occasion for-
bids—want of time forbids. Prevented, as I have
been, by illness, from occupying my seat here
for some time past, I could not allow the vote to
be taken without declaring, thus far at least, my
sentiments upon a measure likely to be followed
by momentous consequences.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts permit me to make a suggestion
to him ? Whilst we are detaining this bill in the
Senate, the House of Representatives has nothing
to act upon. I -can well conceive that many gen-
tlemen are desirous ofgiving their opinions on this
question so grave and so interesting to the pub-
lic; but it appears to me the debate might as well
continue in the shape of reasons given for the
vote after the vote shall have been taken, as de-
bate in advance, and that the better plan would
be by unanimous consent to take a vote, and
then let gentlemen who desire to address the Sen-
ate in justification of their votes go on with the
debate. If we go on with the debate now, we
may be three, four, or five days without giving
the House of Representatives an opportunity of
knowing our determination. Their hands are
tied until they hear from us what we are going
to do with this bill. I propose, therefore, by
unanimous consent*, that we take a vote, and
go on with the debate afterwards, if that suits
the Senator from Massachusetts. [ " Agreed ! "
"Agreed!"]
Mr. WILSON. I should ha ve preferred to go
on and speak upon the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Virginia to adhere; but as there seems
to be a general wish all around the Senateihat the
vote shall be taken, and the debate then go on, I
will consent to that arrangement.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The question, I
think, is not upon adheiing, butwhetlier the Sen-
ate will insist and ask for another committee of
conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is 011 adhering. The Senate have already voted
to insist.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I thought the Chair
decided yesterday, that the question of insisting
had priority of adhering.
Mr. DOXJGLAS. We have voted to insist.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But we can vote
to insist half a dozen times.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decided, that when a bill was Sirst brought from
the House, a motion to insist took precedence of
a motion to adhere; but the Senate having already
insisted on its amendment to this bill, the ques-
tion now is upon adhering.
Upon that question the yeas and nays are
asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
on the motion to adhere, I wish to say a word in
regard to the question as I understand it. I am
not going into a discussion of the matters which
have been spoken of this morning; but merely
wish to say a word as to the maimer in which
this bill is before us.
It has been assumed by several Senators that
the House of Representatives has acted in an
unparliamentary manner by adhering. Such I
understand not to be the fact; but the discourtesy
between the two Houses is on the part of the
Senate. The facts are these: the House originated
this bill, and sent it to the Senate. The Senate
made an amendment by striking out a provision
of the bill. The bill was then returned to the House,
and the House refused to agree to the Senate's
amendment, and informed the Senate of the fact.
When the bill was returned herewith the refusal
of the House to agree to our amendment, the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] moved that
the Senate insist, and gave notice at the same
time that he would not move for a committee of
conference. We were the insisting House. The
practice, so far as I understand it, has been for
the body which insists upon its amendment to
ask for a conference. Here, then, was the dis-
courtesy. We insisted upon an amendment
which we had made to the House bill, and gave
notice, when we did insist, that we should ask for
no committee of conference. The House had
then nothing to do but to adhere to the bill as
they had passed it. They were not the proper
' body to take the initiative in asking for a confer-
ence. The Senate were guilty of the first dis-
courtesy. They should have asked foraconfer-
ence according to the usual practice, when they
insisted on their amendment to this bill:
Mr. HUNTER. There was no discourtesy
practiced by the Senate on my regard
to the House of Representatives. The mildest
form 111 which we could disagree with the House
was that of insisting, and that I proposed. I
said at the time, that this matter had been can-
