22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
vassed between the two Houses so often and so
long, that I saw no necessity for a conference,
ana should not move for one; but if the House
asked for one I should move to appoint a com-
mittee of conference to meet them. Nor is this
course unexampled. It was in that very way
that we settled the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill last week. It was when
we had insisted without asking for a eonfercncc,
that the House receded and settled the bill. My
object was to enable them to get at the question
sooner, not by way of discourtesy; nor do I pre-
sume it was so taken by the House. It could not
have been, for there was no discourtesy in it.
If I had moved to adhere before insisting, there
would have been some discourtesy; but, on the
contrary, I moved to insist.
Mr. SEWARD. I am quite ready for this
question now as I have been all the way through,
and expect to be. I have nothing to say if the
debate stops where it is. It becomes my duty,
however, to announce before the vote is taken,
as I have said before, that I am prevented from
voting by having paired off with the honorable
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs;] and also
that my colleague, [Mr. Fisii,] if he were here,
would vote against the motion to adhere, but he
is absent, and has paired off with the honorable
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatiuck.]
Mr. CLAY. That is the understanding be-
tween my colleague, [Mr. Fitzpatiuck,] who
was necessarily called home, in consequence of
the sickness of his family, and Governor Fish.
I believe there is a further understanding that if
either returns he is not to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigqs,
Bigler, Bright, Hrodhead, Biovvn, Butler, Oa>s, Clay, Cnt-
tenden, Dodge, Doujilas, Coyer, Houston, Hunter, Ivorson,
Johnson, Jones ot Tennessee, Mallory, Ma^on, Peaice,
Piatt, Pugh, #etd, Sebastian, Slidcll, Stuart, Thompson
ot Kentucky, Touecv, VVeller, Wnglit, and Yulee—3.">.
NAYS — Messrs. Bell of Temie-^ce, Clayton, Durkee,
Foot, Foster, Hmlari, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—9.
So the motion to adhere was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask now that the resolu-
tion which I have submitted be taken up for con-
sideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I must object to that.
The PREtt! DENT pro tempore. Then it lies
•over under the rules, as a matter of course.
Mr. ADAMS. There was an understanding,
I think, that the discussion should go on after the
vote had been taken. The resolution offered by
tiie Senator from Delaware wtil give a basis for
a discussion, and make it in order. I hope there
will be no objection to considering it. Objection
can be made to taking (he vote on it if any Sen-
ator thinks proper; but for the purpose of having
the discussion in order, as with that understand-
ing Senators who wished to debate the subject
yielded to let us take the vote on the Army bill,
I hope there will be no objection to taking up the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York has objected, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. CLAYTON. May I be permitted to put
a question to the Senator from New York in all
courtesy ? I brought forward this measure as a
measure ofpeaceand reconciliation ;and I earnestly
hope the honorable Senator from New York will
indulge mc, so as to permit its consideration. I
know the honorable Senator is perfectly willing
to take the responsibility of his acts; but I sub-
mit to him that to stop the investigation of a
measure that is proposed (and I trusting believed
on the part of honorable membeis here, that lam
sincere in the assertion that it is intended only)
as a measure of peace — to reconcile the two
Houses of Congress, would be to incur a fearful
responsibility. I put it to my honorable friend
from New York, whether under such circum-
stances as these he can object to the considera-
tion of this question ? He has it in his power, as
any individual member here has, to prevent the
consideration of any measure of peace to the
country, but will he do that under all thecircum- ;
stances of this case? Under the exigencies of j
tins crisis* fearful as it is, will he prevent the dis- '
cussion ofa question of this description before the
Senate. I appeal to him, and trust he will with-
draw his objection, and suffer the measure to be
considered. I deem it premature,when bringing
forward this resolution to state what are the meas-
ures of peace and reconciliation which I desire to
present. It would be improper to state them at
this time; but it does seem to me, that so long as
there is a hope cherished—at least so long as there
is a belief entertained on the part of any member
of either House that a proposition can be made
which will reconcile the two Houses, the meas-
ure ought to be considered. I appeal again to the
honorable Senator to exercise that courtesy for
which he has always been remarkable on this
floor, and permit us to consider this question.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I need not
say that on an ordinary occasion there is no Sen-
ator on this floor, whatever my personal relations
to him might be, who would noteasily draw from
me a concession so small as it would be to waive
my single objection to the taking up of a resolu-
tion which he desired that the Senate should con-
sider. I am sure I need not say to the honorable
and distinguished Senator from Delaware, that of
all the Senators on this floor he is among the
very last to whom I would refuse to yield any-
thing that I could properly yield. Nevertheless,
sir, I cannot yield this point consistently with
my sense of duty to the country. I apprehend
no such disasters as the honorable Senator from
Delaware predicts. I entertain no fears or alarms
of any great public evil that is to result from the
action of the two Houses of Congress on this
question, whether they agree or whether they dis-
agree. If they agree, it will be in a constitutional
way; if they uisagree, the disagreement will be a
constitutional disagreement; and I desire that the
question may go to the country upon tlmt dis-
agreement. I desire that it may go mythatway.
With duo deference to so many distinguished
men from whom I dilfer here, i have made up
my mind, after careful weighing of the case, to
bear my own responsibilities, and I certainly be-
lieve that it is their desire and their purpose to
boar the responsibilities which rest upon them.
I want that disagreement or agreement brought
about in the ordinary way by the action of the
two Houses, according to parliamentary rule—by
the action of the two Houses in conference, ac-
cording to parliamentary law. I want no depart-
ure from that laworcustom. I wantnocommittee
of seven to meet a committee of eleven. I want
no change. 1 do not know any good that will
come from it. I have never seen any good come
from such extraordinary departures from usual
parliamentary legislation. Therefore, I object,
although my objection is sufficient to arrest all
proceeding for to-day. If the honorable Senator
is right, and the proceeding which he proposes is
wise, and the exigency is such as to call for it, it
will be just as wise <md just as right, and the exi-
gency just as great to-morrow, and then my in-
dividual objection will bo of no avail, lean con-
cede to honorable Senators everything; I can con-
cede to the honorable Senator from Delaware, as
I have said already, everything m the world ex-
cept to waive that objection which I take hi limine
to the new policy which he proposes to inaugu-
rate at this interesting stage of this great debate.
I prefer—I must bear the responsibility of it, as I
do cheerfully—to go in the old way. It is for
the other House to institute measures—not this;
and it is for those who diiFer on this great ques-
tion to determine whether it shall end where it
| does, or whether in the customary parliamentary
j mode of proceeding,we can come to an agree-
; ment.
Mr. CLAYTON. Pardon me for saying, in
reply to the honorable Senator from New York,
that this is not the extraordinary proposition
which he has thought it. Sir, it is just such a
one as is forced upon us by the extraordinary
circumstances in which we now stand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware is aware that debate is out of
order. ►
Mr. CLAYTON. I asked the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to proceed, and I supposed
there was no objection to the few remarks which
I wished to make. ["Noobjection."] I only wish
to vindicate myself from the charge of having in-
troduced an improper measure. When the two
Houses resolve to adhere in regard to any bill,
there is but this course left; and every man who
is acquainted with parliamentary law would tell
the honorable Senator himself—(I do not mean
to say he is not well acquainted with it; I think
he is)—but I believe every other man here who
is versed in that law will tell him there is no
other course, if we wish to save the Army, left to
us but the one 1 proposed to adopt.
I do not stand here to throw censure on the
Senator who has taken on himself the responsi-
bility of refusing to allow the proposition to be
considered, Every man has a right to take his
own course in regard to these things. I can only
express my deep regret that he has come to such
a decision. I shall avail myself of another op-
portunity when a single objection cannot prevent
the consideration of this measure.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know -whether
the Senator from Massachusetts wishes to be-
heard to-day? If not, I move that the Senate ad
journ us until twelve o'clock on Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule ad-
journs us until twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Had we not better meet
this evening ?
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 23, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No. 463) to supply an omission
in the enrollment of a certain act.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist on the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports of private bills
and private business from standing committees.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the United States Commissioner
in China, transmitting consular returns of fees,
&c.,and asking an appropriation by Congress,
in order to carry out the provisions of the act of
1848 in reference to the same.
Mr. ORR. Is that communication addressed
to the House ?
The SPEAKER. It comes through the Sec-
retary of State to this House. The indorsement
is: " Received at the Department of State, 22d
August, 1856."
Mr. ORR. I only inquired whether it came
regularly.
The SPEAKER. It is transmitted through
the office of the Secretary of State—the seal un-
broken—to the House of Representatives.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the com-
munication be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be piinted.
The motion was agreed to.
CHAPLAIN TO THE HOUSE.
Mr. MACE. For the purpose of perfecting the
organization of the House, I move that the House
now proceed to the election of a Chaplain,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. I thought a
Chaplain was elected for the Congress.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the Chaplain was elected for the session by res-
olution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It has always been usual
to elect a Chaplain for the Congress.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move a call of the House,
Mr. ALLISON. If it be in order, I move to
proceed to the selection of seats.
The SPEAKER, It is not in order pending
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia for a
call of the House.
Mr. CRAIGE. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akets, Bark^dale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianeh, Bioom. Bur-
nett, Caihvalader, John P. Campbell, Ca?kie, Bayard
CJaike, Clutgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullon, Davidson, Denver, Dow-
