654
APPENDIX TO T«E OOWGIfcfiSSIOaAL Gt£>BK.
[Jun© 21,
34th« Co?fG...JsT Sess.
Defense of AIaseach.ii$&U9~r~Mr. Rurlingtims.
Ho. op Reps.
with cities, and villages, and railroads* and that
in the country, in the place of twenty-five millions
of people, thirty-five millions would have hailed,
the riauiff mom exulting in republican. liberty
when we think of these tilings* how must every-
honest man—how must every man with brains
in his head, or heart in. his bosom-^-regret that
the policy of old Virginia, in, he* better days, did
noot become the animating policjw>f this expanding
Republic! .
It is a perversion of history, X say., wen the
President intimates that the adoption of the. Con-
stitution abrogated the. ordinance of 1781. It
was recognized by the first Congress which as-
sembled under the Constitution^ and it has been
sauctioned by nearly every Presioent from Wash-
ington down. It-is a, perversion of history when
the President intimates that the Missouri com-
promise waa made against the interests, of the
South, and for the benefit of the North- The
tnuth—the unmistakable truth is, that it was
forced by the South on the North- It received the
almost upi ted vote of the South. It was claimed as
a victory of the South- The men who voted, for it
were sustainedinthfiSouth; asd those who voted
for it in the North passed intooblivion;, and though
some off them are physically alive to-day* they
are as.politically dead, aa are thePresident and hi*
immediate advisers. Not. only has the President
perverted history., but< he has, t*cried, sectkmal-
i$t. Ha has become the champion, of sectional-
ism. He m*kes the extraordinary declaration,
that, if a. State ia refu sad, admissioa into the U nion
because her constitution. embraced slavery aa an-
institution, then one section., of the country would
of necessity be compelled to dissolve .its. connec-
tion with the pepple of the other- section! What
does he mean? Poes he mean to say that there
are traitors in the South ? Does, he mean to say,
if they were voted down, that then they ought not
tq submit? If he does, and if they, mean to back
him in the declaration, then tsay the quicker we
try the strength of; thja, great. Government, the
better. Not only, has he said that, but members
have said on this floor*, again and. again, that if
the fugitive slave law., which has nothing sacred
about it—which I deem, unconstitutional—which
South Carolina, deems. unoonstitutionaW-if that
law be repealedU giAtthis Union, will then cease to.
exist.  
Mr. KEI'l'i'. I wish to. know from the gen-
tleman. from. Massachusetts by what authority,
he says South Carolina holds, the fugitive slave,
law to be unconstitutional?
Mr. BURLINGrAMB. By. the authority of the
Charleston Mercury.
Taking, that paper, from, his pocket,, Mr. 6.
Kadi the following:
" Of the action of Massachusetts in thM&raga!ioaaf-*ba
fujptive.st&veJa.w, we hayeno^owplainttQ make* It ma
from thefirsta miserable illusion; ajad.worse, ii> fact, for it.
was an infringement upon one oft lie moil cheriiked principles,
eftk* OojmUtuticaL, whjah provides that fogitlves from labor,
< Bpoa demand, stell-be delivered up,' but gipea no power.
tojCongess to aetinttjis affair. TOe.ienth;nmend<nent to
tbe Cwistitution provides that 'the powers not delegated
to'the United States are reserved to the States or tothe
peeple.' Ttaa clause above confers no power, but is the
Mfceddftoiantioa of a rigUt; and the power* notbeine
conferred, results, t? the States.as.one of the incidenta of
•overeignty too dear to be trusted to the General Govern-
ment.
" Oar iiiHii «u members strove far the. passage of the
law, anl atcow. lionastly; but it shows-the evils of our-
unforuvnatt} condiftHk tbat, in the urgency of our contest]
W*tlr an aggressive adversary, we lose the landmarks of
principle—to obtain an illusive triumph, we pressed the
bovtrniaent to assume a power not conferred by the in-.
stnimeatof its creation, and to establish, a precedent by.
wfiichj in all after tune, it will be authorized.to assume
whatever Tight may have no constitutional right of enforce-
ment ; and wearied with so many efforts to-confine the
Government to its, limits of-legitimate powers, we are
pleased to have assistance from another quarter; and if the.
questionshail he determined.in her favor, we wifl.sincerely
rejoice in such a vindication of the Constitution."
That is ,my authority, but I do not wish to be
interrupted; I have not time. I say thatit is not,
far the President, and members, on this, floor'to
determine the life of thiaUnion; this Union rests,
in. the-hearts of the American people,, and: cannot
be eradicated thence. W-henever any, person,
•halllift his hand to, smite down this* TJniaivthe
people wilL subjugate him to liherty and.the Con-
stitution. I do not, wish to djmell on the Presi-
da t,, afl4, ucbet. he. has. said., Notwithstanding,
•ilthwji^yetawn.ofjiwtory—nowthgtandinghis,
violated pledgea-~and netwithstaading his war-
like exploits at Grey town and Lawrence, his ser-
vility has been repaid with scorn. I amglad ofit.
The South was right, "When a man ia false to
the convictions of his own heart and to freedom,
he cannot bo trusted with the delicate interests of
slavery. I cannot express the delight I feel in
the poetic justice that has been done; but at the
same time, I am not unmindful of the deep in-
gratitude that first lured him to rwnq and then de-
serted and left him alone toi die. [Applause.} If
I were not too much of a. Native American > I
would quote and apply to him-the old Lafiin words,
" D* morinii nil nisi bonum"—speak nothing- but
good of the dead* I can almost forgive htm, con-
sidering his condition, the blistering words ha
let fall upon us the other night when he went
through theordeal of ratifying the nomination of
James Buchanan. He said that we had- received
nothing at the handg of the Government, save its
protection and its political blessings. We have
not certainly received any offices; and as for its-
protection and political blessings,, let the silence
above the graves of those who,sleep in their bloody
shrouds in Kansas answer.
There have been general andrspecific-charges
made against old: Massachusetts, The geaenal
charge, when expressed in polite language, is, that
she. has not been faithful to hen constitutional ob-
ligations. I deny it. I call for proof. I ask
when? where? how ? I say, onithecontrary, that
from the time wheKthis Government eame from
the brains of her statesmen, and- the unconquer-
able arms of her warriors, she has been loyal to
it. In peace she has added to it renown; and in
wan her sons have crowded: the way to death
as to a festival. She has quenched- the fires of
rebellion on her own soil without Federal aid; and-
when the. banners of nullification flew in the
southern sky, speaking through the lips-of Web-
ster, in old Faneuil Hall, she stood by Jackson
and: the Union. No man speaking in her name
—no man wearing her ermine, or clothed with her
authority* ever did. anything, or said anything, or
decided anything, not in accordance with her con-
stitutional obligations. Yet, sir-, the hand.- ofthe
Federal. Government haa> been kad- heavily, upon
her.
That malignant spirit whieh has* usurped; this-
Government through the negligence ofthe people*
too Ions-has pursued her< with rancor and bitter-
ness, Before its invidious legislation she- has
seen her commerce perish, and ruin, like a devas-
tating fire, sweep through hen fields* of industry;
but, amid all these tilings, Massachusetts has
always lifted up her voice with unmurmuring de-
votion to the Union. She has heard the Federal
drum in her streets. She has protected the per-
son of that most odioueman—odious both at the
North and the South—the slave-hunter. Shehas-
protected him whenher soilthrobbed withindig-
nationfromthe sea tothe New Yorkline; Sur«
the temples afjustice there-ha*e been clothed in:
chains. The-ifcderal courts in other ^tateft havft
beea closed against he*,and her citizens have
been imprisoned, aadahe-hashad no redress*
Yet, notwithstanding: all these things Massa-
chusetts- hasralways beeftfaithfal and-loyal to the'
Constitution* You may ask-why, if-she has been
so wroiled, so insulted, has she been true and
faithful to the. Unions Sir, because she knew*
in her clear head, that these outrages, came not
from the generous hearts of the American people.
She knew that, when justice should finally as-
sumeitbereinsiof Government;, all wouldbe-welh
She knew that, when the Government ceased to
foster the interest of slavery alone, her interest
would be< regarded, and the whole country be
blessed. It was th  hjg& constitutional hope
that has always swayed the . head, and heart of
Massachusetts, and which has made her look-out:
of the gloom of the present} and-antieipatera gle-
riousfuture. So much in relation.to,the general
charge against Massachusetts,
There are specific charges, upon.which,I shall:
dwell fqr,a moment. One ia^tnat she has.organs
ized.an " Emigrant Aii Society." Did.you not,
tell. Massachusetts, that the people of. Kansas
were to be left perfectly free to- mold, her .insti-
tutions aa they though! heat?. She knew, and
she.toldyou, that,your doctrine o{ squatter sov-
eignty was a delusion and a snare. She opposed
it aa long as she could here; and when she could
do it no longer, she accepted the battle upon your
pledge of fair play. She determined to make
Kansas a free State. In this high motive the
Emigrant Aid Society had itsorigin. Its objects
are twofold—freedom for Kansas and pecuniary
reward. And it is so organized that pecuniary
henefit canaot flow to the stockholders, except
through th® prosperity of those whom it aids.
The idea of the society is this: to take capital
and place it in advance of civilization; to take
the elements! of civilization, the saw-mill, the
church, the school-house, and plant them in the
wildernesses an inducement to the emigrant. 11
is a peaceful; society. It has never armed, one
man'-, it h«a never paid one man's passage to
Kansas. It'irever asked—though I think it should
have asked—the political sentiments of any man
whom it has assisted to emigrate to Kansas. It
has invested $100,000-, and it has conducted from
Massachusetts to Kansas from twelve to fifteen
hundred of the flower of her people. Such is the
Emigrant Aid Society* such its origin, and such
its action. It is this, society,.so just and legal in
its origin and its action, that has been made the
pretext for the most bitter assaults upon Massa-
chusetts. Sir, it is Christianity organized.
How have these legal and these proper meas-
ures been met bv those who propose to make
Kansas a slave State? The people of Massa-
chusetts would not complain if the people who
differ from them should go there to seek a peace-
ful solution of the conflicting questions. But
; how have they been met ? By fraud and violence,
by sackings, and burnings, and murders. Laws
have been forced- upon them, such as you have
' heard read to-day by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr.. Con ax,] so atcocious that, no man has
' risen here to defend one single one of them.
Men have been placed over them whom they-
! never elected, ana this day, as has been stated'
by the gentleman from Indiana, civil war rages,
from one end of Kansas to the other. Men have
been compelled to leave their peaceful pursuits,
and starvation and death stare them in the face,
and yet the Government stands idle-—no, not idle;
it gives its mighty arm to the side of the men
who are trampling down law and order there.
The United States troops have not been permitted
to protect the free^State men. When they have
desired to do so, they have been withdrawn. I
cannot enter into a detail of all the facts. It is a
fact that war rages there to-day. Men kill each
other at sight. All these things are known, and:
nobody can deny them. All the western winds
are burdened with the news of them, and. they
are substantiated equally by both sides.
Has the Government no power to make peace
in Kansas, and to protect citizens there under
the organic-law of the Territory? I ask, in the
name of okLMassaohusetts, if our honest citizens^
who went to Kansas to build up homes for
themselves, and to secure the blessings of civif-
i^axiop. axenot entitle to protection.? She throws
the responsibility upon this. Administration, and;
holds-it aoeountkble; and sowill>the people, at
the pollSj next November.
Another charge is, that Massachusetts has,
passed- a personal liberty bill. Well, sir, I say
thai' Massachusetts^ for her local legislation, is
not responsible to this House, or to any member
of-it, I say, sir, if her laws were as bad as those
atrocious-laws of Kansas, you can do nothing-
with her. I say, if her st&tute-books, instead of
being filled' with generous- legislation—legislation
which ought, to be interesting to her assailants,
because it is in favor of the idiotie and the blind -
[laughter]—were filled, like those of the State of
Alabama, with laws covering the State with whip-
ping-posts, keeping half of her people in absolute
slavery, and nearly all the other half in subjec-
tion to twenty-nine thousand slaveholders ; if the
slaveholders themselves Were not permitted to
trade with or teach their slaves, as. they choose;
if ignocance were increasing faster than the pop-
ulation;—I,-say, even then, you could not do any-
thing here with the local laws of Massachusetts.
I say, the presumption is that the law, having,
been passed by a. sovereign State, is constitu-
tional: If it is hot constitutional, then, sir, when
the proper tribunal shall have decided that ques-
tion, whai.is.therer I.a,ak,iii,thpiustQryLof Mas-
