664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
country at large is interested, and in which it is
specially interested at the present time, because,
if this country is to be involved in a war with any
important naval Power, they arc as necessary as
are your general appropriation bills. I hope,
therefore, the Senator from Virginia will postpone
his motion until those questions shall be disposed
of, and then I shall be at liberty to go with him,
as I would be glad to do so now, constituting one
of the Committee on Finance, to take up the de-
ficiency bill in preference to anything else.
Mr. HUNTER. It is known that the appro-
priation bills are superseded by anybody who de-
sires to make a speech, and now they are to be
superseded by anybody who thinks that by pos-
sibility he may have a particular bill before the
Senate at some future day. It will be impossible
for us to get along if this practice is to continue.
I ask to have the deficiency bill made the special
order for an early day, because it seems to be
the rule for eveiygentic man to have a bill in which
he feels an interest made ihe special order for a
particular day. Instead of the practice of the
Senate giving precedence to the appropriation bills,
according to the Senator from Michigan, the fact
is that there seems to be a tendency to postpone
them., I ask that the deficiency bill may be made
the special order for Wednesday, next at one
o'clock*, and on that I desire the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ascertain what
will be the condition of the three million bill, if
the deficiency bill be made the special order for
Wednesday? The three million bill is the unfin-
ished business, and comes up, as i understand,
now, when the morning hour has passed. In con-
sequence of having crowded off any friend from
Michigan on two different occasions, when his
bills were made the special order, 1 had agreed
not to call up my bill to-day. I shall therefore
be compelled to oppose the motion made by my
friend from Virginia, because so soon as the river
and harbor bills shall be disposed of, I desire that
we may proceed to the consideration*of the un-
finished business—the three million bill.
Mr. IIUNTER. It seems, then, that this
appropriation bill is to be postponed nlmost in-
definitely. The Senator from California has
given way for the river and harbor bills, and
these nie to take up as much time as the Senate
chooses. The Senator from Michigan evidently
apprehends that they will be before the Senate
on Wednesday. When they shall be disposed
of, the Senator fioni California is to interpose his
bill—a bill on whieh we are to have a long war
debate—a bill on which there is probably to be
more speaking than on any other. Now, sir, the
deficiency bill ought to be passed at once; and it
seems to me that there can be no doubt that Wed-
nesday, at least, should be given to it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remark,
that bills which have heretofore been made special
orders, and have been left in an unfinished state,
take precedence over any special order that may
be made now.
Mr. WELLER. That is the reason why I
have resisted the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. If there is to be a Ions: war discussion on
t.he three million bill, it makes it more important
that it should be taken up at the earliest moment.
I desire that the bill may be passed; and if there
is to be a lengthy debate on it, that of course is
an additional reason why I should press the
consideration, of it; but I do not apprehend that
there will be any such discussion. I do not know
of any Senator, except the one who is now enti-
tled to ihe floor on that question, [Mr. Fe&ses;-
de.v,] who really proposes to discuss it.
Mr. RUSK. 1 would inquire if that bill is not
the special order now?
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill (S. No. 1:24) to mciease the efficiency of
the United States Army.
Mr. RUSK. That, then, will take precedence
of the deficiency bill, if the latter be now made
the special order for Wednesday; and I hope, in
that view of the case, that the honoiable Senator
from California will not oppose the proposition
to make the deficiency bill the special order for
"Wednesday next. That bill is a very important
one,and should be passed soon. A great manv
appropriations which it contains are needed im-
mediately. Among others, there is a large appro-
priation for the Post Office Department, which
must be made very soon, or the mail service of the
country will be seriously incommoded. The
honorable Senator from California will therefore
gain nothing by opposing the motion to make it
the special order, because his bill is now the
special order, and has precedence on the Calendar
over any other bill.
Mr. WELLER. That is the very point at
which I now seek to arrive—whether, if the de-
ficiency bill be made the special order for Wednes-
day next, the three million bill will still have
precedence of that?
The PRESIDENT. It certainly will.
Mr. WELLER. Of course, then, I shall have
no objection to the motion of the Senator from
Virginia.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending 30th of June, 1856.
Mr. PRATT. I think it was understood on
all hands, that the various bills coming under the
general name, river and harbor bills, should be
taken up to-day. I suppose that not oneof them
can occupy more than a very small portion of the
time of the Senate. You are aware, sir, that all
the bills of that character which have been re-
ported at the present session were acted on during
the last session of Congress. They were then
debated, after having been reported by the ap-
propriate committee, and were passed by a large
vote of the Senate. I suppose, therefore, that
those bills will all be passed to-day, and that they
will not occupy longer than to-day. T suppose
we shall really save time if my honorable friend
from Virginia will agree that those bills shall be
disposed of by appropriating this day to their
consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not objecting to that,
lam only asking to have the deficiency bill taken
up, in order to be made the special order for
Wednesday.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up.
Mr. IIUNTER. I now move that it bo post-
poned to, and be made the special order for,
Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDERS — RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. HUNTER. Now I would ask, what is
the special onier for to-day?
The PRESIDENT. The special order is bill
(S. No. 124) to increase the efficiency of the United
States Army.
Mr. STlf ART. I move to postpone the prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of the
river and harbor improvement bills reported by
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I think if we
do business m order we shall get along much
faster. I trust that the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, which is the spccial
order, will be taken up, so that we act upon it if
we have to sit here all day.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the motion which T
have submitted to the Senate will be adopted; I
do not wish to discuss it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not wish to interfere
with the priori!y of business, as fixed by the
Senate; and I am especially unwilling to interfere
with the object of my friend from Michigan; but
I gave notice a few days ago that, in the event of
the speech of my colleague [Mr. 'JsIrvmbull] on
the Kansas question being published this morning,
I should ask the Senate to be allowed to reply to-
; morrow on the questions at issue between him
; and myself. That publication has not been made.
: I have reported to-day from the Committee on
' Territories a bill which was promised the other
, day; and I now ask to have some day indicated
! on which I shall open the discussion upon that
I bill, m which 1 may incidentally reply to some of
I the remaiks of my colleague. If U would be
j agreeable to the Senate to fix Thuisday, I should
be glad. I do not wish to interfere with other
business at nil, but I would indicate that day.
The PRESIDENT. There is a motion now
pending,the motion of the Senaiorfrom Michigan.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I make no motion, but I
shall take it for granted that the Senate will allow
me to proceed on Thursday, unless I hear some
expression of dissent.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois wish to have his bill made the special
order for that day?
Mr, DOUGLAS. I shall call it up on Thurs-
day for the purpose of submitting my remarks,
but I shall not press it for action at that time.
Mr. COLLAMER. What I intended to ask
was, whether other gentlemen will have an oppor-
tunity to reply to the Senator's speech if they
shall desire to do so?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I take it for granted that the
courtesies of the Senate and the usages of parlia-
mentary law give me, as the author of the ma-
| jonty report, the privilege of making the opening
speech; and the Senator from Vermont will of
course be allowed to follow next as the author of
the minority report. I take it for granted that
would be according to parliamentary law and
courtesy.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that would be
the case if the bill were made the order of the
day for a particular time.
! Mr. DOUGLAS.- I can assure the Senator that
I have no disposition to violate the courtesies of
the Senate by depriving him of the right which
properly belongs to him. I take it for granted
that he will follow me as a matter of course.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have given notice that I
shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to-morrow
to allow me to present a memorial from members
of the State Legislature of Texas; and I shall
to-morrow, during the morning hour, present that
memorial, unless I am prevented from doing so,
Mr. Stuart's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate proceeded to consider the river and har-
bor improvement bills in their order on the Cal-
endar.
• I
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
The bill (S. No. 1) introduced by Mr. Cass,
making an appropliation for deepening the chan-
nel over the St. Clair fiats, in the State of Mich-
igan, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to appropriate §45,000 for the pur-
pose of deepening the channel over the St. Clair
flats, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. CASS. I am not able to detain the Sen-
ate, and I have no doubt they will find that a great
relief I only wish to make a very few observ-
ations by which the nature of this improvement
may be understood.
It will be lecollected that an appropriation of
§00,000 was made three or four years ago for this
work, which sum was expended in dredging.
Last year Congress agreed to make an appropria-
tion necessary to complete the whole work, but
it failed to meet the approval of the President. I
have no idea of touching the constitutional ques-
tion connected with this subject. It has been dis-
cussed in the Senate too often to make it necessary
to go over it again; and I may observe that the
more that is said on the subject the more " noiso
and confusion" there generally is on that topic.
[Laughter.] I shall therefore pass by any dis-
cussion of the constitutional question. Before
this body it cannot be necessary.
Mr. President, this line of improvement is one
of the greatest in the Union. It is the line of
communication between the great lakes of the
Northwest, running on the boundary line between
us and the English possessions. The report of
the examining topographical engineers estimated
the expense of this work at $44,955. I will not
go into the particulars of their statement. It has
been submitted to the Senate, and is on our rec-
ords. I shall simply state a few statistical facts.
The average annual value of the propprty passing
the St. Clair fiats is $50,000,000,including all the
lake trade of Wisconsin, of Illinois, of Indiana,
of Michigan, of Ohio, of Pennsylvania, and of
New York. That is the amount of the upper lake
trade. The annual number of passages over the
flats is twelve thousand six hundred. That num-
ber of vessels annually pass this point. The
number of passages by steam vessels is one thou-
sand six hundred and eighty. The average deten-
tion of vessels daily in November, 1854, was
seventy-five. At one time during that period one
hundred and twenty seven steam vessels were
detained. Vessels have been known to be de-
tained there for four months. The calculation
is, that the average daily detention for sailing
