1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vessels is thirty for two hundred and ten days,
at a cost of §40 per day, amounting to $252,OnO.
The average daily detention of six steamers for
one hundred days, at a cost of §250 per day,
amounts to £230,00(1. The expense of eight tugs
for two hundred and ten days, at $75 per day, is
$125,000.
The addition of these items gives a very large
cum of money annually lost by the detention oc-
sasioned by the St. Clair flats. There was last
year only eight feet of water on the flats. I
believe now there is about nine and a half feet of
water there. The higher and stronger class of
steamboats draw to the amount of twelve feet of
water. The practical difficulty consists not only
in the detention owing to the narrowness of the
channel, but, when one vessel is stopped, other
vessels cannot go by, and nothing can pass until
that vessi'l is taken out. This accounts for the
great number of vessels which are daily detained
at this point. The channel is shut up; the ves-
sels cannot pass until tiie cause of the detention
is removed.
Now, sir, there is no need of going' into a state-
ment of the statistical facts connected with the
commerce and productions of that portion of the
Union drained by the great lakes. Its power of
production is unlimited. No man can tell, I may
almost say, how much it now sends to market,
still less how much it is to send in future. The
value of those productions depends, in a great
measure, on the power of getting to market; and
vessels from the upper lakes must be allowed to
pass these flats withoutdifficulty,ortliedetention
works serious injury and delays the sending of
products to market. Another disadvantage will
be obvious to the Senate at a glance. The ship-
pers of freight, when they send their goods, draw
on New York. If the freight cannot pass down
the lakes, the productions cannot reach New York
in time, and the consequence is a great derange-
ment in money matters. The shippers make
drafts, expecting that the freight will promptly
reach its destination, and, if it docs not, the drafts
are not paid. They are thrown back upon the
purchaseis, and thus a great deal of difficulty and
distress is occasioned. In the month of Novem-
ber, when our navigation is of the utmost import-
ance, it is practically least useful, in consequence
of the fall of the lake waters taking place in the
autumn, and the upper Likes, in fact, are almost
shut up. I have seen this state of affairs going
on for years; and I repeat, without going more
into detail, if there is a line of communication m
tile Union which, by its bearing upon the Army,
the Navy, and the commerce of the country, de-
mands moie than any other—I might almost say
more than all others—the attention of Congress,
it is this great line between the upper lakes of
this Union. I do not think it is necessary to
submit any further remarks to the Senate on the
subject. 1 am prepared to answer any inquiries
which gentlemen may choose to make in order to
elicit the facts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is:
Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. MASON. As this is the first bill of this
character which has been acted on at the present
session, I desire to have the yeas and nays upon
its passage, in order to test the sense of the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this bill; and I desire to state in a very few
words my position in relation to the various lulls
which have been reported from the Committee
on Commerce. I believe I have never in my life
voted for any general bill making appropriations
for harbors and rivers. I have never found any
constitutional objection against these bills; but I
have withheld from them my support for the
reason that large bills, grouped together, have
necessarily carried along with them, in my judg-
ment, many appropriations which were not with-
in that rule which I have laid down as a guide
for my action. At the same time, however, there
were many, and probably most, of the appropri-
ations contained in those large bills for which I
would have cheerfully voted if they had been re-
ported m separate bills, making each depend on
its own merits. They are so reported now, and
this course affords me the opportunity of making
that discrimination which I wish to make, ana
of voting for such as I believe come within a
proper rule—a rule which shall "regulate," in the
language of the Constitution, and not attempt to
make commerce.
There is one other point on which I will say
a word. I think, on a careful examination of the
matter, there can be no just discriminations drawn
between appropriations for harbors on the lakes
and for harbors on the Atlantic coast—between
appropriations for large rivers traversing various
States, or for the Atlantic coast, or the lakes. I
put them all on precisely the same footing. I
would therefore vote for an appropriation to im-
prove a lake harbor, or to improve the navigation
of such rivers as 1 have named, just as cheerfully,
and on the same principle as 1 should vote for it
on the Atlantic coast. I believe that the work
named in this bill commends itself to us as a great
national work, and I shall vote for it.
The yeas and nays being taken on the passage
of the bill, resulted—yeas 29, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—SIOiMi. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
TennObsee, Jiigler, Ca s, Clayton, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, II ami in, Ilai-
i<lm. Jones of Iowa. Malloiv, Piatt, Pugb, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Slidetl, 1LE-l11. Snimier, Thomson of New Jersey,
Tmmbull. Wade. VVeilet, and Wilson— 39.
NAYS—Messrs. Btoivn, Butler, Clay, Hunter, Iverson,
Mason, Reid, and Toneey—K.
So the bill was passed.
ST. MARY'S RIVER.
The Senate next considered, as in Committee
of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 2) introduced by
Mr. Cass, making appropriations for deepening
the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river
in the State of Michigan.
Its object is to provide for the appropriation of
$100,000 towards deepening the channel of the
St. Mary's river, in the State of Michigan, by
the westchannel through Lake George, according
to the estimate of Captain Macomb, of the topo-
graphical corps, communicated to the Senate in
the report of the Secretary of War, dated Janu-
ary 18, 1855. It also provides that the dredging
machine purchased for the improvement of the
St. Clair flats may be employed, when not re-
quired for that purpose, at the discretion of the
Secretary of War, in the improvement of the St.
Mary's river or strait.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, this bill contem-
plates an improvement of the same description
with the one \diich has just received the favor-
able action of the Senate! Lakes Ontario, Erie,
Huron, and Superior have an extent of inland
I navigation, including the shores, of one thousand
I five hundred miles. There are three interruptions:
j the Falls of Niagara, which of course are out of
| our reach; the flats at the St. Clair, for which wo
I have just provided; and the flats of the St. Mary's
' river, which open the communication between
■ Lakes Huron and Superior. The flats at St.
I Clair open the communication as well with Lakes
j Superior and Huron as with Lake Michigan.
'Phis refers only to Lake Superior. I need not go
into the details of that region, its productiveness,
and its mineral productions, both iron and copper.
It is one of the most growing and richest countries
in the world. We have now before us, as referred
to in the bill, the report of the War Department;
but I will not detain the Senate longer oil the
subject.
Mr CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
no doubt that the appropriation proposed by this
bill is one very proper to be made; but some, years
ago we thought it necessary in this body, when
driven to the necessity of the case, to decline to
pass any separate bills. Gentlemen will recollect
that there are some quite important navigable
streams a good way further south and west than
Michigan—such as the Ohio and the Mississippi;
and we have generally heretofore held back such
bills as these in order that they might accompany
appropriations for other more general and import-
ant objects.
Mr.'SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will make an explanation to him. The
bills on the Calendar are for the lakes of the Union
andfor the rivers North and South, Eastand West
j —m Kentucky, Massachusetts, and Maine. All
the bills were referred as separate measures to
the Committee on Commerce. That committee
have reported them with provisions for the. exact
amount of appropriations which have been recom-
mended by the War Department in all cases,
neither enlarging nor diminishing, nor varying
from that amount, unless where the Senate last
year indicated a different sum or a different dis-
position. Those bills will all follow in their order.
If the honorable. Senator will give his vote for this
bill, he will presently have the pleasure of seeing
votes given for all the bills which he desires to
have passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. For the Ohio and the
Mississippi ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; for all of them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and on
the question, "Shall the bill pass?" Mr. Adams
called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to occupy
the time of the Senate, for it would be a futile
expenditure of breath; but I should like to know,
from gentlemen who are so averse to a "general
system of internal improvement," how they can-
reconcile it to their constitutional doctrine to
agree to take up by piece-meal and make these
different local appiopriations, so that they shall
have preference over a general system of appro-
priations for internal improvement. If a general
system were proposed, 1 suppose the first who
would oppose it would bo the honorable Senator
from Michigan, because that would be contrary
to what is called the Baltimore platform. [Laugh-
ter.] I have heard various attempts made to
draw some indicative line by which gentlemen
could be reconciled to one appropriation and
opposed to another. Some say, that wherever a
river runs through three States it assumes such
a dignity that it may very well be brought within
the cognizance of Federal legislation.
Mr. CASS. Your former colleague [Mr. Cal-
houn] said that.
Mr. BUTLER. But you take advantage of it.
Mr. CASS. Charge it to South Carolina. Mr.
Calhoun maintained that doctrine.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, if Mr. Calhoun did
maintain it, I do not. You go for one State but
not for another.
Mr. CASS. I go for all.
Mr. BUTLER. Then you quit the platform
altogether. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. No; I stick to the platfonH.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot see how that plat-
form can stand, and this appropriation for St
Mary's river stand also. Does the St Mary's
river run through more than one State?
Mr. CASS. It runs through Canada. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr, BUTLER. Well, that may be called
foreign relations. [Laughter.] If you say that
this is a war measure, 1 will be reconciled to it.
I can be reconciled to it on the broad ground that
it is a measure providing for war.
Mr. CASS. That is one of its uses.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well. That may dis-
tinguish it. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays being taken on the passage
of the bill, resulted—yeas 32, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Bigler, Cass, Clayton, Collamnr, Crittenden, Dodge,
Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Fi>li, Fool, Foster, Hale,
Ilamlin, Harlan, Johnson, Jones of I own, Pratt, Pugh, Se-
bastian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New
Jetscv, Tiuinbull, Wade, Weller, and Wilson- 3Z
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Blown, Butler, Clay, Hunter,
Iverson, Reid, and Toucey—8.
So the bill was passed.
THE MOUTH OP THE MISSISSIPPI.
The bill (S. 14) introduced by Mr. Slipell, to
remove obstructions to the navigation of the
Mississippi river at the Southwest Pass and
1 Pass a 1'Outre, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill proposes to appropriate §300,000 for
the purpose of opening and keeping open ship
channels of sufficient capacity to accommodate
the wants of commerce through the Southwest
Pass and Pass a l'Outre, leading fiom the Missis-
sippi river into the Gulf of Mexico. The money
is to be expended under the superintendence of
the Secretary of War, who is to contract for the
work; and at an early day in the next session of
Congress he is to report the progress of the work,
the amount necessary to complete it, and an
