1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
cieil Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge., Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner,' Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Morrison
Ilairis, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancey
Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, King, Lake, Lotebfir, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Milison, Miilvvard, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Rieaud, Rivera, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wiiliam
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, YVhitney, Williams, Winslow, and
John V. Wrizht—90.
NAY S —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Houry Bennett, Benson, BiUmghursl, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biad^haw, Biiffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragui, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davi-s, Dean, Do Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flakier, Galloway, Giddmgs,
Gilbert, Grangei, Grow, Italian, Haven, Holloway, Thomas
It. Horton, Howard, Hughfeton, Kelscy, Knapr>, Knight,
Knowltou, Knox, Kunkel, 1 .eiter, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, McCaity, Killian Miller, Morgan, Moirill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols,* Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Felton, Pennington, Pcttit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Roberts, Sace, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spmnoi, Stanton, Stranahan, Svvope, Tappan, Thormg-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafion, Wade, Wakeinaii, Wul-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wa4>burne, Elhhu B.
Wa^hburne, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, Woodvvortli, Darnel
B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—102.
So a call of the House was refused.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RIVERS said: At the close of the last
session Mr. Harrison- received a telegraphic dis-
patch stating that his mother was lying griev-
ously ill. I have no doubt that that is the cause
of his'present absence.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER stated that Mr. Trippe
had paired off with Mr. Hall, of Massachusetts.
LEGISLATION FOR KANSAS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In view of the
alarmingnews trom Kansas, andofthe difficulties
which exist here in reference to the affairs of that
Territory, I ask the utianimous consent of the
House to offer the resolution which I send to
the Chair. I would simply say, that if it does no
good it will do no harm.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows!
JR evnlrcl That a select committee of thirteen be appointed
by the Speakei to contVi with a similar committee on the
pan of The Senate, should the Senate see fit to appoint such
committee, and consider the affairs of the Terutory ot Kan-
sas, with power to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BARKSDALE, Mr. MATTESON, and
others, objcctcd.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As it is not in order to
move to suspend tho rules to-day, I will do so on
Monday, for the purpose of having that resolution
considered.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for reports.
Mr. BENNETT, of New "iork. I am directed
by the Committee 011 Public Lands, to report the
following joint resolution:
Joint resolution (No. 27) to authorize the Sec-
retary of State and the Secretary of the Interior
to settle the claim of William Carey Jones for
certain services. ,
The SPEAKER. That is not a resolution that
has been referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands duung the present, session, and is not m
order. . , ,
The call of committees being concluded, the
Speaker proceeded to call the States for resolu-
tions.
PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. MATTESON. I offer the following res-
olution, and demand the previous question on its
passage:
Whpreac, hv fin act passed by the two Houses of Con-
cress. and approved by the President, entitled "Joint re*o-
lotion for aimexms Texas to the United Statrs approved
Mtuch 1. l£4o, articles of compact were offered to 1 txasior
her aditiisMOii into the Union u upon certain conditions and
cuaiantoes," the thud aiticle of which tendered compact
was in these woids. " New States of convenient nze, not
f-xccedina lour m number, m addition to said of 1 exa ,
and havmsj sufficient population, may hereaftei. by the con-
sent of said State, be tormed out of the territory theieot,
winch shall be entitled to admission underthe f ederal Con-
stitution; and suclrBtatcs as may be lonued out of that p -
tion of said temtory lyine south ot 3b M north latitiuu ,
commonly known aw the Missouri compromise line,
be admitted into the Union with or without slavery, as the
people of each State asking admis-ion may desu e ; ana in
&tich State or States as shall be foimed out ot said ter-
utorv north of said compromise hue, slavery or invol-
untary servitude (except tor crime) shall be prohibited;
And whereas Texas, by a solemn public act, done in a
convention of the people, according to the requirements
of the said act of Congress, did accept the said articles
of compact, and was admitted into the Union as one of
the United States, upon the " conditions and guarantees"
mentioned in said joint resolution, and is now a State of
this Union in virtue thereof; and whereas the said third
article of compact as aforesaid, containing a limitation of
slavery in restricting the number of slave States to be formed
in Texas south of 38" 30' to four States, in addition to
Texas itself, and also a prohibition of slavery, except for
crime, north of 36° 30' north latitude, is an independent
and substantive provision, irrepealable by either of the
contracting parties without the consent of the other, and is
not repealed by the Kansas-Nebraska act, and could not
be repealed by that act: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That slavery, except for crime, in all that
part of the former province of Louisiana, north of latitude
36° 30', is, and remains prohibited, and that the President
of the United States is under a double obligation to see that
provision faithfully enforced, both as a law of Congress,
and as a compact with a (then) foreign Power, for a great
and valuable consideration.
And whereas, besides being a compact with Texas, the
said third article was a compromise between the free and
the slave States of this Union, with limitation of slavery,
both as to the number of slave States which might be
formed in Texas, and the prohibition of slavery north of
36'30'by virtue of which Texas was admitted into the
Union, and without which she-could not have been admit-
ted : Therefore,
lie it resolved, That anyattempt to violate said third arti-
cle of compromise, either by admitting a greater number
of slave States south of 36° 30' than allowed therein, or
by extending slavery north of that latitude, is a violation of
said compromise, and a dnect attack upon the harmony and
stability of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether that resolution is in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order for the gentle-
man from New York to present a resolution from
that State, it having been called for that purpose
under the rules of the House.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
whether it is in order to call the States for reso-
lutions any day except on alternate Mondays ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order on every day
after the committees shall have been called.
Mr. JONES. The 26th rule is, that all the
States and Territories shall bo _ called for reso-
! lutiona on each alternate Monday during each
; session of Congress; and, if necessary to secure
the object on said days, all resolutions which
give rise to debate, shall lie over for discussion
under the rules of the House already established;
and the whole of said days shall be appropriated
to resolutions, until all the States and Territories
are called through.
The SPEAKER. The 25th rule is the one
under which the Chair is acting at the present
time. That rule is, that reports from commit-
tees having been presented and disposed of, the
Spoaker shall call for resolutions from the mem-
bers from each State, and Delegates from each
Territory. That is the order of business for
every day.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the previous
question upon the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman from
New York withdraw the call for the previous
question a moment, to enable me to make a single
1 remark?
■ Mr. MATTESON. I cannot.
1 Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
; I understand this to be a joint resolution, requir-
i ing the assent of the Senate.
Mr. MATTESON. It is not; it is a House
, resolution.
I Mr. BOCOCK. I understood it to make a
I declaration that involves the action of the Gov-
, crnmentj which must give it the lorm of a joint
■ resolution, which, under tho rule of the House,
1 cannot be introduced except in pursuance of no-
• tice. . • „ i /N, •
i The SPEA KER. In the opinion of the Chair,
! {hp resolution is only a declaration of opinion
| upon the part of the House, and not necessarily
| a iomt resolution. .
1 Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to inquire, if
the previous question is not seconded, whether
' the resolution must not go over ?
I Mr. MATTESON. Certainly.
i Mr. COBB. I call for tellers, then, on sec-
onding the previous question. I want the ques-
' tion to be decided whether the House is to trans-
! act anv general business or not; if i t is, I shall
i ask that we proceed to the practical legislative
i business of the House, and not take up the time
' with mere abstractions.
I Mr. DUNN. Do I understand the Speaker to
i decide that the resolution of the gentleman from
New York is a mere declaration of opinion on
the part of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands
it.
Mr. DUNN. Then I move to lay it on the
table; and demand the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to inquire
whether it is in order to have read the act of
1850 defining the boundaries of Texas ? I ask
that it may be read, and gentlemen will see 
[Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. It
is not in order to have the paper referred to by
the gentleman from Tennessee read, except by
general consent.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I wish to ask whether this
resolution has ever been printed?
The SPEAKER. Not by order of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. This being a day set apart
for the consideration of private business, I would
ask whether it is not in order to move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been demanded, and the House acting in pursu-
ance of the regular order of business, it is not
now in order to move to go into a Committee of
the "Whole House.
The question was taken on Mr. Dcnn's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
101, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwala-
(ler, John P. Campbell, Caakie, Clingman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Oobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullon,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. 1> Fuller, Goode, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman,
Houston, Hughston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kidvvell, Lake, Lcteher, Lumpkin, Mace,
Alexander k. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Million, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Pennington,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Rieaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Rwope, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow,
Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—101.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bil-
linRhurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshan^ Buffinton, James H.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Da
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler,
Gallovvav, Biddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hol-
loway, Thomas E. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Loiter, Matteson, McCarty,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Tettit, I'ike, Pringle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Roberts, Jtobison, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington,Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwal-
ader C. VVashburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—82,
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate adhered to_ their amend-
ment to the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that Jie had paired off
with Mr. Evans on this vote.
After the result of the vote had been an-
nounced,
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
Mr CLINGMAN. I hope the House will not
adjourn. I would rather that the House would
go to the business upon the Speaker's table. ^
The question was taken on Mr. Orr s motion;
and it was disagreed to.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SAGE. I offer the resolution which I
send to the Clerics desk, and call for the pre-
vious question on it. ,
Mr. PHELPS. Has the morning hour ex-
PUThe SPEAKER. It has not; but will expire
in twentv-five minutes. <
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is in order
now to move to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, if the member making the motion
has the floor; but at the expiration of the morning
hour any member may arrest another in tile
middle of his speech, take the floor from him,
and move to go to the business on the bpeaKer s
1 table.
