24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, the Clerk will read the 27th
rule.
The Clerk read the 27th rule, as follows:
" After one hour shall have been devoted to reports from
committees, and resolutions, it shall be in order, pending
the consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a
motion that the House do now proceed to dispose of the
business on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the
day."
Mr. Sage's resolution w,as then read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed
to consider the propriety of reorganizing or abolishing the
criminal court in the District of Columbia, and to report
their action to this House.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. SAGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale,
Bell, Hendley S.Bennett, Bibhop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee,
Branch, Brooks, Broom, Btmieit, Cadwwlader, John P.
Campbell, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
It. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Crawfbid, Cullon, Davidson,
Henry WinterDavis, Denver, Dowdell, I)unn,Edmundson,
Ulliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. J.).
Fuller, Goode, Sampson VV. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Ilowaul, Jewett,
George W.Jones, Kelly, Kulwell, Lake, Letchei, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Macc, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, SamuelS.Marshall, Maxwell, McMnlhn,McQueon
A. Smith, William II. Smith, Hneed, Stephen*,
Svvope, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk.
Stewait,
  .  , Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, Williams, Win.*,low, Darnel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicollei—-U7-
NAYfl—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, ttillmghuot, Bmsham, Bh->s, Hi.tdfhaw,
Buffillton,James H. Campbell, Lt'wn 0 Campbell, ChaHVe,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Conims, Covode, Cumback,
Danirell, Timothy Davis, Dean, l)e Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, I'iaglei, Gallowav, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Holloway, Thomas 11. Tloiton, flugh^ton,
J. Clancy Jones, Kelscy, King, Knapp, Knight, Ivnowlron,
Knox, Kunkel,Leiter, Mattcson, McCarty, Killuin Miller, i
Mdhvard, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Peiton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pungle,
Purviance, Roberts, ltobison, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Ta'ppan, Thorington, Tliuis-
ton,TratXon, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cad-
waiuder C. Washburne, Elliliu B. Washlmme, Isiael
Washburn, Woich, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—
87.
So the resolution was laid upon tlie table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MILLSOINT said he had no objection to the
inquiry proposed, but would lit present vote to
lay the resolution upon the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Louis Ileggio;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Mrs. Magdalene Brontin, widow
of De la Ronde;
An act for the relief of Henry L. Robinson;
An act for the relief of Edward Mitchell;
An act for the relief of William B. Cozzens;
An act for the relief of John Nash;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Ignacio Delino;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Bernard Hemkin;
An act for the relief of the sureties of the lato
Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis, United States
Army;
An act for the relief of William Humphreys,
Jr., owner of the fishing schooner Good Ex-
change, lost at sea;
An act for the relief of Peyton G. King, late
a receiver of public moneys at Monroe, Loui-
siana; and
An act for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones.
SUSPENSION OF THE 21ST JOINT RULE.
Mr. HAVEN obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a privileged
question. Has the morning: hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. F
Mr. COBB. Then I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
fcpeaker s table. My object is to reach the res-
olution from the Senate, for a partial suspension
of the 21st joint rule, in order that we may con-
cur in it, and bring before the House the Army
appropriation bill in exactly the condition in
which it stood at the adjournment of the last
session without day.
The SPEAKER. The motion is m order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Before that is
done, let the message just received from the Sen-
ate be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Chair will lay the message before the House.
No objection being made, the message was
read, as follows:
Jn the Senate of the United States,
Jlugust 23,1856.
Resolved, That the Senate adheres to its amendment to
the bill (II. It. No. 078) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857, disagreed to by the Hou^e of Representatives.
Attest: ASBUKY DICKINS, Secretary.
Mr. COBB. That bill is rejected.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (at half past one
o'clock.) The Senate having adjourned, I move
that this House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I appeal to the gentleman from
Georgia to withhold his privileged motion for a
moment, inasmuch as the resolution I design to
offer is for the purpose of removing out of the
way what I believe to be the hitch between the
two Houses, and to pass an Army appropriation
bill without any improper proviso attached to it.
Mr. COBB. 1 tlunk the hitch between the
two Houses is in the bill which now lies on the
Speaker's table. "When we <^et to it we can make
an effort to remove it out of the way.
Mr. HAVEN. Slmll I be entitled to the floor
when this ((uoalion is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to th > floor when the States arc again
called for resolutions, the State of New York
being where the cull was left oif.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's motion,
and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following resolution from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
*du°ust 21,1806.
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That so niueh of the'}ht joint rule as requires six days
from the coinmeneemi'nt of the session, before resuming
the consociation of bills, resolutions, and reports* remain-
ing undeteimined at the close of the last session, be s>us-
peruled diumg the present Mission, so far as idates to the
bill (II. R. No. 153) making appropriations for the xuppoit
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 18.77.
Attest: ASBURY DICKINS, Secretary.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House concur in
that resolution, and ou that motion call for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Georgia that, even
after tho IIouso shall have concurred in the reso-
lution of the Senate, and suspended the 21st joint
rule, there will still be an obstruction in the way
of talcing up the Army appropriation bill in the
22d rule of tho House, which is as follows:
" After mx days tiom the commencement of a second or
subsequent session of any Confess all lulls, resolutions,
and reports wlueli originated in the Iloune, anil at the close
of the ne\t pieeedinir session leniained iimleteinuned,
shall be resumed and acted on 111 the same manner as if
an adjournment had mil taken place."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. After we have relieved
ourselves from tho difficulty arising out of the
joint rule, there will be no difficulty in reference
to this, unless objection is interposed.
Mr. OAMPBEIjL, of Ohio. It will require
unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW". I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Georgia, if this resolution pass, does
he then propose to ask consent of the House to
take up the Army bill?
Mr. COBB. I do.
Mr. GROW. And that alone ?
Mr. COBB. I desire that the House shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Army bill, and to
no other business.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to that.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution of the Senate was
concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to proceed to the
consideration of the Army appropriation bill as
it stood at the adjournment of tho last session of
Congress. I trust there will be no objection.
No objection being made, the House proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 153) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. COBB. Thatbillis now before the House
upon the disagreement of the House to the amend-
ment of the Senate. A motion to insist has been
made, and it has ftiiled. I now move that the
House recede from its disagreement to the Senate
amendment, and upon that motion I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia allow me to move that the
House adhere to its disagreement?
Mr. COBB. I will state to the gentleman from
Maine that I have no objection to that motion.
If the House refuse to recede, the question will
be upon the motion to adhere. But I prefer that
the previous question should be exhausted upon
the motion to recede.
The SPEAKER. The message from the Sen-
ate, notifying the House of the action of that
body upon the bill, will be reported.
The message was read; and is as follows:
In the Senate of tiie Unitfd States,
•August 18, 1858.
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon their amendment
to the bill of the House of Representatives, entitled aAii
aet making appiopriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857,-'' being House bil!
No. 153, and ask a further conference upon the disagieemg
votes.
Ordered, That Messrs. Cass, Outttfndfn, and Benja-
min he tile committee of coufeience upon then part.
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope the demand for
the previous question, made by the gentleman
from Georgia, will be voted down, unless he will
allow me to submit a motion to adhere.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw his motion, and allow me
to make a motion that the House further insist
upon its disagreement, and that another commit-
tee of conference be granted ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would hardly
be in order. The Chair will state the position
of the question: when House bill No. 153 was
before the House at the last session, a message
had been received from the Senate notifying the
House that they insisted upon their amendment,
and asking a committee of conference. The House
voted down the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] that the House insist,
and agree to a committee of conference. Subse-
quently the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kunkel] moved that a committee of conference
be appointed. The Chair ruled the motion out
of order, upon the ground that the motion was
substantially the same that had just previously
been voted down by the House. From that
decision of the Chair an appeal was taken.
Unless the appeal is insisted upon, the Chair
will state the question upon the motion of the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Would it not bo in order
to move to reconsider the vote by which tho
House refused a committee of conference, in order
that this matter may be opened up for further
conference ? The power to move a reconsider-
ation is in the hands of the gentleman from Geor-
gia; and I submit that my proposition is the bet-
ter one.
Mr. COBB. If, by general consent, a vote can
be taken upon the motion to insist, and ask for a
committee of conference, I will not interpose any
objection.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. COBB. Then I insist upon ray motion
to recede, and demand the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman from Georgia cannot
move to recede pending the appeal taken by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KUNKEL. I withdraw that.
Mr. WASHBURN. Was not that appeal
pending at the time the gentlemaritfrom Georgia
made his motion ? If so, I claim the floor, and
move that the House adhere to its disagreement.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to consider-
ing the motion as before the House, to be dis-
posed of after my motion shall have been acted
