656
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSlbNAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, fyc.—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
compared with the one I am about to mention.
On the 19th of May, it was announced that Mr.
Sumner would address the Senate upon the Kan-
sas question. The floor of the Senate, the gal-
leries, and avenues leading thereto, were thronged
with an expectant audience; and many of us left
our places in this House to hear the Massachu-
setts orator. To say that we were delighted with
the speech we heard, would but faintly express
the deep emotions of our hearts awakened by
it. I need not speak of the classic purity of its
language, nor of the nobility of its sentiments.
It was heard by many; it has been read by mil-
lions. There has been no such speech made in
the Senate since the days when those Titans
of American eloquence—the Websters and the
Haynes—contended with each. other for mas-
tery.
It was severe, because it was launched against
tyranny. It was severe as Chatham was severe
when he defended the feeble colonies against the
giant oppression of the mother country. It was
made in the face of a hostile Senate. It continued
through the greater portion of two days; and yet,
during that time, the speaker was not once called
to order. This fact is conclusive as to the per-
sonal and parliamentary decorum of the speech.
He had provocation enough. His State had been
called hypocritical. He nimself had been called
" a puppy," " a fool," " a fanatic," and " a dis-
honest man." Yet he was parliamentary from
the beginning to the end of his speech. INo man
knew better than he did the proprieties of the
place, for he had always observed them. No
man knew better than he did parliamentary law,
because he had made it the study of his life.
No man saw more clearly than he did the flaming
sword of the Constitution, turning every way,
guarding all the avenues of the Senate. But he
was not thinking of these things; he was not think-
ing then of the privileges of the Senate nor of the
fuarantees of the Constitution; he was there to
enounce tyranny and crime, and he did it. He
was there to speak for the rights of an empire,
and he did it, bravely and grandly.
So much for the occasion of the speech. A
word, and I shall be pardoned, about the speaker
himself. He is my friend; for many and many
a year I have looked to him for guidance and
light, and I never looked in vain. He never had
a personal enemy in his life; his character is as
pure as the snowthat falls on his native hills; his
heart overflows with kindness for every being
having the upright form of man; he is a ripe
scholar, a chivalric gentleman, and a warm-
hearted, true friend. He sat at the feet of Chan-
niag, and drank in the sentiments of that noble
soul. He bathed in the learning and undying
love of the great jurist Story; and the hand of
Jackson, with its honors and its offices, sought
him early in life, but he shrank from them with
instinctive modesty. Sir, he is the pride of Mas-
sachusetts. His mother commonwealth found
him adorning the highest walks of literature
and law, and she bade him go and grace somewhat
the rough character of political life. The people
of Massachusetts—the old and the young and the
middle-aged, now pay their full homage to the
beauty of his public and private character. Such
is Caiiut Sumner.
On the 22d day of May, when the Senate and
the House had clothed themselves in mourning
for a brother fallen in the battle of life in the dis-
tant State of Missouri, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts sat in the silence of the Senate Chamber,
engaged in the employments appertaining to his
office, when a member from this House, who had
taken an oath to sustain the Constitution, stole
into the Senate, that place which had hitherto
been held sacred against violence, and smote him
as Cain smote his brother.
Mr. KEITT, (in his seat.) That is false.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I will not bandy epi-
thets with the gentleman. I am responsible for
my own language. Doubtless he is responsible
-for his.
Mr. KEITT. Iam.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I shall stand by mine.
One blow was enough; but it did not satiate
wrath of that spirit which had pursued him
through two days. Again and again, quicker
and faster fell the leaden blows, until he was torn
away from his victim, when the Senator from
Massachusetts fell in the arms of his friends, and
his blood ran down on the Senate floor. Sir, the
act was brief, and my comments on it shall be
brief also. I denounce it in the name of the Con-
stitution it violated. I denounce it in the name
of the sovereignty of Massachusetts, which was
stricken down by the blow. I denounce it in the
name of humanity. I denounce it in the name
of civilization which it outraged. I denounce it
in the name of that fair play which bullies and
prize-fighters respect. What! strike a man
when be is pinioned—when he cannot respond
to a blow! Call you that chivalry? In what
' code of honor did you get your authority for
that? I do not believe that member has a friend
so dear who must not, in his heart of hearts,
condemn the act. Even the member himself
if he has left a spark of that chivalry and gal-
lantry attributed to him, must loathe and scorn
; the act. God knows I do not wish to speak un-
kindly, or in a spirit of revenge; but I owe it to
my manhood and the noble State I, in part, rep-
resent, to express my deep abhorrence of the act
But much as I reprobate the act, much more do I
reprobate the conduct of those who were by, and
saw the outrage perpetrated. Sir, especially do
I notice the conduct of that Senator recently from
the free platform of Massachusetts, with the odor
of her hospitality on him, who stood there, not
only silent and quiet while it was going on, but,
when it was over, approved the act. And worse:
when he had time to cool, when he had slept on
it, he went into the Senate Chamber of the United
States, and shocked the sensibilities of the world
J by approving it. Another Senator did not take
part because he feared his motives might be
questioned, exhibiting as extraordinary a deli-
cacy as that individual who refused to rescue
a drowning mortal because he had not been intro-
! duced to him. [Laughter.] Another was not on
good tetms; and .yet,if rumor be true, that Sena-
tor has declared that himself and family are more
indebted to Mr. Sumner than to any other man;
yet, when he saw him borne bleeding by, he
turned and went on the other side. Oh, mag-
nanimous Slidell ! Oh, prudent Douglas ! Oh,
audacious Toombs!
Sir,there tire questions arising out of this which
far transcend those of a mere persona] nature.
Of those personal considerations I shall speak,
when the question comes properly before us, if I
am permitted to do so. The higher question
involves the very existence of the Government
itself. If, sir, freedom of speech is not to remain
to us, what is all this Government worth. If we
from Massachusetts, or any other State—Sena-
tors, or members of the House—are to be called
to account by some " gallant nephew " of some
" gallant uncle," when we utter something which
does not suit their sensitive natures, we desire to
know it. If the conflict is to be transferred from'
this peaceful, intellectual 'field to one where, it
is said, "honors are easy and responsibilities
equal," then we desire to know it. Massachu-
setts, if her sons and representatives are to have
the rod held over them, if these things are to
continue, the time may come—though she utters
no threats—when she may be called upon to
withdraw them to her own bosom, where she
can furnish to them that protection which is not
vouchsafed to them under the flag of their com-
mon country. But, while she permits us to
remain, we shall do our duty—our whole duty.
We shall speak whatever we choose to speak,
when we will, where we will, and how we will,
regardless of all consequences.
Sir, the sons of Massachusetts are educated at
the knees of their mothers, in the doctrines of
peace and goodwill, and, God knows, they desire
to cultivate those feelings—feelings of social kind-
ness, and public kindness. The House will bear
witness that we have not violated or trespassed
upon any of them; but, sir, if we are pushed too
lpng ana too far, there are men from the old com-
monwealth of Massachusetts who will not shrink
from a defense of freedom of speech, and the
honored State they represent, on any field, where
they may be assaued.
RESOLUTIONS OP MASSACHUSETTS, &c.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Tuesday, June 24,1856,
In relation to the assault on Mr. Sumner, and the resolu-
tions of the Massachusetts Legislature on that subject.
On motion of Mr. Butler, the Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 179) to'authorize the people of Kansas to form a
constitution and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union when they have the requisite
population.
Mr. HUNTER. I announced yesterday even-
ing that 1 should speak on certain resolutions
passed by the Legislature of the State of Massa-
chusetts, which were presented and laid on the
table while I was absent in Virginia. I suppose
my purpose will be effected by speaking to those
resolutions on the present bill. If there be any
objection to this, I shall have to ask the Senate to
lay aside this bill, and move to take up the reso-
lutions themselves; but if there be no objection,
I shall proceed to discuss them on this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
remark, that the resolutions referred to by the
Senator were considered part of the special order
at the time when the Senator from South Caro-
lina addressed the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I so regarded them.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it was with
deep regret that I first saw the announcement of
the passage of those resolutions by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Massachusetts. I was con-
j cerned to see that great State interpose for the
I purpose of converting what seemed to me to be
' a personal dispute into the magnitude of a public
quarrel. In the history of the two Houses of
Congress since the institution of this Govern-
ment, there have been many instances of personal
collisions in which members have been engaged,
arising out of words spoken in debate; but so
far as I am acquainted with their history, this is
the first case in which any State has interposed
for the purpose of taking part in such quarrels.
When Mr. John duincy Adams, of Massachu-
setts, was President of the United States, his Secre-
tary of State challenged a Senator from Virginia
for words spoken in debate, arid the quarrel thus
made was not settled until two shots had been
exchanged on the ground. The Legislature of
Virginia did not interpose for the purpose of de-
manding of the Senate to protect the privileges
of its Senator, or to shield him from the conse-
quences of his speech; but, on the contrary, it
was content to leave him to meet all his personal
responsibilities, under the belief that he would be
able to defend himself. There have been cases
in which members have fallen at the hands of
each other for disputes arising out of debates; and
yet I know of no instance before, in which the
Legislature of any State has stepped forward to
prejudge the case, and to pronounce the sentence
which is to he given. '
I can see no consequence so likely to flow from
this attempt, in the present instance, as that of
exasperating the unfortunate sectional dispute
which is now raging in the country. But, sir,
that was not the only thing in these resolutions
which excited pain and regret in my mind. I was
concerned to see that, when the State of Massa-
chusetts sat in judgment on this case, it had
nothing to say by way of rebuke to its Senator
for the offensive language which he uttered, not
merely towards a majority of the members of this
body, or towards certain individuals who were in
it, but towards all the slave-States, and particu-
larly towards the States of South Carolina and
Virginia. Not only did she hare no word of
rebuke to offer for such a speech—a speech which
called out from the venerable Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] the declaration that it was the
most unpatriotic and un-American speech he had
ever heard on this floor—not only, I say, did she
have no word of rebuke to utter for the offensive
personalities of such a speech, but she actually
indorsed and encouraged them, for she returned
him her thanks for having made them; for in no
other light can we regard her resolution "approv-
ing" of Mr. Sumner's manliness and courage in
his earnest and fearless declaration of free prin-
