1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon. The question is, whether the bill is to be
lost or passed ?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to have the ques-
tion taken separately upon each one of these
motions. Let the demand for the previous ques-
tion be first put upon the motion to recede. If
that motion is voted down, let the other motion
be made, and then let the motion to adhere be last
put to the House, if the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia is voted down.
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust the previews ques-
tion will not be sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire of the
Chair whether it is not in order now to move to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
a committee of conference ? That motion has not
been made.
A Member. A motion to reconsider cannot
be made after the second dny. This is the third
day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is not the third day,
because this bill is now for the first time before
the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it will be in order to
do so, as soon as the vote shall have been taken
upon the motion of the gentleman from Georgia
to recede, I will move to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, the motion to reconsider cannot be enter-
tamed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
a suspension of the joint rule, by which this bill
is brought up in the precise condition in which
it was in at the time of adjournment, does not
put it in the power of those who voted with the
majority to move to reconsider that vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has expressed
the opinion, that under the rules of the House it
is not in order to move to reconsider.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no objection upon
this side of the House to a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chair. The gentleman from
Georgia has made amotion to recede. That mo-
tion is now before the House. The gentleman
from Maine has made a motion to adhere. Now,
if the gentleman from Ohio makes his motion to
insist, and ask a committee of conference, and
all three motions are before the House, will not
the question be first upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia to recede; next on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, if the first be
voted down; and then, if the second motion be
voted down, the motion to adhere will come up,
and we will thus have all the motions before us ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will recollect that the motion to insist and
agree to a confidence has been just refused by
the House.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; but here is a motion
to recede, which takes precedence of it, and must
be voted on before it.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would inquire whether
the motion to insist docs not always take prece-
dence ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to insist does
not take precedence at this time.
Mr. JONES. If the motion to adhere be not
admitted, and the motion to recede be admitted
and voted down, will it not be in order then to
make the motion to insist?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
if may be admitted a second time.
Mr. JONES, Then that motion would come
in now.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make
it at the present time.
Mr. COBB. I yielded the floor when I had
made the motion to recodc, in order that the gen-
tleman from Maine might make his motion to
adhere, for the purpose of enabling all sides of
the House to have a vote on their favorite mo-
tions. I now ask that by unanimous consent the
motion nf the gentleman from Ohio to insist and
ask a committee of conference shall also be in-
cluded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
GROW objected.
Mr. COBB. "Very well; the gentleman from
Illinois objects. I want it known that we on tins
25
side of the House were willing to take a vote on
each motion.
^ Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw the motion for the previous
question for one moment, until I can make a sug-
gestion to him.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentlemaiimake his sug-
gestion now?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman do not
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and if the motion to adhere is before the House
as well as the motion to recede, I move a call of
the House, to be prosecuted to the extent of send-
ing for absent members. The bill will be de-
featedif we voteon itunderpresentcircumstances.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the call of the
House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barksdale, Bell, Ilendley
S.Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Biancli, Brooks, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Bayard
Clarke, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Denver, Dow-
deli, Edmund^on, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L Harris, Hickman, Hoff-
man, Houston, Jevvett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, Kulwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Max-
well, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million. Mor-
decai Oliver, Oir, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Ricaud, Rivers, Kufltn, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shor-
ter, William Smith, William ft. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Talboit, Taylor, Underwood. Vail, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Williams, Wjnsiow, and John V. Wright—83.
NAYS—Messts. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Hilhnghurst, Bmgham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chatfee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Evans, Flagler, Giddmcs, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Haven, Iiolloway, Thomas
It. Hoiton, Howard, Hughston, Kclsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowiton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiier, Mace, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty,
Kilhan Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morull, Mott, Muiray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pike,Pnngle, Quitman, Ritchie, Roberts, ilobi-
son, Rust, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranabnn, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, WaUhou,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washhurne, Israel
Washburn, Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
woith—105.
So a call of the House was refused.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb,] to recede from the disagreement of the
House to the Senate's amendment. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Washburn] moves that
the House adhere to its disagreement, and the
previous question is called. Unless a division is
asked, the previous question will apply to both
motions.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask a division of the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURN. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is competent to call for
a division of the previous question.
The previous question on Mr. Cobb's motion
was seconded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN. Is it in order to move
the previous question on the other motion now?
The SPEAKER. It may be stated now or
subsequently.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will move it now.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adhere being
pending legitimately before the House, the Chair
is of opinion that the previous question may be
called on it.
Mr. STEPHENS. The previous question may-
be called on it; but the vote cannot be taken until
after the other vote is taken.
Mr. COMINS, I rise to'a question of order.
Is the bill which you have taken from the Speak-
er's table a living thing, or did it not die with
the expiration of the session of Congress, which
ended on the 18th instant?
The SPEAKER. It was brought before the
House by the resolution of the Senate in which
the House concurred.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Cobb's
motion.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 97, nays 100; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie,Clingman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Craw-
ford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven,
Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidweli, Lake, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen,Smith
Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Quitman, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, San-
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Com-
ins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie,
Ed wards, Emiie, Flagler,Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Grow, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Howard,
Hughston, Kclsey, King, Knapp, Knight, ICnowhon, Knox,
Kunkel, Letter, Mace, Matteson, McCaity, Kilhan Miller,
Millward, Morgan, Morrill,Mott, Murrav, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike,
Pnngle, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts, Robison, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Ellihu B. Was-hhurne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—100.
So the House refused to recede from its dis-
agreement to the Senate amendment.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BUFFINTON said: On this question I
have paired off with Mr. Carlile. If I had a
vote I should vote "no."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken. I desire to know
whether, if it be reconsidered, it will then be in
order to move that the House further insist on
its disagreeing vote, and give the committee of
conference which was asked by the Senate at the
last session, my purpose being to respond to the
call which the Senate has made?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is that the House adhere; and on that the
main question has been called. If the House
should reconsider the vote whereby the House
refused to recede, the question immediately recurs,
will the House recede?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Could that motion not be
modified?
The SPEAKER. It could not be modified.
The House would be immediately brought to the
question, " Will the Plouse receae from its disa-
greement?" Then, that question being disposed
of, it would come back on the motion of the
gentleman from Maine to adhere, after which it
would be in order to move that the House insist.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the Chair to
rule that, if the motion to adhere be voted down,
it will then be in order to move to agree to the
Senate's request for a committee of conference?
Mr. WINSLOW, (at twenty-five minutes after
two o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it in order to move a call
of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I make that motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn, and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pelton and
Winslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty-eight, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn. ^ «
The previous question was secondea*on Mr.
Washburn's motion.
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The mam question was ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghuist. Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, J3mes H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Colfax. Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback,Damiell, Tim-
othy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Edwards, Emrifi, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert, Granger, (*row, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kclsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowi-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty,
Killian Miller, Millward, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
