1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, fyc.—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
ciples, and his defense of human rights and free
territory.
Mr. President, so long as the attacks on my
State emanated from aaingle individual, I had
nothing to say. Virginia can live under the taunts
of any individual, I care not who he be; and
portentous indeed would be the day, if it should
ever arise, when the
" Falcon, tow'ring in her pride of place.
Was by a mousing owl hawk'd at, and kill'd."
But when a State of this Confederacy comes
forward to indorse the attack, and to thank the
person who has uttered what I conceive to be
a slander, it appears to me that I owe it as a duty
to my constituents and to myself, as well as to
others who may be concerned, to examine into
the foundation upon which this accusation has
been so unnecessarily and unprovokedly made
against my State.
I pass over the personalities towards friends of
mine on this floor—towards myself even, so far as
I am included in that majority who voted for the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and towards the slavehold-
ing States in the generality, to which I belong; and
I come to the specific attack on the State of Vir-
ginia, which I understand the State of Massa-
chusetts to indorse and approve. The Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] speaking of
my colleague, said:
"He holds the commission of Virginia: but he does not
represent that early Virginia, so dear to our hearts, which
gave to us the pen of Jefferson, by which the equality of
men was declared, and the sword of Washington, by which
independence was secured; but be represents that otber
Virginia, from which Washington and Jefferson now avert
their faces, where human beings are bred as cattle for the
shambles, and where a dungeon rewards the pious matron
who teaches little children to relieve their bondage by read-
ing the Book of Life. It is proper that such a Senator,
representing such a State, should rail against free Kansas."
The foundation upon which this accusation
rests—and it has not even the poor merit of ori-
ginality with him who has last made it, is the fact
that slavery, and as a consequence of it the slave
trade, exists in the State of Virginia—that is_ to
say, slaves are not only held in bondage, but, being
treated as property, it follows as a consequence
that they are sold from one to another. These
are the facts upon which the attack is based.
The coloring in which it is dressed up depends
on the fancy or the taste of him who may happen
to use the brush. 1 say it has not even the poor
merit of originality, but it is a stale and hackneyed
reproach in the cant of all the abolition news-
papers. It was made by a distinguished scholar
and rhetorician on the other side of the water,
who assailed the States of Virginia and North
Carolina for what he called the domestic slave
trade—a man who, though distinguished for his
felicity in picture writing, too often mars its effect
by the extravagance of the coloring which he
uses—I mean the celebrated Macaulay. The
foundation on which this rests is, that owing to
the fact of the juxtaposition of these two races
on our soil, slavery has flowed from- it as a
necessary incident. These are circumstances of
long standing, and for which we are no more
responsible tSan those who accuse us. History
proves that, so far as Virginia was concerned,
this institution was fastened upon her against her
remonstrance by the British Government. His-
tory also shows, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts confesses, the complicity of his State in his
speech, that the slave was sold to us in great part
by the men of Old England and New England;
and surely the buyer could not have been more
responsible than he who sold to him.
Now, sir, out of the fact that these races have
been standing together side by side in great num-
bers in the relation of master and slave, it has
followed that the happiness of both races requires
that this relation should be kept up. This has
been proved by the experience of the British Gov-
ernment itself; and if there were no such experi-
ence, it could be proved by any one who knew
how to reason upon the principles of human na-
ture. Turn them loose to-morrow side by side,
and you would see the black race perishing in the
fierce competition which would ensue with the
superior and white race, which was dominant
around it. You would see either that, or you
would see that as they increased in numbers, and
population began to press upon the means of su li-
ft ew Series—No. 42. .
sistence, the white man would-leave the country
and abandon some of the fairest portions of this
continent to the occupation of the negro. We
know that from the experiment which has already
been tried. I may say that human nature and
the experience of States around us both teach
us that, although the slave would be nominally
emancipated, he would in fact be in far worse
bondage than he was held before. He would
have not one, but many masters; and instead of
having some one person who was responsible for
his protection, who was linked to° him, as all per-
sons are who inherit slaves, by the ties of a cer-
tain sort of family connection, he would belong
to every white man, and nobody would be re-
sponsible for the treatment by which he was
crushed. I say this is proved, too, by the experi-
ment which has been tried by the English Gov-
ernment itself in the West India Islands. We
know that if a similar experiment were tried
here, its effect would be to substitute barbarism
for civilization, and that the wilderness and waste
would begin to encroach at once upon the culti-
vated field.
We know, on the other hand, that under this
institution of slavery we can present more than
three millions of African negroes who exhibit a
greater degree of progress and improvement, of
happiness and virtue, than the same number of
that race who can be found under any other Gov-
ernment or in any other clime. I say, then, that
we can point to all these things to prove, and to
show, that the holding of these men in bondage
is the necessary result of those circumstances
which originated out of the action in part of Old
England and of New England herself. Now, if
we can show that the preservation of this rela-
tion inures to the benefit both of the white and
the black race, and that to destroy it would effect
a cruel injury to each, do we not show what jus-
tifies us in holding them iii that condition? Do
we not give reasons which prove that it is our
duty to do so ?
By what right, then, does any man reproach
us for doing that which places the society of our
country in the very best possible position ? Sir,
the statesman is not responsible for not attain-
ing the greatest ideal good. He is responsible
for not doing the best under the circumstances;
and he who has done that has discharged his full
duty to his race and to his principles. Are we
to say, we will put down any organization, social
or political, in which we find individual cases of
evil and injustice ? What social system or insti-
tutions would stand?—what government on the
face of the earth could endure for a minute, under
such a doctrine? We know that in the great
scheme of creation itself, framed by an all-pow-
erful, all-wife, and all-good Being, evil exists.
He permits it, and why, we do not understand;'
but he does not destroy the works of his creation
on this account. We know that, in any form of
society which could be organized,evil must exist;
and to reproach a statesman or a people because
in their institutions they may not have attained
perfection, is to demand of them more than is
possible for human nature. All that they can be
required to do is what is best under the circum-
stancea* He who demands more, and makes
war upon all Governments in which more is "not
effected, is an enemy of his race, and a disturber
of the peace of mankind—a man to be ranked,
not with the statesmen, but with the madmen of
the world.
Now, sir, I ask if both reason and experience do
not prove that to retain these two races in that rela-
tion on our own soil is the very best thing which
can be done for them? But, Mr. President, the
mischief of the attempt to turn these slaves loose,
for the not doing of which we are thus reproached
both abroad and at home, would not be confined
to the two races on our soil; it would extend to
those very countries which hurl these reproaches
at us,"and to the whole civilized world. There
are probably as many people outside of the slave
States who derive profit and existence from the
proceeds of slave labor, as are to be found within
them. On the great staple of slave-grown cotton,
it is now estimated that nearly, or quite, three
million British subjects depend for their subsist-
ence. I take this from the recent declaration of
the Manchester Peace Society, and I have seen a
similar declaration before. When we come to
add the number who depend on the other slave-
frown staples, not only in Great Britain but in all
lurope, and in the free States of our own Con-
federacy, we should find, I believe, that there
were more depending for their existence on the
institution of slavery, and its profits, outside of
our slaveholdin? States than within them. We
should find, probably, if we could pursue the in-
quiry strictly and accurately, that Massachusetts
herself is more interested in the profits of slave
labor, and subsists a larger number of people
upon it, than do, perhaps, the States of Maryland
or Missouri, or even some other slave States which
I might enumerate.
Not only this; but those who thus make sla-
very profitable by creating the demand for the
products of slave labor, are as much responsible
for the institution as we are who own the slaves.
The deadliest blow that could be dealt to slavery
would be to refuse to receive the products of
slave labor. Do that, and you destroy the de- '
mand which makes it profitable. Do that, and,
so far as Old England or New England are con-
cerned, you would do it at only a pecuniary
expense; but it would cost us not merely money,
but our social and political happiness. They
could do that at a mere pecuniary expense; but
will they do it, or have they done it? Why, sir,
it is a little remarkable that, in this very philippic
which Macaulay uttered against the institution
of slavery in Virginia and North Carolina, he
was engaged in the work, in which he succeeded,
of repealing the discrimination against slave-grown
sugar, which had been made for the benefit of
their own colonies, upon whom they had forced
emancipation. He not only made it to force the
repeal of that discriminating duty, but he suc-
ceeded; and England did repeal it, notwithstand-
ing the obligations which sne owed to her colo-
nies, on whom she had forced this harsh measure,
to give them, at least, that advantage in her own
markets.
If we examine the" history of the institution,
we find, as I have just endeavored to show, from
its commencement to the present period, that
those who now reproach us are as responsible
as we. In the first instance, they sold the slave
and we bought him. Now, we sell the products
of his labor and they buy it. The complicity is
the same; the process is reversed. It nas been
said, sir, and well said, that the judgment of him
was to be commended,
" Who sent the thief that stole the gold away,
And punished bim who put it in his way."
Upon that principle, I submit that, if there be
guilt and if tnere be wrong in maintaining this
relation, they are as responsible for it as we are.
But in point of fact there is no guilt eitheHn the
one or in the other. The wrong is in converting
that into a matter of reproach against us which
is not properly the subject of reproach, and for
which, if it were, they are as much responsible
as we are.
Mr. President, it is said that slaves are sold as
chattels and as property from one to another in
the States in which the institution is tolerated. I
know that this presents a splendid field for decla-
mation; and if! did not know it before, I should
have known it after following Macaulay in his
display upon this subject. I know that individual
cases may be selected, some of which are real,
and some of which are imaginary, in which hard-
ships and misery may be shown; but notwith-
standing all that, I say the practice of selling
them from one to another, and the slave trade it-
self, is the very safety-valve of the institution, so
far as both races are concerned, in the South. It
is owing to this that the slaves have been able to
make the progress which they have done. It is
through this process that they acquire the means
and facilities for emigration which are necessary
for the improvement of every race that has ever
made any improvement in the history of man.
The stronger races satisfy this necessity of their
condition by armed emigration; the weaker are
made to do it by forced emigration; and history
shows that the African has performed his share of
that process, from an age beyond the date of the
pyramids, in the caravan of the slavetrader. Some
of the very routes whioh he then traveled are
pursued by him now for the same purposes and
