THE CGMBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF^CONGRESS, PUBLISHED B¥
" c."' Rif E'sr WAsMiGTifr#7 '<£
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1856.
NW1 Srkies. . .vffar.M.1
the initiative only for governmental convenience;
but the power is a concurrent one, lodged in
.the President and Senate by the Constitution,
ff that be true, or whether it be so or not,
there might be a constitutional propriety in sug-
festing to the President, by a resolution of the
enate alone, sitting in executive session, to
appoint a minister at Rio Janeiro, or at any other
place, with a view to make a treaty which the
Senate might think it desirable to make, but which
the President had not suggested. The two cases,
however, are utterly inapposite; for here the
Constitution has given to the President alone the
power to command the Army. He is com-
mander-in-chief, and one of the first duties, and
an exclusive duty of the commander-in-chief
is, to designate the officers for particular and
separate portions of the command. Congress
has no correlative power here; least of all has the
Senate.
I think, Mr. President, it may be possible
(1 am not informed at all on this point, and I
pannot be informed, for I have no source ofinform-
ation open to me on which my judgment can
repose,) that if we by a solemn resolution of the
Senate advise the President that he should place
the general-in-chief at the head of the forces in
Kansas, it may do very great mischief—not by
sending that gentleman there, in whom I have
confidence equal to that of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, but in the suggestion itself, in the measure,
it might mar everything which is now taking
place. It might derange the existing system of
things there as arranged by the President. It
might possibly inspire these people with an idea
of pacification and terms which they ought not to
entertain. It would in other words take the sub-
ject out of the hands where the Constitution has
lodged it, and place it in hands where the Con-
stitution has not lodged it, and where it would be
very unfortunate if it was lodged, because a body
like this cannot exercise executive power.
Again, I should be disinclined to interfere with
the action of the President in this matter, because
so far the very Senator who has proposed the
resolution has expressed himself satisfied with
what the President has done. It would certainly
be immature and ill judged, if we are satisfied
with what he has done, to prompt him to do that
abput which our judgment cannot be informed,
for we have not information.
Besides, I think it would be an exceedingly bad
precedent. I am not aware that it would be wise
 n the Senate to adopt any act as a Senate, unless
it has a sanction annexed to it by which it can
be carried into execution. If the Senate have
power to pass a resolution, they must have power
to enforce it. We have had some little expe-
rience on this subject very recently, in a matter
in which I think that experience has shown that
the two Houses of Congress have trenched on
the executive power in the act which was passed
at the last session, for the reorganization of the
diplomatic and consular service of the country.
That law provided, in mandatory terms, that the
President should appoint ministers plenipoten-
tiary at various courts where we had not these
.ministers plenipotentiary. It was construed by
the Executive, as we have been officially informed,
that it could not have been intended as manda-
tory, although the terms were so, but as suggest-
ive only, and that official, and doubtless personal,
respect which actuates the President towards the
coordinate branches of the Government induced
hif«, os far as he could, to concur in the sugges-
tion which was made: but it has produced embar-
rassments and difficulties from .which we are not
yet free.
I should be reluctant to make any official sug-
gestion to the President of this character, which,
as it seems to me, .would be trenching t>n the
executive authority, and which, with every pur-
pose to do good, might possibly do harm. More
than all, I think it a bad precedent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question is about
the propriety of this body making a request to
the Pftssident of the United States, no matter what
88
the subject of it may be.' Gentlemen say that we
have no power to make a request of the President.
I say we have any and every power to make a
request. We should act very imprudently and
idly if we made ourselves needless intermeddlers
in the affairs of others on every occasion; but
there may be occasions when the Senate would
be guilty of a great dereliction of duty if it failed,
when public interests depended upon it, to make
a suggestion, or a request, to strengthen the hands
of the President, as well as to aid him in making
up his judgment. This power is totally denied,
and the Constitution is resorted to. Why, sir,
does anybody suppose thatthe Constitution would
say, "The Senate is authorized to make a re-
quest?" The very term " request" signifies its
own meaning. There is no power in it; it is a
suggestion about a common interest. We are not
advising the President about his own affairs, but
our affairs—our constituents' affairs.
Now, sir, as to the exercise of this power: does
not my friend from Virginia recollect that he has
contended on this floor at the present session that
the President's executive power authorized him
to give Denmark notice of the termination of our
treaty with her? I believe that the resolution
came from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
of which the Senator from Virginia is chairman,
requesting the President to exercise that power.
Was not this intermeddling with the President's
duty ? Do you see any provision of the Consti-
tution authorizing the Senate to make that request
more than the request which this resolution
makes ? If you have the right to make a request,
the subject can make no difference on the point
of power—whether you request this officer to be
placed in a particular service or position, or a no-
tice to be given to terminate a treaty, or to ap-
point a minister. Here, then, is a case which lias
been before us at this session, in regard to the
treaty with Denmark, where a request was made
by the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I do not know whether the
Senator ascribes to me the position that I denied
the right of the Senate to make any request of the
President. I never took such a position.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought so.
Mr. MASON. I say we cannot make this
request, that he shall appoint a certain military
officer. We make requests every day. We daily
pass resolutions requesting the President to send
us information on certain topics. In reference to
the matter to which the Senator has adverted, the
resolution was one passed by the Senate in exec-
utive session requesting the President to give
that notice. There the Senate acted as part of
the treaty-making power. I hope, whenever the
Senate will hear me on the subject, to satisfy
them that it was as part of the treaty-making
power only—an act of the President and Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Iam not disputing that
matter now; but if there is no constitutional power
to make this request, where do you get power to
make the requests which the gentleman says are
daily made for information? Have you not a
right to suppose that the President will commu-
nicate all information which he considers useful ?
The argument against my resolution is, that the
President will make all proper appointments, and
therefore it is not necessary. May I not say that
the President will furnish all necessary informa-
tion to us, and therefore why request him ? The
Senator from Virginia has furnished instances
which I did not think of—ay, an abundance of
them. We have power, according to these in-
stances, to make requests.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, so long as
the question before the Senate practically was,
whether this resolution should be taken up for
consideration, I abstained from participating in
the debate, because, being favorable to the pas-
sage of the resolution with the modifications
which I suggested yesterday, I desired not to de-
feat so important a purpose by manifesting any
undue zeal or interest m its support. But we
have already seen that the question upon taking
up the resolution is virtually a question upon its
adaption; and so, with the eou'rtesy'ahdliberality
which usually prevail fri the Senate, "the merits
of thfe whole resolution itself havebeen brought
under consideration. I think I foresee, though
perhaps T may be mistaken" in this respect, that
although a vote to take up the resolution will pot
be equivalent to its passage, a vote'not'to talce it
up will be equivalent to its rejection by the Sen-
ate. I am unwilling that the subject shall pass
from the Senate finally, and the "resolution be de-
feated upon the arguments made in favor of it
simply by the very able, talented; arid'veneratle
Senator who introduced it, and tlie qthers who
have sustained it; because all tliose honorable
Senators have concurred with those who have
opposed the resolution in admitting it to be a true
feature of the troubles, disturbances, and com-
motions existing in Kansas, that the acts of re-
sistance there are against the laws of the land,
and that the President of the United States is
truly engaged in enforcing the laws of the land—
some honorable Senators say, in enforcing the
submission of rebels—others say, in suppressing
and punishing traitors. Fr.om all tfys my hon-
orable and Venerable friend from Kentucky does
not dissent. ' " • ■ ' . *
So the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Toucev,] taking the same "view, "aij'd agree-
ing with the honorable Senator 'from' Florida,
[Mr. Mallory,] says there are courts and there
are magistrates, and there are ministerial officerG
in Kansas, to render justice between man and
man, and compel submission to the laws of the
land; and that it is a mere question of executive
duty, and executive responsibility and power,
and not a legislative question, which is" involved
in the condition of affairs in Kansas.
Sir, against all this, I beg leave, most respect-
fully, in the name of the people of Kansas, and
in the name of those who maintain the cause of
the people of Kansas, elsewhere, "to protest now,
henceforth, and forever.- Let us come jUreBtly
to the real question which is before the Sermteof
the United States.
About the seventieth year of the Republic,
after the commencement of a career of aggran-
dizement, of conquest, of annexation, of domin-
ion, such as happened to Rome; such as hap-
pened to France; such as happened to Britain;
such as has happened to many other empires—
you have reached a crisis in go vernment of anew
character, requiring new responsibilities. " It is
that of civil commotion—civil war. I do not say
that there is civil war in Kansas now. It is a
refinement to discuss the question whether the
commotions in Kansas have attained the painful
eminence of civil war. I do say that towns' are
desolated; that cities are burned; that lives are
destroyed; that the law is broken'down, if law-
exists there; that life, liberty, and property, are
unprotected by the civil power; and that a mili-
tary power to maintain the authority of the Unifxd
States is held in the Territory, for the purpose,
as it is said, of preventing the incursion of war-
like and invading parties from an adjoining State
on the one side, and to compel reluctant and
extorted obedience from portions of tlie citizens
of Kansas on the other; and that hostile parties
innumerable, various — conflicting in designs,
purposes, and objects—are engaged in a fearful,
fratricidal strife in that new and interesting, but
most unhappy community.
If thesd features of the commotions existing in
Kansas do not constitute the evil of civil war, ii
is simply because citizens have not yet marshaled
themselves into the forms of regular opposing and
conflicting organizations under the lead of recog-
nized military authorities. It is manifest, how
ever, that they tend to that issue necessarily,
inevitably, and conclusive!v; and that issue is
driven and forced onward's, not merely b-; ^
events occurring in the Territory its$, b«t bf
the forces of opinion, of interest, of ppftSion, of
ambition, operating ur.on the psjsiea in every
other Territory, m ey ery other Sfeteof the Union,
m every Legislative 0f every State of the Union,
and manifested throughout thedebates and action
