1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
m
I may therefore, it seems to me, with propriety,
vote for this bill, with the amendment which"I
propose, and which I hope the Committee'on Com-
merce will not object to. I do not see why that
committee desire to place this upon general prin-
ciples, for the express purpose of meeting the
Executive veto. The chairman and members of
the committee must understand that if the bill be
passed m the form in which they have presented
it, ii must be vetoed, by the Executive; and m my
opinion ought to receive his veto. I therefore
trust the committee will consent to this amend-
ment. All that wc ask is, that the balance of the
money, which has not yet been expended, and
which was appropriated at the last Congress to
accomplish a particular object, may be so ex-
pended as to carry out that object in good faith;
and that all the obstructions which have accumu-
lated in the Savannah river, in consequence of
these hulks which were sunk there during the
revolutionary war, whether by one party or the
other, may be cleaned out for the benefit of the
navigation of that river. I can see no icason
why the Committee on Commerce desire to make
this a general expenditure. The State of Georgia
does not ask it. The city of Savannah does not
ask it. All we desire is, m order that we may
not meet the difficulty of the Executive veto, that,
this money may be applied in a particular man-
ner; and having accomplished that object we shall
be' content if it dors not restore the navigation of
the river to its original condition.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the honorable
Senator fiom Georgia do me the favor to state
who it was that contended that Congress had
power to dam up the Cumberland river at its
inoui h >
Mr. 1VERSON. I happened to be in the Senate
Chamber when that question arose and was de-
bated a few years since. Adam had been placed
across the Cumberland river some years before,
by act ofCongress, for the purpose of changmgthe
channel of the Ohio river. It was at the mouth of
the Cumberland in the Ohio river. The purpose
was to change the cm rent and deepen the channel
of thelattcrononesidc. Hwasa dam constructed,
as I understand, fiom the mam shore to an island
in the Ohio river, opposite the mouth of the Cum-
berland river. That dam had been washed away
by a flood, and the proposition then was to ap-
propriate money to reconstruct the dam. On
that proposition the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] made the speech to which I al-
luded, in which he put the power on that clause of
the Constitution which authorizes Congiesa to
maintain a Navy.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state to the Senate
the reasons winch have induced the Committee
on Commerce to report the hill in its present form.
I believe I am authorized to say that it met the
unanimous sanction of all the members of the
committee—at least all who were present, and I
think all the members were present with one ex-
ception. A law was passed during the last Con-
gress making an appropriation, as the Senator
from Georgia has said, for removing obstructions
in the Savannah iiver. As the act is vcryshoit,
comprising but three or four lines, I will read it:
Bed enurted, 4"c., That the sum of**] 61,000 he, and the
same i-< heichv, approp! mted, out ot any money not hereto-
fore appropriated, lo lemovethe obstiuctious it) the Savan-
nah uver. below the city ot Wavannah, in the State of
Gcoigia, placed there dnroig the levoluuonaiy war tor the
common detente."
The bill, as it passed the Senate, m-H the ap-
proval of the President and became a law. It was
subsequently found that the simple removal of the
obstructions which had been placed there would
not make that improvement m the Savannah river
which was desirable. The Secretary of War held
that he had no other power than simply to remove
these obstructions, and that there the limitations
to the expenditure of the money took effect.
Consequently, on a rcsurvey by the proper offi-
cer, it was lecommended that the law should be
so amended that the Department should have
authority to remove the deposits which had accu-
mulated there m consequence of the sinking of
these wrecks.
The law which I ha\e lead states that these
obstructions were pieced theie " for the common
.defense." Upon tin investigation of this matter
by the Committee on Commerce, it has been as-
certained that these obstructions were placed there
by the British Government, to defend their forces
duiing the revolutionary war. Such I understand
to be the truth. Now, the question which arose,
and which the Committee on Commerce examined,
was this: Is the Government under any obligation
to remove obstructions placed m our rivers by a
foreign Power, over and above what it would, be
to remove obstructions placed there by nature—
by a higher Power ? The committee came to the
conclusion that these obstructions, not placed in
the river by our Government, were to be treated
like all obstructions to navigation in our rivers;
and that consequently an appropriation for their
removal, subject to the discietion of the Depart-
ment, should be made like other appropriations
for like objects in other places.
Now, the Senator from Georgia asks, very fairly
and very frankly, do the Committee on Commerce
design to leport a bill for which the people of
of Georgia do not ask ? I answer, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce can see no reason why the
people of Georgia should have a bill passed with
a technicality affixed to it, which shall enable it
to recene the signature of the Piesident in pre-
ference to other bills which are calculated and
designed to accomplish precisely such an object;
that is, to lelieve the navigation of rivers fiom
obstructions, whether natural or artificial. They
thought that it should stand on no other footing
than that on which other bills of a like character
stand. Now, is it advisable that we should
assume that these obstructions were placed there
for the common defense, and that having been so
placed, it is our duty to remove them ? Shall we
take that view in the face of the facts, for the
purpose of passing a bill which shall be effective,
while it might not be effective if it were placed
on the same terms, and under the same conditions,
as appropriations for other rivers'
It may be that the Senator will be able to sat-
isfy me that there arc obligations imposed on the
Government to remove these obstructions above
such as arc imposed with regard to natural ob-
structions. 11 so, J yield the point; but I can see
no distinction between obstructions placed there
by the British Government aud obstiuctions
which are natural to the channel of the river. If
they had been placed there by our own Govern-
ment, and had ceased to perform the purposes for
which they were placed there, it might be that it
would be the duty of the Government to remove
them. I do not say that this would be so even
then, but I submit to the Senate, whether it is
right or just to other sections where appropria-
tions arc to be made to improve the channels of
rivers, that a bill shall be reported m such terms
as will meet success in this case, and which will
insure defeat in others?
These are the reasons which led to the report-
ing of the bill in its present form. They were
1 such reasons as weie satisfactory to (he commit-
I tee; and it is for the Senate to say whether this
I case shall be made an exception to the general
1 rule.
Mr. IVERSON. I have already stated, in the
few remarks which I had the honor to submit a
little while ago, that I saw no difference whatever
between removing obstructions put there even by
our own Government, or by the Confederation
during the revolutionary wai, and removing
those put there by nature. I stated that while a
member of the House of Representatives during
the Thirtieth Congress, I voted against an appro-
priation of $50,000 to remove these very obstruc-
tions m the Savannah river, even on the principle
that they had been put there by the American
Government during the war. According to my
construction of the powers of this Government
under the Constitution, the Fed< ral Government
has no. right, no power to appropriate one dollar
for the improvement <>f the nanga'ion of any
river in the Unitid States. I do not care what
obstructions may have been put into the rivers, or
from what sources they may have originated. J
therefore, do not see any distinction, and I do not
contend that there is any between obstructions
put there by nature or obstructions put there
by the Federal Government,nor between obsti uc-
Uons put there by the Bntish Government and
those which have been put there by any other
Government. They all stand, at Inst, upon the
broad principle of the constitutional power of
the Government to appropriate money to improve
the navigation of rivers within a State. 1 make
no distinction, and therefore I said, and I say
again, that if this were an original proposition to
appropriate money to remove these obstructions
whether they were put there by the British Gov-
ernment, or by the American Confederation foi
the common defense, or by nature, I should vo.te
against it. But, sir, it seems to me that we ought
not to travel behind the act of the last session, ap-
propriating $161,000 to remove certain obstruc-
tions in the Savannah river. The bill recites a
fact which the Senator from Maine denies. He
declares that those obstructions, instead of having
been placed in the Savannah river by the Ameri-
can Government, were placed there by the British
Government. I shall not enter into an historical
examination of this fact to ascertain its truth; be-
cause, according to my position, it does not alter
the question. It io a matter of no consequence
whether the obstructions were placed there by the
British Government to prevent the French "fleet
from coming up to Savannah, or whether they
were put there by the State of Georgia or the
American troops when inoccupation of Savannah,
to pi event the Biitish fleet from approaching that
city.
The appropriation has already been made. £t
was made at the last session of Congress. The
bill making the appropriation recited a fact which*
I think the Senate and the country are bound to
consider as true—namely, that these obstructions
were placed in the river for the common defense
of the American people—were put there by the
American troops in possession of Savannah at
; the time for its defense. This appropriation has
! been made, but the stiingent construction which
| the President and the Secretary of War have
: placed upon the powers of the Government on
1 that subject, confines the appropriation to the
strict words of the law, so that the money cannot
be expended for any other object than the simple
and isolated one of removing the ships actually
sunk in the river—to the removal of the cause,
but not of its otl'ects. Why, sir, the object, the
j intent of the law was, not to remove simply the
' hulks themselves, the cause of the obstructions,
but in fact to remove the obstructions whhh had
been caused there by sinking those ships. I think
the Secretary of War and the President liavo
applied too stringent a construction to the law
and to the powers of the Government. I think
that if it was competent for the Government to
appropriate money to remove the cause of the
obstructions, it was equally competent to appro-
priate money to remove the obstructions them-
selves, which were consequent upon the cause;
and, thcrcfoie, I shall vote for this bill, if amended
as I propose. A part of the appropriation has
already been expended in removing the hulks,
but that does not improve the navigation of the
river. It has accomplished nothing. It will
accomplish nothing, unless the balance of the
money appiopriated at the last Congress be au-
thorized to be employed for the removal of the
obstructions created by the sinking of the hulks.
Now, it seems to me that no Senator can ob-
ject to this. Wc simply ask that the intention of
the oiiginal act shall be carried out. We do not
desire to enlarge the object; but yet the Commit-
tee on Commerce are endeavoring to thrust down
the thronfs of thoRo who are in favor of this
appropriation an enlarged object. The purpose
cannot be misunderstood; the Committee on
Commerce desire to have this bill vetoed by the
President. They do not intend that the State of
Georgia shall hove the bcnelit oftke appropriation
already made, and 1 think that is not very fair.
1 ask what object the Committee on Commerce
can have in view by desiring to < nlarge this ap-
propriation, and put it in such a form that it must
ivcessarily, as wc all undeist;md the opinions of
the Executive, meet with his ^eto? They voted
at the last session for the bill to remove these ob-
structions; I presume they voted in good faith to
remove the obstructions in the Savannah river
produced by this cause; and now when we come
and ask for an explanatory bill giving to the Sec-
retary of War power to apply the money to carry
out the oiiginal design of the act of the last Con-
gress, the Committee on Commerce hamper it with
another provision giving enlarged poweis to the
Secretary ofWar, and putting it on general prin-
ciples; thus placing it in a position which they
know must defeat the object of the bill and the
original intention of Congress in appropriating
this money. 1 ask if it is fair for the Committee
