668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
4
oh Commerce thus to hamper a proposition of
this sort, when they know the effect will he to
defeat the original intention, and obviate all the
good which this money could possibly do?
Sir, we ask simply that the act of the last Con-
gress maybe so amended by an explanatory bill,
that the intention of Congress manifested by the
passage of the act may be carried out in good
faith—nothing more. We do not ask for a gen-
eral appropriation to clean out the Savannah river;
we do not put it upon the principle that this Gov-
ernment has power to do this. For myself, I
object to that construction of the power of the
Federal Government. We simply desire that,
inasmuch as this money has already been appro-
priated by an act of Congress and remains in the
Treasury, it may be expended to accomplish the
object which Congress had in view in passing that
law; and therefore 1 ask that this amendment
may be adopted to confine the appropriations to
the removal of the obstructions caused by the
sinking of those hulks or ships in the channel of
the Savannah river. The purpose for which I do
it—and I advise the Senate of it—is to avoid the
Executive veto, because 1 know, ass every gentle-
man must know who understands the policy of
the Government and the opinions of the present
Executive, that if the bill be passed in the form
in which it has been presented by the Committee
on Commerce, it cannot receive the sanction of
the Executive, and must fall. If, however, the
amendment which I have proposed be adopted,
and the money is confined in its application to
the removal of the obstructions which have been
caused by the sinking of the hulks, the President
may with propriety sanction the bill, as he did at
the last session of Congress. I trust the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. FOOT, i desire to be informed what pro-
portion of the appropriation of $161,000 has been
expended in the removal of the hulks?
Mr. IVERSON. I am not able to answer the
question.
Mr. FOOT. Has any part of it been expended
for that object?
Mr. IVERSON. A large portion of it ha a
already been expended in removing the hulks
themselves. The Secretary of War, on consult-
ation with the President, as 1 have been informed
by him, and as appears from the published lvport
of the correspondence between the Secretary of
War and Captain Gilmer, the engineer m charge,
lias confined the application of the money simply
to the removal of the vessels themselves. He has
authorized the sand which had accumulated on
the surface of these hulks to be taken away so as
to get at the hulks themselves; but he lias in-
structed Captain Gilmer to remove no more than
the hulks themselves. Captain Gilmer, after ex-
amination, states the fact to bo that large quanti-
ties of mud, sand, gravel, and other impediments
have washed against those hulks and stopped up
the channel of the rivet, lie desired to know
from the Department whether the balance of the
money was to be applied to theiemovai of those
obstructions, and the Secretaiy of War paid, ''No;
you cannot apply one dollar to them, because the
act says jii terms that the money is appropriated
to remove obstructions sunk in the Savannah
river during the revolutionary war; and therefore
nothing can be removed except the obstructions
which were actually sunk, and nothing was sunk
but the ships. The consequences cannot be re-
moved altogether—you may remove the causes."
This, in my opinion, was a very stringent and
perhaps improper construction of the power of
the Government under the law; but still such is
the case, and without an amendatory act the
moneycannot be used.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have had my
attention drawn to this subject more than once.
I recollect that on one occasion Mr. Berrien, of
Georgia, on this floor certainly gave me to under-
stand, and I think gave the Senate to understand,
a very different statement of things from that
which has been to-day presented to the Senate.
He stated what I always understood to be the
historical fact in relation to the obstructions in
the Savannah river. My State, I confess, is
deeply interested in their removal, but that fact
would not change my opinion with regard to the
constitutional power of Congress to appropriate
money to clean out rivers.
I recollect distinctly the ground on which this
appropriation has been heretofore placed, or at
least the ground on which I was reconciled perhaps
to make some appropriation. Jn 1778, Robert
Howe, the American General, a North Carolinian
or a Virginian, was in possession of Savannah.
Campbell was the commander of the British forces
who attacked Howe and drove him from Savannah
under a capitulation, I think on Christmas day,
in 1778. I have always understood that the
British garrison kept possession of Savannah
from that period until the time when it was
threatened ty D'Estaing, and then ships were
sunk at the mouth of the Savannah river by the
British garrison to prevent the French fleet from
coming up. It was a war measure adopted by
the British and American Governments when
they were alternately in possession of Savannah;
and I think when the true facts are ascertained,
it will be found that both the officer representing
the American Government and the officer repre-
senting the British Government sunk ships at the
mouth of that river for the same purpose—to
protect the city of Savannah.
We are told now, however, for the first time,
I think, that these obstructions were placed there
at a much earlier period, while we were colonies
of Great Britain, by the British Government to
prevent the French from coming up. This is the
ilrst time that I have ever heard such a statement.
I cannot gainsay it, for I have no authentic evi-
dence on the subject before me.
However that point may be, I can see a great
difference between an appropriation for removing
these hulks and the incidental obstructions occa-
sioned by them, and one for regulating commerce
by cutting ditches and canals or opening rivers.
I recollect that on former occasions the bill mak-
ing appropriations to remove these hulks under-
went discussion, and the ground was distinctly
taken that when the Government of the United
Mates used the property of a State or of an in-
dividual for general purposes, for the common
defense, it was bound, under- the obligations of
honor and good faith, to make compensation for
the use of the property. At the period of the
Revolution, the Savannah river was, as it is now,
a great highway of commerce. If our own Gov-
ernment, as oii(3 of the means of defending the
city of Savannah, sunk ships there, and thus ap- j
propriated that highway for its own purposes, as '
! one of the means of carrying on war with Great j
| Britain, I could vote for an appropriation to re-
: move them, on the ground that when property ;
] has been taken for tlie public use we have made j
| appropriations for it. When, as in the Revolu- '
: tion, private property was used for public pur- I
j poses—as the occupation of a house as a place
l of defense—compensation has been allowed. The
I principle has been recognized in a general act;
j and so, also, when American property was de~
I stroyed or injured while in the occupation of the
i enemy, and destroyed by Washington's cannon,
i as in the same case in Germantown, compensation
| has been made on the broad giound that when
' flagrante hello > during a state of actual war,prop-
! erty has been used for public purposes, and was
| destroyed in consequence of such use, the Gov-
ernment was bound to allow compensation. In
regard to the ships sunk in the Savannah river,
I have always understood that they were placed
there both by the British and American Govern-
ments, as a means of defending Savannah when
they were alternately m possession of that city.
I am now, for the first time, given to understand
S that those obstructions were placed there at an
; antecedent date, before the war between Great
' Britain and the United States. It may be so,
but I doubt it.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not understand any-
body to say so.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce [Mr. Hamlin]
to say so.
Mr. IVERSON. I think he stated that the
obstructions were put there during the revolution-
' ary war by the British while they held possession
of Savannah.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought he stated they were
put there by Great Britain, during the war be-
tween her and France, to prevent the French
reaching that city.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I stand corrected.
Mr. IVERSON. It is a matter of history,
and I am inclined to believe that the statement
of my friend from South Carolina is right.
Mr. BUTLER. I state, as a matter of history,
that both the British and American forces placed
the hulks there during the revolutionary war. I
think the British put them there when D'Estaing
was about to make his celebrated attack which
is known in our country as the siege of Savan-
nah. If so, it was a war measure; and I can
reconcile myself to vote for the removal of these
obstructions on a very different ground from that
on which appropriations are made to regulate
commerce by opening ditches, cutting rivcis,and
digging canals around the lakes, or anywhere else.
Sir, the moment you embark in the wide province
of regulating commerce here and there by the
appropriation of money, you commit the greatest
power which has ever been wielded over this
Confederacy to the accidental majority in Con-
gress for the time being; and if you commence,
I can see no limit to your regulation of commerce
except the want of money. The power is sup-
posed to extend as far as an object can be effected
by an appiopriation of money; that is as nearly
as I can understand gentlemen. They are not
very distinct; and when they are required to
draw lines, to lay down distinctions, I observe
j that they shrink from the issue—in military
phrase, they fire from a masked battery. I do
I not know what they mean by the regulation of
I commerce by the appropriation of money. It
| has been suggested to me that they do not put it
; on the ground of the regulation of commerce,
j Surely, sir, they will not put it on the ground
; of the common defense or the general welfare.
; They will not put it on any other ground than
that they want the money; and these appropria-
tions of money have been and must be, according
to the ordinary operation of causes on the minds
of different members, partial. I do not state it
invidiously against the lakes; but I venture to
say that if these bills be summed up, it will be
found that appropriations are provided for points
on the lakes immediately in the neighborhood of
influential Senators to the amount of more than
half a million of dollars; when, according to their
own principles, there cannot be an appropriation
of a single dollar to Virginia or to South Carolina
because in those States the rivers happen to take
their origin in their own mountains, and rundown
to the seashore within the limits of their own
States; and that must be the fate of States thus
situated.
I believe that Boston, New London, New Ha-
ven, Newport, and. the other northern ports are
! just as much interested in the improvement of
! the harbor of Chaileston as are the people of
j Charleston, or of South Carolina and Tennessee,
I whose productions there find an outlet. Those
I northern ports send their ships there. I could
! bring myself to vote for any improvement like
' li^ht-houses, really having regard to the regula-
! tion of commerce so far as it is conducted over
j the great highway of the world; but, sir, when
i you commence to cut a ditch or a canal around
j "the Falls of St. Mary, and cut away flats here
and flats there, and remove obstructions at one
! place and at another, I know of no limit except
| the discretion of Congress to vote money for the
i regulation of commerce. Sir, under this power
I I give it now as my distinct opinion that there
! can be no limit. I know it is an old civil-law
j maxim —Aqua debet currere, ut currere solebat. I
i might be reconciled to it where God has directed
the waters to run; but where man interposes his
power to obstruct and divert them, I might have
a very different opinion; and, so far as regards
the duty of Congress to remove them, I could
see a great difference.
Sir, 1 know that opposition to the system of
which I am speaking is futile. I can, however,
very readily draw a distinction in favor of the
measure befoie us. I can vote for it on the ground
that those hulks were placed in the Savannah
river bona fide as a war measure by our own Gov-
| eminent. I say the ships were placed m the
j channel of Savannah river at one time by our own
forces to keep out the British fleet coming there
under Campbell's command; and at another time
by the British garrison to keep out the fleet of
D'Estaing. These are the historical facts. lean
vote for it on the broad ground that the Govern-
ment has used a public highway for the general
purposes of war.
