26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stvanafoan,Tappan, Thorinjjton,Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, YVakeman, Walbridge, Walciron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoith—98.
NAYS — Messrs, Aiken, Akers, Barksdaie, Bell, Hend-
loy S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, 6oyce, Brand), Biooks,
Brootn? Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheiidge,
Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
I*. Harris, llaven, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewctt,
George W. Jones, J. Glnncy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Motdecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peek, Phelps, Poiter, Powell, Q,uitman, Ricaud,
Rivers, Rufifin, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sliced, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Vaifc, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zolheoffer—97.
So the motion to adhere was agreed to.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. ROBISON stated that he was outside the
bar when his name wag called, or he should have
voted " ay.,J
Mr. RtJST stated that he was unavoidably-
absent when his name was called.
On motion of Mr. MATTESON, (at ten min-
utes before throe o'clock,) the House adjourned
until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, •August 25, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
LAWS OF KANSAS.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill of which I
have not given notice.
Mr. BIGGS. What is its title?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A bill abrogating certain laws enacted by the
Legislative Council of the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. BIGGS, r object.
Mr. WELLER. Then I give notice that I
shall introduce the bill to-mono w. The rules
require one day's notice to be given.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr, SEWAK D. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to withdraw fiom the files the papers presented
Rome time ago by Mr. Forrest, proposing to sell
to the Government Forrest Hall, in Georgetown,
for a custom-house and post ojlice. It is import-
ant to him that he have them. They are private
papers.
Leave was granted to withdraw the papers.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
0> tiered, That John H.Eaton have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
GIBBONS AND KELLY•
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Tieasury, requesting the return to the Treas-
ury Deportment of the original papers in relation
to the claim of Gibbons and Kelly, contractors
for buildmghght-houses in California, forwarded
to the Senate on the 14th ofFcbruary, 1855, under
a resolution of January 30, J855.
6n mot#h of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the papers be returned to the Treasury
Department.
SPECIAL JOINT COMMITTEE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first bus-
iness before the Senate is the resolution of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] offered
on Saturday, for the appointment of a committee
of seven members to confer with a committee of
eleven members of the House of Representatives,
to take into consideration the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses respecting the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year endmg the 30th of June, 1857, with a view of
settling- the differences between the two Houses.
Is the Senate ready for the question on the reso-
lution?
Mr. MASON. I am not ready for the ques-
tion on that resolution. I observe that at this
early hour the Senate is quite thin. Before the
resolution is disposed of, if nobody else makes
the motion, I shall move to lay it on the table.
I can consent to no act on my part, as a member
of this body, ^ihich can be construed into any
concession that there ought to be negotiation or
conference with the House of Representatives
upon the question which divides us, other than
that which is strictly within the parliamentary
rule. The proposition of the honorable Senator
from Delaware is to raise an extraordinary com-
mittee, a committee of unusual numbers, and at
an unusual time. No conference with this body
has been asked by the House of Representatives
upon the bill now depending, and no conference
has been asked by the Senate, of the House of
Representatives upon it. The last bill that was
before us, as I understand, according to parlia-
mentary forms, has been disposed of by the de-
termination of each House to adhere. I see
through the newspapers, that there is another bill
of the same character pending before that House,
I but we have received no communication from
them on the subject.
Sir, there are occasions when forms become
substance, and I think this is one of them. The
point of division between the two Houses is one
that is interesting not only to the measures of the
Government, but to the Constitution under which
the Government is, formed; and I confess I am not
one of those who think it is more important at
any time to see how this Government is to be
preserved rather than how it is to be adminis-
tered. I shall move, as I have said, at the proper
time, if nobody else does, to lay the resolution on
the table, in order that the House of Represent-
atives may understand from the Senate, that while
the present question is pending before us in the
present form, none other than strictly parliament-
ary intercourse will be held with them, and no
topic be permitted to intervene, except strictly
the appropriations for the Army. I will not make
the motion at this time if any gentleman desires
to discuss the question.
Mr. CLAY10N. Mr. President, I am not a
stickler for forms when there is a question of
such deep interest to the country before the
body. Qui kccret in litcra h&ret in corticc. I do
not find any parliamentary difficulty whatever in
adopting the course which 1 have recommended;
but, on the contrary, after having searched the
Manual and the precedents as far as I can, this is
the only course that I car. find which is left to the
Senate consistently with its own dignity and sense
of propriety. The honorable gentleman says,
and truly, that the bill which was immediately
before us has been destroyed by the adhering
vote; but we know well that we sent a bill bark
to the Ilouse of Representatives that is not dis-
posed of, which is in the very same terms as this.
That bill is still pending, ami is by a resolution
kept Still belorc Congi es>s. There is groundwork
( nough, if we desire to .settle this question at all,
for us to proceed upon. I humbly submit, sir,
that in a great exigency like this we should not
stickle upon forms; it is too deeply interesting to
the country. Let us do our duty, and let the
House of Representatives take its own course
and its own responsibility. We, after having
done what we think right in regard to the meas-
ures that have come here, should fieely propose
to them, and the country I think will expect that
we should propose to them, a committee of con-
ference on the whole question, and see if we can
agree; and if it be not possible to agree, then we
can go to the country upon the issues that seem
to be courted by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Seward.j
Sir, 1 am too unwell and have suffered too
much to undertake to address the Senate at any
length on this subject. I feel deeply upon it. I
have the greatest anxiety that this committee of
conference should be appointed. 1 have the most
entiie confidence, that if such a committee be ap-
pointed, a measure can be proposed that will be per-
fectly consistent with the honor of both Houses,
and will settle this question, preserve the Army,
and save us from anarchy and civil war. I will
detain the Senate no longer, but ask for a vote,
and hope the yeas and nays will be taken on the
question.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the resolution had
better be laid over until we have a full Senate.
Let it be taken up at one o'clock. There is
manifestly not a quorum here now.
Mr. CLAYTON. T will not object to that.
Mr. WELLER. What are we to do between
now and one o'clock?
Mr. MASON. If the Senator from Delaware
will permit the resolution to be disposed of for
the present, I will move that the Senate take a
recess until half past one o'clock.
Mr. CLAYTON. Why? Is there no quorum
here?
Mr. WELLER. We have nothing to do even
if we haff a quorum.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution until half past one
o'clock, with a view to a recess.
Mr. SEWARD. I have some reason to be-
lieve that a message may be expected from the
House of Representatives announcing to the
Senate the death of one of the members of that
House. Under these circumstances I submit
whether it is not better to remain as we are.
Mr. MASON, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CLAYTON. A vote may be taken on
my resolution. If no Senator desires the yeas
and nays on it, I do not.
Mr. CLAY. I hope that course will not be
adopted. I want to wait until we have a quorum.
We have not a quorum here now.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not know how that
fact is.
Mr. CLAY. I propose that we take an in-
formal recess, as it is suggested by the Senator
from New York, that we may have a communi-
cation from the House shortly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, an informal recess will be taken,
until a message shall be received from the House,
SUSPENSION OP JOINT RULE.
A message was received from the House of
, Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
I announcing that the House concurred in the joint
! resolution of the Senate for the suspension of so
i much of the 21st joint rule as prohibits business
: from being resumed at a new session of Congress
i within six days, to permit the House to take up
; the bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropriations
i for the support of the Army for the year ending
1 the 30th of June, 1857.
DEATH OF HON. JAMES MEACHAM.
The following message was afterwards received
from the House of Representatives, by Mr. Cul-
lom, their Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed by the House of Rep-
resentatives to announce the death of the Hon. Jamfs
MraouMj late a Representative fiom the State of Ver-
mont, ami to communicate to the Senate the proceedings
ot the House ot Representatives thereon.
The resolutions of the House were read.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the message we
have just received from the House of Reprcsent-
ativesbrmgs to us the melancholy announcement,
that death has again entered that Hall, and tnken
! from our midst another of our associates in the
! legislative councils of the nation. During the
j session preceding the last Congress, the sad duty
; devolved upon me of announcing to the Senate
j the deatli of my immediate associate and col-
j league upon this floor. This morning it becomes
i a*rain my painful duty formally to announce to
! this body the intelligence, which had already
; reached us through the swift-winged telegraph,
j of the sudden and lamented death of a colleague,
! and my own immediate Representative upon the
! floor of the other House.
j The Hon. James Meacham, a member of the
1 House of Representatives from the State of Ver-
• mont, died on the morning of Saturday last, the
'• 23d instant, at his residence in Middlebury, in
i that State, at the age of forty-six years. Two
| weeks ago he left this city on account of the im-
| paired state of his health, with the hope and for
I the purpose of seeking quiet and rest and resto-
ration in the retirement and seclusion, and amidst
the more congenial influences of his own home.
How true it is that " we know not what a day
may bring forth I" How true it is that "the
ways of Providence areinscrutable"by the mind
of frail and finite man! He went home but to
return to his post of honor and of public duty no
more. He went home but to die. He went home,
