668
AEPJEJNDiX TO THE COiMGRESSKMAI. GJLOBE.
[June 24,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, Sf c.—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
objects as if they had been traced out for him by
some inexorable lav of nature.
We know from experience that in the southern
States it is this which has mitigated the institu- j
tion and ameliorated his condition; because it is
Under these circumstances, after they invited us
into that family alliance, I ask if it is fair, if it is
rightful, if it is honorable in their descendants to
use the common Hall provided for our common
deliberations for the purpose of abusing and vitu-
under this, that, when population begins to press ,: peratingus on-account of that very state of things
on the means of subsistence, he is removed from
a place where his labor pays but little to one in
which it pays more, not only to the master but
himse.lf. Although it may Beem to be hard that
he should be thus forced to emigrate at the will
of another instead of his own, yet, when we come
to scrutinize closely the process, we find that the
of which they had knowledge and cognizance
when they entered into this union with us ? I ask
if they are not estopped by their own deed ?
Now, Mr. President, we hear a new doctrine.
We are told that the men of the-present day are
not to be held ' responsible for the men of that
generation, which is branded by one of their
line of emigration which he pursues according descendants with turpitude. It is the Senator
to the laws of trade, is precisely that line which " from Massachusetts wno says, " Is the acknowl-
he would take if he were to follow only his 1 edged turpitude of a departed generation to be-
own interests. Should we not find, if we were ij come an example for us?"- Thus they are not
to examine it, in the history of the emigration of | content with hurling accusations against us, but
' whites, as many individual instances of misery I; they brand with turpitude the memory of their
andsuffering,asmanycasesofseparation between , ancestors who entered into those bonds bywhich
members ot the same family, as we do amongst they became members of the great family of
the slaves who are thus sold from one State to States, to which Virginia, too, belongs. Sir, if I
another? I believe that, if we could trace the am to choose between the generation which gave
matter, we should find that the emigration from | birth to the heroes and sages of whom I have
the Sutherland property, in Scotland, (Mr. Ma- spoken, and the men who now cast shame on
•caulay's own country,) was as involuntary in ,j their graves, I say, let me rather commune with
its movement and as sad in its consiequences to : the memories of those than walk in the living
those who made it, as any that ever took place
from Virginia or North Carolina to the cotton
States south of them. In the crowded population
of the Old World, I believe we could fin« instances
of emigration forced by circumstances which
would harrow the heart fully as deeply as any
that could be referred to in our States.
Why, Mr. President, under the operation of
this trade, the effect has been that tne moment
the negro's labor becomes cheap in one region,
and he gets a smaller share of the profits of his
labor, he is transferred to another where the
profits of his labor are greater, and where, of
course, he gets a larger share, and where, in the
end, he receives more consideration. Stop that
trade to-morrow, and I believe you would inflict
the neatest curse on the slave in the South that
could be inflicted upon him. Pen him up in the
old States, and the consequence must be, either
that he must perish under the sufferings of a
collision with the stronger race, when population
presses too hard upon the means of subsistence,
or else the whites will abandon the country, and
leave it to the negro and his original barbarism.
Under these circumstances, if this process be
one of relief and amelioration to the slave, I ask
how is it that it should be the subject of so much
reproach to those who permit it, and who find it | generation of men who gave to Massachusetts
necessary for the improvement of this very race
that they should do so ? If in truth it did deserve
the reproaches which have been cast upon it—
if in truth Virginia did accusations deserve the
whicli have been thus made, I ask if it lies in the
mouth of Old England, and New England, to utter
them? I ask if it was out of their quivers that she
had a right to expect such an arrow.to be directed
at her? Have I not shown that they were as
responsible as We for the circumstances which
make this institution necessary; that if we 'were
the buyers they were the sellers; and that if we
sell the product of slave labor they buy it, and
contribute their full share to the maintenance of
the institution? If they would destroy all trade
from which, there jhay be possible evil , why do
they continue this, upon which the institution of
their attacks depends for its existence?
• Sir, in regard to Massachusetts, she was not
only glad to receive our assistance in the Revolu-
tion, when we both held and sold slaves, but she
was willing to admit us into the same family with
herself. The men of that day—the men of the
revolutionary generation who Covered the name
of Massachusetts with gldry, the generation which
produced the heroes of Concord, and Lexington,
and Bunker Hill, and gave birth to the sages that
illustrated the revolutionary councils, was not
only willing but glad to receive Virginia into a
family alliance. They were willing to enter into
an association by which thev bound themselyes
to put down insurrection in the States by which
they bound themselves to give a certain represent-
ation for the slaves—by which theft bound them-
selves to restore the fugitive slave. Aadheie it
is to be remembered, that the covenants which
tiiey entered in to the men of that day always kept.
presence of these. If I am to choose between
those heroes and sages, as I said before, who en-
tered into a covenant to restore the fugitive slave,
and who kept it, and these latter-day saints,
who, whilst they claim all the benefits of the bond
for themselves, refuse to execute their part of the
compact, because they have discovered some law
of higher obligation, which dispenses with the
obligation of their oaths to support the Consti-
tution, and discharge its duties, I say, let me
associate with the men wlfo made that covenant,
and kept it, in preference to those who are break-
ing it. If I am to choose between the generation
or men who, under the guarantee of treaties,
under the sanction of laws, transferred the Afri-
can from a worse to a'bettercondition, and those
who, in violation of law and of the Constitution,
steal away the southern slave, and transfer him
from a better to a worse condition, let me live
with the first vather than with the last. If we
have enjoyed the respect and affection of that
generation which covered the name of Massachu-
setts with glory, we may live under the taunts of
those who strike at the very memories of their
fathers, because it is only through them that they
may aim a blow at us.
Turpitude, sir! to talk of the turpitude of the
the fair inheritance of glory which some of their
descendants are now wasting so rapidly! When
I hear such charges, I pause before the majesty
of the silent shadows of those mighty dead, and
wonder that a voice is not given to them to speak
to those of their descendants who are thus vio-
lating their engagements, trampling on their an-
cient friendships, and casting shame on their
names and'graves. But,-sir, why do I wonder ?
If such a voice could be evoked from the tombs,
and were it to charm-ever so Wisely, it would fell
unheeded on the ear of the fanatical Abolitionist.
He will not hear Moses and the Prophets; nor
would he hear their voices, even if they could be
permitted to speak to him.
But these are not the only-charges. We are'
told of the dungeon to which the pious matron is
consigned in Virginia who te&ches the slave to
read. Sir, I have seen in the State of Virginia
thousands of slaves who could read- &nd<write;
and if there ever was any matron, pious or other-
wise, "who was imprisoned ■ for teaching them, I
have yet to hear the history of the case. I have
never known such a case; I do not believe that
one exists. I think I have been told, that in one
of the States of this Union there is a laiw making
it penal to keep Christmas; but does any man
suppose such a law has: ever been enforced within
the last quarter of a century ? Suppose ffc were
so; suppose some such enactments as these charged
upon Virginia were to be found upon our statute-
book, who are responsible for them ? Are not
those responsible who say to us, " Educate your
slave at your peril f give him light and intelligence
if you dare; and, if you do, we will make these
gifts the means of applying the knife to your
throats, and the torch to your dwellings ?" Are
not these the persons who would be responsible,
and not we, if such things were to be found on
the statute-book? I will say, however, not to
them, not to those who have nothing to do with
it, but to my countrymen in the South, that I
believe it is our duty to remove whatever may
cumber unprofitably the statute-book, whatever
is improper or unjust. I believe that the progress
of light and intelligence in both races is not in-
compatible with the institution of southern slavery.
I believe that we are responsible for the happiness
of all who are committed to our charge, whether
they be white or black; and I say, let us do right
in despite of the Abolitionist, however he may
throw himself in the path of the improvement of
the slave. We are strong enough within the
Union, or without the Union, to defend ourselves,
and with the blessing of Providence letus do right,
and leave the consequences to God. To him who
intrudes his opinion upon us—to him who has no
right to make an inquiry as to our domestic affairs,
I have only to say, " There is the southern slave;
he speaks for the institution of slavery in our
section; produce to us the same number of Afri-
can negroes in bondage or otherwise, and in any
other country, who have made the same progress
in improvement, and then we may acknowledge
your right to reproach us; but, until you do that,
we are entitled rather to the voice of approbation
and the hand of sympathy.
Mr. President, in taking the floor upon this
occasion, it was my object in part to defend the
State of Virginia against the aspersions which
have been so unjustly cast upon her. 1 do not
mean to say, for perhaps it does not become me
to do so, anything by way of eulogy upon her.
If I were to attempt such a thing, it might be
thought that my partiality' disturbed my judg-
ment. She has taken her place in the great Pan-
theon of history. Posterity will pronounce its
judgment on her present, as public opinion has
given it upon her past. 1 speak the judgment
thus pronounced when I say that the Virginian
was the first great pioneer of the Anglo-American
race upon this continent; that, upon the waters
of the James he laid the first stone in the found -
ation of its empire; that he was the first to plant
the banner of its civilization in the great valley
of the West; and-as the tide of population poured
onward from the rising to the "setting sun, the
smoke of his camp-fire was ever seen far away in
the distant wilderness as a pillar of cloud to guide
the march of the coming column, and as an em-
blem of the presence of man to dispute the mas-
! tery and the empire, where nature had hitherto
held its wild estate, and where silence and solitude
had reigned supreme. Still onward as he passed,
he left behind him institutions of government and
the foundations of human society. He may have
had his faults, and doubtless he did have them J
and has them now; but amongst those faults
covenant-breaking is not to be reckoned. He
loves the Constitution and the Union of his coun-
try. He reveres the names of those who made
that Constitution and Union, whether they came
from Massachusetts or from Virginia; and so far
from casting shame on their names or their graves,
i he would take off his shoes and walk silently and
softly into the sanctuary which- was hallowed by
the ashes of those mighty dead.
But, Mr. President, as I said before, it is not
i my purpose to eulogize mv native State. Neither
the Senator from Massachusetts nor I, by taking
thought, can diminish or increase, by a single
cubit, the proportions of her stature. There she
stands; and it is for History, not for me, to speak
i of her.
I come now, Mr. President"^ to another branch'
of this case, and another part of these resolutions.
I pass away from that in which Massachusetts
expresses her approbation of this unparalleled
attack on States and their representatives, and
eomenow to the other resolutions, in .which she
undertakes to sit in judgment on a case here pend-
ing, and not merely to request her Representatives,
and to instruct her Senators, as other States do,
but to "demand" of us that we should carry out
her fat and execute her judgment. I am willing
to admit that Massachusetts is fully the equal,
and has all the rights, of any other State in this
Confederacy; but! cannot concede to her that she
has more than all the rest besides. I cannot agree
