f85&)
APpfcftbix Tb Tilt cftMitEgsidftAL
6S3
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, fyc.—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
that she can come here and demand that her
opinions shall be our law, and that her judgment
is to be executed by us.
What gives her the right to claim this preem-
inence? Has she shown any superior fidelity to
the laws and to the Constitution of the country ?
Has she shown that, in this regard, she is more
entitled to have her opinions respected and en-
forced than the other States of the Union? She
can make no such claim, whilst the personal lib-
erty bill stands upon her statute-book. While
she claims all the benefit conferred on her by this
Union and ita Constitution, she is bound by an
honorable obligation to carry out the duties which
it imposes on her in return. Every man who
lives under this Constitution and enjoys its ben-
efit, is bound, so far as he is able, to carry out its
obligations, and to discharge the duties which it
imposes on him.
I know it has been said by some of them that
they did not believe Congress had the right to
pass any law'in regard to fugitive slaves. Those
persons, or some of them, believe then that it is
the duty of the State; and it was their duty to en-
deavor to adopt some State law for the purpose
of discharging the obligation which is imposed
by the common compact. Can such persons ac-
quit their consciences of blame unless they make
some effort to perform this duty to which they
are bound ? And yet no such attempt has been
made. But there are others again who say that
they believe there is yet a higher law, whose obli-
gations restrain them from carrying out this part
of the Constitution. I say to them that, whilst I
admit, when the laws of God and man eomeinto
conflict, you must obey those of God rather than
of man, at the same time it follows as a conse-
quence that this law of God would forbid you to
take an oath to support the Constitution which
contained a provision contrary to its obligation.
If your obligations to God forbid you to discharge
the duties required by the soeiety whose govern-
ment protects you, nothing is left for you but to
abandon that society if it will not change the
government. You' can have no right to enjoy
the benefits and protection of that Government,
and then refuse to perform the conditions upon
which those advantages are extended to you.
Now, sir, if it be an individual who is in this
unhappy case, there is nothing left for him but to
expatriate himself at once, or else make up his
mind to meet the penalties of the violated law.
So, too, if a State finds itself unable, from con-
scientious scruples, to discharge its written obli-
gations, and perform the conditions upon which
the Union was formed, there is nothing left to it
but to leave that Union. It cannot be right to
treat the covenant as binding in all that is bene-
ficial to yourself, and void and invalid so far as
you have promised to discharge certain duties
towards others. Is she not bound either to say
"We will carry out the whole instrument; we
will perform our part of the consideration?" or
else, " Our conscience forbids us to remain in
the same family of States with you,, so long as
this provision is in your Constitution, to which
we object, and against which we ha,ye scruples ?"
I say Massachusetts cannot justify herself in
resisting the obligation of this law, and claiming,
at' the same time, all the. benefits, both general
and special, which the Constitution confers upon
her. There is, probably, no State in this UBion,
which has derived as much benefit from it as the
State of Massachusetts, The navigating and
manufacturing interests which have given her
the immense wealth of which she boasts, have
been the special creatures of legislation and of
protection. Whilst she enjoys all these, is she
not bound to make some effort, in some way, to,
cany out the reciprocal duty which, the Consti-
tution imposes upon her?
Then, Mr. President, if the claim which she
has to be heard, more than all the residue of the-
States together, does not rest upon her superior
fidelity to the obligations of the Constitution and
the law, upon what does it rest? Does it repose
upon the peculiar calmness of the judicial temper-,
ament which she brings to the task of deciding,
ujxm this delicate case? She begins her resolutions
with a railing accusation against the offender;,
she characterizes him with all sorts of epithets;,
and then ends by pronouncing judgment before'
he has been heard, or before a trial has been had
by the competent and proper authorities. This
judgment sne pronounces upon the ground that
in this case there has been a breach of the privi-
leges of the Senate.
. I am willing to admit that fbr that opinion Mas-
sachusetts has probably the sanction, as the case
first appeared in the papers, of some of the old
precedents of the two Houses of Congress, and
that also she has the authority of a written report
on this very case which passed the Senate a short
time since. I have a right to speak of that report,
because I, fbr one, acquiesced in it. At the time,
I believed that it was right and proper; and it
was only on subsequent investigation that I came
to the conclusion that we Were claiming, in fact, a
privilege which did not exist. Sir, I do not believe
that, so for as we were conc^nec(, it was a breach
of privilege. I believe there was neither prece-
dent nor authority for us to send a message to
the House of Representatives on the subtect, and
take the position of prosecutor before it. I believe
it was a case for tne courts, and for the courts
alone; and upon that point I beg the Senate for a
few moments to give me their attention.
Suppose this had been the case, not of a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, but of some
citizen of the District, who had made the assault
upon a Senator. I sav, if it were, I think I can
snOW that you could ao nothing with him, and
would have no power to punish him, but that the
sole 'power which exists is in the courts, and that
j there a Senator has the protection which every
I other citizen possesses—a protection ample and
| full—an independent tribunal to judge the case,
i fully armed with jurisdiction and powers for the
I case and for the occasion; but, beyond that, I do
i not believe the Senate could have punished an
individual for an occurrence which took place
when it was not in session, and not within its
view.
If I were called upon, disembarrassed of the
precedents -which have been quoted, to give, a
priori, a theory of privilege as it might be derived
from the Constitution, I should say that the Con-
stitution itself had defined the special privileges
which it designed to give to members of Con-
gress. In the first place, it provided that a mem-
ber should not be held answerable elsewhere for
words spoken in debate—that is, that he should
not be held answerable under any legal prosecu-
tion for words spoken in debate, because, if it
meant that he was not to be questioned at all, he
would be exempted from criticism by the press,
or by public speakers before popular assemblies,
for the very reasons which are assigned to protect
him against other assaults upon account of his
speech; for such criticism would be more likely
to deter some from the open expression of their
opinions than any fears of personal violence.
Unless, then, you restrict this grant of privilege as
I have done, it must be carried to a length utterly
inconsistent with the spirit of the Constitution.
The other special privilege which it provided
for him was, that he" should be exempted from
arrest, except in case Of treason, felony., or breach
of the peace. Here, again, is a privilege which
is to be executed, not through either House of
Congress, but through the courts of law; because
it is to be remembered that the history of the
formation of this Constitution shows that the
Convention refused to permit.each House tq be
the judge of its own privileges. A proposition
was made (3 Madison Papers, 1365) that " each
House.shall be the judge of its own privileges,
and, shall have authority to punish by imprison-
ment every person violating, the same, or who in
the place where the Legislature may be sitting,
and duijng the time of its session, shall threaten
any of its members for anything said or done in.
the House; or who shall assault any of them
therefor; or who shpjl assault or arrest any,wit-
ness, or other persap,,ordered to attend either of
the Houses,.in his waygoing or returning; or
who shall rescue any, person arrested- by theix.
order." To this Mr. Madison objected, (Ibid,
1493,), who " distinguished .between the poWer
of judging of privileges previously and duly.es-
tablished, and the effect of the motion which
would give to each House a,discretion as to the-
extent of its own privileges. He suggested that
it would be better to make provision for ascer-
taining by law the privilegesof each House, than
to allow each House to decide for itself." The
sense of the convention was against this pro-
vision, and these privileges, in my opinion, were
for the most part defined. The Constitution has
said what should be the privileges of Senators
and Representatives, and they are privileges which
Can be plead and used in courts of law alone.
Suppose an officer were to arrest a man who
was privileged by the Constitution from arrest.
The remedy against him would be, that the man
thus arrested could plead that privilege in order
to be released, and ne could sue the officer for
false imprisonment; but could this House take
up the officer and punish him ? Surely not. The
Constitution itself provides that no man shall be
punished either in life, liberty, or property, ex-
cept by due process of law. The theory of our
Constitution is one of law and of equal rights;
and when any one is endowed with a special
i privilege, it is designated and "specially given.,
! If anything could be implied beyond this, it
would be in regard to the privileges of the two
Houses themselves in their corporate capacity.
' In Dunn's case (6 Wheeler)#it has been decided
that each House may claim such privileges, upon
the implication that it is necessary to protect
their own existence, and to preserve the func-
tions which were given them. This admission,
it is said, puts an end to the argument, that" the
privileges of Congress are: defined by the Con-
stitution. Not at all. There is a law of nature
which precedes that of man, and that is the right
of self-preservation, which pertains to all bodies,,
artificial as well as natural.
Now, if this implied power exists until, pro-
tection is afforded by law, what is its extent?.
The Supreme Court has said,, in regard to the
extent of the power to punish in such cases,
that " it was the least possible power adequate,
to the proposed end." The same maybe said
of the privilege thus to be claimed, which, as it
seems to me, would limit either House to what
might be necessary tc> prevent intrusion or con-(
tempts within its presence and within its own,
view. Beyond that, nothing can be claimed for.
it by way of implication; and I doubt if these,
cases are not such as might be better provided for
by law than by the exercise of an arbitrary dis-
cretion on the part of the two Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. President, so far I have been speaking,
only ofithe privileges of members of cither House,
or of the Houses themselves, in regard to others,
than their own members. In relation tp their own,
members, each House has discretionary powers,
which were given it to enable it to control its own
proceedings, and to enforce its orders within the,
body itself. Of these I shall speak hereafter: they
are not involved in the question of the extent; of
the power of either House to punish others than,
its own tntmbers for breach ofprivilege. , ,
How,then, sir, have these claims been extend-
ed beyond what the Constitution has allowed?,
How have these precedents originated, which,
have been relied upon and referred to? They,
have originated in analogic^ attempted to be sua-?,
tained between the English Parliament and our
Congress. The sources from which tjiese two
bodies derive their powers are as different as pos-,
sible. There,precedent makes the law; here, it.
is made by positive grant. There, their privileges^
were the slow accretion of ages, gathered and,
wrested, one by one, from the Crown, There^,
each House is ,the judge of its own privileges;,
here, the Federal convention expressly refused,
to make each House the judge of its privileges^
and if questions arise, they have to be decided io,
the courts of law. To show, that we cannot claim,
power here upon analogies drawn from the Mac-n
tice of the British Parliament, I need only refer tq"
many, of the cases.in which privileges have been,
claimed and. acted upon by the House of Com-
mons. It can hardly be necessary to refer ,ta,
Hatzel for them, as the recollections of the Sen-,
ators themselves will doubtless supply the in;,
stances. But if any one desires to see a resume.
of some of die most absurd, he may .refer to thft,
argument for the plaintiff in Stockdale's caseXj
(2 Perry and .Davidson,) where,he-wOBlS.see,
powers exercised in the.name ofprivilege which, •
if attempted to be exercised here,, would bring
