1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
as traitors, who are defending themselves as pa-
triots, citizens, and as freemen.
This question is not factitiously raised, nor
factiously debated amongst them; nor is it a
question so easy and certain of solution as hon-
orable Senator's seem to think. It divides this
nation just as it divides Congress. On the north
side of the Capitol of the United States (the Senate
Chamber) the laws of Kansas arc held to be valid,
obligatory, supreme, the law of the land. On the
south side of the Capitol of the United States (the
House of Representatives) those laws are held to
constitute a tyranny, afraud, a despotism, founded
in usurpation. It is just so throughout the Union,
reversing the points of the compass. South of the
Potomac the laws of Kansas are just, humane,
merciful, constitutional, and it is treason to dis-
obey them. North of the Potomac—if you do
not know it now you will know it soon—those
laws are held and will be held to be unjust, tyran-
nical, unworthy of obedience, and the people who
submit to them unworthy to be the brethren of
the free people of the States of the American
Union.
To arrest this conflict of arms, to settle this
question under the forms of the Constitution, has
been my earnest object, and it will continue to be.
To soothe and quiet the public mind, to arrest the
increasing danger of civil war, is the simple ob-
ject of this resolution. Therefore, with the
reservation which I have before made, I give my
vote for taking it up, and shall give my vote for
its adoption.
Mr. RE1D. Mr. President, it seems to mc
that this proposition is, to say the least of it,
rather an extraordinary one. I think the Execu-
tive of this nation will see that the laws arc faith-
fully executed. I see no necessity either for cur-
tailing the constitutional power of the Executive,
or trammeling him in the discharge of his duties
when he has performed them with fidelity to the
Constitution. If the resolution now under con-
sideration is, as the Senator from Kentucky says,
one to carry out the war power, the Senate alone
has nothing to do with it, for the Senate cannot
make war. That requires both branches of the
legislative department, and the concurrence of the
Executive.
Suppose, then, that you are to send General
Scott to Kansas in the character of a diplomatic
agent: what is to be the result? Is there anything
to be attained by it? The Senator from Kentucky
and the Senator from New York have assumed
that General Scott's going there will settle these
difficulties. That is the very point to which I
wish to direct attention. How are the difficulties
to be settled? How is he to do it? If the attain-
ment of tho end which these gentlemen seem to
have in view could be accomplished by the prop-
osition, we all, perhaps,might desiif to see it
done; but both those gentlemen, with all th^ir
ability, have utterly failed to show us how the
spnding of General Scott to Kansas is to settle
the difficulties which are existing in that Terri-
tory. It is idle to talk about such a thing.
These difficulties exist not only in Kansas, but
beyond it; Massachusetts is the headquarters.
If Kansas were let alone, and the operation of
the laws and government there was allowed to
go on without interference, the question could be
easily settled. You perccive, sir, the action in
the States and in other quarters. Has it been
shown that the Government of the United States
has been insufficient to execute the laws in Kan-
sas when it became necessary to afford the aid
of the General Government to the authorities
there? I apprehend not. Then, so far as mili-
tary authority is concerned, the presence of Gen-
eral Scott seems not needed there. Whe'never
there is resistance to the laws of the country
there—the laws of Kansas and the jaws of the
United States—I apprehend the Executive will
not be found unwilling to send the Army of the
United States, as far as his constitutional power
will enable him to do, to execute the laws.
What do you wish to do? Do you wish to
send General Scott there as a kind of a diplomatic
agent to settle the question; and what question
is that? It is a question m relation to the change
of an existing government. A government is m
existence tlieruj and the Senator from New York,
and those who agree with lum on this suhject,
assume that it is an arbitrary government which
has been forced upon the people, and is illegal
and unconstitutional. This idea is repeated and
sent forth to the country day after day. It is the
beginning and the end of the speeches which are
made by members on one side. I differ with my
friend from Mississippi when he says that the
discussion of these questions here does no good.
1 verily believe that all these difficulties have
arisen fiom the manner in which the constitu-
tional party of this country have treated these
questions in the Congress of the United States.
Year after year, the Abolitionists of the North
have been making speeches, and publishing them
in the Congressional Globe, thus giving them a
sort of authoritative indorsement, and sending
them over the country, misrepresenting the
South and her institutions. Southern men have
treated these efforts of theirs with contempt.
They have allowed them to go on until these men
have misled the people of the North, and we find
ourselves upon the very verge of a dissolution of
this glorious Union.
What is tho present trouble? The difficulty
in Kansas is as to which of two parties shall suc-
ceed in obtaining possession of the government
there. There is already in existence a constitu-
tional government—not a government of usurpa-
tion, as the Senator from New York gratuitously
says, but a legally-constituted government. The
President of the United States, so far as his
authority can be enforced, I undertake to say, will
see that the laws are faithfully executed. The
question in Kansas, whether slavery shall exist
there or be inhibited, is the great bone of conten-
tion; and if that were out of the way all difficulty
would cease. Do you desire to send to Kansas
a diplomatic agent of the Government of the
United States to dictate to the people there
whether they shall have slavery or not? If you
could send an agent there to convince the people
that the government is right, you would strike at
the root of the evil; or if you could send your dip-
lomatic agent to Massachusetts and other quar-
ters where these disturbances originate—where
the flame is fanned—where the money is contrib-
uted, and the rifles are purchased, you might
strike at the root of this evil.
I believe, sir, that the Executive will perform
his duty. I cannot see that he needs to be tram-
meled by the advice of the Senate. I cannot see
that it is necessary to enlarge his powers by
giving him such advice. The Executive duly
appreciates, I doubt not, the great military skill
and ability of General Scott; and if the time shall
arrive when his services will be needed in this
Territory, I doubt not he will be sent there.
The gentleman from Kentucky says that he
desires to send no additional force there. If I
understand him, it is the moral effect, the influ-
ence to be exerted by sending General Scott there,
which he desires. I cannot see, for the life of
me, that any such result is to flow from this ac-
tion of ours. Both the Senators, who have so
ably addressed the Senate in favor of the reso-
lution, have totally failed to show in what way
General Scott is to contribute to the pacification
of the disturbances in Kansas, and I do not think
it can be shown. Believing that it cannot be
shown, and that it is extra-judicial for the Sen-
ate of the United States to undertake to express
its opinion in such a mode, I shall vote against
this resolution.
Without disposing of the motion, after a brief
executive session, the Senate adjourned*
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 11, 1S5G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a communication
from the Secretary of State, stating, in reply to a
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
29th ultimo, requesting the President " to com-
municate, it consistent with the public interest,
any information in his possession in rogaid to
the action of the leading Powers of Europe on
the question of privateering, and if notice of the
action of the late confcrencc of Paris thereon has
been officially communicated to this Govern-
ment that no information of the character called
for by the resolution had been officially commu-
nicated by any foreign Government to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
On motion of Mr. Stanton the communication
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in reply to a resolution of the House
of the 8th of May last, requesting information in
regard to a contemplated imposition of additional
duties on American leaf tobacco by the Zoll-Ve-
rein, or commercial union of the German States,
a report from the Secretary of State; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER stated that the question first
in order for consideration was the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the
Journal of Saturday's proceedings be amended,
by strking out the notice of a bill given by Mr.
Edwards.
Upon this question the yeas and nays were
ordered on Monday.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
39, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Hendley S. Bennett,
Boyce, John P. Campbell, CarhJe, CJingman, Williamson It.
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, CuHen, Davidson. Denver, Ed-
mundson, Etheridgc, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Augus.tii's Hall,
Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, George IV. Jones,
Kennett, Lake, Humphtey Maishall, frieliolss, Phelps, Pur-
year, Quitman, Itcade, Rivers, Ruflin, Sandidge, Trippe,
Vail, Warner, Watkins, John V. Wright, and Zothcofier—
39.
NAYS —Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Bfllinglwrst, Bingham,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brcnton, Biooin, Buftinton, Burtingaiiie,
James II. Campbell, Ca-kie, Bayiud Clarke, dawson, Cot-
fax, Connns, Covode, Cra«in, Cumback, Damrell, Day,
Dean, D<; Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Edic, Edwards,
Emue, Gallnway, Goodo, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hick-
man, Ilollowav, Thomas R. Hoiton, Hughston, Knnpp,
Kmght, Knox, Loitci, McQueen, Millson, Mill waul, Moore,
Norton, Pettit, Itiehard-on, Ritchie, Robison, Sabin, Sapp,
Scott, Stanton. Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton,
Wade, Walbndge, Walker, Cadwalader C. YVa^hhurne,
Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Wa&hburn, Watson, Whitney,
Winslow, and Woodworth—69.
No quorum voted.
Mr. SAPI*. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITNEY. As tho vote just taken
shows that no quorum is present, and as it ia
useless to sit here without a quorum to do busi-
ness, I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to. *
Mr. HAVEN. If the Speaker will pardon me
for a single moment, I desire to make an inquiry.
Supposing we go through with the call of the
House, will tho names of the absentees be lecord-
ed upon tho Journal ?
Mr. PHELPS. Not unless you go through
with the entire call. They will not appear by
merely calling the roll once, and then suspend-
ing all further proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The names of the absentees
will appear upon the Journal unless the call be
suspended before its completion.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make this single sug-
gestion , if itisnotoutof order: We should cither
enter upon a call of the House with the ideaof en-
forcing tho attendance of absent members until a
quorum is present; or we should simpiy make the
call, have the names of the absentees entered upon
the Journal,and let them take the slight respons-
ibility that will attach to their absence. Any
thing beyond one or the other of these courses
is puerile. There is no use in sitting here and
calling the roll, unless we can obtain a working
' quorum by it. If it is the opnion of the Ilouse
that it is unfair to call back members here before
next week, we ought to understand it, and not
come here and enter again upon this childish
business. I should like to have the sense of the
House upon the question, whether we are to do
one thing or the other.
Mr. JUNES, of Tennessee. Go on with the
call.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
its order. The roll was called, and the absentees
noted. The names of the absentees ytere then
called, and the following members failed to an-
swer to their names;
Mes&is. Albright, Bayly, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson,
