660
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GU)BE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, fyc.—Mr. Hunter.
[June 24,
Senate.
down upon our proceedings shouts of derision
and execration from the American people. They
punished trespassers who fished in the pond oi
a member of the House of Commons; or who dug
Lord Gage's coal; or plowed Mr. Bowles s land;
or killed Lord Galway's rabbits; or who rode
Mr. James's horse; or who assaulted the servant
of a member. A thousand offenses, so trivial and
so absurd, have been thus summarily disposed
of, that it would be impossible for any man to
maintain that we should be justified in the attempt
to exercise such power upon precedents drawn
from the British Parliament.
Sir, if we claim any privilege beyond what the
Constitution has specially given, it is only under
the implication that we may punish things done
'within our own view, and may preserve our
own existence by expelling an intruder and pre-
venting contempts. Beyoad that there can be
no claim of privilege by implication.
I believe tnat it will be found, if ever the prece-
dents which have been relied upon here snould
come to receive a judicial criticism, that some of
them will not stand the test of such an investiga-
tion. It will happen here, as ithappened in Eng-
land, that so long as the Houses were permitted to
go on, and judge of their own privileges, they
claimed them fast enough; but when the com-
mon law courts began to tidce jurisdiction, and
submit them to the criticism of public opinion,
these privileges have been abridged and reduced
in their extent. So it will happen here. If ever
we attempt to exercise privileges to the extent
which is claimed across the water, enforce them
against any individual citizen, and he chooses to
refer to the courts, it will be found that they will
restrict that claim in the decision which they will
give upon it. The privileges given by the Con-
stitution are ample and sufficient. They protect
the House against everything against which it
is necessary to protect it, and they protect the
members, through the courts of law, against any
assaults which may be made upon them.
In regard to the assaults on the person of a
member: why should he be more privileged to
seek redress in two tribunals than any other in-
dividual? The judiciary, which is independent;
the judiciary, which can reach the person or the
property of the offender, is sufficient in the case
of tf le citizen. Is it not sufficient in the case of
anybody, whether he be a member or not, who
lives under the jurisdiction of our law ? Is it not
against the spirit of the Constitution to say that
he shall be answerable twice—answerable not
only in a court of law, which may decide as to his
person and his property, but answerable here also ?
1 acknowledge that, in regard to its own mem-
ber, the House has discretionary privileges, so
as to make him respect its order, and to keep quiet
in its proceedings. It may punish him for dis-
orderly conduct, and may, by a vote of two thirds,
expel him. That is a power which extends to
the member of that very body, not to any other in-
dividual. We cannot claim that it be exercised
in regard to the piember of another House, any
more than we could claim to inflict punishment
in the case of an indifferent person—such a case
as that to which I have referred.
This power of expulsion was given as an
extreme remedy for extreme cases. It was vested
in a body where it was supposed it would be
used with the utmost reserve and caution; because
it must have been foreseen that if it should be
used under the influence of sectional or party
feeling, the act itself would become one of polit-
ical suicide. We find, as we approach the seat
and the center of life, that the cases increase for
which the physician cannot prescribe, and for
which hi must trust to the silent action of the
vital forces. In the great scheme of life, the safe-
guards are provided rather against the assaults of
other persons upon the vital organs, than against
any injury which the possessor himself might
inflict upon them. Against that danger, the m-
fltincts of self-preservation are supposed to afford
a sufficient protection, except in the case of a
frenzied or misguided will. As k is in the
natural, so it is in the artificial body, for if ever
this power, which is given over the very organs
of life, should come to be exercised rashly arid
intemperately, from that moment political disso-
lution will become imminent.
But, Mr. President, happily, in presenting the
arguments upon this case, it is not necessary to
determine whether the precedents to which I have
referred—and referred because 1 thought it was
proper to notice them in this connection—be bind-
ing or not, because in truth they do not apply.
This case, even if it had occurred in England,
would not have been considered a breach of priv-
ilege; for there a, distinction is drawn between
speeches which are printed and published and
circulated, and what is said in debate. There it
has been established in more cases than one, and
; particularly in Stockdale's case that, although
you shall not be held to be answerable for words
spoken in debate, and although you shall not be
held to be answerable for those words if published
by order of the House of Commons, when the
circulation is confined to the members of the
House; yet, if you,publish and circulate them,
even by order of the House, abroad, you do be-
come answerable in a suit for libel. That was
•| decided in Stockdale's case by Lord Denman. So,
1 indeed, it was decided before, in the King against
■ Creevy, before Lord Ellenborough, (1 Maule and
• Selwyn, 275.) It is indeed an old decision, and
not ojie of late days. As far back as the days of
: James II., there were two cases in which it was
i decided. For the publication of Dangerfield's
case, two suits for libel were maintained; one
against the Speaker, who signed the order for its
publication by the House of Commons, and the
other against Dangerfield, who circulated it gen-
erally. Lord Denman said, in Stockdale's case,
(Perry and Davidson, vol 2, p. 121,) "The King
against Williams was ill decided, because he was
questioned for what he did by order of the House,
within the walls of Parliament. The King vs.
Dangerfield is undoubted law, because he sold
and published beyond the walls of Parliament,
under an order to do what is unlawful."
The principle of that decision has been recently
maintained, and it is now the law of the land in
England; so that if the House of Commons were
to authorize a man to publish and circulate
defamatory matter, he could be sued for a libel,
if the courts of law were to adjudge' that it was
defamatory. That is the principle settled after
long argument in the case of Stockdale vs. Han-
sard.
It cannot be said that the case is different here,
because we have a provision in the Constitution,
which says that no member shall be questioned
in any other place for any speech or debate in
either House. They have a similar provision in
their Bill of Rights; but their courts have decided
that this protection extends only to words spoken
in debate, or to publications made by order of the
House for the use of the House only, and does
not cover cases where the publication was made
and extensively circulated abroad. The. same
decision, I believe, will be given here, if ever the
case should come up in court, because the same
reasons which existed there exist here also.
In Creevy's case, it was well said by Mr. Justice
Bayly:
" A member of Parliament has undoubtedly the privilege,
for the purpose of producing parliamentary effect, to speak
in Parliament boldly and clearly what he thinks conducive
to that end. He may even, for that purpose, if he thinks it
right, cast imputations in Parliament against the character
of any individual, and still he will be protected. But if lie
is to be at liberty to circulate those imputations elsewhere,
the evil would be very extensive. No member, therefore,
is at liberty so to do."—Maule and Selwyn, p. 280.
Now, I say, inasmuch as it is manifest that
this is a case which arose out of the publication
and the circulation of a speech, it is no more a
breach of privilege here to question a man for
having done it, than it would be in England. I
say, too, that, inasmuch as it arose^ out of the
publication, the precedents upon which we have
relied do not apply; that this is quite a different
case; and that the point now and nere made was
never made in those other cases. Of course I
argue upon the principle that the alleged breach of
privilege is founded upon the constitutional pro-
vision as to words spoken in debate. I snow
enough* if I prove that this provision can in no
way extend to a speech published and circulated.
■No one can allege, as it seems to me, that a mere
assault upon a Senator is a breach of his parlia-
mentary privilege. It is a violation of his legal
rights, and for that wrong the courts affonf a
remedy. - ,
If this be so, the Legislature of Massachusetts,
had no right to pronounce this to be a breach of
privilege, or to demand such summary punish-
ment; neither had we the right to send to the
House of Representatives and ask that they
should take cognizance of the case. I know that
such precedents exist in England, because they
claim greater privileges there than we do here;
and because, too, there each House is the judge
of its own privileges; here that authority and
that power are denied to us. There can be no
necessity for such a practice here. If the con-
stitutional privilege of a member of either House
is violated, the remedy, as 1 think I have shown,
is in the courts of law, which are alike open
whether the defendant be a member of Congress
or a private citizen. If the case be one of intru-
sion or contempt within the view of the Senate,
the remedy must be used by that body itself,
because, to be efficacious, it must be prompt,
whether the offender be a member of tne other
House or not. There, if the case be one of breach
of privilege, it is to be judged by tfie one House
or the other; and courtesy has required that if a
member were the offender his own House should
judge him. But experience even there has shown
that such a remedy has generally proved to be
bruturn fulmen, and Hatsell has some useful
remarks upon that subject.
I say then, sir, that, so far from being gov-
erned by law in the course which we have taken,
I respectfully suggest that we have departed from
, the true view of the power which the Constitu-
] tion has given us; that we have acted upon
the false light of precedents, whose principles
do not apply to our case; and that we have
made a mistake in the course which we have pur-
sued. At any rate, I will say that surely we have
no right to invoke the exercise of an arbitrary
i jurisdiction of any extreme discretionary power
which may be lodged in the other House. We
know that the free States of this Confederacy
constitute a majority of it. Suppose they were
all of them to act in the spirit of these Massachu-
setts resolutions; suppose they were to encourage
their Senators to insult the members from the
slave States; suppose they were to say: " If this
is resented, you must expel him if you can find
two thirds to do it; and if you cannot, you
must annoy him by the power of your majority
until you make his seat intolerable to him:"—I
ask, under such circumstance's, how long would
it be before there would be a dissolution of such
an assembly? I ask, what southern man would
be willing to sit here if he was thus to be governed
by such a power, exercised in such a manner?
Mr. President, I know it may be said, on the
other side, is there not danger that freedom of
speech will be abridged, if men undertake to resent
or punish its excesses? i admit that evils may
occur on that side, but not so great on that horn
of the dilemma as on this; because it is always to
be remembered that, in the other alternative, the
courts of law are open, where you may sue by
private action for damages, where you may indict
for assault, and where the court has power and
jurisdiction to punish for the offense, in either
person or property; so that there is a fulTremedy
and impartial tribunal for any such injury. Be-
sides that, .we must further remember that one
man is about as able to defend himself as another
is to assail him, and that in such contests there
are two to be engaged, so the probability is that,
in the end, no very great mischief can ensue. At
any rate, if scenes aid occur which were to be
deplored, if events did take place which were to
be condemned, still we know there is not near so
much danger on that side as there would be in
employing the arbitrary and discretionary power
of the House, vested in it only for extreme occa-
sions, in cases where the judgment might be at-
tributed not so much to the sense of right as to '
sectional feeling, or to party bias. I think that,
under such circumstances as these, it is always
best to transfer such feuds from the Houses of
Congress to the courts of law—from a tribunal
which must of course be, to some extent, preju-
diced and partial, to one which is unprejudiced
and impartial.
I give this counsel for the sake of peace. I
advise such a measure, as one which seems to
me to afford a solution by which we may escape
