1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
question of history is in dispute. It has been j
averred on some occasions that the British sunk ;
ships; it has been asserted elsewhere that the 1
American forces sunk ships. The Senator from
South Carolina has stated that, according to his
understanding, both sunk them. I do not pre-
tend to decide the question; it is not necessary to
my argument that I should decide it. I care not
by whom the ships were sunk—whether by the
British or American forces, or by the God of
Nature—all that I inquire is, were they sunk in
the river? Having been sunk there, and Con-
gress having taken it for granted that they were
sunk, and appropriated money to remove them,
the question is, whether that appropriation ought
to be confined sxmply-to removing the ships them-
selves, 01 ought, legitimately and properly, to be
extended to the removal of obstructions caused
by the original sinking of the ships? That is
what f desire to do; it is the whole scope and i
object of my amendment. i
1 wish to have the money so appropriated, in
the language of the law which we are about to '
pass, if it shall be passed, that the Executive :
may not veto the hill. I object, therefore, to the
general principles upon which this bill has been 1
placed by the Committee on Commerce. I will i
not pretend to charge the committee with an in- i
tentional design to defeat this appropriation; but i
I say the manner in winch they reported this bill !
will inevitably defeat its object; and that, if they j
knew that would be the efleet, I desire to learn j
what was their design? For what object has this :
bill been reported in such general terms, giving j
unlimited discretion to the Secretary of War, and I
placing it precisely m the category of a general '
appropriation to clear out or improve the naviga-,
tion of the Savannah river without restriction?.
Such a bill as that, judging by the veto of the j
Executive during the last Congi ess, and his sane- i
tion of the Savannah river appropriation bill,
and the Cape Fear river bill, would inevitably
meet the Executive disapprobation. The com-
mittee knew that. They do not deny that such
is the fact. They must know then that this bill,
if passed in the shape in which they have re-
ported it, must meet the Executive disapproba-
tion. I perceive that the chairman of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Hamlin] shakes his head. Then if '
they did not know and did not understand that
fact, I take the statement back; but I had sup-
posed that any man of ordinary sense, looking
at the principles which have been avowed by
the Executive in regard to the bills heretofore
passed by Congress, and seeking to discriminate
m relation to the views and intentions and prin-
ciples of the President, would have no difficulty
in coming to the conclusion that ho would veto
any general appropriation bill for a river: and
that the only icason why he sanctioned the law
of the last session was, as the Senator from Mich-
igan states, because it recited the fact that the
obstruction placed in the river was put there for
the common defense.
The Executive mny have been deceived at the
last session. I shall not pretend to deny that he
was not deceived by a false recitation in the bill
in that way; for it has nothing to do with my
argument; but I say, whether he was or not, in-
asmuch as the money has been appropriated for
a specific object, and it is necessary to pass an j
amendatory bill in order to effect that specific j
object, I think we may, legitimately, pass an i
amendatory bill for the purpose of accomplishing '
the object, whether the fact stated in the original
bill be true or false. That is_my argument. I
do notwish to deceive the President. It is a mat-
ter of no consequence, so far as I am concerned, j
whetiiei the facts stated in the bill of the last ses- j
sion be true or not; but I do not admit that they j
are false. 1 do not know how the facts are. I t
will not say that they are not false, but I will not [
admit their falsehood. They were placed in the J
bill, as I undei stand, at the instance of the high- j
minded and honorable man of whom I am the '
humble successor in this body, Mr. Senator Daw- |
son; and I think he was and is incapable of in- ;
tentionally deceiving the Senate, the President,
or anyboay else. ;
It may be that the facts stated in the act of last
year were not agreeable to the truth of history,
and the Senator from Michigan wishes to vindi-
cate the truth of history by the bill which lus
committee have reported. How does it vindicate
the truth of history ? Where is there anythingon
the face of the bill reported by the Committee on
Commerce which negatives the assertions in the
bill of the'last Congress ? Where is there anything
that denies the truth of those assertions ? There
is not a word in the bill that vindicates the truth
of history. Yet it is so important to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, that this appropria-
tion is to be defeated, the application of the mo-
ney to be defeated, and the accomplishment of
the object which Congress had in view in making
it to be defeated, for the purpose merely of vindi-
cating the truth of history.
I trust the Senate will adopt my amendment,
which simply limits the appropriation to the real
object which the bill of the last Congress had in
view—merely to apply the money to the removal
of obstructions placed in the Savannah river during
the revolutionary war, whether by one party or
the other—m order that the President may not
veto the bill; in order to explain the act of the last
session, and simply to carry out the object which
it had in view. If that is not fair and honorable,
I do not know what is.
I have stated that I could not see why the Com-
mittee on Commerce insisted on having a general
application given to the fund. We do not ask it—
we do not desire it. We want the money applied
for a specific object; and when we ask that this
money may be authorized to be applied tc a spe-
cific object, the Committee on Commerce coma
forward and say: "You shall not have it applied
to that objcct; but if you have it at all, you shall
have it on general principles." That may be
generous, but I do not accept the generosity of
the Committee on Commerce. I will not say that
the object is to defeat, but I say the effect will be
to defeat the purpose of the original appropria-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I was not
present at the meeting of the Committee on Com-
merce at which this subject was discussed; but
I must say that, if I had been present, I should
very cordially have agreed with the remaining
members of that committee. I have been very
much surprised at the line of argument taken to-
day by my honorable friend from Georgia. I
cannot altogether understand his position. It
seems to me to be fatally self-contradictory. The
gentleman tells us that, in his estimation, the
Congress of the United States has no authority
to pass a bill appropriating money for the im pro \ e-
ment of rivers and harbors; and that, in the par-
ticular instance before the Semite, in his mind, it
makes no kind of difference whether the obstruc-
tion to be removed originated from the act_ of
our own Government, from the act of the British
Government, or from the God of Nature, to use
his own expression; that, in any one of those
categories, it is his conviction that the Congress
of the United States has no right to make the
appropriation. Still, I tlunk not a Senator on
tins floor will differ from me in opinion, when I
state that I have not yet in the Senate seen, by
any member of this body, an appropriation urged
with so much vehement zeal as that displayed
by the honorable Senator from Georgia fortius
particular improvement in the Savannah river.
I think it is very unfortunate that the Senator
from Georgia should repeat language which, not-
withstanding his disclaimer, must necessarily go
out to the country as conveying imputations on
the Committee on Commerce; for, although the
Senator again and again disclaims an intention of
imputing to members of the Committee on Com-
merce any design to defeat his bill, lie repeats
over and over again that they must have known
his bill would be defeated by their amendment,
and asks them what design they had if they had
not the design of defeating the appropriation^
I will state, m a very few words, what I think
in relation to this amendment. It appears to me
to be so plain and clear a matter, that I cannot
think the gentleman from Georgia will persuade
the Senate that what he proposes is the proper
course to be pursued on this occasion. A large
number of appropriation bills was passed for in-
ternal improvements during the sessions of the
last Congress. The President of theUnited States
vetoed them all except the appropriation tor the
Cape Fear river and the appropriation for the
Savannah river. Those two appropriations suc-
ceeded upon the ground that theie existed, in
those two special cases, distinct facta which
justified him in making them exceptions from the
general principles which he thought ought to be
applied to bills of this character. The appro-
priation for the Cape Fear river has taken effect*
The statement of facts contained in the bill as
it passed Congress was justified by truth. The
appropriation made for the Savannah river has
not yet taken effect. The gentleman says that "if
the original bill were now before the Senate, his
constitutional scruples would prevent him from
advocating the passage of the bill; but he has no
constitutional scruples whatever in arranging an
amendment that will give effect to a bill which it
would be unconstitutional to pass originally. If
we do not pass the amendment which is now
proposed by the Senator from Georgia, the un-
constitutional appropriation of last session, as he
considers it to be, fails. The complaint he makes
is, that the Committee on Commerce is now
assisting the President of the United States in
carrying out what he believes to be the true prin-
ciples of the Constitution. The true principles
of the Constitution, as he xmderstands them,
prohibit the appropriation of this money to that
improvement, whatever be the origin of the ob-
struction. The law, as it was passed at the last
session, cannot be executed; therefore this un-
constitutional appropriation now falls; and yet the
same Senator, who supposes that appropriation
to be in direct violation of the Constitution, is
urging upon the Senate, with every argument in
his power, that they shall pass a law to give effect
to that unconstitutional appropriation.
The gentleman from Georgia says that he does
not understand this dog-in-the-manger policy; he
cannot see what motive other gentlemen on this
floor can have for desiring this appropriation to
fall, simply because they cannot get one for
themselves. Why, sir, the answer to that is
plain, and clear, and simple. If the President of
the United States can find any justification in his
views of the Constitution for sanctioning an ap-
propriation for the Savannah river upon facts,
then, I say, in the name of God, let the people of
Savannah got their Appropriation. But if a dis-
tinction is to be made in favor of one section of
this Confederacy, one State of this Confederacy,
on grounds which are not true in point of fact,
then, I say, it is just to the other sections of the
Confederacy that the fact should be made known.
The gentleman says that my honorable friend
from Michigan is desirous of vindicating the truth
of history, and he says it in a very sneering man-
ner, and he asks whether the bill of the Commit-
tee on Commerce vindicates the truth of history.
Surely, it does not, and I do not think my friend
from Michigan said that it did; but what my
friend from Michigan did say, and say truly, was
this: that if the Committee on Commerce had
allowed this amendment to pass, based on a ref-
erence to the false statement of the act of the last
session, they would have been adding the sanc-
tion of repeated assertion to a fact of which they
had now ascertained the falsehood.
At the last session of Congress my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,]—agentleman for whom
no person on this floor can entertain a higher re-v
spect ora warmer regard than myself—introduced
this bill in behalf of his State. It was examined
in committee. The historical facts were not ex-
amined into, because we took it for granted that
his statement was correct. Are we, the members
of the Committee on Commerce ai. the last ses-
sion, now to be taunted with responsibility for
falsifying the truth of historv, because we did
not verify with scrupulous; exactitude the state-
ment which the gentleman's predecessor made?
And are we to he blamed if it now happens that,
on an examination of the facts, it turns out to be
that the gentleman's predecessor wasmistaken
in the statement? And are we wrong in making
a statement of the truth to the Senate ? ^ Surely,
I the gentleman from Georgia is very unfortunate
in the charge which lie prefers against the com-
mittee. I think that if the gentleman from Geor-
gia will refer to-morrow, when this debute shall
hnve been printed, to the statements which he
made in his opening speech, and to the language
lie has since used, he will find—undoubiediy
without any intention of his own—undoubtedly
without any desire of imputing improper or dis-
honorable motives to any member of the com-
mittee—that ins language was very unfortunately
selected; that the impression which he now
