ao
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] as
it was first reported, instead of taking the bill
with the section as it finally passed the Senate.
It will be recollected that that section was amend-
ed on the motion of my friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Geyer.] That amendment is contained in
the bill which I have introduced; and hence it
■will be discovered that the publications in the
Intelligencer and the Union are both inaccurate.
They leave out the amendment made on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BIGGS. With that explanation I desire
it to be read.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be read the second
time, and printed.
Mr. BIGGS. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the bill will be read a second time.
The Chair hears none.
The bill was read a second time. It provides
that, inasmuch as the Constitution of the United
States and the organic act of Kansas Territory
have secured to the inhabitants thereof certain
inalienable rights, of which they cannot be de-
prived by any legislative enactment, therefore no
religious test shall ever be required as a qualifi-
cation to any office or^Rblic trust; no law shall
be in force or enforced in the Territory respecting
an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
speech, or of the press; or of the right of the peo-
ple peaceably to assemble and petition for the
redress of grievances; the right of the people to
be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures, shall not be violated; and no warrant shall
issue but upon probable cause, supported by oath
or affirmation, and particularly describing the
place to be searched, and the person or things
to be seized; nor shall the lights of the people to
keep and bear arms be infringed. No person
shall be held to answer for a capital or otherwise
infamous crime, unless on a presentment or in-
dictment of a grand jury; nor shall any person be
subject for the same offense to be twice put m
jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled
in any criminal case to be a witness against him-
self, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; nor shall private
property be taken for public use without just
compensation. In all criminal prosecution, the
accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
public trial by an impartial jury of the district
wherein the crime shall have been committed,
which district shall have been previously ascer-
tained by law, and to be informed of the nature
and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with
the witnesses against him; to have compulsory
process of obtaining witnesses 111 his favor, and
to have the assistance of couuscl for his defense.
The privilege of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended unless when, in case of rebellion or inva-
sion, the public safety may require it. In suits
at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by
jury shall be preserved; am! no fact tried by jury
shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of
the United States than according to the rules of
the common law. Excessive bail shall not be
X'equned, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
and unusual punishments inilicted. No law
shall be made, or have force or effect in the Ter-
ritory, winch shall requne a test oath oro.iths to
support any act of Congress, or other legislative
act, as a qualification for any civil office or public
trust, or for any employment or profession, or to
serve as a juror, or vote at an election, or which
shall impose any tax upon or condition to the
exercise of the right of suffrage by any qualified
voter, or which shall restiuni or prohibit the fiee
discussion of any law or subject of legislation in
the Territory, or the free expression of opinion
thereon by the people of the Territory.
Mr. BAYARD, I can vole for this bill not
exactly for the reason stated by the honorable
Senator from California, but because I look upon
it as a declaration of rights merely. It pioposes
to do now what perhaps it would have been as
well to_ have done in originally organizing the
territorial government; that is, make a declaration
of rights for the protection of the people there, i
wnilst they remain in a territorial condition, j
ney could not do it fgr themselves, because they I
could form no constitution until they become a
State. I think it is right that we should do now
what did not occur to us then, as no such diffi-
culties had existed in previous cases in the oigan-
ization of Territories. I have, therefore, no
objection to voting for this bill. I should be
unwilling to cast my vote in favor of any bill
which undertook to revise specifically the laws
of Kansas, on the ground that a particular law
was inexpedient, or that we would not pass such
a law ourselves; but I view this bill as nothing
more than a declaration of rights, which secures
the people of Kansas against improper legisla-
tion, in the same manner as the State constitu-
tions secure their people against improper legis-
lation by their State Legislatures.
On that ground I can support this bill; but
under no circumstances can I be brought into
an interference with the action of thejudiciary as
to the legality of particular laws. That belongs
to them. Under no circumstances can I agree to
modify, or control, or restrain, the constitutional
power vested in the Executive in reference to the
use of the Army or any other portion of the
forces of the United States, when the exigency
arises in which, under the laws, it is both his right
and his duty to use it. But tins bill falls within
a principle to which I readily accord. There are
certain of the laws of Kansas which are unques-
tionably, in themselves, shocking to the moral
sense. There are certain of the laws of Kansas
that invade natural right. I am perfectly willing,
by a declaration of rights, to abrogate those laws;
because on their abrogation, in the mode alone in
which we can abrogate them, or ought to abro-
gate them, (which'ia by a declaration of what
species of laws shall not be passed,) the question
will necessarily arise before the Executive, if he
is to act, or before the judiciary; so that, if the
laws are inconsistent with these principles, they
must necessarily fall. On this ground, and for
this reason, I can vote for the bill, though I could
not vote for a specific abrogation of the laws of
Kansas.
Mr. WILSON. I have an amendment as an
additional section to this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion before the Senate to refer the bill to the
Committee 011 Territories.
Mr. BIGGS. Of course, if the Senator pro-
poses to amend the bill, I waive my motion until
the amendments are offered, so that they maybe
printed.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
amendment printed with the bill, if the bill is to
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
be it further enacted, That the one hundred find
fifty-that chapter of the alleged laws ot the Teintory of
Kansas, entitled ''An act to pnui-h otfenses agam-t slave
property," with such other provisions of that code as recog
in/,e and pioteet blaveiy a-, a legalized institution of said
'iVrntoiy, and all piovwions which establish oilieial oaths
other than those specified in the organic act, or which ie-
(jnire any te^t in icgard to slavery 01 the fugitive slave law,
to be applied to attorneys, jurois, or voteis. or which sus-
pend the wilt of habeas cot pus, or which allow any othei
than actual undents of said Territoiyto vote, or which
allow jmics to be selected in any other manner than by lot,
or which punish citizens of said Teintory by chaining them
together and exposing them to labor on the public works,
with iion chains and balH attached to them, bo, and the
same aie hereby, declared mopetative and void: and it is
further declaicd, as the dehbetate opinion of the Confess
I of the LT j/ed Stafes, th.itaii pet sons under anesf 01 imhet-
j nient in said Tenitcuy foi tiea^on or otlwu alleged political
1J 0ileuses, shouM be immediately released.
j j Jhul f,e it jurlker enacted, That the Governor of the Ter-
1' runiv of Kansas -hall wider an < lection in s.iul Terntoiy on
|[ the Tuesday vjcceeding the fiti-t Monday in November
t' ne\t, at winch tune all peisoiT- who who actual how? fide
I! resident citizens of said Terntoiv on the fn>r da} of-May,
[[ 1K)0, shall be entitled to vole, and shall be eligible to clrc-
lion ; and memheis of both blanches of the Legi^latuie
;; shall men be elected accoidmg to an cnumeiation and
i apportionment to be oidered by said Goveinoi. At said
I, election, a Deleave to Confess shall aUo be chosen ; and
j, the people of the vanous counties sln'f aKo elect a shetitF,
II tieaMiiei. piobate judge, three countj commissioner, an
i a-^e-v-ur, cleik, and i eoidct\ and in the vauou^ townships
ij 01 pieeinct-? nor less than two nor more than four justices
and eon-rabies, as the Governor may direct. False sweai-
: 1 mg at said election is heieby d<>elaied pnijury, punishable
1 by nnpiu-onment not h's^ than three nor mote than twelve
j months, and be fine not less than si00 nor moie than ^'600.
i And ten dav aftei said election, all pei<on> chosen to ofliee
i shall be eligible to eater upon the discharge of their dunet,
: to the exclusion of all pei^on? now claiming such authority.
i Mr. MASON. Mr. President, m 1854. a law ;
i was passed to organize a territorial government !
for each of the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska. The theory of that law was to commit
tq& the people of those Territories the right to
legislate for themselves, in such manner as thoy
might deem best. I voted for the law. I did it
under a sort of duress. I should have been much
better satisfied to have organized those Territories
as other Territories have been organized, more
majorum; but I voted for it because^there was no
concession made to the occupants of the Territory
which the Constitution did not authorize, and
because, from my expeiience of the legislation
of Congress upon the subject of slavery, I thought
it was much safer to trust the people who might
go there with that subject, than to trust it with
Congress. *
But two years have elapsed, and what do we
find5 We find propositions now made to undo
what was then done, to take from the people the
right to legislate for themselves, or to prescribe to
what extent they shall legislate, and to what ex-
tent they shall not. Such I considered the char-
acter of the bill that was passed here by the Sen-
ate at its late session; and although I did not vote
against the bill, I did not vote for it. I conceded
to that extent my own judgment to the opinions
of those in whose opinions I had confidence, and
with whom I was accustomed to act, reserving
my judgment by refraining from voting at all.
But the bill passed the Senate and went to the
House of Representatives. What has been the
result? They have allowed it to sleep; and, so
far as I am informed, have given it no considera-
tion whatever. But now, what has been done
in that House? Upon every appropriation bill,
as far as I recollcct, they have sought to ingraft
legislation in reference to the people of Kansas,
taking from them what the law of 1854 had given
to them, not altogether, but prescribing to the
people upon what subjects they were forbidden
to legislate, by annulling the laws on those sub-
jects. They gradually took it from every bill,
the Senate refusing to sanction it, until we were
brought to the Army bill, upon which the House
have made their stand, refusing to give supplies
to the Army unless we legislate, making that bill
the vehicle of legislation, for the purpose of re-
voking or rescinding what they assume to be
unjust or improper laws in Kansas.
Now, Mr. President, I have not read those
laws. I do not know that 1 have read one of
them. I have casually seen the volume on the
desks here occasionally; but I have not had my
attention called to it. I have, however, yet to
learn that any portion of the American people,
whether they come from the North or the South,
who are assembled under the sanctions and obli-
gations of legislators, can make laws which can
be justly denounced as we have heard them de-
nounced, and denounced from so many quarters,
as atrocious and infamous laws. I have yet to
learn that any portion of the American people,
come from where they may, can be justly sub-
jected to that sort of censure in such a place as
this; but yet we have heard them denounced on
all hands, some of the laws as unjust, as atro-
cious, as infamous, laws which require the para-
mount authority of Congress to intervene—to do
what? Protect our people against themselves!
That is very much the character of the legislation
that is proposed.
Sir, 1 knew there are many laws in the south-
ern States, where the institution of slavery be-
longs, that would shock the sensibilities of some
people of the non-slaveholding States, and which
they, with a species of fanaticism, would denounce
as unjust, and atrocious, and infamous laws, be-
cause they trench upon human rights and human
liberty; but yet there is not one of the southern
people who is not perfectly satisfied that such
laws are not only just but expedient and wise,
and tend to Hie best ends of the promotion and
furtherance of civilization. They pass harmless
by such denunciations. 1 know fuuher that
there are many laws m the non-slaveholding
States for the government of their people—"free
people"—that never could be ingrafted upon the
code of the people amongst whom I was raised,
because wo consider that they would conveit
man into a mere machine, make his understand-
ing and will subservient to the legislation of the
occasion, or of popular emotion, and breed up the
worst race of men that were ever bred up under
free institutions, as wc thmk. Gentlemenmthose
