m
34ttt Cong.... 1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, fyc.—Mr. Seward.
SENAtfi.
agitation, just as if there was some novelty in
that mode of dealing with the subject, permit this
violence to be thus justified without dissent; their
constituents justify and uphold and encourage
it; and then they turn round to us arid complain
to us of agitation, as if they expected us to Sup-
press it. Suppress agitation! Sir, the blows
that fell on the head of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts have done more for the cause of human
freedom in Kansas and in the Territories of the
United States than all the eloquerice—I do not
call it agitation—which has resounded in these
halls from the days when RUfus King asserted
that cause it} this Chamber, and when John
Q,uincy Adams defended it in the other'House,
until the present hour. The very speech of the
honorable and distinguished Senator from Vir-
ginia to-day will not cease to agitate, to disturb
the political waters of this country, until the
waves shall reach the fortress of slavery on the
mountains ofVirginiai herself. If you wishto
carry on that agitation, repeal the'oraer by which;
you have referred the subject of this debate to
the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives.
I speak not of immediate consequences; but ■
you have only to adopt the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and there will
be no longer need of debate here concerning free-
dom of speech—even of debate concerning free-
dom of any kind anywhere. There will speedily
be, hot only perfect freedom of debate here, btit
there wiH be also freedom in the Territories of
the United States.
The honorable Senator expresses his surprise in
the next place that Massachusetts, while censur-
ing the offender who committed the outrage on her'
representative, had no word of censure to bestow:
on that representative himself, whose intemperate
language is assumed to have provoked the put-
rage. Sir, t think the honorable and distinguished
Senator from Virginia will agree- with me-, on.
reflection, that it is scarcely eonsistent'with the
dignity and impartiality of the Senate of the
United States to raise an objection of this kind.
Suppose that those blows had ended, as at one
time, no matter what may be said here or else-
where to the contrary, I perspnally know there
was danger that they would end, in the death of
the Senator from Massachusetts; and suppose
the Senate, in this case, were called upon by that
injured. State of Massachusetts—called upon by
ah offended country—called upon by the Gfpd who
inspires Senators and Congresses with wisdom,
" to answer, where is thy brother?" would the
honorable Senator have advised the Senate of the
United States to send up a plea that the Senator
from Massachusetts spoke angry, pr excited, or
disrespectful words against a brother Senator or
a paternal State—words the result of mutual re-
crimination, engendered for years, and that the
assassin was a relative of the Senator against
whom these words had been spoken,and a citizen
of the State Which had been assailed ? No, sir, there
would have been no such plea as that ? Then, what
cannot be maintained and justified in the one case,
where the act would have been assassination,
cannot be in the other, where it stops short of
that crime.
I shall notice, Mr. President, but a single other
point in the very remarkable speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, which is, that the
proceedings of the Senate in this case were
Wrong, because the Constitution of the United
States does not afford the remedy which the Sen-
ate has indicatedby the report of its committee to
the House of Representatives j and which is rec-
ommended to that House by its oWn committee,
The Constitution declares that " a member of
the Senate or House of Representatives, for any
speech or debate in either House, shall not be'
questioned in any other place." The Senator
from Virginia agrees that this guarantee forbids
any legal proceedings or remedy whatever to
punish a member of the Senate for words spoken
in debate; but he says that it id confined to a
prohibition of legal remedies. .
Let the honorable Senator turn to the Consti-
tution, and see whether he does not interpolate a
word. Thelanguagisofthe'Constittrtionisnotthat
a member shall not be legally, or in any court of
law, or by any judicial process; questioned in any
other plaee, but that he shall not be questioned
in'any other place whatsoever, legally or illegally,
by legal process or otherwise. The language is I
general, unrestricted, broad, and universal in its
effect. Will the Senator from Virginia, at this
day—and especially after the eulo^ium which he
so justly pronounced on the founders of the j
American Constitution — say that those men,
George Washington at their head, and Benjamin
Franklin and John Adams among their number,
reserved the right of flagellation, private personal
flagellation, against a Senator of the United States,
as a remedy for disorder and as a guarantee and
security for truthfulness, candor, and purity
of speech in debate ? The framers of the Con-
stitution WTOte no such perversion of sense, jus-
tice, reason, and humanity. If they did not so
Write, and yet such, is the effect of what they
Wrote, then that efleet is there by virtue of a
reservation; and Washington, Franklin, John
Adams, and all the other wise and great men of
that dfcty—in the Convention -#hich framed the
Constitution—including Hamilton—ay, sir, even
Alexander Hamilton himself, made an article in
the Constitution of the United States, that by
its' language guarantied absolute immunity to the
representative, and yet, with a mental reserva-
tion screened him only from legal and judicial
punishment, arid abandoned him to punishment
at the instigation of the caprice, the revenge, of
every man m the community who may have re-
ceived, or may imagine that he has received, an
injury frotn the words spoken by the Senator in
public debate.
If the honorable Senator from, Virginia will.
follow his argument to its just conclusion, he
will find that it results in this: that the transac-
tion of which the Senate has complained to the
other House—the assault and battery committed
on Charles Summer—sitting yet in his place in
the Senate, though the body had adjourned, was
a constitutional transaction. I will not carry his
argument so far as to make him say that it was
lawful, because he distinguished between the law
and the Constitution. He admits that the offender
is legally liable in a court of justice for what he
has done, but what he has done is nevertheless
constitutional, or permitted by the Constitution
of the United States to be done.
Let us see, then, what is the guarantee which
the Convention that framed the Constitution of
the United States has actually given, to protect
the public interests and the cause of human
freedom; for, let me state, once for all, that it is
a fatal misunderstanding of this whole case to
suppose that it is the privilege or right of the
Senator himself, or his personal security, or his
personal welfare, that is the object of the. protec-
tion given by the Constitution of the United
States. Whatisit? The Constitution recognizes
the truth of the principle, that even error of
opinion—no matter though committed in the
Senate of the United States, and in the House of
Representatives—no matter to what height it may
be carried, or to what extent it may diffuse itself
among these legislative bodies—may, neverthe-
less, be left free, since reason is left free in the
Senate and Congress of the United States, and
out of it, to combat with that error. So the Con-
stitution says, even though we admit that this
right may be abused or perverted; yet the freedom
of debate is a right that must not be circum-
scribed, because it belongs to the interests of the
country, and maintenance of civil liberty, that it
shall be absolute, unquestioned, unrestrained,
and unabridged.
Honorable Senators on the other side of the
House treat the subject as if this were saying
there gliall be.no remedy anywhere for intemper-
ate debate, and as if licentiousness of speech may
occur here on the floor of the Senate and in the
House of Representatives, without censure or
punishment of any kind in any case. This is a Very
frieyohg mistake. The Constitution of the United
tates authorises you and me, and the others
who constitute the Senate, to punish every de-
parture from truth, and even every violation of
order committed in this House. If the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts committed an offense
against the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, he was amenable to us all; and if censure,
if confinement, if duress, if reprimand, punish-
ments that are adequate among cultivated men
everywhere, would not bring the offender to a
sense of the wrong which ne had committed, we
are authorized ana entitled to expel him from the
body which he is supposed to nave dishonored,
and say to his constituents, " Send here to us a
representative worthy of us, and more worthy of
yourselves."
Then there is punishment, and punishment
enough, to protect. truth and maintain justice.
But the honorable Senator, from Virginia thinks
there must be left behind this some other punish-
ment. Now let us see what that punishment is; '
for his justification extends to the circumstances
of this case. WhQ is it.that is the judge; who
is it that is the jurythe magistrate that has
taken cognizance of this case? Mr, Preston S.
Brooks, a citizen of South Carolina, and a Rep-
resentative Tn the other House from that State.
Who is the grand jury who have pronounce#
that the speech of Mr. SumneH, either the printed
i copy or the fervid utterance of thfe speaker, is a
libel or a slander? Mr. Preston S. Bkoox's, of
South Carolina., "VV"hO is thfe prosecutor? Mr.
Preston S. Brooks, of South Carolina.. Who
is the judge that presides at. the trial, and the
jury that try and convict, and the judge who pro-'
nounces sentence, and'the ministerial officer who
executes the judgment of the law? Mr. Preston
S. Brooks.
Well, who in. the name of heaven is this
avenger of the Senate, this PrestonS. Brooks,.
who is appointed by. the Constitution of the
United States—ay, appointed by the Constitu-
tion, or by a Jaw higher, than the Constitution of
the United States—to vindicate the dignity and'
honor of the Senate of the United States ? Why,
I have already said Mr. Preston S. Brooks is
a citizen of South Carolina. But Mr. Preston'
S. Brooks is the prosecutor. Mr. Preston S.
Brooks may be excused for being prosecutor; he
may prosecute in the name of South Carolina;
but Mr. Preston Si Brooks again.has a title to be
prosecutor because he is by consanguinity related
to the honorable Senator from South Carolina'
who has been wronged!. This may be a suffi-
cient reason why Mr. Preston S. Brooks should
be justified in assuming what would have been
otherwise a remedy that .belonged to the .honor-
able Senator from South Carolina himself, in
consideration either of his age, which is venerated
by all men, or of his absence from the' Capitol.
When you haVe gone thus far, you have orily
reached the point that Mr. Preston S.'Brooks
has proved his title to call the offender to Account,
according to the laWs of the" country and before
its legal tribunals, for ah offense; if ahy had been
committed by Mr. Sumner; nothing more.
But, sir, by what law, by what statute, is it
that Mr, Preston,S. Brooks tries, convicts, and
punishes offenses upon his own prosecution ? Is
it by the Constitution ? If po, let honorable Sen-
ators show me that passage in the Constitution '
which defines the language that lies within the'
rules of parliamentary courtesy and propriety^
and the language that lies beyond those rules.
Let them cite the precedents, the authorities,
showing how far I may speak'attd be safe, and :
when I encounter the danger of this fearful pun-
ishment. The books are silent; there are no
books of law, no authorities, no commentaries on
this point. , Will the honorable Senators next
show me that provision of the law which meas-
ures out the' crime in its several degrees of first,
second, third, and fourth degrees Of calumny, or'
slander, or vituperation, and assigns to. each its :
■espective punishment? Iftd speak disrespect-
fully of one honorable Senator entitles a Senator
to punishment, pray how maiiy gripes shall he
have? Five ? Then how many if two Seiiators '
are offended? If one State is assailed, and that
entitles the offender to twenty Wows with a gtitfca
percha cane, pray what is the smallest number,
with which an offender can be let off who assails
a whole section of the Union ?
Once more; sir, by what right is' it thkt this
principle of consanguinity is adopted, in' the ap-
pointment of the offender to be a judge ? Whence
comes it in this enlightened day—in this civilised
age—that a relation, a kinartlaft of a party in-
jured, is allowed to take into his own hands the
redress of the injuries of his kinsman ? I find no
such thihg in this Constitution of the United ■
