1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gl
States think otherwise. It would be just as wise
for the people of the southern States to say to
them: " Why,you havegot infamousandunjust
and atrocious laws, which will be ruinous to your
population and their character," as it is for us to
say so to the people of Kansas, or any other people
on earth. I think—if I am not mistakenunder the
guidance of the venerable Senator who sits at my
right [Mr. Cass]—it was insisted from time to
time that any portion of the American people
who are assembled and claim to be a political
community, should be treated as such, and should
be allowed to legislate for themselves in their own
way.
Mr. CASS. I never maintained anything like
it—never.
Mr. MASON. I did not mean to state any
specific doctrine of the Senator; but my impres-
sion (I did not ascribe it with any feeling of any
kind in the world) was, that this was a political
theory of his; and I was about to say that for a
time I gave in to it to some extent.
Mr. CASS. The Senator d oes not mean to
misrepresent me; I know his honor and intelli-
gence; but he wholly misunderstood me. If he
had taken any pains to examine my speech on
the subject, he would understand that I never
maintained any such doctrine—that is, what was
baptized here as " squatter sovereignty." I do
not believe in what is called squatter sovereignty
to that extent. I believe in the right of man to
govern himself; but I do not believe in the right
of any body of men in any part of this Union to
start up and call themselves a community, and
legislate for themselves. The most extreme point
to which the doctrine was carried, in my opinion,
was in the case of California, to which I cheer-
fully assented. I repeat now what I said then,
in substance, that if a community under your
supervision and direction is without law and gov-
ernment, and you will not give one to them, they
have, by the laws of God and man, aright to
form a political community for themselves and
govern themselves; but if you do your duty they
ought to obey your laws.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not think
I have misstated the Senator's position, as he
has restated it, in the slightest degree. I was
about to add that, in the ca^e of the law of 1854,
to some extent, I gave in to it. In doing so, I
sought to avoid a greater evil by submitting to a
lesser one. But be that as it may, the law of
1854 does concede to this people the right to frame
their own legislation for the government of their
own domestic affairs, including the institution of
slavery, as well as every other subject that is
interesting or necessary in political communities,
subject only to the Constitution and the laws of
the United States.
Now, I cannot but think that any legislation
which we. may attempt here, for the control of
the people of Kansas, (however so not intended,)
will be legislation in bad faith, because it will be
in derogation of the clear faith of the law of 1854.
What right have we to denounce their legislation
as atrocious and infamous, or as unwise and in-
expedient' If it is against the Constitution,_our
revisory power, which is wisely reserved, might
be pioperly exercised; or if it is against any ex- |
isting law of the United States, it might be prop- |
erly exercised; but when it pertains to their do-
mestic relations nlone, and they have considered
it wise and expedient to enact it in order to pre-
serve the peace and avoid insurrection, to guard
the public morals, or for any other reason, that
we should interpose our superior wisdom, and
say their laws are to be revoked or annulled, I
cannot but think is somewhat in bad faith to this
people.
If there had been in the bill of 1854 what was
called squatter sovereignty, nothing could have
reconciled me to it; fori should have looked upon
it as a greater evil than any which, in my judg-
mentjit was intended to avoid; but the legislation
there is required to be m subordination not only
to the Constitution, but to the laws of the para-
mount authority of the United States. I shall
object, therefore, to any legislation here in refer-
ence to the people of Kansas, unless, at least, it
could be much more considered than it ispossiblc
for us to consider it in this fragment of a session
into which we have been, I believe, necessarily
drawn.
But again, sir, what is the present posture of
affairs ? ^ We were told by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, and justly so, the other day, that
we are in a crisis in the public fortunes of this
country, and in the fortunes of the Government
under which we live. We have been told from
many quarters (and I agree) that the movement
which has been made to indulge this public sen-
timent represented in the House of Represent-
atives, is a revolutionary movement in its char-
acter; that, if it succeeds, it will be a precedent
by which the popular branch will engross all
political power, and the States represented here
will be put at defiance, and the Government, to
that extent, will be overturned; the wedge will
have been introduced into the block, and it will
require but a few more blows to rive it, and change
our Government from what it was designed to be
under the Constitution. This is a revolutionary
movement. I am one of those who think it
should be met on the threshold, and not one step
taken retrograde^on our part. It should not be
allowed to go into precedent to the slightest
extent. As to its paralyzing the military arm of
the Government, bad as that is, it is infinitely
better that one arm should be paralyzed for the
time, than that the seeds of decay and dissolution
should be thrown into the trunk. Sir, unless we
can pass what has aptly been called here a
" clean" bill for the Army—a bill of an appro-
priative character exclusively—I should infinitely
prefer passing no bill whatever; and would appeal
from what I believe this to be—a factious, acci-
dental, transient public opinion in the non-slave-
holding States, as represented in the popular
branch, to the States themselves, as represented
here. I would make the appeal without any fear
whatever.
It is my purpose, Mr. President—and, there-
fore, I refrain from going far into the debate—to
move to lay the bill and amendment on the table;
and I feel it incumbent on me, if no other gentle-
man does, to make the same motion in regard to
every proposition of every kind that contains any
concession to those who are endeavoring to carry
into effect the revolutionary views of that popu-
lar sentiment to which 1 have alluded. When it
is done, and the Army bill is passed, if it is to
pass at all, I shall listen with respect—great re-
spect, and will go into deliberation with gentle-
men who desire to go into deliberation, on the
propriety or impropriety of legislating on the
subject of affairs m Kansas; but not till then.
Flow we are to legislate, or whether we are to
legislate at all, is a matter for myself, at least, for
subsequent consideration. It has been asked by
many genllemen and asked very considerately
and gravely — amongst others, I think, by my
honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] for whose judgment and opinions I have
habitual respect—are we to do nothing for Kan-
sas; are we to leave things as they are; are we to
allow these people to shed each other's blood, and
not interpose? Mr. President, we have made
Kansas for the time being a political community.
We have conceded to her people the right to pass
their own laws, and to be governed by those laws.
We have no right to say they are incapable of
self-government, and to interpose in their behalf
to shield them, one from the oilier. I know, as
I have no doubtothergentlemen know,that what-
ever may be the state of things in Kansas, the
accounts come to us in the most perverted, inflated,
and exaggerated form. We hear every day, and
human nature advises us that it is true, in the
general, that on the eve of an election, where we j
stand now, opposing parties are putting forth
everything to inflame and to unsettle the public
mind on every subject; and I have abundant rea-
son to believe, that the game is played upon no
subject more frequently and urgently than it is in
reference to Kansas affairs.
It is notcompctentforthe General Government
to interpose in the States to put down transient
mobs that arise. In the large cities we have them
almost weekly. What is the State of California?
There is an organized political community, a
State, asoveieiftn State, possessing and exercising
every power of government over the people within
the State. What is their condition ? It is said
that a body of four or five thousand men in the
city of San Francisco have now in their hands a
power before which the power of the State quails.
This may be some transient heavmgs of popular
liberty, misguided, misdirected, aimed against
the law; transient, however—always transient
before the intelligence, and the wisdom, and the
mind of the American people everywhere. But
have we any right to interpose there? It is a
delicate thing to interpose; kuown to be so by the
Constitution, strictlyand rigidly guarded, to pre-
vent the Federal Government from interposing to
allay these transient excitements that may exist
in the States everywhere. Sir, I believe in my
conscience if we were to pass any laws here in
reference to Kansas now, we should do infinitely
more harm than good, be the statutes there what
they may, by exciting and inflaming the minds
of that people whom we now claim to be under
pupilage, though by the law of 1854 we gave them
full power to govern themselves. For one, sir,
as 1 am at present advised, and strongly im-
pressed, J think it would be inexpedient and
unwise in the highest degree to enter into any
legislation whatever for Kansas of any kind,
until we have the Army appropriation bill passed.
Then, if any gentleman thinks it desirable, or
wise, or expedient, for one 1 will cheerfully go
into deliberation with him to know if anything
is to be done, and what it«is.
I move that the bill and amendment lie on the
table, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senator will not
press that motion. Other Senators may desire to
be heard.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WELLER. I have only a few words to
say in reply to the honorable S'enator from Vir-
ginia. I am very sorry that he regards this bill
as calculated to encourage the revolutionary feel-
ing that is now abroad in the country. I am
certain that I am one of the last Senators on this
floor who would contribute towards the excite-
ment which unhappily divides and distracts por-
tions of this country. I would to God that I
could restore peace and quietude to it. The effect
of this bill is simply again to do what the Senate
did some four or five weeks ago. The Senate
regarded those acts passed by the Legislative
Council of Kansas Territory as not only unjust
in their character, and oppressive upon the peo-
ple, but in derogation of the organic law, and in
violation of the Constitution of the United States.
Some of these acts are revolting to every feeling
of humanity, and grew out of the intensity of
excitement produced by the extraordinary efforts
made by New England aid societies to control
the political destinies of Kansas. Enraged to
madness by their efforts, the pro-slavery Legis-
lature enacted laws which all right-minded men,
all true patriots, must condemn.
Sir, these laws violate the Constitution—some
of them its letrcr, and others its spirit. Is not
freedom of speech guarantied by the Federal
Constitution to all the people of America; and is
there not a law in the Territory of Kansas which
comes directly m conflict with that provision of
the Constitution, and declares that the people
there shall not be allowed to discuss a particular
question upon which, ere long, they must be
callcd to decider You have conceded, by the
terms of the organic act, to the people of Kansas
the exclusive right of determining for themselves
what character shall be given to their domestic
institutions; yet under that law organizing the
Territory you have a legislative act prohibiting
the discussion of the question upon which they
alone can decide. I say, and 1 repeat, that such
a law is an infamous law. This may be in bad
taste, according to the notions of my friend from
j Virginia, but I choose to repeat, that it is the
i most atrocious act that ever found its way upon
i the statute-book of any free people, in any age
; of the world; and I choose to say so here. Yes,
i sir, I say it here. When I find laws that are in
t direct conflict with the Constitution of the United
; States — laws denying the freedom of speech — I
j do not propose to wait for the judgment of your
J judicial tribunals. The Senator from Virginia
i tells me that it is a judicial question, and when
I passed upon by the courts of the United States,
' he will acquiesce in tho decision.
i Mr. MASON. Clearly.
j Air. WELLER. When, according to the con-
; victions of my judgment, I find an act clearly un-
constitutional, I will wipe it from the statute-book
without waiting to hear the judgment of your
judiciary. Wipe it out, sir; that is the word!
Herein is the difference between the Senator from
