674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
bureau, and printed for the use of the House, be
furnished to that bureau. But, even if it were to
encroach upon the numbers printed for the use of
members, let me suggest to the gentleman from
New York whether the public interest does not
demand their preservation, and their being placed
in the hands of those who can make use of them ?
But I believe that will not be its operation.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman will allow me
one inquiry further. I want to know—and per-
haps that will cover the whole ground—whether
this is a proposition to print fifty copies of these
documents in addition to the regular number
printed for the use of the House ?
Mr. QUITMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIAVEN. Then I have no objection
whatever.
Mr. FLAGLER. I have no objection to the
object sought to be attained by this resolution,
but I think it ought to be amended so as to state
expressly upon its face that this distribution of
documents shall be made from among those or-
dered for the use of the House. As it now stands,
the question may be raised as to whether the
Clerk or engineer department may contract for
the printing of these fifty copies. I would sug-
gest that modification. In that shape I have 110
sort of objection to it. I think the distribution
of these documents should be made out of the
number ordered by the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. It is intended to apply only
to the documents ordered to be printed by the
House.
The resolution was adopted.
CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for tlie use of the House
ten thousand copies of the documents and correspondence
between the Government of Gie.it linuiin and the United
States relating to Central American aflans, which were
communicated to the present Cungros by the Piesident
with his annual menage ; and <iW> of the eouesjiondence
concerning an arbitiation of the Central Ameuean <|iie*tlon ;
and of the correspondence m regard to recruiting lot the
British army witlim the United States, together with the
documents and evidence relative to that subject communi-
cated to the Senate on the S28th of I-Vbi uary, 185G; and of
the confession of Henry Hertz, made afrer conviction to
the distnct com t of the United States at Philadelphia on
tho 11 til day of Octohci, It*."),"), and nt the sovcial papeis ic- ]
ferred to in, and made pait of, that confession ; ami of the
HKlp of Cential America prepaied under the direction of the
Coast Suivey ollioe—the said document to be punted m
one volume.
CONTESTED ELECTION ILLINOIS.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution-, which was
road, considered, and agreed to:
Jic-oh-rd, That the Committee of Elections report to this
Uoum! what action has been hail by said committee m the
conte*;redre!e<'non c:w! ot Aic Iter vs. Alien, m the seventh
congressional di-tuet of the State of Illinois.
COMMUNICATIONS OKDEKKD TO BK PRINTED.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ot*Ohio, by unanimous eon-
sent, presented from the Committee of Ways and
Means various communications sent to that com-
mittee by the Departments relative to appropri-
ations; which were referred to said committee,
and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. MACE. I ask the consent of the X-Iouse
to offer the following resolution:
Jlaolvcd, That the Dooikeeper be, and he is lieieby,
autlunimi to appoint the follow urn a.'H-Uuits, to wit O.io
additional elrik for folding rnom-'-alniy <~1.200 pei annum;
two additional public foldets, eacii o1 whom shall he allow cd
50 per day; two additional mossensoi-rf for the ladnV
gallflies; two additional messengers ior the gentlemen's
^alienes, and siv additional pages.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the introduction
of that resolution.
Mr. MACE. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and (two-thirds not
having voted in the affirmative) the rules were
not suspended.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CARLILE, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill
amendatory of an act entitled an "Act in addition
to certain acts granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1855; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
CLERIC FOR COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAND
CLAIMS.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be authorized to employ a clerk for such portion of the
present Congress as they may deem piopcr, on the same
terms as was authorized by the resolution passed by this
House on the 5tli clay of January, 1855. j
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I object, and /all for
the regular order of business. /
KANSAS ELECTION.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the following; resolu-
tion, reported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con-
tested-election case from the Territory of Kansas, he, and
are hereby, ompowciod to send forper?ons <in<l papeis, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or afihmation.
To which the following amendment was of-
fered as a substitute by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Bennett:]
Resolnad, That Joseph II. Bradley and Sidney S. Baxter,
Esqs., of the city of Washington, be, and they aie hereby,
appointed commissioners foi and on behalf of this House,
to take depositions and obtain proccss by taking copies of
all such documents as maybe de&hed by either paity, or
their agents or attorneys, jn re«aul to the contested seat of
Hon. Mr. WlnUield, as*Delegate ior Kansas, undei the peti-
tion of Hon. Mi. lleeder; that said Bradley and Baxter be,
and theyaie herein*, clothed with full power to adopt all
needful means to elicit cleat and lull pi oof upon all points
which the parties lcspcctively may submit to them as facts
they, or either of them, desire to establish or controvert;
that they shall give to the paities respectively wutten and
leasonable notice of the time and place at which they will
be ready to proceed m taking such depositions, and may
adjourn the same to other tunes and places as, in their judg-
ment and discietion, will tend to the full and perfect elicit-
ing of the tiuth touching all such contioveited matters;
and that, when they shall have completed their labois, they
leport the same to this Uou>e.
The question pending is upon the motion of
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Bennett]
to recommit to the Committee of Elections, with
the following instructions:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in examining
and judging of the election-*, leturns. and qualifications"
of poisons elaiuimg to have been elected Representatives of
States, or Delegates ot Tciulones which have been duly
organized by Confess, shall exclude trom their considera-
tion the claims ot all pei^ons who fail to show that the elec-
tion undei winch they claim to have Ik en elected a Repre-
sentative or Delegate was held m puisuanee ot the laws of
the v?tate or Teuitory souolu to be lepjoMMited by t-ueh
claimant or claimants oi \va* elected in pui-uancc of a law
ot the United States for the government of sueh election.
Resolved Jurther, Tnat m the opinion ot this House no
Representative of a State of the Union, and no Delegate of a
Temtoiy oignmzed by Congress, can rightfully be admitted
to a seat in this Homo except m pursuance of huv.
Resolved f aither, That the Committee of Elections aie
hereby instnu'ted to pursue their investigations m accord-
ance with the foregoing principles.
Mr. GALLOWAY, who was entitled to the
floor, then addresse 1 the House for one hour on
the subject. His speech will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I am satisfied that
this question lias been discussed sufficiently, and
1 therefore call the previous question.
Mr. VALlv. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw it.
Mr. MARSHALL. As the gentleman from
Now York lias not yet made his debut upon this
floor, 1 am not inclined to press my demand.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, t would sayto
the gentleman from Kesitucky, that I would like
to say a word myself upon the subject.
Mr. MARSHALL. "Will the gentleman from
New York renew the demand for the previous
question ?
Mr. VALK. I will.
Mi. RICHARDSON. I would also like to
make a f-'W remarks.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, I withdraw the
demand.
Air. VALK denied that any case had been
presented that would authorize the House to con-
fer upon the Committee of Elections the power
they had asked of the House. The President of
the United States had recognized the laws of Kan-
sas; and it was a ridiculous farce to pretend that
the Legislature of that Territory was nota Legis-
lature, and that its enactments were not laws.
His speech will be published in the Appendix.
The debate wa^ continued by Messrs. ROBI-
SON and RICHARDSON. Their remarks are
withheld for revision, and will appear in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. MILLSON. It may be recollected, Mr.
Speaker, that, when a similar resolution to that
now under consideration was first reported by
the Committee of Elections, I took occasion to
express my views on the subject, and to give the
reasons which, on the instant, occurred to my
mind why the extraordinary powers asked for
should not be granted to that committee. I should
not have spoken on this subject again but for the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio [Air. Gal-
loway] this morning. I have but a few words
to say, sir, and those altogether in reference t.
what was said by that gentleman.
I have not found reason to change the opinions*
I expressed at the commencement of this debate
Indeed, sir, if I maybe allowed to judge, I would
say that the arguments that have been urged by
those gentlemen who have opposed the granting
of the power asked for by the committee have,
up to this moment, been unanswered; and the dis
cussion has, for the most part, been proceeded
in, not so much for the pitrposc of .showing that
there is any actual necessity or propriety in con-
ferring upon the committee the powers they ask,
as with the view of awakening the prejudices of
gentlemen in this House on the general subject
of slavery, and on the particular subject of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. I deem it, then, altogether
unnecessary to attempt to add anything to the
argument which more properly belongs to the
subjects before us.
The gentleman from Ohio was pleased this
morning to advert to what he supposed were the
opinions entertained by the people of Virginia, at
no very remote period, respecting slavery; and
among the authorities quoted by him was that of
a gentleman who once represented m the Legis-
lature the section of the State in which I myself
reside. He read an extract from a speech of this
gentleman, from which it would seem that he en-
tertained the opinion that the institution of sla-
very in Virginia was regarded by himself—and,
it might be inferred, by his constituents also—as
a curse to the State. Sir, I want to let the gen-
tleman [Mr. Galloway] understand that these
discussions wore induced by a very melancholy
calamity, which many years ago befell one of the
counties of the district which 1 now represent—a
calamity originating in the superstition and fanat-
icism of an ignorant slave; and that these discus-
sions were, if not the necessary, at least the nat-
ural, consequences of that event.
But I would not have the gentleman to infer,
and 1 do not want the House to suppose, that the
sentiments attributed to the gentleman to whom
I have just referred were approved by his con-
stituents. Sir, I have the best means of knowing
that those opinions, coming, though they did,
from a highly respectable and worthy gentleman,
were not approved by his constituents.
The gentleman also commented, with earnest
manner, and in impassioned language, upon the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. Sir, nothing can better
illustrate the obliquity of the human judgment,
and the lengths to which political and sectional
antagonism will sometimes hurry us, than the
positions which have been assumed by northern
and by southern gentlemen on the Nebraska bill,
on which the gentleman from Ohio discoursed so
warmly. Sir, 1 may suggest to the gentleman,
that the very favor with which the principles of
this bill have been regarded by gentlemen from
the southern States is, in a great measure, due to
the somewhat extraordinary opposition to it ynan-
lfcstod by gentlemen from the opposite section of
the country. These gentlemen seem to be much
more distressed at the comparatively slight inva-
sion of those principles which they hold, than
gentlemen from the South have been at the great
and important concessions and sacrifices which
have been made by themselves. Is it that you
have more sensibility than the men of the South,
that you are excited while we are calm? Is it
that you cling to your ancient principles wuh
more fondness than we do? Or is it that you are
jealous of our supposed triumph over you? If
this be so, then I say that, if you have any pride of
section tu gratify—if you have any spirit of envy
II to appease—turn your eyes on us, and be consoled.
See what we have lost, what we have surren-
11 dercd, what we have sacrificed ' What have been
11 your losses compared with ours? If violence
