32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26.
Virginia and myself. I desire to do all I can to
abrogate those laws which contravene the Con-
stitution that you and I have sworn to support.
Mr. President, although those people were in-
vested with the power of legislation, it was pre-
scribed in the very terms of the organic law that
their legislation should be in conformity with the
Constitution of the United States. I say it has
not been in conformity with that Constitution.
Now let me ask the Senator whether I am doing
anything towards increasing the excitement which
pervades a portion of this country by proposing
to abrogate laws that do not receive the judgment
of a solitary Senator on this floor? I ask the Sena-
tor from Virginia whether he justifies those acts—
whether, if he were a member of the Legislative
Council of Kansas, he woultfhave voted for them?
Mr. MASON. I have not read the laws; but
if there are laws there prohibiting; conversations,
or speeches, or discussions, public or private, on
topics which the Legislature thinks ought not to
be a subject of discussion or conversation, I say
leave it to them to decide for themselves; I pass
no judgment on it. I am the better satisfied to
leave it to them, knowing that, if their acts be in
contravention of the Constitution, the judiciary
will annul them. That is the theory of our Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the Legisla-
tive Council of Kansas was created by Congress.
We invested them with the power which they
are exercising under our law. If they have
violated that organic law, or if they have viola-
ted the Constitution, I think there is an obligation
resting on us to annul their enactments to that
extent. This is my opinion. I should place a
much higher estimate on the opinion of my
friend, if he had taken the trouble to read the
laws to which I refer.
But, sir, this bill is not now upon its passage.
I know not what may be its fate. I have intro-
duced it from a solemn conviction of duty, with-
out consultation — without the advice of those
with whom 1 am politically associated. I shall
be content with the discharge of this duty, in
doing all in my power to wipe out acts which
disgrace the age in which they have been passed.
I prefer, however, that this bill shall be defeated,
if at all, upon its merits—not by indirection. It
is not necessary to refer it to the Committee on
Territories, because all these propositions have
been before that committee; and the very bill
which I introduced, received its sanction, and
was ingrafted into the bill of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] reported by them, anil
enacted, so far as the Senate is concerned, into a
law. There is, then, no necessity for sending it
to that committee, unless the objcct be to prevent
action upon it.
Mr. KUTLEIt. I shall not occupy move than
ten minutes of the time of the Senate; but I
desire to say a few words, which will show my
consistency throughout the whole of the discus-
sion, and all the indications in reference to the
government of Kansas.
When !• came to the Senate of the United
States, and was placed on the Judiciary Commit-
tee, the laws of all the Territories were referred
to that committee. We inspected them with a
full understanding that the territorial government,
whatever it might be, derived its powers ftom
Congress, and from an act of Congress; and that,
being derivative in tlu-ir natuic, they were revo-
cable like any other power of attorney. If I can
understand one thing from another, a different
opinion was suggested by some gentlemen; and!
the opinion certainly obtained through the press,
that, when you once organized a territorial gov-
ernment, you invested it with an irrevocable
power—not of sovereignty—t will not say that,
becadse my friend from Michigan never went so
far as that, nor do I know that he went so far as
to say those laws might not be subject to the
judgment of Congtess. But, sir, when we put
into operation this territorial government, it was
under a charter emanating from Congress. It
had no powers which it did not derive from Con-
gress—no more than we 3iad ourselves. 1 never
conceded to the notion of squatter sovereignty,
as it was called; but 1 say they had no power but
what they derived from the act itself, and to that
they must refer for all their powers. It was very
full. We gave them an amplitude of jurisdiction
by that bill, supposing that they, an Anglo-Saxon
race, familiar with the doctrincs of the common
law, a people accustomed to the obligations of the
Federal Constitution, were capable of self-gov-
ernment. We were willing to confer on them an
amplitude of jurisdiction scarcely known before
in the history of the legislation of this country.
I conferred it. I conferred it, however, with a
distinct understanding, that if at any time they
passed laws that were unconstitutional, or in vio-
lation of the bill of rights, I never could, con-
sistently with the opinions I then entertained and
expressed, give up all control to them, so lar as
regards these cardinal questions. But if, in rela-
tion to particularstatutory'laws, we are to amend,
control, and modify them at any session we
please, we had better abrogate the whole Kansas
act, and leave it to Congress to legislate, from
time to time. If, because one act does not please
us, we sweep it out, and if, because another does
please us, we adopt it, then, if they do not alto-
gether have such laws as we like, we can abolish
them all. This would be to say that we gave the
Fower, and can resume it arbitrarily at pleasure.
t is a palpable contradiction.
The general bill of rights of my friend from
California is no more, in my opinion, than would
obtain in any community professing to be gov-
erned by the Constitution of the United States.
I have heard many of the Kansas laws hinted at;
I have read some of them; and I am asked, as a
legislator, whether, on my responsibility, I would
approve them. I would say no. Whether, how-
ever, I would undertake to modify or to amend
them, is another matter; that is a very different
province. If you put a government in operation,
with the machinery of courts, and all the other
appliances peculiar to a free government, 1 will
trust to that government until it does wrong.
They cannot do wrong if they are governed by
the Constitution of the United States. It is im-
possible. If they have passed laws which are,
as they are said to be; objectionable to a degree
offensive to morality, as well as violative of the
Constitution of the United States, I say those
laws will fall harmless; they will never touch, in
my opinion, any man, before any jury, whether
it be a jury of slaveholders or non-slaveholders.
If discussed before a jury on high considerations,
the man tried under such laws as 1 have heard
indicated would come off harmless, if the judge
did his duty. If ho did not do his duty, certainly
there would be an appeal.
But we are afraid to trust the judicial tribunals
of that Territory. After we have put into oper-
ation a government, we are afraid to trust it; and
when wo find it does not square exactly with our
notions, we amend it. That was not my idea
when this law went into operation. I voted for
it distinctly on the broad ground that I conferred
all the power 1 had, and that I could confer none
which I did not have. We subjected this people
to the Constitution only, and the judicial modes
of ascertaining what the Constitution was. In
that point of view, 1 could not consistently vote
to repeal this law or that law. I may be asked
whether I go so far as to contend that this charter
is irrevocable—that it confers on this people such
power that it can never be revoked. I say no such
thing. _ As long as the Territory is in its incipient
state, it has no such condition as Mr. Grote
speaks of among the different Grecian States—no
such right as what is called autonomy, to give
themselves existence. They cannot have that
until they become a State. Then the autonomy
which has been contended for in the form of
squatter sovereignty applies. It was contended
ut once that they had it. When it was contended
for, I met the argument that they became a self-
existent community from the time of the territo-
rial organization. 1 never went so far as that.
During the territorial existence 1 have never sup-
posed they had that autonomous character which
is spoken of by the civilians. Now, if we un-
dertake to legislate on these subjects the whole
experiment is gone. I could vote for this general
bill of rights of my friend from California. lam
entirely willing to enact that as a rebuke, and in
some measure as an indication, to the Legislature.
Beyond that 1 could not go.
Mr. BROWN. When this section was moved
as an amendment to the last Kansas bill, reported
from the Committee on Territories, 1 was one of
three who voted against it. I was opposed to it
then; I am opposed to it now; and mean to vote
against it in any form in which it can be presented.
When we passed the original Kansas act, we de-
clared to all the world that the people of the Ter-
ritories had the right to make laws for themselves,
subject only to the limitations of the Constitution.
When we were asked what is meant by the lim-
itations of the Constitution, and who is to determ-
ine what are those limitations, we answered on
all sides that is a question to be determined by
the courts. Never once by any living man was
it asserted that Congress was to be the judge as
to what the limitations of the Constitution were,.
Now, gentlemen come in and tell us that because,
in their judgment,* the laws of Kansas do not
conform to the Constitution, we are callcd upon,
and needs must obey the call, to overturn those
laws.
Now, sir, I do not pretend to say that I would
vote for such laws. I would not. I do not pre-
tend to say that I approve of the laws as they
stand. I do not approve of them. What I
contend for, is simply that that is none of my
business. The people of Kansas have-passed
those laws. If any portion of the citizens there
are dissatisfied with them, they have precisely
the same remedy which you and I, if we had
gone to the Territory, would have had if laws
had been passed obnoxious to us. They have
their right to appeal to the Supreme Court; and if
that right is not amply secured by the present
legislation of the country, I am ready to secure it
in the amplest manner possible. I stand prepared
to guaranty any sort of appeal which the people
of Kansas, or any portion of them, may desire
to prosecute. I would even go to the extent of
putting these appeal cases at the head of the
docket, and requiring the Supreme Court to hear
and determine them in advance of all other cases;
but I am not willing, and will not, on my respons-
ibility as a legislator here, interpose with a decla-
ration that these laws are unconstitutional, and
that, therefore, I am not only called upon, but
imperatively bound, to blot them from the statute-
book. The Senator from California says these
laws are disgraceful to the age in which we live,
and that he is ready to wipe them from the statute-
book. Sir, if the Wilmot proviso had been
passed, of they had laws excluding slavery from
the Territory, I should have regarded such laws
as unconstitutional; but if I had come heie and
asked Senators to help me to repeal such legisla-
tion, would they have done it? Would they not
have told me, "according to the original bill you
are remitted to the courts for your remedy; if any
constitutional right of yours has been invaded,
appeal to the couit&j-eeck your remedy there, and
if you obtain it, we acquiesce; if you fail, you
must submit." That measure of justice which
you would mete out to me or my people, mefe out
to others and their people. That measure of jus-
tice which you would mete out to the South mete
out to the North, and then there will be no just
ground of com plaint any where. I ask you whether
you are going to say to the southern States, " if
the legislation be against you, you must abide by
it until you can have overturned it m court;" and
to the people of the northern States, " if the legis-
lation be against your prejudices or your princi-
ples, you have but to appeal to Congiess, and
Congress will set the matter all right for you?"
Sir, I regard this as flagrantly unjust—as one of
the most unjust propositions, all things consid-
ered, that has ever been brought before this body.
It is not only yielding to a wild spirit which is
threatening to overturn the institutions of the
country, thereby encouraging that spirit to go on
to still further aggression, but it is, in my judg-
ment, a palpable, downright, outrageous disre-
gard of the rights of one half of the Union.
There is but one point, in my judgment, upon
which this proceeding can be justified; and that
is the point taken by the free-soil portion of this
body. If they are right that this whole legisla-
tion is the work of usurpation and tyranny—if
they are right in the supposition that persons
thrust themselves into the Territory and arbi-
trarily made laws under which they do not mean
to live and under which they are not living,—then
it is your duty to interpose and wipe all the laws
from the statute-book; not only those which are
obnoxious, but those which would otherwise be
acceptable, upon the broad ground that it was a
usurpation and a tyranny. I hold that you have
no right to discriminate. One Senator rises and
