THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 28, 1856.
New Series ffo. 3.
says, " this law is obnoxious to me,"and forth-
with the Senate blots it out. Another rises and
says, " this is obnoxious to me," and you blot
that out. And when you have blotted out enough
to obtain a majority of the Senate, there you stop.
There are still complaining Senators, still Sen-
ators, representatives from States, who say
"there are other laws obnoxious." Why not
listen to their complaints and wipe out those laws
also ?
Sir, if I believed, with the Senators on the other
side of the Chamber, that unauthorized persons
had made these laws, and now refused to live
under them, I should go with the Senator from
Massachusetts, not only for blotting out the
obnoxious portion, but all the other, and giving
a new stall to the government; but I believe no
such thing; I have seen no evidence of it. I
believe that the Legislature which made those
laws was as fair a Legislature of Kansas as ever
represented so new a people anywhere. That
there were irregularities in the election is true
beyond all doubt. These irregularities happen
in old, and well-settled, and well-organized com-
munities. Can you expect more regularity in a
Territory, situated as Kansas is, than in a btate?
It was the Legislature of the Territory. Some
of its members doubtlessly were irregularly
chosen, but it represented tie people of Kansas,
and it was their only representative. It passed
these laws. The next election comes off in
October—only a little more than a month from
to-day. If the people of Kansas are not satisfied
with these laws, let them repeal them, as a dis-
satisfied party ill a State repeals their laws.
What I maintain is, that you have no right to
interfere. Under your grant to the Territory, it
had the same right to pass laws for itself which
u State had to pass laws for itself. It has the
same right to pass laws for itself which Massa-
chusetts, or Virginia, or any other State, has to
pass laws to govern people within its own limits.
I dare say the gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber think there are many statutes on the
Virginia statute-book that are outrageous; but
would you call upon the Senate to wipe them out?
Would you call upon Congress to interfere?
Massachusetts complained of certain legislation
of South Carolina, and the imprisonment of what
she chose to call her colored citizens, but, she
nev*ur asked Congress to repeal the act of South
Carolina, I believe. Why ? Because South Car-
olina had a right to pass outrageous laws, if she
chose to do so, and govern her people by them.
Congress had no business to interpose.
Now, if the principle upon which you passed
your Kansas bill was the correct principle, that
the people had the right to pass such laws as they
chose to pass, subject only to the limitations of
the Constitution; and if it was true, as you said,
that the limitations of the Constitution were to
be determined by the courts, and not by Con-
gress, under what pretense do you bring this bill
here, and ask for action upon it? The people
have legislated; you think they have legislated
erroneously; but there is no appeal but to the
court to overturn their legislation.
I do not care to pursue this subject, it opens
a wide field for debate. It opens up all the prin-
ciples on which the Territories are governed, it
involves all our ideas of the powers of govern-
ment. I am not going to run off into this branch
of the subject. I plant myself upon the contract
which we entered into in passing the original
Kansas bill. Sir, the people of the Territory have
no rioht to legislate for themselves, if you exer-
cise a supervisory control to overturn their legis-
lation whenever you are dissatisfied with it. My
venerable friend from Michigan maintained this
morning as he has always maintained, that the
people have a right—I understand him to say it
is a sovereign right of the people—to make laws
for themselves; but when they make the laws,
and if th<>y do not meet the approbation of my
friend from Michigan, he comes in and throws
them overboard.
Mr. CASS. I never said that.
Mr. BROWN. But you act it.
Mr. CASS. I never acted it.
Mr. BROWN. Does not my friend from
Michigan admit that the people of Kansas have
a right to pass laws for themselves ?
Mr. CASS. I am not going to discuss this
matter, as I am rather a point of attack to-day.
I wish to observe, that I maintain, as I have
always done, that the people of Kansas have cer-
tain inalienable rights secured by the Constitu-
tion. I maintain that, in a Territory, American
citizens have no right to institute a government
of themselves, unless driven to it by your neglect.
I maintain that, when you do institute a govern-
ment, they may then go on and exercise govern-
mental powers, which powers they do not derive
from you, but from the Constitution. You give
them the means to exercise them. That has been
my doctrine. gg|
"Now, Mr. President, I am not*oing to touch
the point of the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, but merely to vindicate myself. I believe
that the people of the Territory of Kansas have
the right to exercise their domestic privileges, if
I may so term them, for themselves, and you
have no right to interfere; but I believe that if
the Congress of the United States pass a law,
they have the same right to see that that law is
faithfully executed which they had to pass it.
Whether you derive your power from one clause
of the Constitution or another to establish a ter-
ritorial government, you have the same right to
take care that that government is faithfully exe-
cuted. Then, if the Territorial Legislature pass
laws which are in the very face of the Constitu-
: tion and in the face of your organic act, it is my
! opinion that Congress has a right to correct their
! error.
j Mr. BROWN. I so understood my friend. I
I do not tlunk there is any difference at ail between
his understanding of himself and my understand-
] ing of his opinions. I am not quarreling with
I him about it; but my own mind is so obtuse that j
j itfails or refuses to perceive thedifterence between ;
I the position of my friend as stated by himself and
as stated by me.
The people of the Territory either have the
I right to make laws for themselves or they have
j not. If they have the right to do it, I maintain
j that you have no right to overturn their laws;
because, if, whenever they run counter to your
views, and they make laws which you do not
approve, you have the right to overturn then),
that very right, it appears to me, involves the
other right of making the laws for them m the
beginning, in advance. It you have the right to
say that their laws are either good or bad, accord-
ing to your judgment, and to be^ maintained or
not maintained, as you choose, it certainly em-
braces the inferior right of saying, in the begin-
ning, what sort of laws they shall have; because
you do not allow them to have any but what you
say are good, and you might as well not go
through this—I do not know what to call it, but
it seems to me to be a sort of tomfoolery, allow-
ing the people to pass certain laws, and then, when
they are presented to you, you say, "just such
as we approve may go on, and such as we do not
approve we will wipe out." It would be a shorter
way to tell them, in advance, " here are our no-
tions of what laws you ought to have; take them
and be content." _ I do not know what becomes
of squatter sovereignty, popular sovereignty, and
all that. When we act thus, it seems to me that
I all goes by the board. My opinion of popular
; sovereignty is, that the people have the right to
i legislate for themselves. My opinion is, that
i if squatter sovereignty be right, ihe squatters,
| whether they be the real people ot the country or
! such fellows as these Missouricins—men of whom
our Fiee-Soil friends on the other side of the
) Chamber complain so much—had the right to pass
laws. If the more limited and acceptable sense of
the term " popular sovereignty" means that the
i people of the Territory may make laws for them-
II selves, subject, as we said ill the Kansas bill, to
'■ the limitations of the Constitution, and when we
come to fix those limitations they ought to go, not
to the Senate and House of Representatives, but
to the courts, that is very well. Mr. President, I
did not rise to discuss this question.
Mr. HUNTER. I move an adjournment.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask leave to intro-
duce a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. HUNTER. My friends all around say
we had better adjourn. I would give way if I
could. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BIGGS. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will waive the motion to enable me to with-
draw my objection to a proposition of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.]
Mr. HUNTER. If I do that, I must give way
to my friend from Florida. I hope my friends
will excuse me, I cannot withdraw my motion.
I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be much
obliged to the Senator, if lie would allow me to
lay a bill on the table, as objection is withdrawn,
so that it may be printed.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot withdraw my mo-
tion. My friends ask me to insist. I would
give away if I could.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlngust 26, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the several standing committees of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
usual resolution for drawing seats in the Hall for
this session.
Mr. CUNGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRA1GE. Is not the resolution a matter
of privilege, having reference to the organization
of the House '
The SPEAKER. It is not such a matter of
privilege as would supersede the regular order of
business.
THE ALLEGED ASSAULT ON MR. GRANGER.
-Mr. SIMMONS. I rise for the purpose of
submitting a report from the special committee
appointed to investigate the subject of an alleged
assault on Hon. Amos P. Granser, a Represent-
ative from New York, by Hon. Fayette Mc-
Mullin, a Representative from the State of Vir-
ginia. The committee agree that no further
action should be taken in the matter; that the
committee should be discharged fiom its fuither
consideration, but are divided with regard to the
reasons for that result, fwo reports are sub-
mitted—a majority and a minority report. I ask
that they may be laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed, with the accompanying evidence;
and then, that the House shall discharge the
committee from the further consideration of ihe
subject. ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I submit the mi-
nority report, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask that both
reports be read. _
The majority ana minority reports were read.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the following resolution reported by the majority
of the committee:
Resolved, That it is not expedient, under the circum-
ctaueer. of the case, to have at.y further proceeding on tee
|Mrt of the Hou-e, and the committee aJ: to be discharged
from the further consideration of the bubjeet.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say that
the opening words of the resolution reported by
the majority of the committee are calculated to
place the minority of the committee in a false
oosition. 1 cannot agree to the words, "under
the circumstances ot the case," winch refer to
the details contained in the majority report. I
make this remark simply that 1 may not appear
