1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
34th Cong •••• 1st Sess.
Resolution* of Massachusetts, fyc.—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
propriety, and lie will never receive my support
or countenance in a transaction of that kind. I
can say no more on this subject, because 1 do not
intend to become a party in a personal controversy
between others, into which my own principles of
action forbid me to enter even on my own ac-
count. If then be any other question which the
honorable Senator put, I will answer it.
Mr. BUTLER. If you have not understood
what 1 asked, it is not worth while to go on with
other questions.
Mr. PEARCE. I listened, Mr. President,
with great regret to the remarks of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Huntkh,] because I appre-
hended precisely such a result as has followed.
The Senate ana the country are now occupied
in the consideration of 4fery grave subjects, the
proper discussion of which should be conducted
calmly and temperately, and which can be settled
advantageously to us all only by banishing the
voice of passion and faction. A favorable term-
ination of those great questions is not to be
helped by a discussion such as is likely to arise
on the question now reopened by the Senator
from Virginia, though with motives honest and
pure, as his motives always are. I rejoiced when
the Senate of the United States accepted the re-
port of the committee without a word of debate,
because I could not but see, as all must have
seen, that if we plunged into a discussion of the
merits of this case—if we undertook to consider
the circumstances either of aggravation or of
extenuation, we should necessarily say much
to inflame*that public sentiment already far too
much excited—to give political significance and
importance to an affair in itself only personal,
ana to increase those discords which threaten
almost to divide us, putting a great gulf between
the two sections of the country. But it is re-
opened.
Stir, it is not my purpose to utter one word
which can tend to increase the inflamed feeling
which 1 deplore; nor should I say anything at all
if it were not that the principle of the commit-
tee's report has been controverted by the Senator
from Virginia, and that the precedents upon which
it is founded have been mistaken by him, and that
he has attributed to it a character and an author-
ity such as do not belong to it, and were not in-
voked for it.
When the committee were appointed to report
upon this transaction, I certainly went into the
investigation of it with no prepossessions in favor
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
lrsa.] I had no political affiliation with him; on
the contrary, I stood at the very opposite from
him in all political questions in which he takes an
interest. I may even say that I had no personal
sympathies with him. So far as I had any, they
were with the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Brooks.] I knew him as an amiable and
honorable gentleman. I thought he had yielded
to the very natural impulses of an indignation for
which, in my opinion, no man can be charged
with blame other than that of yielding to the in-
firmities of human nature. Although I felt bound
to disapprove his action as a breach of the priv-
ileges of the Senate, there was not mingled with
my judgment anything that could approach to
personal unkjndqess. My relations, so far as I
nad any with the Senator from Massachusetts,
were very scant, but they were civil and cour-
teous.
I felt, sir, as every member from the South
must have felt, the extreme acrimony of his
speech—an acrimony not merely personal to the
Senator from South Carolina, but offensive in the
highest degree to every one who had voted for the
Kansas-Nebraska act, and to every one whose
fortune it was to live within the limits of a slave-
holding State. I found irritating and offensive
epithets piled up in that speech. I found the
word " crime " repeated over and over again,
and applied to an act of the Senate of the United
States; thus taunting and criminating the major-
ity of the body which is itself a breach of order.
I found it charged in twelve different instances
in a single paragraph of the speech, that that
act was a "-swindle" and the use of the word
was apologized for, because, it waa said, there
was no other word which «*uld so fitly describe
the meanness and wickedness of what he charged
as a crime upon the Senate of the United States!
Such was the whole tenor of his speech. He
spoke of the "apologies" for the crime as apol-
ogies absurd, apologies imbecile, apologies tyran-
nical, and apologies infamous; and the remedies
for the Kansas difficulties were described in the
same way.
I do not mean now to analyze that speech. It
would be a very easy matter, I think, to show
that no such speech was ever heard before within
the Halls of Congress, or the halls of any other
deliberative body, whose duty it is to preserve
decorum, to practice courtesy, and to avoid those
" reviling and nipping words" which, according
to parliamentary law,constitute a breach of order.
If it had been the purpose of that Senator to in-
sult, to the very last degree, everybody who dif-
fered from him in opinion, he could not more
successfully have carriefl out the purpose than as
he did.
So as to the personalities towards the Senator
from South Carolina. He is called, in derision,
I " an exalted Senator! a heroic knight! a second
I Moses come to a second exodus! He is told
that there is 'tno extravagance of manner or
hardihood of assertion" too great for him; that
he surpasses " the frenzy of Don Q.uixote;"
that he is a mad zealot! .that " he touches nothing
which he does not disfigure with error, some-
times of principle, sometimes of fact;" that
"there was no possible deviation from truth
which he did not make, though with so much of
passion as to save him from the suspicion of in-
tentional aberration." These are but specimens
of this extraordinary philippic; and all this was
not the hasty speech of one recognized as a man
of sudden and excitable temper quickened by the
heat of debate, and therefore using intemperate
language, but the deliberately prepared oration
of a Senator possessing those scholastic attain-
ments among whose usual fruits are amenity of
manners and courtesy of debate.
" Ingenuas didiciase fideliter artes
Euiollit mores, nee sinit esse feroa."
But, sir, I do not desire to remark further on
that subject except to say that it was very natural
a speech like that should excite, as it did, in the
bosoms of all who heard it, and whose political
opinions differed from that gentleman's, extreme
indignation. When you add to this the ties of
consanguinity and the peculiar relations which
I have understood to exist between that gentle-
man {Mr. Brooks] and the Senator from South
Carolina, it is not wonderful that he should have
given way to the impulses of so natural an indig-
nation. Now, I do not mean to justify him any
more than I would justify him if Twere presiding
in a court of criminal judicature for the breach
of the peace which followed. I neither mean to
justify the breach of privilege nor to change my
position in regard to the principle of this report,
which, notwithstanding all that I have just said,
I consider to be well founded, and in all respects
proper.
The committee did not, as the Senator from
Virginia supposes, suffer themselves to fall under
the influence of British precedents. We did not
look at an English precedent—we did not examine
a book of Bptish parliamentary law, to determ-
ine whether^his was a question of privilege or
not. We did examine British precedents—it is
true, in a subsequent part of the report, in order
to determine what was the proper course to be
adopted, after we had ascertained and determined
that the assault was a breach of privilege. On
that point we looked exclusively to American
authorities, to proceedings in the House of Rep-
resentatives and in the Senate, and before courts
of American judicature. The only precedents
which we cite in the report are three.
First, we cited the case of General Gunn, of
Georgia, a member of the Senate, who challenged
a member of the House of Representatives not
for words spoken in debate—which is by no
means a necessary constituent of the offense of
breach of privilege—but for having in his posses-
sion certain papers in regard to the Yazoo trans-
action, which he supposed it was the intention
of Mr. Baldwin, at a subsequent time, to pro-
duce before the House. He called upon him in
writing to deliver up those papers to him. Mr.
Baldwin properly refused, though he offered to
submit them to the inspection of General Gunn's
friend. For refusing to deliver up those papers,
or submit them to his inspection, Mr. Baldwin
was challenged by General Gunn. The cause of
this challenge, therefore, had nothing to do with
the proceedings of the House of Representatives,
or with any conduct of the gentleman chal-
lenged as a member; and yet, in the House of
Representatives, seven or eight years after the
formation of the Constitution, one of the Fathers
of the Constitution, a man of illustrious and
venerable name, and an authority as potent in
this country as that of any other of the great
founders of the Republic—Mr. Madison, who
was the chairman of the Committee on Privileges,
to which the case was referred, decided that the
mere challenge of a member for a cause such as
I have stated was a breach of privilege. The
report in that case was a very bnef one. It did
not present any argument, or assign any reason
for the opinion of the committee. Wc had to
infer the reason, and in order to infer it, to look
at the reasons which were assigned in other sub-
sequent cases; but there was the authority of
Mr. Madison clear, without a word of discussion
in which anything was said to the contrary of
the position he took. It was supported, how-
ever, in a sentence or two by a gentleman of great
distinction, one of the most prominent debaters
we ever had in Congress, a great leader of his
party, and a strict constructionist—Mr. Giles, of
Virginia. He affirmed this challenge to be a very
serious breach of privilege. That was the first
case.
Then we passed over a variety of intervening
cases—cases where there had been breaches of
privileges committed by assaults upon members,
one of which occurred when the House was not
in session, but just at the moment of its organ-
izing, and within the limits of the Chamber.
That was the case of Matthew Lyon, of Vermont,
and Governor Griswold, of Connecticut, where
mutual assaults were committed, where one
spat in the other's face, and where, some days
afterwards,'the other went up to his desk and
beat him with a stick, where he was writing
letters. There the House of Representatives
refused to punish either of them by expulsion—
whether for reasons which a- prudent moderation
would suggest, or because of political feeling
acting on both sides, I will not undertake to say.
We looked at that case and various others, but
finally came down to the case of Mr. Jarvis and
Mr. John Adams. That case was remarkable,
and was therefore quoted by us, because it.was
the first, as far as I could find, in which the com-
mittee had assigned any reasons for adjudging
the assault to be a breach of privilege. Mr. John
Adams was the private secretary of the President.
He had been sent by him to the House of Rep-
resentatives with a message. He had delivered
it, and was about to go to the Senate with another
message, when he was assailed by Mr. Jarvis
for words not spoken in debate, (for he was not'
a member of the House,) but for words spoken
at the executive mansion, on the occasion of an -
evening soiree or reception. This was reported
to be a breach of privilege, and the vote of the
Hou*e sustained the committee. The report was
made by Mr. McDuffie; and the conclusion of
the committee was put upon the ground (the
only one on which the question of privilege can
be rested) of self-preservation and the necessity
of securing the business of the House from inter-
ruption. Here is a portion of his report:
" The power in question grows out of the great law of
■elf-preservation. It is, no doubt, very liable to abuse, and
ought always to be exercised with great moderation. In
its very nature, it is not susceptible either of precise defini-
tion or precise limitation. Each particular instance of its
exercise must be adapted to the emergency which calls for
it While, therefore, the committee deem it a matter of
great importance to maintain the existence of this power as
an essential means of vindicating the dignity and privileges
of the House, they are clearly or the opinion that it ought
never to be exercised except in cases of strong necessity,
and that the punishment inflicted under it ought never to
be carried further than shall be absolutely and imperatively
required by the existing emergency."
Then we cite another case, that of Mr. Stan-
