1856.
the Congressional globe.
mt
on the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and I want to call
the attention of the Senate to the manner in which
he opened that speech. No man will pretend that
up to that day he had ever uttered a word hereto
which any, the most captious, could take objec-
tion. He commenced this magnificent speech,
which any man within sound of my voice would
have been proud to have uttered, by saying:
" In delivering my sentiments here to-day, I shall speak
frankly, according to my convictions, without concealment
or reserve. But if anythingfell from the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,} ill opening this discussion, which
might seem to challenge a personal contest. I desire to say
that I shall not enter upon it. Let not a word or a tone pass
ftom my lips to divert attention from the transcendent
theme—bythc side of which Senators and Presidents are
but dwarfs. I would not forget those amenities which be-
long to this place, and are so well calculated to temper the
antagonism of debate; nor can I cease to remember and to
feel, that, amidst all diversities of opinion, we are the rep-
resentatives *)f thirty-one si.-ter Republics, knit together by
indissoluble ties, and constituting that Pluial Unit, which
we all embrace by the cndeatingname of country.''—Con-
gressional Globe, 1854; Jlppendix, p. 26"2.
Thus, on that occasion, by those words of
kindness, did he commence his speech, and he
continued it to the end in that spirit. The effort
then made might be open to opposition by argu-
ment ; but there is no word there to wound the sen-
sibilities of any Senator or to justify any personal
bitterness. And yet this speech, so cautious
and guarded, and absolutely without any allusion
to the Senator from South Carolina or his State,
brought down upon him the denunciations and
assaults of the Senator, who now complains that
his own example has been in some measure fol-
lowed. I intend to hold that Senator to-day to
the record. Yes, sir, I have his words, and I
intend to hold him responsible for them. I am
accustomed to deal with facts, as that Senator
■will discover before I close.
A few days after this speech was delivered, the
Senator from South Carolina addressed the Sen-
ate , then, as now, in a long speech running through
two days. You will find his speech in the Con-
gressional Globe from the 232d to the 240th page.
Mr. BUTLER. What volume ?
Mr. WILSON. Volume twenty-nine, first ses-
sion, Thirty-Third Congress, in the Appendix,
from page 232 to page 240. Sir, you must read
that speech, read it all through, look at it carefully,
consider its words and its phrases, to understand
the tone he evinced towards Mr. Sumner and
towards Massachusetts and the northern men
who stood with him. I need not say that there
were bitter words, taunting words in the speech.
I was not here to listen to it, but we all know—
and I say it without meaning to give offense—that
the Senator from South Carolina is often more
offensive in the manner which he exhibits, and
he throws more of contempt and more of ridicule
in that manner than he can put in his words;
and he is not entirely destitute of the ability of
using words in that connection.
On page 232 we have the insinuation that Mr.
Sumner is a "plunging agitator"—that is the
phrase, "plunging agitator." That is a plunging
expression. I think it is one of those loose ex-
pressions that brought down on the Senator the
censure of my colleague the other day. Then we
have another insinuation, that he is a " rhetorical
advocate;" and then these words: " He has not,
in my judgment, spok'en with the wisdom, the
judgment, and the responsibilities of a states- t
man." Now, sir, I doubt the propriety of apply-1
ing to members of this body such phrases as !
these—"plunging agitator," "rhetorical advo-1
cate,"anu then to say he has not shown "the
wisdom, the judgment, and the responsibilities
of a statesman."
On page 234 he says of Mr. Sumner: " It seems
to me that, if he wished to write poetry, he would
get a negro to sit for him." That is his expres-
sion, and the report says it was followed by
"laughter"—whether laughter at Mr. Sumner,
or at the refined wit of the Senator from South
Carolina, I cannot say, not having been present.
On page 236 he again alludes to a remark by
Mr. Sumner, saying (to quote his own words)
" which I think even common,prudence or common
decency would have suggested to him that he
ought not to have made."
On the same page, again alluding to Mr. Sum-
ner, he says:
" Our revolutionary fathers thought nothing ofthese sick-
ly distinctions which gentlemen use now lo make the South
bilious."
Again, on the Same page, alluding to other re-
marks of Mr. SuMNEtt, he says:
" They may furnish materials for what 1 understand is .a
very popular novel—Uncle Tom's Cabin. I have no doubt
they may do this, but I put it to the gentleman, are his re-
marks true ?"
Are his remarks true?" was the question, full
of insolence and of accusation, put to Mr. Sumner
in the face of the Senate.
And again he says:
" They dealt some hard licks, but they are riot true as his-
torical facts."
So you will perceive Mr. Sumner was not the
first man to raise this question of truth and vera-
city on the floor of the Senate.
On the same page the Senator from South Car-
olina made a mistatement of a fact, which was
promptly corrected by Mr. Sumner, and by Gen-
eral Shields, then a member of the Senate.
On page 237 there are insinuations made of
" pseudo-philanthropy," and also insinuations of
" mere eloquence—professions of philanthropy,
a philanthropy of adoption more than affection."
Yes, sir, according to the Senator from South
Carolina, the Senator from Massachusetts and
those who think withjiim, have " adopted " their
philanthropy—it is not the " philanthropy of af-
fection but of adoption!" "A philanthropy that
professes much and does nothing, with a Jong
advertisement and short performance." These
are expressive words, and the Senator from South
Carolina should remember that these words, ut-
tered with the peculiar forms which he affects,
are anything but calculated to be complimentary
to my colleague or any other Senator.
On the same page, allusions which, from the
context, are in the nature ofinsinuations, are made
against Mr. Sumner and his associates, as to
" those who stand aloof and hold up an ideal
standard of morality, emblazoned by imagina-
tion and sustained in ignorance, or perhaps more
often planted by criminal ambition and heartless hy-
pocrisy."
" Criminal ambition and heartless hypocrisy"
are the terms used by the Senator from South
Carolina, in application to Senators on this floor
and to a large portion of the country which con-
curs with them!
On page 239 he tauntingly speaks of a " ma-
chine, " in reference to the people who hold Mr.
Sumner's opinions, " oiled by northern fanati-
cism." I do not know what kind of a machine
that is—a machine " oiled by northern fanati-
cism." The Senator who uses these phrases to-
wards members of this body, and towards a sec- |
tion of the Union, is a Senator who tries to make !
us believe that he is a man who comprehends the
whole country and all its interests, and who has
nothing in him of the spirit of a sectional agitator!
He takes great offense because my colleague holds
him up as one of the chieftains of sectional agita-
tion. I think my colleague is right; that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is one of the chieftainsl
of a sectionalism at war with the fundamenta,
ideas that underlie our Democratic institutionse
and at war with the repose and harmony of the
country.
On page 234, he again talks about " sickly sen-
timentality;" and he charges that this " sickly
sentimentality now governs the councils of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts." Yes, sir,
the Senator from South Carolina makes five dis-
tinct assaults upon Massachusetts. Massachu-
setts councils governed by sickly sentiment-
ality ! Sir, Massachusetts stands to-day where
she stood when the little squad assembled, on the
19th of April, 1775, to fire the first gun of the
Revolution. The sentiments that brought those
humble men to the little green at Lexington, and
to the bridge at Concord—which carried them up
the slope of Bunker Hill, and which drove forth
the British troops from Boston never again to
press the soil of Massachusetts—that sentiment
still governs the counsels of Massachusetts, and
rules in the hearts of her people. The feeling
which governed the men of that glorious epoch
of our history is the feeling of the men of Mas-
sachusetts of to-day.
Those sentiments of liberty and patriotism
have penetrated the hearts of the whole popula-
tion of that Commonwealth. Sir, in that State,
every man, no matter what blood runs in hie
veins, or whatmaybethe colorofhis skin, stands
up before the law the peer of ihe proudest that
treads her Soil. This is the sentiment of this
people of Massachusetts. In equality before the:
law they find their strength. They know this
to be right, if Christianity is true, -and they Will
maintain it in the future as they have in the past:
and the civilized world, the coming generations,
those who are hereafter to give, law to the uhivei-se,
will pronounce that, in this contest, Massachu-
setts is right, inflexibly right, arid South Carolina,
and the Senator from South Carolina, wrong.
The latter are maintaining the odious relics of a.
barbarous age and civilization—not the 'civiliza-
tion of the New Testament—not the civilization
that is now blessing and adorning the bS'st portions
of the world.
On page 234, he says 
Mr. BUTLER. What year is that?
Mr. WILSON. The 24th and 25th day& of
February, 1854. On page 234, he says:
" At the time of the passage of the law in Massachusetts
abolishing slavery, pretty near all the grown negroes disap-
peared somewhere ; and, as the historian expresses it, the
little negroes were left there, without father or mother, and
with hardly a God ; were sent about as puppies, to be taken
by those who would feed them."
Mr. BUTLER. That is a quotation, though.
Mr. WILSON. Not exactly a quotation; but
then he goes on to say:
"This is the truth slaves disappeared, not to be free-
men,but slaves of southern owners; and the proceeds went
into northern pockets."
Now, sir, the constitution of Massachusetts
was framed, and went into operation in 1780.
The supreme court decided that, by thte provis-
ions of that constitution, slaves could not be held
as bondmen .in the Commonwealth. Slavery wai
abolished by judicial decision—abolished at once
without limitation, without time to send men out
of the State. It may be that some mean Yanke'e
in Massachusetts—and God never made a meaner
man than a mean Yankee [laughter]—may have
hurried his slave out of that Commonwealth, and
sold him into bondage. But Massachusetts, by
one stroke of the pen of the supreme court, abol-
ished slavery forever in that State, and the slaves
became freemen. They and their descendants
are there to-day—as intelligent as the average
people of the United States, many of them being
men that grace and adorn the State which by just
and equal laws protects them in the enjoyment of
all their rights—men whom I am proud here to
call my constituents, and some of whom I recog-
nize as my friends.
On page 236 he introduced statistics into his
speech m regard to pauperism, insanity, and
drunkenness, in disparagement of Massachusetts.
This introduction called up Mr. Everett to re-
spond for his State; and if gentlemen arc anxious
to know what he said, they have but to turn to
the debates of that day and read the words of a
man always to be comprehended, whatever his
opinions may be.
On page 240 it will be found that the Senator
from South Carolina asserts that Massachusetts
has been an "anti-nigger State." This is the
classic phrase of the Senator from South Caro-
lina. fie said that Massachusetts was an " anti-
nigger State," and that " when she had to deal
with these classes of persons practically, her
philanthropy became very much attenuated."
Attenuated philanthropy! These are the w-ords
of the Senator who never makes assaults, who is
never the aggressor! They were in reply to a
speech which made no personal assault upon the
Senator or upon his State. These remarks were
made in regard to the Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts.
And, again, still anxio,us to make his lunge at
Massachusetts, on page 240 he repeats the accusa-
tion that Massachusetts " treated her little slaves
as puppies."
To all these personal allusions of the.Senator,
Mr. Su.MNi.il made no reply. He did reply for
his State, and replied fully, as the occasion re-
quired , and in a manner contrasting by its mod-
eration and its decency with that of the Senator
from South Carolina. I have references to other
passages in that spcech by the Senator from South
Carolina, but I shall not weary the Senate by
quoting them. They are of the same nature arid
character. In this same speech, however, not
content with assailing Mr. Sumner, he went on
to attack the honorable Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] and he compared him to " The
condor that soars fn'the frozen regions of ethereal
