606
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Jtesr>tutio7& of Masgacnuaetts, trc -Mr. tenrct.
[Jane 24,
Senate.
berry, a member ofthe House ofR^reseAtdtiv^s,
who was assaulted and beaten by General Hous-
ton, not then a member of Congress, for words
either spoken in debate, or reduced to Writing,
and published afterwards—and, in my judgment,
it makes no difference which, although the Sen-
ator from Virginia thinks otherwise; but I shall
come to that presently. That was a very much
contested case, and very able rtlen were engaged
in the discussion; Mr. Doddridge of Virginia,
and Mr. Burgess, of Rhode Island, sustaining
with great ability the position that it was a
breach of privilege; and Mr. Beardsley, of New
York, and Mr. Polk, the late President, taking
the*opposite ground. They held, as some gen-
tlemen have intimated to me that they now hold ,
that no punishment for an offense can be inflicted,
unless either by virtue of some express grant in
the ConAitution to that effect, or by authority
of some statute passed by Congress. They
seemed to think that in England this right may
prevail, because the lexparlirmentaHa is a part of
the common law; but the common law has been
adjudged to be no part of the law of the Federal
Government, except in so far as it has been ap-
plied by particular statutes, expressly or by neces-
sary implication. I take it that is an error—I
take it, that the lex parliament aria on this subject
is founded precisely as the question of privilege
is said to be founded, on the law of self-preserva-
tion , of necessity, and that it is a part of the com-
mon law, because it is a part of the lex parlianten-
taria, and not the reverse.
Now, sir, it is true that the Constitution of
the United States protects a member from being
questioned elsewhere for anything Which he has
said in debate. 1 think it is also true here, as
it is in England, that if a member says what' is
slanderous, and publishes it, he can find no
defense against an action of slander, under that
provision of the Constitution. The Constitution
no more protects him id the abuse of his priv-
ilege of free debate, than the parliamentary law
would protect a member of the House of Com-
mons. It is only to cases of this sort that the
oft-quoted clause of the Constitution applies.
That olause gives a personal pirivilege to mem*
bers which may protect them in courts of jus-
tice, except inthe instance mentioned. But this
personal privilege is a very different thing from
that privilege of this'body as-a whole, which has
. been violated in the present instance, and therein
I differ from the Senator from New York, who
seems to have confounded them. There are !
many similar clauses in the constitutions of the |
different States not in totidem verbis, but intended
to effect the same object, and though differing more
or less in language, not varying the true import.
In my own State I think the language is—" No
Senator Or Delegate shall be liable, in any civil
action or criminal" prosecution whatever, for
words spoken in debate;" and that I take to be
substantially the same provision as the one made
by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator,
allow me on this point to correct him with ref-
erence to my own position ?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I have not examined that
branch of the subject; and as the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] will recollect, I
stated <the other day, that I should not discuss it
until he did. That is the reason I did' not touch
it to-day. He promised to discuss it; I very well
understand, end I-agTee that the'printer, the cif*-
culator, or publisher of a speech made in1 Parlia-
ment, winch transcends the truth, is criminally
liable, andls not justifiable;, but I doubt whether
the case has ever occurred where the publisher
was himself the speaker, or debater, and he Wfcs>
denied the privilege in the publication. In regard
to the present case, I ought to have said, that
here this transaction was practically upon the
speaking of words in debate, as I understand.
Mr PEARCE. Wheth* it were so or nttt
wodld not vary thie result in my opinion. I have
no doubt the law is the same here as ih Engand,
and I think I could produce an American authority
to that effect, if I had tirrte; and if the debate shall
be postponed .until to-morrow, I may look for it,
though I do not know that'it is &t all important.
I i consider that c^tuSe of the Constitution em
I relieving a member from legal liability for words
| spoken in debate, and nothing else. Such, I
| think, is the view of Judge Story, who, in his
! Commentaries on the Constitution, holds, if I
remember rightly, precisely that doctrine. So
, that the doctrine of privilege, in such a caSe as
this, must rest upon something else than the
clause of the Constitution referred to, and that
something else is the indispensable .necessity of
which Mr. McDuffie spoke. That is not entirely
new in Mr. McDuffie. It had the previous sanc-
tion ofjudicial decision; that is to say, the Supreme
Court of the United States had decided that there
is such a thing as a breach of privilege, and that
the right of the legislative body to punish it is
founded upon the law of self-preservation. That
was quite enough for me, although -it did not
arise in a case in which there had been a breach
of our privileges by an assault upon: a member.
The Senate will recollect the case of Anderson
versus Dunn. Anderson, I believe, had offered a
bribe to a gentleman from North Carolina, who
reported the fact to the House of Representatives.
The House ordered him to be taken into custody
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, whose name was Dunn.
Anderson brought an action of liaise imprison-
ment against the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the case
was heard in the Supreme Court of the United
States. I have the decision before me. The
opinion of the court was delivered by Mr. Justiee
Johnson, of South Carolina. He said:
"It is certainly true that there is'no power given by the
Constitution to either House to punish for contempts, except
when committed by their own members. Nor does the ju-
dicial or criminal power given to the United States in any
contempt of either House, or any one coordinate branch of
the part, expressly extend to the infliction of punishment for
Government. Shall we, therefore, decide that no such
power exists?
"It is true, that such a power, if it exists, must be de-
rived from implication, and the genius and spirit of our
institutions are hostile to the exercise of implied powers.
Had the faculties of man been competent to the framing of
a system of government which would have left-nothing to
implication, it cannot be doubted that the effort would have
been made by the framers of the Constitution. But ttfial
is the fact? There la not, in the whole of that admirable
instrument, a grant of powers which does not draw after it
others, not expressed, but vital to their exercise; not sub-
stantive and independent, indeed, but auxiliary and subor-
dinate."—6 W'fteaton, p. 225.
Ag&fti:
." Silt if there is ope maxim which necessarily rides over
all others, fli the'practical application of government, it is,
that the public functionaries must be left at liberty to exer-
cise the powers which the people haVe intrusted to them.
The interests and dignity of those Who created them re-
quire the exertion of the powers indispensable to the attain-
ment of the ends of their creation. Nor is a casual con-
flict with the rights of particular individuals any reason to
be urged against the exercise of snch powers. The wretch
beneath the gallows may repine at the fate which awaits
him, and yet it is ho less certain that the laws under which
he suffers were made for his security. The unreasonable
mtirmtirs of individuals agirinst the restraints of society
have a direct tendency to produce that waist of all despot-
isms which makes every individual the tyrant over bis
ne ighjjor's rights.
" That * tlie safety ofthe people is the supreme law.'.riot
only eotftportg with, but is indispensable to, (lie exercise of
those powert in their pabiio functionaries without which
that safety cannot be guarded. On this principle it is that
courts of justice are universally acknowledged to be vested,
by their very creation, with power to impose silence, refepect,
and decorum in their presence, and submission to their law-
fill m&nflates,and, as a corollary to this proposition, to pre-
serve themselves and their officers from the approach and
insult of pollution.
" It is true that coOrtsof jtidtice oftlie United States are
vested, by express statute provision, with power to fine and
imprison for contempts; but it doeq not follow, from this
circumstance, that they would not have exercised that power
without the aid of the statute, or not, in cases, if such should
occur, to which such statute provision may not extend; oh
the contrary, it is: a legislative assertion of this right, as in-
cidental to a grant of judicial power, and can only be con-
sidered either as an instance of abundant caution, or a legis-
lative declaration, that the power of punishing fbr contempt
shall not extend beyond its known and acknowledged lim-
its of fine and imprisonment."
He notices, in thie course of his opinion, th<4
admission which was made by the opponents of
this power, that in the case of a contempt com-
mitted in the face of the House, the House may'
punish; but then he seems to think, as is natural
enough, that there was no express gWmt of power
to either House of Congress by which they could
punish fa# a etui tempt committed in their presefttte,
except by one of their members. The provision
of the Constitution is that " each House may
determine the ruleaof its proceedings, punish its
members' for disorderly behavior, and with the
concurrence of two thirds expel a member;" but
persons not liable to the authority there conferred
rtight commit contempts in the presence of the
House; and if you can get an implied power to
be exercised by the House on an occasion arising
Within the walls, how shall you limit the impli-
cation of that power, so as to restrain jurisdiction,
And prohibit it in cases which have occurred
without the walls of the House, or not during
the session of the House ? The judge, noticing
that point, said:
" Nor is it immaterial to notice what difficulties the nega-
tion of this right in the House of Representatives draws
after it, when it is considered that the concession of power,
if exercised within their walls, relinquishes the great grounds
of the argument, to wit: the want of an express grant, and
the unrestricted and undefirad nature of the power here set
up. For why should the Hrase be at liberty to exercise an
uogranted, an unlimited, and undefined power within their
walls, any more than without them 1"
I do not meail to read any more of this opinion
to weary the Senate; but the Supreme Court
decided in this case that the Senate or House of
Representatives may punish for a contempt, for a
breach of its' privileges, afld thus affirmed the
constitutional power to punish where no express
grant is given in the Constitution, or by any
statute.
All the members of the committee recollected,
though the record of it is not before us, a case
occurring in the Senate since I have been a mem-
ber of the body. There was a reporter for one
of the New York papers, who had got posses-
sion, We_ never could find out how, of a treaty,
and published it to the world while it was under
discussion. The Senate called him before the
body, atid endeavored to make him disclose by
what means he obtained this treaty, with a view
that we might punish the party communicating
it to him. He refused to disclose it, and we
held that refusal to be a breach of our privileges j
and committed him to the custody of our Ser-
geant-at-Arms, in which he remained, I think,
some three weeks. He brought the case by
habid* corpus before the circuit court of the
United States for the District of Golumbia, and
it wan decided in the affirmative of the power by
Judge Cratich, not then grown imbecile from
extreme old age, and who had been in his day a
judge of very high reputation.
These were the precedents which the com-
mittee had before them. They nfere not misled,
as the Senator from Virginia supposes, by any*
superfluous reverence for English authorities or
parliamentary proceedings. They looked at the
unbroken course of adjudication in Congress from
the earliest period of our legislative history down
to this time. They found that through a period
of nearly sixty years the power had been affirmed
by one'or the other House of Congress, and had
been sanctioned by our own judiciary. How
could the committee heisltate after that? All per-
sonal sympathies—all thbse reasons which might,
Mid undoubtedly w&uld, hate operated UpcM us;
if we had been considering the merits of the ques-
tion, mudt give way to such a course of authority,
Or we must consider that nothing is ever settled,
that there is no end to litigation, that every con-
stitutional question must be forever vexed, and
that the perpetual reversal of opinions and decis-
ions and precedents is to be the order of the day
forever hereafter. Therefore, whatever the com-
mittee might have thought—and there were some
who, if it were an original and open question,
would perhaps have agreed With the Senator from
Virginia—they felt bound to advise the Senate
thlit the result of their investigation was, that thfcf
was a breach of privilege.
They contehted themselves, so far as that point
is concerned, with stating the facts as briefly as
they could, a few ofthe precedents and the conclu-
sions at which they had arrived. In regard to the
rest, they did look at EngHsh parliamentary law,
and they found it to correspond precisely with our"
own law. They found the rule in Hatsell's Pre-
cedents to Correspond with the rule in Jefferson's
Manual, and both to be founded in right reason,
as the committee thought. They, therefore, pro-
posed to refer the matter to the House of Repre-
sentatives, which was the only body competent
to take cognizanceof it.
