1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
purity, yet lives on garbage and putrefaction I"
This is the language of an honorable Senator,
who prides himself upon his elegant diction,
and whose friends plume themselves upon the
exceeding care with which he turns his phrases
in debate.1
For some time I have been giving elegant ex-
tracts from a single speech of the Senator from
South Carolina. I come here to another. On the
14thofMarch, 1854, he assailed the threfe thousand
clergymen of New England who had sent their
remonstrance here against the passage of the Ne-
braska bill. He declared "they deserved the
grave censure of the Senate." Sir, I have great
respect for the Senate of the United States, and
I have respect for these three thousand clergy-
men. £ suppose they care more for their own
opinions, and the approbation of their own con-
sciences, than even for the grave censure of this
Senate.
He then went on to make use of one of those
loose expressions, for which Mr. Sumner cen-
sured him the other day so severely. He cm-
ployed this language: " I venture to say that
they [the clergymen] never saw the memorial
they sent;" thus directly charging the religious
teachers of our country with palming on the Sen-
ate a spurious document.
To this attack of the Senator from South Car-
olina, and others, on the cleigy of New England,
a portion of Mr. Sumner's reply may be given
as an illustration of the parliamentary character
and perfect temper of his discourse:
" There are men in tin* Senate justly eminent for elo-
quence, learning, and ability; hut theie is no man liere
competent, except in his own conccit, to sit in judgment on
the clergy of New England. Honorable Senators who have
been &>o swift with criticism and sarcasm might profit by their
example. Perhaps the Senator from South Carolina, [.Mi.
Botler,] who is not insensible to scholarship, might leafn
from them something of Us graces. Peihaps the Senator
fiom Virginia, [Air. Mason,] who finds no banetion under
the Constitution for any remonstrance from clergymen,
might learn from them something o! the privileges of an
American viuzcu. Perhaps the Senator trom Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] who precipitated this odious measure, upon the
country, might learn tiom them something of political wu-
40m."
But this history of personalities is not com-
plete. One of the greatest outbreaks is yet to
come.
On the 2Gth Juno, 1854, my predecessor, Mr.
Rockwell, presented a memorial, signed by four
thousand citizens of Boston, asking for the im-
mediate repeal of the fugitive slave act. That
memorial was severely attacked, and Mr. Sumner
rose to vindicate it. He was followed by the
Senator from South Carolina, who made a suc-
cession of assaults and insinuations.
Among other things, he characterized Mr. Sum-
ner's speech as "a species of rhetoric which is
intended to feed the lires of fanaticism whieh he
has helped to kindle in his own State—a species
of rhetoric which is not becoming the gravity of
this body/' (Cong. Globe, vol. 28, part 2, page
1516, 3d col.)
And again, on the same page, the Senator says:
" When gentlemen use and flagrantly misrepresent his-
tory, as that gentleman ha°sdonc by a fourth of July oiation—
by vapid rhetoric—by a species of rhctoue whieh, I am
sorry to say, ought not to come from a scholar—a rhetoric
with moie" fine color than real strength—I become impa-
tient under it."
Here, it will be observed, is a direct charge
that Mr. Sumner had flagrantly misrepresented his-
tory, that ins speech was " vapid rhetoric," and
a " fourth of July oration." The Senator displays
frcat sensibility because Mr. Sumner charges
im, in guarded phrase, with " a deviation from
truth, with so much of passion as to save him
from the suspicion of intentional aberration."
And yet, with unblushing assurance, he openly
charges Mr. Sumner with flagrant misrepresen-
tation, without any of that apology of passion
which Mr. Sumner conceded to him. Nor is
this the first or the last time in which the Senator
did this.
Again, on the same page, he insinuates that
Mr. Sumner was a "rhetorician playing a part."
This is a favorite idea of the polite Senator. And
yet again, on page 1517, lirst column, he breaks
futth in insinuations against Mr. Sumner, as fol-
lows:
" r do not want any of these flaming speeches here—cal-
culated to excite, merely--to feed a Same without seeing
where it shall extend. No, sir; do not let u*. involve the
country in a contest to be decided by mob3, infuriated by
the Jiamwg speeches of servile orators
Then follows a passage which can only be ap-
preciated by giving it at length;
" I have said I am perfectly willing, so far aa I am con-
cerned, to let the memorial be referred ; but I wish to ask
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, who presented
it [Mr. Rockwell] a question; and I believe, from the
impression which he made on me to-day, that he will an-
swer it. If we repeal the fugitive slave law, will the hon-
orable Senator tell me that Massachusetts will execute the
provision of the Constitution without any law of Congress ?
Suppose we should take away ail laws, and devolve upon
the different States the duties that properly belong to them,
I would ask that Senator whether, under the prevalence
of public opinion there, Massachusetts would execute that
provision as one of the constitutional members of this
Union? Would they send fugitives back to us after trial
by jury, or any other mode ? Will this honoiable Senator
[Mr. Sumner] tell me that he will do it?
" Mr. Sumner. Does the honorable Senator ask me if I
would personally join in sending a fellow man into bond-
age ? < Is thy seivant a dog, that he should do this thing ?'
" Mr. Butler. These are the prettiest speeches that I ever
heard. [Laughter.] He has them turned down in a book
by him, I believe, and he has them &o elegantly fixed that
I cannot reply to thcin. [Laughter.] They are too delicate
for my use. [Renewed laughter.] They are beautiful
things; made In a factory of rhetoric somewhat of a pecu-
liar shape. But, I must be permitted to say, not of a defi-
nite texture. Now. what does he mean by talking about his
not being a dog? [Continued laughter.] What has that
to do with the Constitution, or the constitutional obliga-
tions of a State? [Laughter.] Well, sir, it was a beauti ful
sentiment, no doubt, as he thought, and perhaps he imagined
he expressed it with Demosthenian abruptness and eloquence.
[Laughter ] J asked him whether he would execute the
Constitution of the United States without an;y fugitive slave
law. and he answered mc, is he a dog 
"Mr Sumnlr. The Senator asked me if I would help
to reduce a fellow-man to bondage ? I answered him.
"Mr. Butler. Then you would not obey the Constitu-
tion. Sir, (turning to Mr. Sumner,) standing here before
this tribunal, where you swoie to support it, you rise and
tell medial you regard it the office of a dog to enforce it.
You stand in my presence, as a coequal Senator, and tell me
that 11 U a dog^s ojficc to execute the Constitution of the
United States ?
" Mr. Pratt. Which he has sworn to support.
*<Mr. Sumner. I recognize no such obligation.
"Mr. Butler. I know jou do not. But nobody eares
about your recognitions as an individual; but as a Senator,
and a constitutional representative, you stand differently re-
lated to this body. But enough of this."
This attack upon Mr. Sumner is without a
parallel in the records of the Senate-, but the Sen-
ator from South Carolina was not alone in this
outrage. He was assisted, I regret to say, by
other Senators; particularly by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] by the then Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pettit;J but. I do not quote their
words, for I am now dealing with the Senator
from South Carolina.
To all these, Mr. Sumner replied fully and tri-
umphantly, in a speech which, though justly
severe throughout, was perfectly parliamentary,
and which was referred to at that time, and has
been often mentioned since, as n specimen of the
greatest severity, united with perfect taste and
propriety.
The above imputation which had been heaped
upon him, with regard to the Constitution, was
completely encountered, and his position vindi-
cated by the authority of Andrew Jackson, and
the still earlier authority of Thomas Jefferson.
On this point, no attempt has ever been made to
answer him.
In the course of this speech, alluding to the
Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Sumner used
words which I now adopt, not only for myself
on this occasion, but also as an illustration of his
course in this controversy:
" Jt is he, then, who is the offender. Formvsclf, «ir. I
understand the sensibilities of Senators from slaveholding
communities, and would not wound them bv a «upeillu-
ous woid. Ofslaveiy, I speak stionglv, as I must; but
lhu% far, even at the expense of my atgumeut, J have
avoided the contia^ts, founded on details of figures and facts,
which are so obvious between the free Stares and k slave-
holding communities;' especialiy have I shunned all allu-
sion to South Carolina. But the venerable Scuatoi, to
whose discretion that State has intrusted it- interests here ;
will not allow me to be still. God forbid that I should do
injustice to South Carolina."
But the Senator from South Carolina was not
to be silenced or appeased. He still returned to
those personalities which flow so naturally and
unconsciously from his lips. The early, bitter
personaftxssaults were repeated. He charged Mr.
Sumner's speech with being <£ unfair m state-
ment." This is one of the delicate accusations
of the Senator. The next is bolder. He charged
Mr. Sumner as " guilty of historical perversion."
Pray, with what face, after this, can he complain
of my colleague ? But he seems determined still
to press this imputation in the most offensive form,
for he next charges my colleague with " historical
falsehood, which the gentleman has committed in
the fallacy of his sectional vision." It would be
difficult to accumulate into one phrase more offens-
ive suggestions; and yet the Senator now com-
plains that he has had administered to him what
he has so often employed himself.
All these are understood to have been accom-
panied by a manner more offensive than the words.
This cannot be preserved in the* report; but the
following passage may give even some idea of
this:
"I have said that the independence of America was
achieved by the arms and treasure of slaveholding States. I
will never, in a parliamentary sense, be personal; but I say
that I convict him of historical falsehood. Dare you, sir,
look me in the face and deny it ?
"Mr. Sumner. Deny what?
"Mr. Butler. That independence was won by the
arms and treasure of slaveholding States ?
"The Prfsit>i\'o Officfr, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The Senatormust address the Chair.
" Mr. Butler. He cannot and dare not deny it.
" Mr. Sumner. Will the Senator yield the floor?
"Mr. Butler. Yes, sir,because I want to hear what
you can say on that subject.
" Mr. Sumner. What I can say is very easily said, and,
I think, is very decisive. When, m our history, we speak
of slaveholding States, we mean those in which slavery has
been an established policy, and professedly an essential
element in their civilization. This, I believe, is common,
if not universal. Of such 1 spoke when I spoke of slave-
holding States—such as were regarded as slaveholding States
at the adoption of the Constitution—winch, in those days,
wore called southern States, in contract to the northern
States, sometimes called the'non-slaveholding States. By
slaveholding States, of course I mean States which were
pecuhaily, distinctively, essentially slaveholding, and not
States m winch the holding of slaves seems to have been
rather the accident of the hour, and in which all the people,
or the gi eater part of the people, were ready to welcome
emancipation."
In this extract, you will see somethingof the
Senator's insolence in contrast with the quiet
manner of Mr. Sumner, who, while defending
his position, was perfectly parliamentary.
Other passages from the spcech of the Senator
might be quoted; but the patience of the Senate
is well nigh exhausted by this long exhibition of
personalities; therefore I will content myself
with only one more. Here it is:
" I know, sir, he said the other day, that all he said was
the effusion of an impulsive heait{ but it was the effusion
of his diawer. Talk to me about the effusions of the heart I
What kind of effusions are those which escape from tables
—fiom papers—played like cards sorted for the purpose?
They are weapons prepared by contrii>ution, and discharged
in this body, with a view ofgiatifying the feelings of resent-
ment and malice—with a view of wounding the pride of
the State which I represent, and through her to stab tho
reputation of the other southern States. But, sir, tre are
above the dangers of open combat, and cannot be hurt by the
assaulti even of attempted assassination
u We cannot be hurt by attempted assassina-
tion,"exclaims the Senator from South Carolina!
Attempted assassination!
It ill becomes the Senator from South Carolina
to use those words in connection with Massachu-
setts, or the North. The arms of Massachusetts
arc freedom, justice, truth! Strong in these, she
is not driven to the necessity of resorting to
"attempted assassination," either in or out of
the Senate 1
But the whole story is not yet told. I wish to
refer to another assault made by the Senator,
which I witnessed myself a few days after f took
a spat in this body. On the 23d of February,
1855, in one of the last days of the last session,
to the bill introduced by the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. ToucEY,],Mr. Sumner moved an
amendment, providing for the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave act. He made some remarks in sup-
port of that proposition. The Senator from South
Carolina rose and interrupted him, saying, " I
would ask him one question which he, perhaps,
will not answer honestly.Mr. Sumner said, "1
will answer any question." The Senator went
on to ask questions, and received his answers;
and then he said, speaking of Mr. Sumner, " I
know he is not a tactician, and I shall not take
advantage of the infirmity of a man who docs not
know half his time exactly what he is about."
This is indeed extraordinary language for the
Senator from South Carolina to apply to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I witnessed that scene.
I then deemed the language insulting: tho manner
was more so. I hold in my hands the remarks
of the Louisville Journal, a southern press, upon
this scene. I shall not read them to the Senate,
for I do not wish to present anything which the
Senator may even deem offensive. I will say,
however, that his language and his deportment
to my colleague on that occasion were aggressive
and overbearing in the extreme. And this is the
