18 50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S5
[Mp.OhrI mny withdraw his motion, if he thinks
jjr.)n  r. ;\Iy oltn-ei in •-imply this: I wish to get
to ti*i >•;" ale rS trthl«j for the purpose of r«achu}£
tin: IV ^ nu zp-.agfty that was reported buck
fiom tlx- Committee of Ways and Means the
<v..cr fhty, and to have it referred to the Com-
mit'* r- of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I will then move to go into the Committee of
the Wlmle on the state of the Union, with a
vi<-w to discussion, which I think would be profit-
able both to the House and the country at this
ct'lbiS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman from Virginia, that that message
is not on the Speaker's table. It was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and has not
been n ported back.
Air. MILLSOX. I understood they had re-
ported it back.
Mr. JONES. No, sir; they have reported a
bill, but not the message.
Mr. M1LLSON, Well, we can get it back.
Mr. LEITER, (at twenty minutes past one
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were, on
division—ayes 73, noes 7d.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Orr's motion
for a call of the House; and being taken, it was
decided in the negative—yeas 91, nays 95; as
follows:
VEAS—Me?srs. Aiken, Akers, Barksdale, Bell, TJendiey
S iiennett, Boeock, Bowie, Bo) ce, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
wafader, John P. Campbell. Carhle, Caskie, Bayard CJmke,
Chn man, Unwell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, ('ox,
C'K'ii.'C. Crawiuid, Culien, lUvjd>on, Timothy Daus Den-
v."'. iJt Wut, l>im deil. Duriee, Eilniutui.-on, Elliott, Cu-5ti>,
Evan«, TaUikTier, ria ler, Floren'-e, Goode, Gieeuwood,
J Mnrr.?oii fl.un>. ^aaip=on W. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ri-, Ihekii.un, Ho'llm.ui, Tnoma* R. Horton, Bnu-Um,
Jkwwt, (ii.-ihi.v W J one-, J. Clancy Jones Kelly. Kid^oil,
Lak«-, Letcher. Luuuev, Lumpkin, Ibnnphrej Mai-hall,
S.imiit i r5 Mai-hall. Maxwell. MeUulliu, McUaccn, Smith
MiUi, -Mill-on. Miliwciui. Mord^r.u Oliver, Orr, Peek,
I'uwjI. Quitman. I?'i'-tud, Uivei-, Kufiiii. R't-t,
fc?arm(':rt\ ^avane. Reward. Saorter, Samuel A, rSiiiifl),
Williun ^m.th, SnVed. Stenhcn=. Stewait, Suope,T; ylor,
TikI- tu<iud. Vail. Waikei.* W.unoi, Wheeler, Williams,
Win-low. Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wnght—91.
XaVS M'J-m*- Albilifht. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay B-'n=on, BiiUnL'lmr.-t, Bingham, Bishop, BIis-, fliad-
sha'u. Bietj ton. Buffintoii, Jairie^ H Campbell, L<>wis 1).
Cnmpbell, Chatfee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Coira*, Coining
Cowid^. Crasin. Cumback. Dainrell, Henry W inter Davis,
Dean. Dick. Oiek-on, Dodd, Dunn, Edwaidn. Emrie, Gai-
lm\ v Giddni'f-jGilbeit. Gianger/irow, Un-lan, Ilollow.iy,
II'.w.ud, ilu-'b-ton, KeNev, Knapp, Knmht, Knowlton,
i Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw the rao-
! tion to lay on the table, if the gentleman will
| withdraw ins demand for the previous question,
; and allow the resolution to be perfected before it
! is voted on by the House.
: Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I think we shall bet-
! ter understand the lesolution when we come to
! see it in print. I therefore move that the House
j adjourn.
| The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes before two o'clock) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 27, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approyed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Hodman M.
Price be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Court of Claims.
PENSACOLA DOCK.
Mr. MALLORY. On the morning of the ad-
journment of the last session, 1 offered a reso-
lution of inquiry in relation to the dock at the
navy-yard in my own State. I thought the res-
olution had been passed, but I find that it has
simply been printed. It has the sanction of the
Secretary of the Navy. It is merely a resolution
of inquiry, and I ask that it maybe considered
and passed now.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy eau-e a thor-
ough examination to be made, by a boau! of mibtaiy and
civil engineers, of the condition and probable duration of
the wooden dock at the Pe^acola navy-yard, together with
the annual exppiif-c or maintaining itin woikmu condition ;
and ol-o the oo-i of con -ti uetmg at <ud >ard,up<in ihe
mo-t approved plan, a pumanent stone dock for dor*k,.i2
the talipot na\al voxels winch the depth of water on the
j Pensa-jola bar ;uhi\i\
: The resolution was considered by unanimous
' consent, and agreed to.
j KANSAS LAWS.
| Mr. HUNTER. The question before the Sen-
j ate is the bill introduced by the Senator from
I California, [Mr. Weller.] f believe.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the un-
i finished business of yesterday, and wiii be taken
up
Mr. CASS. I ask the honorable Senator from
;; VirgiiuaTo" allow /me to interrupt him for a few
Ohwi'. Pinker, Pulton, I't'iinin'j:ton, IV'tnt, Fikf, Foift'r, minutes. I railed at tlio Depaitmrnt or a |:
aiifr c. \Va~lihUr«e. Ellihu B. Wa-hburne, I-i.v] tt'.feli-
hut 11. Welch, Whmiey, Wood, Woodruff, and oud-
u jrtli—95.
So a call of the House was refused.
The que&tion recurred on Mr. "VVakeman's res-
old t'.Oil.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from INew
day or two ago to ascertain the true state of things
in Kansas—what the Government had done, aud
what the military were doing. The Secretary of
War put into my hands extracts from two letters
of General Smith—one dated the 6th, and the
: other the 11th of August—the last which have ^
i been received from linn. There have been so j
many misrepr-
esentations circulated throughout
the community with respect to tne instructions
of the Government and the course of the milnary
York will "lVe me his attention a moment, i will I1 in Kansas, and these letters written by General i
, -it it°-.eems to me that the resolution is too ' j Smith are so sound and just in i.ieinseives, ana 1 '
her of his i"anulv, and yet draw his pay, and I
tl'U'k that, in siieh case, he might pioperlj- pair j,
elf with another similarly circuuihianceJ. ^
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. j,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the (|
^■cimI' mmr fi om iVe\v ^ ork that he inoiie his ICS- [>
r.;nt.1 lomt resolution. I asree With tile gen- ,■
ti, mall ill'the oineet of his resolution, bat I tlnini !
it is iiroiior that we slioi.ld malce tins proposition \
in 1. Ml. et to pan-in; off apply to both Houses of ;
Cool-I"-^. " ,
.Mr. WA'vI'.AI ■ I have no design to change
the law .11 re-ii.-'t to tile comp, Iisation of n.etn-
h..,s ,,f Corgi,'ss. Mv oiiiv olijeet was to do'eet
til,' S,'1!1, ae.t-at-Ai UIN in Ins duties, under-the
< xtMin<: law.
Mr. liOU-sTON. Is it in order to mov.
ref'i- tins resolution to the Coni.nittee oil til
Juihenry:
Tin- SPKAIvEll. It is not in order pending
the motion to lay on the table.
to
by the Secretai y
The Secretary read as follows:
Extract from a UUrr of Genc-al 1'. V. Smith, to the Mju-
taut General or Uic *'h ?/■;/■  dated
likadqcarttrs of the west. ^
Fort Lkavenwohtu- viitzustg,
I would not notice reports I m fie oi c>mo-
nnticcs' that haw applied to mt- foi pn.icouort a>nl my
tefu^al to giant it, and ( foilic(--ucli iiku^ it 1 oul not &ce
that the ob|oct> iwi whudi -uch aio oucui.^cd. ate
bi'iic" caiiK'd out l>.\ mnui'itu-i ot Comics- in r< oi
uiqmrv. The whole gro—> talnicatioi^ ; tueie is no
toiind.uion toi anv of them.
"The only application* made woro hy utdivuluaK asltms
Pie to -fud'a totcc with th-oi to piopyity £Ue>
■ -lU^ed io hav • li,>eu llh'^dly tiiken from tliem. ' R,iviirf'a
them to tHo i nil auihoutj tor rodres?; but told them, if tie
e.vil auTtioutv t'utind it-eif too weak to entorre a-> wrtt^,
' ;r-i^:it.ee would be i.nnwhcd them- rl hpu* have been dut
mo su« h jippli'-ntion* by individual'
to ai <M.upia\ ium to the judue
or r*H> uffo'V. (about throe n-..-   .
do ;■ to dime to me, I deciiuea, as ho evidentlv
' was not Miicete in his application.
^Thp tioop? liavenot dor.t any act
, and one tot an escort
the (rmted States const
s olH) hut as= he iode by
• inrn I have been
here, that looked the Ioast like any attempt to interfere with
a cituen, except that of guarding the prisoners charged with
treason, and m the custody of the marshal."
fojjy of a letter from Brevet Major General P. F. Smith,
commanding department of the West, dated
Fort Leavenworth, Jiii°ust 11, 1856.
Coloncl ; I have received a letter from Governor Shan-
non asking me ro take the field, with the whole disposable
force m the Territoiy, to prevent the ingress of " Lane's
party" by the northern boundary of the Territory. The
information given to the Governor has been so exaggerated,
and is to my knowledge so incorrect, that I decline making
a movement that would introduce as mueh disorder as
existed six weeks ago. Captain T. J. Wood, with his com-
pany of fir^t cavalry, is upon the northern frontier, and I
shall depend on hn reports to govern my action.
Some of the companies along the Kansas were sent by
the commanding officer there at the Governor's jequest to
break up camps of armed men at several places he desig-
nated. On the arrival of the troops at the points designated,
not only were no camps found, but none had ever existed
there, or anywhere else m their neighborhood. I know
that each party is trying to engage the action of troops in
evpelhng their adver&anesf, and T place no dependence on
the rppoits that do not come from what I consider good au-
tlioritv.
The Indian prisoners under the care of Lieutenant
YVheaton, first cuvalrv, left to day. He will take them to
Fort Ivearnev, and thence Captain Steuart, fir>t cavalry,
will conduct them to Foit Laramie. They had got sicWy,
and so impatient that I promised to let them go after the
10th; and having heaid nothing of Major Johnson and his
recruits, f sent them off to-day.
With high re pect, your obedient servant
PERSIFElt F. SMITII,
Brevet Major General> Commanding Department.
Is it intended that Colonel Andrews, payina&ter, under
the order to report hero for duty, shall remain here, or can
I eend hun to tit. Loiu^ ?
PERSIFER.F SMITH,
Brevet Major General, Commanding: Department.
Colonel^. Cooper, Adjutant General of the Jhmy.
Mr. HUNTER. I was about to remark, when
I gave way to the Senator from Michigan, that
the bill introduced by the Senator from Califor-
nia corresponds precisely and accurately with
the eighteenth section of the bill introduced by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and
passed by the Senate. That bill, with that sec-
tion, lias been twice passed by the Senate, and
sent to the House of Representatives. Neither
of those bills has been acted on by the House.
I suppose there can be but little doubt that, if
the House had taken up either of those bills
and amended it by strikine; out all except the
clauses repealing those particular laws, it jiiight
have been passed through the Senate in that
shape. 11 is true, however, that that proposition
was connected witii other matter to which the
House was opposed; but be that as it, may, I sup-
! pose there can be 110 doubt that, whilst the Sen-
i ate, on the one hand, is willing to repeal certain
1 laws which it believes to be against the Consti-
tution of the United States, a majority of the
House, ou the oilier hand, would not he willing
to act thus partially 011 the subject, or would per-
mit 110 bill to be passed which did not repeal a
^l'-ut many more laws than the Senate would
to J ,
over consent to repeal.
Under those circumstances,it is manifestly im-
possible that this bill should ever reach the form
of a law. The only effect, therefore, of continu-
ing the debate upon it, and considering it furthci,
wfll be to delay the time of the Senate, and per-
haps to get up another political issue. Sir, there
is uo necessity for this. The political issues are
sufficiently well defined for both jiarties. The
Senate lias twice expressed its opinion by large
majorities on this question. Now, sir, in order
t:i:,_, ,.ve may save the time of the Senate, and that
we may get at the bill making appropriations foi
the \rmy, which is Oil your taole, and 011 which
I desire to act to-day, I move that this bill be laid
oil the table.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia to withdraw that motion for a moment,
merely to allow me to make a statement as to the
circumstances nuclei which this bill was intio-
I dneed. 1 think this is due as a matter ol justice
to roe, as the author of that bill.
, Mr. HUNTER. I will withdraw it if the ben-
tor will r-uiew the motion.
, Mr. WELLER. I will give the floor to 'he
1 Senator, that he may, if he chooses, ina.te tno
i motion. I said, when 1 introduced this bnl, that
it was introduced without consultation uiy
political friends. I regret very much that 1 have
incurred the displeasure of some of those witn
whom I am politically associated, by the intro-
' auction of this bill withoutconsuiraiion with tnem.
, There are manv gentlemen here for whose opin-
