14tik
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IS,
cause of the attack made upon me oh the 19tli and
"§0th of last month. Mr. Sumner, in his affidavit,
speaks of his speech being a reply to what I had
said at this session; but to call on us to go back
through our whole lives, and account "for contro-
versies which I had almost forgotten, is a different
matter. If, in the heat of blood, Mr. Sumner
'and myself had a fight of words here, I thought
it "ended with the contest.
. I wil} call the attention of the Senator from
Massachusetts to what I am about to read from
my remarks in reference to the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, in February,1854,toshowthe feelings which
I entertained towards Mr. Sumner until we had
thai unfortunatedifference about the fugitive slave
law, which has been alluded to, and I grant you
■we did then have a quarrel, but not before. I
opened my speech on the Kansas-Nebraska bill
by saying:
" The state of my voice is such that I may not be able to
epe&K with articulate clearness; but I will say one thing
before I go further. IF I had the tongue of Juvernal, I
would not use it as a rasp to exasperate sectional differ-
ences ; I certainly would not use it to irritate, or in any
manner to wound tlic feeliugs_of those from the North who,
in good faith, aie inclined to do the South justice. Rut,sir,
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
the honorable Senator from New York, |1VIr. Seward,] and
tfre honorable Senators from Ohio, [Messrs. Uuasi: and
Wade,] have said some hard things. They have uttered
language which might well call from me that of retaliation
and hostility. Sir. I shall not, however, draw from my
quiver any poisoned arrows } and if T give them aim, they
Will onlystnke where f think they should strike. For the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, who sits near me,
as a neighbor, as a gentleman of classic taste, as one with
whom I frequently converse upon subjects of that kind, I
have a respect winch such attainments may well inspire.
It has always given me pain when I have seen him under
the influence of feelings lather than of principles. I do not
allude to principles in a moral point of view, but to those
principles which should guide a statesman, rising and speak-
ing in the style and temper in wlueh he spoke the other
day."
Was not that, sir, enough to satisfy any man
that, whatever might, have been our collisions
heretofore, I treated him with kindness? Ho re-
ciprocated the feeling by some remarks which he
made. The little matters which have now been
alluded to show that this malice is about four
years old. A malice that is four years old 1 can-
not easily forgive. If the gentleman and myself
were now to get into a debate, and were to have
hard words, and they were to pass off, to-morrow
J should forget them; but, when the record of
four years is" to be brought up to convict a man
of matters which he cannot explain upon the
moment, it looks as if there were much that had
been treasured up. I have not treasured up any-
thing; and I say now, in good faith—I say it
here to this assembly, and to the Senator from
Massachusetts—(Mr. Sumner would recognize
it as soon as any other man if lie had not been
averted from a fair decision upon the subject)—I
never did, notwithstanding our collisions in de-
bate, refuse to speak to him kindly. Some of
my friends blamed me for my conduct, but I re-
garded hint asapretty fair adversary,and I never
refused to talk with him, and he conversed with
me, until he made that unfoitunate allusion to
the history of South Carolina, in which he said
that John Rutledge was willing to stipulate for
her neutrality during the war of the Revolution.
He made that under circumstances which I re-
gret.
He presented a proposition to repeal the fugitive
slave law. In as good faith and good temper as
I am now speaking, as far us I can speak on mat-
ters in regard to which, perhaps, I cannot exactly
convey the feelings which pervade my mind at
the time, I said that, although I originally intro-
duced the bill which was the foundation of the
fugitive slave law, I did it with great reluctance,
because I believed that the States themselves, by
the self-sufficing power of the Constitution, should
surrender fugitive slaves. I stated that I had no
very great confidence in the fugitive slave law;
but, as the question of its repeal was to be referred
to my committee, I desired to know of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, if his State would pass
a law on her own authority, or he would recom-
mend her to passalaw,to surrender back fugitive
slaves? That was the question I propounded,
and he answered, " Is thy servant a dog, that he
should do this thing?" I felta little stung at this
answer. I could not understand it. I ridiculed
it, and Senators laughed. I could not help their
laughing. It was ridicule, and it was playful. I
can assure the gentleman that, even after that,
our intercourse was continued until he came, in
three days afterwards, with a prepared philippic.
I think, then, that up to June, 1854, we ought
to have a liquidation of accounts. All matters
before that ought to be settled by the balance on
the ledger, in common fairness. Our blood was
up, and no doubt we talked a great deal. I hit
hull hard, and I have no doubt he thought he hit
me; but it was a fair fight,and notan old grudge.
1 never brooded over the matter.
When, however, three days after, we had our
little affair about the fugitive slave law, he came
in and put his finger upon South Carolina. I did
not measure words; I threw them back upon
him in a way which he felt. I jetted out what 1
thought, and he felt it. On that occasion I was
asked, " Will you not wait until to-morrow to re-
ply to the gentleman, so that you may do it with
justice and temper?" " No," said I tomy friend,
" I will not be a hyena to grabble at the graves of
Massachusetts for fear I might be tempted to do
her injustice; I will reply in the heat of the mo-
ment in warm blood." For God's sake, ifl am to
be condemned, I do not want anythinglike the feel-
ings of malignity and settled malice brought up
by indictment for speeches which I had made
and forgotten.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] has spoken of my manner. I said yester-
day that my manner may sometimes cvince im-
patience and excitement; but I venture to say,
when my words are weighed, and I am called
upon to do justice, I will never fail to do justice
where I think injustice has been done. I have
read you remarks which I made, as kind as
could be, towards the Senator's colleague down
to as late a period as February, 1854. Nothing
transpired to produce a change until June, when
he passed over the border, and made the assault
on South Carolina. Then, like Cortez, he burned
his ships, and had no way to return, and he has
been desperate ever since. I have no wish to in-
dulge in these matters; but as 1.suppose the .Sen-
ator [Mr. "\Vii.son| is to be considered in some
sense the historian of his State, I desire to ask
hnn how many battles were foughtin Massachu-
setts during tin1 revolutionary war?
Mr. WILSON. J will answer the Senator.
The battles fought in Massachusetts during the
Revolution weie few, because they were not ne-
cessary. Our Massachusetts men met the enemy
at Lexington, at Concord Bridge, at Bunker Hill,
and on the heights of Dorchester. They would
have met them on every spot in Massachusetts,
but the enemy took good care right early to get
and to keep out of that State.
Mr. TUTTLKR. I did not say that Massachu-
setts did not whip the enemy, and keep him out
of the State. All that 1 said was that the blood
shed in the battle of King's Mountain, the blood
shed at Cowpens, the blood shed at Guilford, the
blood shed at Camden, and the blood shed at
Charleston, in a fair measurement of liquid meas-
ure, would count hogsheads where gallons could
be counted from Massachusetts. Mr. Sumner
may say this is a loose declaration, and the Sen-
ator indorses him. I say the fact is so. We
were notindebted to Massachusetts for any of our
battles. But, sir, the gentleman shall not draw
from me any reproach on Massachusetts. I said
that Massachusetts did her duty. Did I not pay
a tribute to the battles of Lexington and Bunker
Hill ? Did I not use the strong expression, that
they were the Marathon and the Salamis of the
Revolution ? Did I not say that Massachusetts
had committed us in the contest, and that we helped
her?
Sir, I do not regard this debate as profitable. It
is a very disagreeable thing to me; but the Sen-
ator renews this matter about the respective titles
in history of Massachusetts and South Carolina.
Neither of the gentlemen from Massachusetts can
challenge history. History has already decided
upon their relative merits. I want the common
merits of South Carolina and Massachusetts to
go together so far as regards past history.
Mr. WILSON. I have a word to say in re-
sponse to the remarks just made by the Senator
in regard to what he calls the assault on South
Carolina. He said yesterday, as I understood
him, that " South Carolina had shed hogsheads
of blood where Massachusetts had shed gallons"
during the Revolution.
Mr. BUTLER. On the battle-fields of the two
States.
Mr. WILSON. I heard no such limitation.
I understood the Senator to mean that South
Carolina had contributed hogsheads of the blood
of her sons where Massachusetts had only con-
tributed gallons to the Revolution. Sir, South
Carolina furnished five thousand five hundred sol-
diers; Massachusetts sixty-nine thousand; and
they drove the enemy, and followed the enemy,
ana met the enemy on the battle-fields of the Rev-,
olution, from the northern to the southern bound-
aries of the Republic—from the St. Lawrence to
the St. Mary's. There were but few battles
fought on the soil of Massachusetts, for the rea-
son that the enemy thought it was safer to leave
Massachusetts and go to South Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. He never did go from there
to South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. The British army thought it
was not safe to be very near the battle-fields of
Concord, of Lexington, and of Bunker Hill, and
it left Massachusetts,and took good care to keep
out of a Commonwealth where friends always
find a welcome, and foes are apt to find a grave.
During the Revolution, a portion of the people
of South Carolina, the Gadsdens, the Rutledges,
the Laurenses, the Sumpters, the Marions, made
as great sacrifices for the cause of independence
as any patriots in any portion of the land; but the
fact cannot be denied, and all these patriots, in-
cluding even Marion, convict South Carolina of
the fact, that she had a large class of Tories.
There was a civil war in that State, and more than
that, thousands and tens of thousands of her sons
sought protection under the British flag. When
the army of Greene was starving, the British
army in Charleston was receiving all that the fer-
tile valleys of South Carolina could produce,
carry into Charleston, and exchange for British
gold. When Greene and his patriot army wanted
oxen and horses to carry supplies, they were
hustled off into the forest by people who had,
to quote the words of General Barnwell, £< far
greater attachment to their interests than zeal for
the service of their country."
Mr. BUTLER. Let me ask the gentleman
who fed Greene's army at that time?
Mr. WILSON. " Who fed Greene's army?"
That army was hardly fed at all—at any rate it
was but poorly fed and scantily clothed. I ap-
prehend, sir, that Greene's army—like the school
boys whistle that whistled itself—fed itself.
I have no disposition to assail the Senator's
State. I should blush ifl could say aught against
the patriots of South Carolina, or ever cease to
feel gratitude for their efforts—their prompt re-
sponse to the patriots of my own State in the early
days of the Revolution; but, sir, Gadsden, Burke,
Marion, Ramsay, Barnwell, and the patriots of
that period, have borne this evidence, that South
Carolina was weakened in that contest by the ex-
istence of slavery. That was what Mr. Sumner
charged, and on a former occasion demonstrated,
and that, I take it, no man here or elsewhere can
deny.
The Senator tells us that he has complimented
the battle-fields ofMassachusetts, the fields*of Lex-
ington, Concord, and Bunker Hill. That Senator,
and the constituents of that Senator, can stand
upon those sacred spots, and breathe something
of the spirit of Liberty tha't makes them immor-
tal. He can utter his sentiments—sentiments so
little in harmony with the gallant dead that sleep
beneath those hallowed sods; or the living who
now guard them under the protection of law and a
public sentiment nurtured and sustained by free
speech. I should be proud to tread the battle-fields
of South Carolina, hallowed by patriot blood.
Yes, sir, it would afford me intense gratification to
stand upon those stricken fields so dear to every
true American heart; but I do not know that 1
could do so without suppressing those cherished
sentiments of liberty, for the vindication of which
patriot blood was poured out at Camden, Guil-
ford, Eutaw, and Ilobkirk Hill.
But all these allusions and reflections upon the
history of the past afford me no gratification. I
say to the Senator from South Carolina, that he,
and I, and all of us, had far better turn from the
past, cease to reflect upon the services of out-
States in the revolutionary era, and deal with
the living questions which we must meet in this
age—questions that have great issues, involving
