1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
the interests of our common country and the
rights of human nature. He, and I, and all of
us here, ought to strive to settle these great issues
for the good of our common country, and the
whole people of the country, bond and free.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the Senator from
Massachusetts in some of his remarks alluded to
me in a manner which impressed me with the
belief that it was his purpose to offer me some
personal indignity. If I misunderstood him I
wish to be corrected.
Mr. "WILSON. I will state frankly what I
meant. I referred to the remark made by the
Senator from Alabama the other day, that we
assailed them at home, and came here and sought
their acquaintance, and, if they permitted us to
associate with them, fawned on them with abject
servility. I felt the remark to be insulting to
myself and to every member on this side of the
Chamber. I said—and I repeat it—it is strange
language. It is unjust language. It is language
which the Senator from Alabama has no right to
use here towards me or my associates.
Now, I have a word to say in regard to per-
sonal indignities. I have no disposition to say
an unkind or disrespectful word of any member
of the Senate; but when a Senator uses expres-
sions Ijere which I feel to be unjust towards me,
I will speak of them as 1 think they deserve. I
say, therefore, that I speak in the fullest, broad-
est, strongest condemnation of the sentiment to
which I have alluded, and I say that the Senator
had no right to use it, and it was an insult to me
and my section of the Union.
Mr. CLAY. I presume I am bound to under-
stand, from the Senator's explanation, that he dis-
claims a purpose of intending to insult me by the
remarks which he used.
Mr. WILSON. I tell the Senator frankly that
I have no disposition to say an insulting word to
him. What I meant to say was utterly, fully,
and totally to condemn his words; and I spoke
of them in the strongest manner of condemnation
that I could use. I have no disposition to offer
a personal insult to that Senator, or to any mem-
ber of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. That is altogether satisfactory.
If that explanation were not made, I should
attempt to vindicate myself from the seeming re-
proach of the Senator from Massachusetts; But I
am not disposed at this time to rehearse old griev-
ances or to recapitulate the evidence which has
already been adduced by me to justify and sustain
the charge which 1 made. I might make an appeal
to the judgment of some Senators on the other side
of this House; for I do not arrogate to those who
agree with me in political sentiment all the honor
and all the chivalry. I can say with truth to the
Senator from Massachusetts, that there are Sena-
tors who, peril aps, accord with hi m fully in respect
to thatinstitution which he condemns, who know
that my intercourse with them has hitheito been
characterized, not only by courtesy, but by kind-
ness. I have never assailed—I have never com-
plained of any Senator for condemning the insti-
tution of slavery. I do not ask of any Senator,
that his action upon that subject more than upon
any other should fully square with my own. I
do claim, however, as a southron and a slave-
holder, that I am no less a gentleman, and no less
worthy of the respect of gentlemen, than those
who do not own slaves, and were born north of
Mason and Dixon's line.
Those Senators whom I did assail—and I will
now do the justice to say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I did not embrace him, al- ;
though I did his colleague—those Senators whom :
I did assail, and who were distinctly designated '
by name, have denied to me, and to every Senator ]
sitting upon this floor who owns a slave, all the |
characteristics ofgentlemen. They have imputed ■
to us a crime in exercising that right which be- j
longs to us. They have ascribed to us the quali- i
ties and conduct of freebooters and robbers. I ;
quoted their language, uttered in New England >
and New York, not here, to prove it. They have 1
assailed the integrity of every individual who
stands in the relation of master to a slave. Still, j
these Senators thus denying to us all the moral I
attributes ofgentlemen come here, and, as I said :
before, seek and court our society. They come !
to us with friendship on their brows, but with !
rancor in their hearts. 1
I do maintain that this is duplicity unworthy
of gentlemen. I do maintain that itis hypocrisy
both towards us who are assailed and towards
their constituents. I do maintain that no fair-
minded, honest, plain-sailing man could be guilty
of such conduct. That I denounced, but adduced
the proof of my charge against them, at the time.
I do not think the Senator from Massachusetts
will rise in his place and here indorse the lan-
guage uttered by those Senators which I quoted.
That Senator knows, because he is an intelligent
man, and understands the import of the English
language, that there is no crime of which we
might not be guilty, if we possessed the charac-
teristics which have been imputed to us. He
knows that, if the picture painted of slaveholders
by his colleague were true, we should be unworthy
of the countenance or the society of honorable or
even civilized men. And, yet, he has kept com-
pany with and sought the society of slaveholders !
Such conduct I condemned in no measured terms.
But I never imputed such conduct to any save
those distinguished by name—not to any party,
but to a few individuals.
Mr. EVANS. I purpose to say something on
this subject. I will go on this evening if the Sen-
ate desire it, or at whatever time the Senate may
name.
Mr. WELLER. With the permission of the
Senator, 1 will move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 13, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded a divi-
sion of the House on the motion.
The question was put; and 65 members rose in
the affirmative.
Mr. TRAFTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN then withdrew the motion.
Mr. BOCOCK moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar—this being private bill day.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out
of order—the business before tiie House being
the motion made by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
some days ago, to amend the Journal.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the House then—at ten minutes past twelve
o'clock—adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.    
HOUSE' OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 14, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THURSTON presented joint resolutions
of the State of Rhode Island concerning the recent
occurrences in Congress, and in the Territory of
Kansas; which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Messrs. TRAFTON and DEAN presented
resolutions of the States of Massachusetts and
Connecticut of o similar character; which in like
manner were laid upon the table, and ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is a
quorum present we had better adjourn over to
Wednesday next; and 1 therefore make that
motion.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. We can do no busi-
ness without aquorum; and toascertain that fact,
I call for a division of the House on the question.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
The question was put; and on a division there
were G2 in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Colfax were appointed.
Mr. BARCLAY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were aot ordered.
The question was taken; and it wa? dccidcd in
the affirmative—ayes $8, noes 31. • r
So the House agreed to the adjournment over
to Wednesday next.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was agreed to; and
Thereupon the House (at fifteen minutes past
twelve o'clock) adjourned until Wednesday next
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June IS, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Pres-
ident, by an act of the Legislature of Tennessee,
the Governor of that State was directed to pur-
chase the " Hermitage," formerly the residence
of General Jackson, with a view to present it to
the United States, on condition that a military
institution, as a branch of the Military Academy
at West Point, should be located there. The last
Legislature of the Commonwealth of Kentucky
passed resolutions instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives in the otlier
branch of Congress to use their exertions for the
purpose of accomplishing that object. Those
resolutions I present, and move that they be laid
on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS presented the memorial of James
H. Bryson, one of the legal representatives of
the North Carolina Cherokee Indians, praying
that the provisions of the fourth section of the
act of 1848, and the third section of the act of
1855, may be extended to all who were embraced
in the census roll of John C. Mullay; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
John L. Hayes, in behalf of many citizens of the
United States and of the British North American
Provinces, praying that the principle of reci-
procity may be applied tp the patent laws <?f the
United States and Great Britain, so as to secure
to citizens of each country the benefits of thcir
inventions in the other; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DURKEE presented an additional paper
in relation to the petition of Sally C. Northqp;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
citizens of Iowa, praying fo.r the adoption of
measures for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean; which was referred to the select
committee on that subject.
FREE SHIPS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if, ill his jiuig-
ment the public interests admit of it, to communicate to the
Senate a copy of the instructions sent by this Government
to Mr. Buchanan, late Minister to England, on the subject
of free ships making free aoods, and Mr. Buchanan's letter
to Lord Clarendon on the same subject.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 38)
to authorize the investigation and determination
of asserted titles to the Hot Springs of Ouachita,
in the State of Arkansas, reported it back with
amendments.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, in February
last, a bill was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce to amend the act entitled an actfor the bet-
ter security of the lives of passengers on board
vessels propelled in whole Or in part by steam.
That bill was reported back with a new draft; and
if it is to receive action at this session of Con-
gress, it is very desirable that it should receive
action now, in consequence of the duties and obli-
gations which it imposes on the inspectors. I
therefore ask the Senate to take up that bill this
morning. I think the bill-is so draw-n that it will
meet with objection from no Senator here. I hope
it will be taken up and- considered to-day. 1
