1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
Mr. ORR. Such a motion is certainly not in
order.
The SPEAKER. Notin order except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ORR. If tlie gentleman from Ohio will
allow me, I -will suggest that if the House would,
by common consent, agree that the vote should
be taken at one o'clock to-morrow, and that no
vote should be taken this evening, gentlemen who
desired to speak could have an opportunity this
evening, and any gentleman who desired to leave
the Hall could do so safely.
A general assent was expressed to the propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
House, then, by unanimous consent, to agree that
the previous question shall be moved to-morrow
at one o'clock. -
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is it also^nderstood
that no business shall be transacted tms evening?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that propositions cannot be introduced by
unanimous consent. If objection be made, how-
ever, no vote can be taken.
Mr.HALL, ofIowa,then addressed the House
for one hour, on Kansas affairs; a report of his
speech will be found in the Appendix.
The debate was continued by Messrs. BAR-
BOUR and LAKE. Their speeches willl be jiub-
lishcd in the Appendix.
Mr. DAMRELL obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope that, when the House
adjourns, it will adjourn to an earlier hour than
twelve o'clock. I desire to make a few remarks
upon the question now before the House, and as
one o'clock is fixed as the hour at which the vote
shall be taken, I hope we shall adjourn till an
earlier hour than usual.
Mr. CADWALADER. I would suggest to
the gentleman that he can hand his remarks to
the reporters.
Mr. BOWIE. No; I prefer to make them here.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I renew the motion.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. DAMRELL then resumed the floor and
addressed the House for an hour. lie has with-
held his speech for revision. It will appear in the
Appendix.
- Mr. ENGLISH said he doubted whether it
was in the power of the House to remedy the
evils complained of in reference to the Kansas
election, even if the facts were as alleged by the
friends of Governor Recder. He was inclined,
however, as a matter of policy, if for no other
reason, to have the facts investigated, provided it
could be done fairly, and with a proper regard to
economy. The partisan character of the Com-
mittee of Elections, as well as the great expense
which would be incurred, would prevent his
voting for the proposition to confer upon that
committee unlimited power to send for persons
and papers. For like reasons he could not favor
the appointment of members of the House by
the Speaker to act as commissioners and to take
evidence. It would be a second edition of the
Committee of Elections. He favored the plan
proposed by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] appointing, as such commissioners,
two eminent legal gentlemen, disinterested, with-
out bias, and not members of the House. He
defended the Kansas-Nebraska act from the charge
of being the cause of the present troubles. Jt
was the violation of the leading principle of that
act, by interference on the part of outsiders of
both sections, that-these difficulties have occurred
in Kansas. As well might the late election frauds
and riots m the States be attributed to the passage
of that law. The whole matter ought to have
been left to the calm decision of the actual set-
tlers of the Territory.
Mr. E. proceeded to address the House further,
but his remarks have been withheld for revision,
and will be published at large hereafter in the
Appendix.
Mr. BOWIE. I desire to say a few words
upon this report before it is acted upon by the
House; but as members are fatigued by the ex-
tended debate of to-day, hoping that the House
will indulge me for half an hour in'the morning,
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CADWALADER. Will the gentleman
withdraw that motion for a moment?
Mr. BOWIE. Certainly.
Mr. CADWALADER. Justice would require
us to vote for the investigation in the form pro-
posed, or in some other form, if its result could
in any possible event benefit the contestant, Gov-
ernor Rceder. But, upon his own exhibition of
his case, he would not be entitled to the seat if the
election of the sitting member, General Whit-
field, should be set aside. There is no pretense,
on behalf of the contestant, that he received a
single vote at any legally-authorized election.
It is therefore obvious that the effort is merely
to vacate the scat in order that there may be a
new election.
Heie, again, justice would require us to vote
for an investigation of the truth of any facts in
dispute, if, upon the result of the investigation,
it could possibly appear that the seat ought to be
vacated and a new election ordered. The seat
ought to be thus vacated if the election of the
sitting Delegate could be shown to have been
unlawful.
This election of the sitting Delegate was held
in apparent conformity to the provisions of an
act of the Territorial Legislature, which purports
to have authorized such an election. It must,
therefore, have been a lawful election if the
bodies which enacted it composed the Legislature
of Kansas.
The sitting Delegate received all the votes
polled at this election—the only one which pur-
ports to have been authorized by Urn. This is not
disputed. As no votes were cast in favor of any
other person, the smallest number of lawful votes
was sufficient to elect him. It is not denied that,
if this was a lawful election, some legal votes were
polled.
The contest is thus, whether the acting Legis-
lature of Kansas was the rightful Legislature of
that Territory5 This is disputed on grounds
which involve questions, first, of the fairness of
the election of its members; and, secondly, of
the regularity of their organization and proceed-
ings. Now, if all that has been alleged, on the
part of the contestant, concerning their election,
organization, and proceedings, were true, they
still composed what was in fact t\ie Legislature
of the Teiritory. The body which was thus the
Legislature in fact must, m a collateral proceed-
ing like the present, be regarded as having been
the Legislature in law, until its acts shall have
been rightfully set aside or annulled by some
superior jurisdiction. This House, acting as a
distinct body upon a contested election, is not a
superior jurisdiction. It has no power of revision
of the pioceedmgs of the Kansas Legislature.
The House is not now participating in a proceed-
ing which can become an act of legislation.
Whether an act of Congress passed by this House
and the Senate, and approved by the President,
annulling the proceedings of the Kansas Legis-
lature, would be valid, is not the question. Its
validity would be determinable with reference to
the question, how far, and for what purposes, is
Kansas a subordinate dependency of the General
Government? She cannot be regarded as subor-
dinate to this House, acting as a distinct body,
exercising its privilege of determining the quali-
fications of its members. Tims acting, this
House proceeds judicially, as has already been
fully shown in the course of the discussion. If
we could inquire collaterally into the election, or-
ganization, or proceedings, of the Legislature of
Kansas, in order to determine the validity of a
law purporting to have been enacted under their
authority, they could, on the same principle, in-
quire into our elections or organization, in order
to'determine the validity of our proceedings.
Neither body can assume the cognizance of such
questions.
As this House has no power to decide that the
acting Legislature of Kansas was no Legislature,
we cannotannul or disregard the law underwhich
the sitting Delegate was elected. It follows, that j
if everything alleged on behalf of the contestant I
were proved, the law* passed by that Legislature, j
which he would set aside, must be regarded as i
having been in force within the Territory. The j
investigation which it is proposed to make would,
therefore, at all events, be fruitless. I
Consequently, such an investigation ought not
to be made in any form. This renders it unneces-
sary to inquire whether it should be made in the
unusual mode proposed. .
To this mode many objections have been urged
which I will not repeat. I will merely add, that
to bring persons and papers before the committee
would result in returning depositions of the per-
sons and copies of the papers to the House.
The duty of taking such depositions and copies
might be performed elsewhere, by other persons,
probably quite a? well as by the committee in
Washington, and certainly at less expense of
time and money.
Mr. BOWIE. I renew the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House two
communications from the Treasury Department,
containing estimates for, additional appropria-
tions for the Territories of Minnesota and New
Mexico, for the years ending June 30,1256, and
June 30, 1857; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion of Mr. Bowie was then agreed to;
and at twenty minutes before six o'clock the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 19, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry (xOean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the improvement
of the falls of Red river, at or near Alexandria,
Louisiana;which, on motionby Mr. Seward, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
showing, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the amount paid for printing by that De-
partment during the year ending the 31st Decem-
ber, 1855, not executed under the provisions of
the act of August 26, 1852; which, on motion by
Mr. St, ward, was referred to the Committee on
Piinting.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I rise to call up
the bounty land bill of the House of Representa-
tives, (H. R. No. 8,) which was reported from tlie
Committee on Public Lands, with sundry amend-
ments, some days ago, with a \iew to move its
recommitment to the Committee on Public Lands.
1 make this motion after consultation with the
committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that will be done.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
recommitted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Oscar Piter, praying for compensation for prop-
erty destroyed in the bombardment of Grey town
by the United States sloop of war Cyane; "which
was referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. DODGE presented a memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Wisconsin, piaying
for the establishment of a mail route from j\Iin-
eral Point to Orion and Richland Centre, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of the clerks
at the national armory ot Harper's Ferry, in
behalf of themselves and the clerks at the national
armory at Springfield, praying for an increase of
their compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Mineral Point
to Orion and Richland Centre, m that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Woodbury county, Iowa, in favor of the ex-
tension of tlie western boundary of that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
