1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
JSeutrality Laws—Mr. Quitman.
Ho. of Reps.
Central America, is indispensable to intercourse
and internal commerce between the Atlantic and
Pacific portions of our country. It is now the
only roau; for many years to come it will be the
only commodious road of transit. I know that there
has been projected a magnificent idea of effecting,
at some distant day, a speedy and safe passage
' across the great plains of the West, and over the
nigged mountains that separate the Atlantic and.
Pacific slopes of our continent. I heartily wish^
success to this plan; it is a fitting subject for the
individual enterprise of our citizens, and for such
governmental encouragement as can be properly,
given; but, even if assisted by all the resources
of our Government, long years must elapse be-
fore this undertaking can furnish a sure and ex-
peditious route across the continent within our
own territory. Until then, and during the period
of the greatest emigration, while our infant set-
tlements on the Pacific coast especially require
our fostering care and protection, the true and
natural route of communication must be across the
isthmus of Central America. The unobstructed
passage of the isthmus is, therefore, a necessity.
It can be secured only by becoming part of our
country—bone of our bone, and flesh of our
flesh—or by being held under our immediate pro-
tection. Treaties with all the Powers of Europe
would be insufficient to answer our purpose. At
the moment when their use is most needed, trea-
ties may be violated or abrogated. The isthmus
must be in friendly hands, or in our own. To
delay in seizing or securing it, is to commit u
act of moral treason against ourselves. When!
apeak of a friendly Power, I mean one that is
identified with us in common interests, and sim-
ilar political institutions—a Power that, when the
mighty struggle between despotism and constitu-
tional liberty shall take place, will be found at
our side as a firm and reliable ally*
It is equally necessary that Cuba should be
united with us in the ties of a# common destiny.
Her geographical position proclaim^ her ours.
That magnificent island lies along our southern
borders so near, that the sound of the morning
gun, booming on the dawn of our great anniver-
sary of independence, awakes an echo among
her cliffs.
A single glance at the map is sufficient to show
that Cuba, with her numerous deep and commo-
dious harbors, stretching across the mouth of the
vast island sea of America, commands the entire
trade of the Gulf of Mcxico. It is the commer-
cial and naval stragetic key of the richest products
of the world. Not a bale, a barrel, or a box, that
passes from the valley of the Mississippi, or from
the States bordering on the gulf, can reach the
high seas through their natural outlet, without
being exposed to the cannon that bristle from the
fortresses of Cuba. Should this mistress of the
gulf ever be in the possession of a declared
enemy, we would be effectually cut off from the
proper path of our southern and western trade;
the best productions of our country, amounting
in value to one half of all its exports, would be
at the mercy of the foe. Prom the Cuban ports,
sos trongly protected by both nature and art, would
■ally out, daily, fast war steamers, swooping
down, like kites, upon the white-winged carriers
of our commerce, and even, threatening our ex-
tensive and defenseless coasts.
The communication and transit-commerce be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific coasts being thus
dependent upon the disposition of the Cuban au-
thorities, we can easily perceive the necessity for
uniting that island with us by strong and lasting
interests. But this is not all. If these considera-
tions were not pressed upon us by the, dictates
of necessity, there are other vast and paramount
reasons little short of absolute necessity—reasons
which Vattel, in the quotation already presented,
designates as the pursuit of perfection and happi-
ness; reasons in which are involved our peace, our
prosperity, and the progress of civilization on
this continent; and it is to these reasons that our
immediate and earnest attention must be directed.
. As early as 1823, Mr. Jefferson, foreseeing the
immense advantages, since so fullydeveloped, of
uniting our interests with Cuba, wrote to Presi-
dent Monroe as follows:
J candidly confess I have ever looked on Cuba as the
most interesting addition which could ever be made to our
system of States. The control which, with the Florida
point, this island would give us over the Gulf of Mexico,
and the countries and isthmus bordering on it, as well as
those waters which How into it, would fill up the measure
of our political well-being."
Mr. Stevenson, while Minister to England, in
a letter to Mr. Forsyth, Secretary of State in
1837,says:
"The possession of Cuba by a great maritime Power
would be little less than the establishment of a fortification
at*the mouth of the Mississippi, commanding the Gulf of
Mexico and Florida, and consequently the whole trade of
the western States, besides deeply affecting the interests
and tranquillity of the southern portion of this Union."
J. Q,. Adams, when Secretary of State, in hi*
instructions to Mr. Nelson, in 1823, says:
"Cuba's commanding position, with reference to the
Gulf of Mexico and the West Indies, &c., gives it an
importance in the sum of our national interests with which
that of no other foreign territory can be compared."
In his letter to our Minister at Madrid, written
during the same year, Mr. A. further says:
" In looking forward to the probable course of events for
the short period of half a century, it is scarcely possible to
resist the conviction that the annexation of Cuba to our
Federal Republic will be indispensable to the continuance
and*integrity of the Union itself."
In 1852, Mr. Everett, Secretary of State, in
reply to the French Minister, writes:
" The United States, on the other hand, would, by
the proposed convention, disable themselves from mak-
ing an acquisition which might take place without any dis-
turbance of existing foreign relations, and in the natural
order of things. The island of Cuba lies at our doors. It
commands the approach to the Gulf of Mexico, which
washes the shores of five of our States. It bars the entrance
ofthat great river which drains half the North American
continent, and with its tributaries forms the largest system
of internal water communication in the world. It keeps
watch at the doorway of our intercourse with California
by the Isthmus route. If an Island like Cuba, belonging to
the Spanish crown, guarded the entrance of the Thames and
the Seine, and the United States should propdse a conven-
tion like this to France and England, those Powers would
assuredly feel that the disability assumed by ourselves was
far less serious than that which we asked them to assume."
* * * * *
" But whatever may be thought of these last suggestions,
it would seem impossible for any one who reflects upon
the events glanced at in this note to mistake- the law of
American growth and progress, or think it can be ulti-
mately arrested by a convention like that proposed. In the
judgment of the President, it would be as easy to throw a
dam from Cape Florida to Cuba, in the hope of stopping
the flow of the gulf-stream, as to attempt by a compact
like this to fix the fortunes of Cuba< now and for hereaf-
ter;'or, as expressed in the French text of the conven-
tion, ' for the present as for the future,' (pour le present
commt pour I'acenir,) that is, for all coming time."
Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Mason, and Mr. Soule,
our Ministers to London, Paris, and Madrid,
having, in compliance with the wish of the Presi-
dent, assembled at Ostend in 1854, for the pur-
pose of conferring on the subject of our relations
with Spain, addressed a joint letter to the Secre-
tary of State, from which I read the following
appropriate extract:
" But if Spain, dead to the voice of her own interest, and
actuated by stubborn pride and a false sense of honor,
should refuse to sell Cuba to the United States, then the
question will arise, what ought to be the course of the
American Government under such circumstances ?
" Self-preservation is the first law of nature with States
as well as with individuals. All nations have, at different
periods, acted upon this maxim. Although it has been
made the pretext for committing flagrant injustice, as in the
partition of Poland, and other similar cases which history
records, yet the principle itself, though often abused, has
always been recognized." * *   *  
" Whilst pursuing this course, we can afford to disregard
the censures of the world, to which we have been so often
and so unjustly exposed.
" After we sliall have offered Spain a price for Cuba far
beyond its present value, and this shall have been refused,
it will then be time to consider the question, does Cuba, in
the possession of Spain, seriously endanger our internal
peace and the existence of our cherished Union ? Should
this question be answered in the atfirmauve, then, by every
law, human and divine, we shall be justified in wresting it
from Spain if we possess the power; and this upon the
verysrfme pnnciple that would justify an individual in tear-
ing down the burning house of his neighbor, if there were
no other means of preventing the flames from destroying
his own home.
" Under su<jh circumstances, we ought neither to count
the cost, nor regard the odds which Spain might enlist
against us. We forbear to enter into the question, whether
the present condition of the island would justify such a
measure ? We should, however, be recreant to our duty,
be unworthy of our gallant forefathers, and commit base
treason against our posterity, should we permit Cuba to be
Africanized, and become a second St. Domingo, with all its
attendant horrors to the white race, and suffer the flames
to extend to our neighboring shores, seriously to endanger,
or actually to consume, the fair fabric of our Union. We
fear that the course and current of events are rapidly tend-
ing towards such a catastrophe. We, however, hope for
the best, though we ought certainly to be prepared for the
worst."
From the earliest ages, the East India-trade has
been the most valuable object of commercial na-
tions. The rise and fall of a hundred dynasties
have been dependent upon it. This commerce,
when borne on the backs of camels over the des-
erts of Asia, enriched Palmyra, and built up those
splendid palaces whose ruins, even afte the lapse
of many centuries, are the wonder of travelers,
and the shame of modern art. It was afterwards
seized upon by the genius of Alexander, to found,
and stamp with a conqueror's name, the glorious
city of the Nile; and, during the middle ages, it
was a source of unfailing wealth to the merchant
princes of Italy. After the southern capes of
Africa had been rounded by the bold navigator,
this commerce attracted the attention of England.
She grasped it; and her hold upon it, at this day,
is unloosened. From it she has derived the prin-
cipal elements of her naval importance. To per-
fect it, she has expended millions in attempts to
find a shorter passage through the iceberg? of the
Arctic seas. To retain it, she has been engaged
in numerous desperate struggles. Her wars with
Napoleon, and, more lately, her conflict with
Russia—no matter what may have been their
alleged pretext—have, in reality, grown out of
her jealousy against all nations that might dis-
pute with her the exclusive control of this vast
mine of commercial wealth.
This lucrative trade, during the next twenty
years, is destined to take a new channel. When
the isthmus of America shall be cut, the Gulf
of Mexico will become the highway of commu-
nication, not only between the most distant por-
tions ef our own Territory, but also between.
Europe and the East Indies, and China. The
Island of Cuba is, as I have before shown, the-
key to this path of communication. The pos-
sessors of that island will have the control of all
this mighty trade, and, consequently, will soon
become the first naval Power of the globe.
Such are the natural advantages of the Amer-
i ican continent; and to us, not to Europe, do they
I belong. We are the great Power of this hem-
isphere: it is not only our right, it is our positive
duty, so to direct our affairs that European Inter-
ests and intrigues may gain no permanent foot-
hold upon our shores. Shall we, who look upon
our institutions as promotive of the highest civ-
ilization, intellectual improvement, and popular
happiness,—shall we permit the natural advant-
ages of our land to be taken away? Shall we
yield them up, with calm indifference, to the
unfriendly Powers of Europe ?
We are not impelled only by the laudable
and patriotic desire of advancing the interests of
our own country; other considerations of a
higher character are presented by the aspect of
the neighboring States. Cuba has the most im-
portant claims upon our sympathy. There we
find a people of our own race, the white Cauca-
sian man—a race born for all noble endeavors,
and capable of indefinite progression—we find
that people crushed to earth by the brutal des-
potism of an old, effete, decayed, and corrupt
nation, which is itself kept alive only by the
principle adopted by the more vigorous Euro-
pean nations of preserving the " balance of
power." The tyranny of Spain over the people
of Cuba is a reproach to the age, a disgrace to
Europe, and an insult to the United States.
There is no legitimate Government in Cuba;
there is no law there. The will of a Spanish
satrap changes the Government from day to day,
and makes the law a thing of caprice. The sword,.
the musket, and the garote are the ministers of
sway. The immense military force overawes
the spirit of the inhabitants. The most sacred
principles of the social compact are violated; yet
Europe sustains this heinous fraud, and America
tolerates it. Why is this? Because British
statesmen with wily policy are determined to
keep this commanding point in the Gulf of Mex-
ico, this outlet to the richest commerce of the
world, out of the hands of Americans, and un-
der their own control. They have seen its trans-
cendent value, present and prospective. They
know that, if revolutionized and independent,
with a domestic system similar to that of this
Union, Cuba would always be our steadfast ally,
even though she should not, as she undoubtedly
would, become a member of our Confederacy.
