680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
erroneous references.
Mr. WELLER. I presented a memorial a
few days ago from the Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco, in relation to the register of goods
shipped from New York to that city, which was
improperly referred to the Committee on Finance.
I-believe the Committee on Commerce are now
investigating that subject; and I therefore move
that the Committee on Finance be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of the
clerk and messenger m the office of the assistant quarter-
master of the marure corps, praying for increased compen-
sation, and that it be. referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred the following
bills:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Chicago, Illinois;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Waukegan, Illinois;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Appalachicola, in the State of Florida; and
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Charleston, South Carolina;
Reported them back without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill respecting the harbor-
ing of deserters from the military service, and to
protect the public interest m regard to the enlist-
ment and discharge of minors; which was read
the first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a memorial of a
committee of citizens of Truro, Massachusetts,
reported a bill to provide for the protection of
Cape Cod harbor, Massachusetts; which was
read the first time, and ordered to a second read-
in5v
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to continue the improvement
of the Illinois river, reported it back without
amendment.
Mr. RfcfD, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was icfcrred the petition
of the special agents of the State of Maryland,
praying for the reimbursement of advances mnde
to the United States m 1792, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject, and that it be referred to the Committee
oil the judiciary.
Mr. HCJNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back House bill
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857. This is sub-
stantially the same witli the bill which has already
passed the Senate. I should ask for its considera-
tion now if it wore not that the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Slidkll,] who is not now in his
seat, gave nie notice that he had an amendment
to offer. I therefore notify llie Senate that 1 will
call it up to-morrow if 1 can.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act regu-
lating passenger ships and vessels," approved
March 2, 1619;
A bill to amend the law of copyright; and
A bill to amend the law of patents.
EILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Childs; which was read the first and
second time by its title, and referred with the ac-
companying paper to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis of Almanson
Houston be withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate, and
referred to the Court of Claims.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Collom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill;
which, thereupon, received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act to define the jurisdiction of the district and cir-
cuit courts of the United States for the district of East
Tennessee.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Seriate to
excuse me from further service as a member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Iam already a member of four committees; one
of them, the Committee on Pensions, has but five
members, and to it one hundred and seventeen
cases have been referred. It is impossible forme
to perform, properly, the duties of all those com-
mittees; and therefore I ask the Senate to excuse
me from further service on the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore was authorized to fill the vacancy.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 69) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857, with amendments. It will
not take five minutes to consider it, and therefore
I ask unanimous consent to dispose of it now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments the committee propose to add
at the end of the bill are the following:
For gas-house and apparatus, $15,000.
For additional stables for druguon and artillery horses,
$10,000.
Sec. 2. -Ami be it further enacted, That the amounts
disbin-sed, or that may be disbursed, out of the moneys ap-
propriated for the suppoit of the Mtbtaty Acadcmy by the
acts of May 10th, and Mai eh 3, ltft5. in payment of
additional compensation to the libianan, as*iM;ant libranan,
and certain enlisted men at that post, be pasted to the credit
of the disdmiring olhcer : Provided, That the additional pay
to the said libiauan and assistant librarian shall not exceed
the sum of each per annum, and to the non-commis-
sioned officer m chaige of mechanic^ and other taboicn at
the po^t, tho f-oldier acting as eleik m the adjutant's otnee,
and the four enlisted men m the philosophical and chemical
depaitment and hthogiapluc othco, shall not exceed the
sum ot e;irh,per annum; and that a like measuie of
compensation lie hereby authorized to be allowed hereafter
for such services respectively.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendments of the com-
j mittce are merely to restore the estimates. Two
! items estimated for were left out by tho House.
! Tho additional acct'wn is to make specific a little
; appropriation amounting in all to ^>540.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WELLEIt. I have an amendment, and
! believe this bill is the best to which to append it.
i It is as follows:
Sec. 0. Jlnd be it farther cnacted, That the Secretary of
the Senate furnish' annually tho library of the Military
Academy at West Point with a copy ot all the documents
published by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill, as amended,
was ordered to a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, T now move
to postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of
taking- up the deficiency bill. I think if we will;
agree to do that, we may, perhaps, pass it to-day,
which will be an important consideration. 1 hope
the Senate will agree to take it up. If I were to
throw myself on their courtesy to allow me to
make a speech, I know they would peimit me to
do 31; but I do not ask that; I merely aslc the
Senate to take up the bill,so that we may endeavor
to pass It to-day.
Mr. STUART. I understood that the Senator
from Delaware yesterday expressed a desire, with
the consent of as many Senators as were left, here
at the time of the adjournment, to occupy the ]
residue of the morning hour, when the morning ;
business was disposed of to-day, with an argu- ;
ment on the subject then under consideration. j
Mr.CLAYTON. I desire to occupy the res-,
idue of the morning hour, and I will then give j
my aid to the Senator from Virginia to take up ,
the deficiency bill. j
Mr. HUNTER. Am I to understand that the j
honorable Senator from Delaware will yield the !
floor at the expiration of the morning hour?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir. j
Mr. HUNTER. Then I withdrawmv motion.'
NAVAL BOARD—THE CLAYTON-BULWER
TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was my intention to ad-
dress the Senate to-day, in reply to the speech
of the honorable Senator from Texas, delivered
yesterday, assailing the character and motives
of some of the members of the naval board, who
are among the very best officers in the naval ser-
vice. That speech was, in my view, a tissue
of misstatements from its commencement to its
close. I desire to review it; but, sir, after hear-
ing the honorable Senator, last night, .say, in
reply to my colleague, (whohad made an ample
vindication of Captain Du Pont, and saved,in my
judgment, the necessity of any further reply on
that subject to-day,) that he intended to rejoin
whenever ^he speech of my colleague should
appear in pint, I shall defer my remarks until
I see in print the speech which the Senator from
Texas made.
I now desire to address the Senate on another
topic, which is of more importance in the com-
munity, in reference to which there are some
views that I am anxious to lay before the Senate
to-day. I move, in order that I may have an op-
portunity of doing so, that the motion to refer the
letter of Lord John Russell may now be taken
up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will make an explanatory
remark to the gentleman. I think he has limited
the comprehensiveness of my remark. I stated
that when the gentlemen would indicate a dispo-
sition to reply to me, I would respond to them.
My statement was not confined to the colleague
of tho distinguished Senator from Delaware. I
will wait for his demonstration.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware, to proceed
to the consideration of the motion to print the
letter referred to.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose it is understood
that the regular order of business will be taken
up atone o'clock ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded to speak in con
tinuation of a speech which he commenced on
Monday last, in relation to the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. It will be published in the Appendix.
HARBOR AND RIVER BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the special order.
Tho PRESIDENT. It will now be taken up,
unless the Senate direct otherwise.
Mr .-STUART. I understand that tho bill first
in order is the one, the consideration of which
was suspended on Monday by an adjournment—
the bill for improving the Savannah river. That
is the first business m order.
The PRESIDENT. That was postponed with-
out having been made the special order.
Mr. STUART. There was an adjournment
upon it.
Mr. IIUNTER. That bill was superseded by
the action of yesterday, when it was not taken
up. It will come up hereafter, in its turn, after
the other special orders which were assigned be-
fore it shall be disposed of.
Mr. STUART. Very well. I propose to sub-
mit a motion which I presume will not be objected
to. I am desirous that neither the deficiency
bill nor the three million bill shall be interfered
with by tho river and haibor bill*; therefore I
ask the consent of the Senate to have them taken
up informally, so that they may be made the spe-
cial order for next Monday. That will give, both
the bills which I have named the preference until
they are disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. Say Tuesday.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
I modify my motion in that way.
The motion was agreed to; and the river and
harbor bills were taken up and postponed to Tues-
day next, and made the special order for that day
at one o'clock.
PRIORITY OF SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
deficiency bill.
The PRESIDENT. The first snecial order is
the bill (S. No. 130) making appropriations for
certain new fortifications.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
