6TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtiOBE.
[April 29,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Neutrality Law&—Mr. Quitman.
Ho. of Re^S.
They know that, with a ship-canal across the
isthmus of America, Cuba united with us, and
the control of the great staples of sugar and to-
bacco under our hands, as that of cotton now is,
the commercial world would become tributary to
us. Hence it is that she has striven, with so
much art• and perseverance, to maintain an as-
cendency in Central America and Cuba. In the
former instance, she has succeeded in procuring
from us, during a period of political delirium, a
most absurd treaty, and in placing upon it a con-
struction still more absurd. In the latter, she has
been pertinaciously engaged in protecting Span- '
ish' tyranny, and in the unnatural and anti-
Christian attempt to establish, throughout the
whole of insular America, a barbaric black em- J
pire. The germ of her plot was exhibited in
laying waste Jamaica, by destroying the proper '
relations between the white and black races
there, and endeavoring by law to make those
equal whom God had made unequal. Her plot
is further exposed by her intrigues in San Do-
mingo, where, unfortunately, she had the address
to defeat the ratification by that Government of
highly fhvorable arrangements, entered into by
the United States commissioner, General Caz-
neau, with the Dominican authorities. (See letter
of General Cazneau—Appendix.) Pursuing her
schemes with intense cunning, and indefatigable
zeal, she has used her strong influence with Spain
to bring about the gradual abolition of negro
slavery in Cuba. Her intent is plain. She is
well aware that, at some not distant day, public
opinion in the United States, favoring the cause
of Cuban independence, must control the action
of our Government. She has rallied all her skill
to prevent this consummation so devoutly to be
wished. She desires to devote the American
archipelago, the great islands of the Caribbean
sea, to the negro race. The history of that race,
from the beginning of time, shows that it is in-
capable of self-government—that constitutional
government cannot exist where that race pre-
dominates—that arbitrary despotism necessarily
accompanies its social system. Could this scheme
be effected, the object of England would be at-
tained; our progress in that quarter would be for-
ever checked. The protectorate of the black
empire, or States, thus brought into existence,
would, of course, be vested in Great Britain.
She hesitates not, for purposes of interest or
profit, to stoop to alliances with a negro boy. On
the other hand, we need not argue long to prove
that the United States could have no relations,
golitical or diplomatic, with a black empire,
uch intercourse would taint with incurable lep-
rosy our political system, already affected to an
alarming extent by necrophilism. The end would
be, internal convulsion, disunion, and death.
Let Great Britain accomplish her aims, (and ac-
complish them she will, if we, with folded arms,
supinely await the result of her machinations,)
and she will not only reap the incalculable ad-
vantages connected with the possession of this
Gibraltar of the American Mediterranean, and
forever retard our commercial advancement, but
she will also have the power to disturb, at her
pleasure, the repose of the contiguous States, and ;
to stimulate throughout our entire country the
agitation of that slavery question which, even
now, is so pregnant with mischief to the harmony
' of- our institutions.
I am aware that the British Minister has denied,
somewhat informally, that it is the design of his
Government to urge upon Spain the emancipa-
tion of- the negroes in Cuba. I hhve not time to
present the many and conclusive proofs that the
policy of England is such as I have attributed to
her; - Can we not point to the "mixed commis-
sion," English and Spanish, which her influence
over Spain has enabled her to secure in Cuba, for
the purpose of examining into the status of a
portion of the negro population, with powers to
declare certain classes of that population free ?
Let us refer, also, to the instructions given by
Lord Palmerston to the British Minister at Mad-
rid, in 1851, in which he says:
." I have to instruct your lordship to say to the Spanish
Minister, that the slaves farm a large portion, and l>y no
means ail unimportant one, of the people of Cuba; and that
any gtepg taken to provide for their emancipation would,
therefore, as far as the black population is concerned, be
quiteia unison with the recommendation made by her Ma-
jesty's Government, that measures should be adopted for
contenting the people of Cuba, with a view to secure the
connection between the Spanish crown and the island; and
it must be evident that, if the negro population of Cuba were
rendered free, that fact would create a most ■powerful ele-
ment of resistance to any scheme for annexing Cuba to the
United States, where slavery exists."
Here is the plan of England plainly laid open
to the gaze of all civilized nations. She says to
Spain that it would be quite in unison with the
policy of her Britannic Majesty's Government
that the negroes of Cuba should be set free, be-
cause their emancipation would create " a pow-
erfulelement of resistance" to the annexation of
that island to the United States. Unfortunately,
such would, indeed, be the case. This proud
country, which, when united in sentiment, might
stand against a world in arms, is unable to resent
the insults of feeble Spain when the slavery ques-
tion may be, even incidentally, involved. Pull
well does England appreciate this fact, and
through its means she seeks to obtain over us a
safe and bloodless triumph. She could thus place
in our side a thorn which would cause our ener-
gies to fester and gangrene, and might, perhaps,
bring about national dissolution. None but the
perversely blind can fail to perceive her serpent-
like policy—a policy in which Prance, since the
advent of Louis Napoleon, has heartily coincided.
This important circumstance was announced by
Lord Clarendon, Secretary of Foreign Affairs, to
the British Parliament. He remarks:
" I will further add that the union between the two Gov-
ernments has not been confined to the eastern question.
The happy accord and good understanding between France
and England have been extended beyond the eastern policy
to the policy affecting all parts of the world; and I am
heartily rejoiced to say, that there is no portion of the two
hemispheres, with regard to which the policy of the two
countries, however heretofore antagonistic, is not now in
entire harmony."
I have thus taken a very cursory view of the
condition of Cuba and the neighboring States of
Central America and Mexico. I have shown
that, to preserve a free communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific portions of our Union,
the right to the undisturbed transit of the Ameri-
can isthmus is absolutely necessary; and that,
for the same purpose, and to secure an outlet for
the productions of the great valley of the Missis-
sippi and of the States bordering on the Gulf of
Mexico, and to protect a commerce now valued
at more than four hundred millions of dollars
annually, the possession of Cuba by ourselves,
or by some reliable friendly Power identified with
us in principles, is equally a necessity. I have
shown, further, that paramount interests, involv-
ing the safety, the prosperity, and the advance-
ment of our beloved country—" the last and
noblest realm of time," destined by Providence,
as we fondly hope, to promote the civilization,
the moral and physical improvement, the eleva-
tion and happiness of man on earth—that para-
mount interests not only justify us, but loudly
urge us onwards, in sweeping away every obsta-
cle from the path of our glorious mission. Ihave
still further shown that, while we, from over-fas-
tidious notions of our neutral obligations to other
Powers, supinely rest in f&ncied security, or, what
is worse, restrain by laws and prosecutions the
giant energies of our free and adventurous popu-
lation, the never-slumbering vigilance of our great
commercial rival is at work, weaving .intricate
meshes,, and planning dangerous combinations to
entangle and destroy us. It is time for us to
awaken from our lethargy. The matured, delib-
erate, and spund opinion of the people, I believe,
demands our concurrence.. The Government,
which should always be the follower, as it is the
offspring, of that opinion, is called upon tc^act.
How shall we act ?
By the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, which I hold
to be unconstitutional, because it professes to im-
pair the right of Congress to admit new States,
at least in Central America—by that treaty we
have thus-far most foolishly bound ourselves to
exercise no dominion- in Central America. Spain
refuses to sell Cuba at any price. The hope of
acquiring that island by*purchase was always a
delusion. The white people of Cuba, though
crushed to earth by the iron heel of tyranny, are
still too proud to give their assent to be trans-
ferred as chattels. They deny that Spain has
the right to sell them. Were we to declare war
against Spain, th« evil would not be corrected.
Were we to attempt an invasion of the island,
the landing of our troops would be preceded by
an edict, emancipating the slave population. It
is known that, in such event, the Captain Gen-
eral has power to issue such edict. Yet there,
before us, pregnant with ruin, hangs the dark
and terrible cloud. Cunning devices to cripple
our commerce and check our prosperity are being
^rapidly matured. Public opinion cries out for
action; and again I ask, how shall we act? My
answer is, meet that opinion! Let it speak, and
be heard; ay, more, let it have way! Repeal
your neutrality laws. If you cannot, or will not,
avert impending dangers, at least do not manacle
the hands of your free citizens, and prevent them
from protecting themselves. If you cannot, or
will not, remove the barriers that obstruct the
career of our brilliant future, leave them to the
foresight, enterprise, and perseverance of the
American people, and, my word for it, they will
prove themselves equal to the emergency.
I wi?h not to be understood as the advocate or
apologist of any act in violation of the moral
obligations due from one nation to another. I
would faithfully observe and stringently enforce
all the duties imposed upon us by honor or good
morals. As a legislator, I am ready to assent to
any regulation that will punish offenses against
the law of nations, provided that that regulation
does not infringe upon the reserved rights of the
citizen. Further than this, Congress must not
go. This Government has no powers beyond
 ose delegated by the Constitution. If the power
be not therein written, or clearly deducible there-
from, the acts of Congress are usurpations, and
void. By these rules I am disposed, as my time
will permit, to briefly examine our present neu-
trality laws. It has been my misfortune to
become somewhat acquainted with them, and to
witness the total disregard of the rights of the
citizen with which they have sometimes been
administered by courts and judges.
The leading features of the eight sections of
the act of April 20, 1818, which my bill proposes
to repeal, are, in my opinion, not only unneces-
sary and impolitic, but are repugnant to the in-
tention of the Constitution, and must be regarded
as infringements of personal rights of citizens.
This act, as may be shown by the debates at the
time of its passage, is Supposed to have been sug-
gested by the representatives of European courts,
for the purpose of crippling the practical sym-
pathy manifested by the people of the United
States in favor of some of the Spanish colonies
in America then struggling for their freedom.
Mr. Clay, then Speaker of the House, and a
warm advocate of the cause of the young repub-
lics, descended from the Speaker s chair, and
strenuously opposed some of the provisions of
the act, denouncing them as placing our Govern-
ment in the attitude of an ally of European des-
potism, and an enemy to the extension of liberal
political institutions on this continent. That bold
an^ sagacious statesman saw the deep schemes of
European sovereigns whose colonial possessions
in America Were jeopardized, and dared to assail'
the suicidal policy attempted to be foisted upon
us under the specious pretense of non-interfer-'
ence and national morality. In the history of
Congress, published by Gales & Seaton, p. 1403,
in reference to the discussion of this bill, I find
the following:
"Mr. Clay offered some general remarks on the offensive
nature of the bill, which, he said, instead of an act to en-
force neutrality, ought to be entitled an act for the benefit
of his Majesty the King of Spain."
Again, on the 18th of March, it is reported of;
Mr. Clay:
" In the threshold of this discussion, he confessed he did
not like much the origin of that act. There had been some
disclosures—not in an official form, but in such shape as to,,
entitle them to credence—that showed that act to have,
been the result of a teasing on the part of foreign agents in
this country, which fie regretted to have seen. But from
whatever source it sprung, if it was an act necessary to pre-
serve the neutral relations of the country, it ought to be
retained; but this he denied." * * * . * *
" In its provisions it went beyond the obligations of the
United States toother Powers; and that part of it was un-
precedented iu any nation which compellfed citizens of the
United States to give bonds not to commit acts without the
jurisdiction of the United States, which it is the business
of foreign nations, and not of this Government, to guard
against."
Again, on the same day, this bill being still"
