1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
make the motion by instruction of the commit-
tee.
The motion was agreed to; and the Secretary-
proceeded to read the substitute reported by the
committee for the original bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the honorable gentle-
man who calls up this bill to permit it to lie over
for the present. It will be impossible to dispose
of the bill .before the arrival of the hour at which
my honorable friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Evans] will be entitled to the floor. Courtesy,
and especially respect to his age and standing m
the Senate, should impel us to give way to him.
I ask the Senator from Maine to consent that this
subject may for the present he on the table; so
that I may have an opportunity of looking into
it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall do so after the read-
ing of the substitute, which will not take five
minutes.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think it will take a quarter
of an hour; I move to suspend its reading, and
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, it will prob-
ably be remembered by every member of this
body that I have carefully abstained, during the
•whole of the present session of Congress, from
littering one word in relation to the slavery ques-
tion or tiie distressing occurrences in Kansas. I
have cautiously abstained from debate on these
subjects, because I have been anxious to give
offense neither to northern or southern men; but
to conciliate them all, in order that I might, on
some occasion most suitable in my own judg-
ment, during some pause in the stormy contro-
versy agitating the country, propose some meas-
ure of conciliation, of justice, and of peace. I
come here to-day, sir, for the purpose of making
such a proposition, in the sinceriiy of an honest
heart, desiring to advance the interests of no mere
party, or to give preference to any one section of
the tJnion to another. 1 now present myself to
you, Senators, not as a partisan of any candidate
for the Presidency of the United States, or of any
faction or political organization. Released, after
a long public life, from all party ties, I am like
the sailor who, when separated from his com-
rades after a long cruise, said he was hereafter
" going in a gang by himself."
1 present myself in that position before you this
day, sir, and I ask honorable Senators hero to
remember, when I make these declarations, that 1
also present myself as a representative of the
most unpretending of all the States of this Union
—that State which occupies th<- middle ground
between the not thorn and southern sections of
this Confederacy—a State, it ix true, which is a
slaveholding State, but yet a fair type of the
whole Union, exhibiting within itself ail the
shades of opinion on the subject of slavery which
distinguish the different portions of the United
States. The northern county of that State, one
of the most-beautiful, agricultural districts in this
country, at this moment containing more than
fifty thousand people, has scarcely one hundied
slaves within its limits. The southern, which is
my own native county, is perhaps as strongly
pro-slavery in its opinions as any other section
of this Union. The middle county is strongly
conservative on this subject, without any very ;
strong tendencies in favor of either geographical i
division of the State in preference to the other. |
The whole people arc as deeply interested to pre- !
seive this Union, as solicitous to pievent any j
rupture between the other parts of tins Union, as j
it is possible for any men to be. They aie the >
descendants and representatives of the men who j
poured out their blood like water on the battle- j
fieldsof the Revolution, and left hundreds of their j
best and bravest on the plains of South Carolina, i
An honoiable Senator, in addiessmg the Senate on j
a former occasion, referred to the return of Gen- |
eral Knox, stating the relative proportion which '
each State of this Union contributed to the corn-1
mon defense against British troops during the i
Revolution, and showing that this State furnished '
more fighting men to the army of ihe Revolution, '
in proportion to population, than any other State !
in this Union. j
We are on the south as well as on the north !
side of Mason and Dixon's line—for, in truth,
Mason and Dixon ran the southern as well as
the northern boundary of the State. If I can
faithfully represent the wishes and feelings of her
patriotic people on this occasion, I ought to com-
mand the confidence as well as the respect of the
representatives of the other States for any meas-
ure of peace I can propose. Let me say, too,
that my political life will terminate with my
present term of service in this body; and that
under no circumstances can I ever enter into com-
petition with others for public honors or offices
again. Destitute, therefore, of any possible mo-
tive for injustice to my countrymen in any quar-
ter, may I not fairly challenge their favorable
consideration of the bill I am about to offer, when
I declare that I am actuated by no other desire
than to restore fraternal concord, and to perpet-
uate the blessings flowing from our glorious
Union?
In conversation among friends with whom I
thought it my duty during a protracted illness at
this session to confer, I have constantly solicited
them, as I now do you, Senators, to reflect on the
moral inculcated by the statues which stand in
beautiful relief over the tympanum on the eastern
portico of this Capitol. There you behold the
figures of Hope, Liberty, and Justice. Hope,
raising her right hand, implores the genius of
America to tell by what means the Constitution
of the United States (which Justice holds in one
hand while she balances her scales in the other)
can best be preserved, and the genius points to
Justice as her answer. Justice, sir, is the only
means by which you can retain the people of the
United States within the bonds of amity; and
when they become hateful to each other, it may
be better that they should be separated than that
they should hold out to each other hypocritical
professions of a friendship which they do not
cherish. My anxious solicitude this day is to
make one honest, though it may be but an hum-
ble effort for the purpose of restoring that frater-
nal regard and afiection which existed amongst
them when I first came into public hfe, and which
1 pray CJod may continue after I shall be (as I
must at no very distant period be) gathered to my
fathers. There can be no such regard and affec-
tion when there is not mutual respect; and there
can be no sincere respect where there is not a
cordial concession of ail that justice demands of
each party towards the other. Justice, Senators,
is the only weapon with which I purpose to con-
tend against the spirit of discord and disunion
which now rages through the land, and has roused
the passions of men till our country is like a
mighty ocean when heaving to the wing of a
tempest.
There are now two antagonizing propositions
before the Senate. One was offeied by the dis-
tinguished gentleman at the head of the Commit-
tee on Territories, the honorable Senator from
IIhnoi«, [Mr. Douglas.] I desired to confer with
that gentleman in reference to the course I am
now about to take; but my own ill health, and
his long absence from the Senate, have prevented
me from doing so. 1 have, however, not tailed
to confer with other distinguished gentlemen on
both sides of the Chamber, anxiously asking their
advice that 1 might make a judicious and proper
move for the purpose of conciliating, by a strict
adherence to the principles of justice, the oppo-
site contending sections of this Confederation.
In regard to the proposition offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, or, to speak more
properly, reported by the Committee on Territo-
ries. suiter me to say that, after examining it with j
all the care which I am capable of bestowing i
upon it, I think it is liable to many and to great :
objections. I mvite his consideration now to the j
examination of the objections which I am about •
to adduce against it. But while I say this, I must j
say to the distinguished gentleman from New 1
York, too, [.Mr. Seward,] that I hold his proposi- ;
tion, which is to introduce Kansas into the Union j
as a State immediately, upon the constitution '
which she has sent here, to be still more objee- :
tionable than the bill of the distinguished gentle- ;
man who has the paternity of the bill reported by '
the Committee on Territo'ries. ,
I ha\t no evidence that a majority of the peo- j
pic ot Kansas ever voted to elect the delegates j
who made that constitution. If the honorable |
Senator from New York possesses any informa- [
tion to satisfy us on that point, I should be happy
to hear it. But I do understand—and I beg
leave to be corrected if I am wrong—when I say,
that those who voted for the delegates to that
convention, were men of one faction or party in the
Territory—called free-State men; and although
they invited, perhaps, by the terms of their ad-
vertisement, all to comc and attend the election,
there was not, so far as I have been able to under-
stand, a single pro-slavery man that attended one
of their elections. It will not be pretended, I
apprehend, that the pro-slavery men attended the
elections in any considerable numbers, or held
themselves bound to attend them.
Again, sir, I have an insuperable objection to
the introduction of Kansas into this Union at this
time; and I almost flatter myself I can convince
every man here that it would be improper and
highly inexpedient that she should be introduced
into the Union as a sovereign State at this mo-
mentous crisis. From the best information lean
gain, there is probably at this time a Federal
population within the limits of that Territory not
exceeding twenty thousand. I speak of the popu-
lation, exclusive of Indians and other persons
not taxed. It is going beyond all precedent to
invite a Territory into the Union as a State with
so small a population; but that is the least of the
objections which 1 have to the introduction of
such a Territory as a State.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the Senator say there
are but twenty thousand people there ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I said I thought she had
not more than twenty thousand Federal popula-
tion. I do not doubt there is a greater popula-
tion there, including Indians and persons not
taxed; but allow twenty-five thousand, or even
thirty or forty thousand, for the sake of argu-
ment, as the number, and still the objection to
her admission is sustained even on that state of
the facts. Minnesota, with perhaps five times
the population of Kansas, is still aTerritory, and
has been such for seven years; Oregon for nearly
ten years; and other Territories have been such
for five or six years; yet, even now, there is no
proposition before Congress for the admission of
any of these Territories as States.
But, sir, a much greater objection than that
exists to the proposition of the distinguished
gentleman from New York. At this moment I feel
and know it—for I reside on the border between
the North and the South—there exists a feeling
in the mighty North such as never existed before
since I have been in public life. As an honest
man, true to the country, I am bound to say to
you, Senators, that a feeling has been excited
there, within a short time past, which, if suffered
to run on without check or restraint, may be fatal
to our liberties and our Union.
I was not one of those who, six years ago,
rejoiced in the name of "Union-savers." I am
no* one of those who have been subjected to the
ridicule and criticism which some gentlemen have
constantly bestowed on men who have endeav-
ored to calm and pacify the passions of the peo-
ple of the United States. True it is, that on one
occasion, when I was comparatively but a young
member of the Senate, nearly a quarter of a cen-
tury ago—I did take an active part in settling the
eontroveisy between the United States and the
State of South Carolina. At a moment when
General Jackson threatened that gallant State
with the armed forces of the country, when my
own heart was distressed daily with the appre-
hension that the troops of the United States
might fire upon the people of that State, in which
event 1 was unable to comprehend the extent of
the calamity that might befall my country—at that
moment, and even when Henry Clay himself
(who then occupied the seat I how hold in this
Chamber) had laid his bill of peace on the table
—ay, sir, had abandoned it, had given up every
hope of passing it during the session, I was the
man, as ho, years afterwards, stated on the floor
of the Senate, who prevailed on him to renew his
efforts, and brought to his assistance friends who
enabled hun to carry the measure triumphantly
through the Senate. I did it then, sir, influenced
by the same high considerations that impel me
to act to-day. I thought when I was about it
then, that I should lose all the little popularity I
had among the friends of domestic industry who
were my mends, and had Sent me to Congress;
but at the hazard of that thing called popularity,
