682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
of the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
and I shall vote for it, because I think it no more
than justice to this officer. His duties as super-
intendent of Indian affairs in New Mexico have
been very arduous. It is well known to the coun-
try that we have been engaged in an almost con-
stant state of war with the Indians there. It is
well known that this gentleman has had import-
ant duties devolved on him, and he has performed
them entirely to the satisfaction of the Govern-
ment. A state of war devolves on an Indian su-
perintendent much more responsible and arduous
.duties than those which he performs when we are
at peace with the Indians. When there is any
evidence of hostile feeling, it is necessary for the
superintendent to exercise a great deal of discre-
tion in order to keep peace in the country, and as
far as I understand the character of this gentle-
man, he has fully met the views of his Govern-
ment.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the law, as it
nowstands, 1 think, ifconstrued in the usual man-
ner, undoubtedly gives the sum which the amend-
ment of the committee appropriates. The Com-
mittee on Finance, however, have reason to think
this increase of salary was inadvertently given at
a former Congress. The salary was made higher
than was intended. Therefore, while we pay the
salary, as the law requires, we have annexed a
provisomaking the salary hereafter what we think
it was the intention of Congress that it should be.
In my judgment, this is the only course which it
is proper to pursue in this ease. I am not willins:,
for one, to refuse to pay what is due from the
Government—what a court of justice would say
was due from the Government; and if the law is
different from what we intended, the only remedy
which ought to be applied is, prospectively, to
make it what we intended it to be. i?his is what
is done by the amendment as it nowstands.
Mr. STUART. In reply to the suggestion
made by my friend,the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Dodge,] I beg leave to say to him, that if
there were any suggestions from the Department,
that the salary of this officer ought to be increased
in consequence of the performance of any spe-
cial duties, that would be an entirely different
question. There is no such suggestion from any
quarter. But I think that $3,000, being an in-
crease of $500 from what his salary was origin-
ally, is ample. This addition was made by law
last year; and it is enough. It is more than any
other territorial Governor receives. The ques-
tion before us is simply reduced to this: Shall
we sanction a construction by which a mere error
of language in legislating to raise a salary $500
is made use of to give an increase of $1,500 ? It
is conceded by the gentlemen who have addressed
the Senate, that this was but a mistake, at best.
I submit, that the construction which 1 give is the
more preferable e-onslruction to be given to the
language which Congress employed. The original
act divided the Governor's salary. It allowed
him §1,500 "as Governor," and Si,000 "as
superintendent of Indian affairs." The amend-
atory act simply says, that the " salary of the
Governor of New Mexico " should thereafter be
$3,000. I submit, that the language of the amend-
atory act is not inconsistent with the construction,
that the sum of $3,000 was intended to be the
whole salary for both offices; but the Secretary
of the Treasury has affirmed a decision of the
Comptroller which gives a contrary effect. My
amendment simply proposes to do exactly what
it is conceded Congress intended to do a year
ago. 1 say, therefore, it injures nobody, but j
carries out, as the gentlemen admit, the original !
object. I contend, that where there is, at least, a :
room for doubt as to the construction, Congress I
ought now to do what the original act intended ;
to do. |
If my amendment shall prevail in the Senate, 11
shall move to reduce the appropriation $1,000, i
because it will be seen that this is to provide for
a deficiency m the last year's salary. The officer
has received at the Treasury $3,000, for Congress
last year appropriated $3,000 to pay him. He
now demands $1,000, for which there is no appro-
priation. Congress appropriated for an increase
of the sum $500. Therefore, if my amendment
in this instance prevails, I shall then move to re-
duce the appropriation $1,000, which will make
up the deficiency, according to Unoriginal inten-
tion of Congress.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendmentof the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART callcd for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 27, nsys 35; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Benjamin, Big?-*, Bigler, Bright, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale,
Hailan, Houston, Iverson, Johnson, Mason, Piatt, Reid,
Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of
New Jersey, Trumbull, and Wade—27.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Brodhead,
Brown, Clay, Collamer, Dodge, Hamlm, Ilunter, James,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Touecy, and Woller—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I propose now to reduce the
appropriation, and I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Finance will inform me whether
my motion, will effect the object. The appropri-
ation is $1,929 35. The amount of the salary in
dispute is §1,000. I suppose that by striking out
$1,929 35, and inserting §929 35, the appropria-
tion will be conformable to my original amend-
ment. I therefore move this modification.
The amendment was agreed to, and the amend-
ment of the committee as modified was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Pi-
nance was to insert:
For filling up and grading the grounds belonging to the
custom-hou-sc building, Noifolk, Viigima, $1,000.
Mr. HUNTER. This is in pursuance of the
recommendation of the Treasury Department.
It seems that the grounds arc marshy, and the
Board of Health of Norfolk have asked that they
shall be filled up. If not done by the 1st of June,
it may be too late. An appropriation of $1,000
is recommended for this purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For transportation of officers, and for fuel and quarters,
the payment of wlnei) is no longer made by the quarter-
master's department, ^"2,127 12.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to insert:
For continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
$300,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I will make an explanation
in regard to this amendment, though it may not
be necessary here, but it may elsewhere. It is
recommended to the committee to take a portion
of the money estimated for the next fiscal year
and appropriate it now, so that we may have the
use of the money during the working season.
If the work is to be carried on, it is better to ap-
propriate the money at such a time as to enable
it to be used during their working season, rather
than during the summer.
Mr. ADAMS. This is the old water-works
question. A new appropriation is proposed to
continue the work. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and yeas were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs* Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brodhead, Jiiown, Clayton, Collamer. Crittenden, Dodge,
Durkee, Fi-li, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Hamlm, Ilailan,
Houston, Iluntei, Ive^on, Jolm>un, Mallory, Mason, Piatt,
litwk, Seb,i>itan, Sewmd, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of
New Jersey, Trumbull, and Weliei—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Unrgs, Clav, Fitzpatnek, and
Wade—5.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose now to treat as
one amendment all the items down to section two,
as they are all deficiencies in the quartermaster's
department. I shall have a report of the quarter-
master read. 1 wish the vote to be taken on all
of the items as one amendment.
The Secretary accordingly read, as one amend-
ment, the following items:
For the regulai supplier of the quartermasters depart-
ment, consisting! fuel, torage m kind lor the hot-es, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's dopaitment, at the sevetal
militaiy posts and nations, and with theaumeMii the field ;
/or the'hoises of the fir-Hand second legimentsof diagoons,
the companies of light amtlcry. the legiment of nio'unted
riflemen, and «uch companies of infant)} a-, may be mount-
ed, and also foi the authorized rsumbei of officers' horses,
when seivmg m the field and at the outposts ; of straw for
soldiers" heddnur, and of ^tationeiy, including company and
other blank-books for the army, certificates for discharged
soldiers, blank forms for the pay a'id quarteimaster-'s de-
partments, ami foi the printing of division and department
orders, army regulations and report--, .$-160,000.
For the incidental expenses of the quaitermastcr's de-
partment, consisting of postage on letters and packets re-
cehed and sent byofficeis of the Anny on public service ;
expenses ofcourtfe-martial and courts of lnquny, including
the additional compensation to judges-advocate, recorders,
niembeis, and witnesses, while on that seivtce, under the
act of March 10,1602; cxtia pay to soldieis employed under
the direction of the quartermaster's department, in the erec-
tion of bartaeks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals; the
construction of roads, and other constant labor, for periods
of not less than ten days, under the acts of Mai ch 2,1819,
and August4, 1854, including those employed as clerks at
division and department headquarters; expenses of ex-
presses to and fiom the fiontier po^ts and armies in the
field; of escorts to paymasters, othei disbursing officers, and
trams, when inihtaiy escorts cannot be furnished; ex-
penses of the interment of non-eommis-ioned officers and
soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire of laborers in the
quaitermaster's department, including hire ol interpreters,
spies, and guides, for the Army ; compensation of clerk to
oliicers ofthe quartermasters department; compensation of
foi age and wagon-masters, authorized by the act of July o,
J838; for the apprehension of deserteis, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the various expenditures required
foi the first and second [regiments of dragoons, the compa-
nies oflight aitillcry, the regnnentofmounted iiflemen,and
such companies, of mfantiy as may be mounted, viz : for
the puichase ot horse equipments, as saddles, bridles, sad-
dle-blankets, nose-bags, iion combs, currycombs, and spurs
and straps ; of tiavehng forges, blacksmiths' and shoeing
tools, horse and mule «hoes non and steel for shoeing, hue
of veterinary surgeons, purchase of medicines for horses
and mules, shoeing horses of mounted corps, and repairing
dragoon and.i'ifle equipments, §?iy0,000.
For constructing banaeks and other buildings at posts
which it may be nccessaiy to occupy during the year, and
for repairing, altering, and enlargmg'buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hire or commutation of quaiters for
oliicers on mihtar) duty; hire of quartei s for troops, of store-
houses for the safe keepingof military stores,and of grounds
foi summei cantonments; foi encampments and temporary
fiontier stations, $100,000: Provided, Aowuer, That the
Seeretaiy of War be, and he is hereby* authorized to sell,
under the direction ot the Picsident, all military sites wlncli
have been, or which may hereafter become, unnecessary
foi military purposes; and that the money ausing from the
sales of such sites shall constitute a fund for the purchase
and improvement of other sites which it may become neces-
sary to occupy for the defense ofthe frontieis. And it shall
be the duty of the Seeretaiy of War to leport, within one
month alter the commencement of each session of Con-
giess, the action of the Department undei the authouty
hereby conferied, showing the number and description of
sites sold, and the amount received foi each, with a detailed
account ofthe application ofthe money icceived.
For mileage to officers, of the Army, for transportation of
themselves and baggage when tiavehng on duty without
tioops or escoit^, $60,1)00.
for transpoitauon of the Army, including the baggage of
the tioops when moving either by land or water; of cloth-
ing, camp, and garrison equipage, and horse equipments,
iiom the depot at Philadelphia to the several posts and
Army depots; of pubsi-aenec from the places of purchase,
and from the places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the encumstances of the seivice inav require it to
be sent; of oidmuice, oidnance stores, and small-aims fiom
the inuudeiies and armones to the arsenals fortifications,
fiontier po^ts, and Aimy depots ; freights, whailage, tolls,
and tcmages; lor the pmcluise and line of hoises, mules,
and oxen, and the puichasc and rep.nr of wagons, carts,
dtays, ships, and other sea-going vessels and boats for the
tiuiisporration of supplies, and for garrison purposes; for
dr.iyage and cartage at the several po>ts; hire of teamsters;
ti asportation of fundus for the pay and other disbursing
depaitments; the expense of sailing public transports on the
vanous rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and
Pacific ; and lor piocuimg water at s>ueh posts as from their
situation require that it be bionght fiom a distance, and
for clearing roads, and removing obstiuctions from roads,
haibors, andnveis, to the extent which maybe required
for the actual operations of the troops on the fiontier,
$1,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I now ask that the commu-
nication ofthe quartermaster general be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Q.UARIERMASTER GENERAl/s OFFICE,
Washington, February 27,1856.
Sir: The appropriations for the guaitcimaster's depart-
ment will all be exhausted before the middle of next month.
The numeious and lapid movements which the troops were
requned to make dunng the last fiscal year caused an
expenditure tor tianspoitation greatly exceeding tile appro-
pnation foi that yeiu, and became a chaige upon the appro-
paation toi the pi cm nt yeai. I estimate the deficiency in
the appiopnafion lor tr.in^poifation the last year at about
.§000,000. The great increase in the price of fonige caused
the expendituio> on that account to exceed the appropua-
non tor the year; the charge upon the appropiiation for
foi age tor the pie^ent year I estimate at {£200,000.
In'addition to these deficiencies m the last year, there
has been a greatly mcieased expenditure cau-ed by the
Indian hostilities, and the active operations which it has
been necessary to cany on against them, m the States of
California and Florida, and the Territories of Oregon,
Washington, Kansas and Nebraska. These operations
were not expected, and weie not piovided for m the esti-
mates presented to Congress on which the appropuations
i foi the present year were made.
j From fifteen to eighteen hundred thousand dollars will
be necessary to cairy the depairment, through the vedr. A
considerable sum will also be required to reimburse ex-
penses being inclined on account of militia and volunteers
called into service i have leceived no estimate of the piob-
abte expense incmred, or hems incurred; but. fiom the cor-
respondence of officeis serving oil the Pacific and in New
Mrxico, 1 am sure the expenditure to be provided for will be
consideiable.
As the time has neariv arrived when prepmations should
be made for the operations ofth*1 n^xt ^a-^on,! uvpect-
inliy recommend that application be made toi an appiopim-
tiori at as early a peuod as possible; and I have the honor to
be, sir, your obedient servant, T£l. S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
