1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Lindley.
Ho. of Reps.
In the whole article, Benton Democrats and
Black Republicans are spoken of as identical;
and as it is charged that they and the Americans are
about to combine in ray favor, I owe it, not only
to them as my constituents and former supporters,
but I owe it to myself to stand forth in their de-
fense and my own vindication. And, sir, I shall
do this without a thought as to what may be their
course in the future, and in total disregard of the
effect it may have upon me with others; for I
believe the Bentoi\ Democracy of my district,
who are thus, by this article, falsely identified
with the Republican party, are as Union-loving,
as conservative, as true and loyal to the institu-
tions of Missouri as any citizens we have.
Since 1849,1 have observed, with some degree
of interest, the unrelenting warfare that has been
waged by the anti-Benton faction of Missouri
against Colonel Benton and his friends. If there
was any pretense of principle on the part of the
Anties, tney have long since abandoned it. There
is nothing in the contest more than a personal
warfare. Colonel Benton, the venerable chief of
the Democratic party, and leader of it for years
in Missouri—he who had been the friend of Jack-
son, who had been the vindicator of his character
and defender of his administration—who had met
its enemies when they came like the waves of the
sea, and turned them back—he was getting old in
his seat in the Senate—he had been too long in
the way, and too much eclipsed the younger and
more ambitious members of the party in Mis-
souri. Many of them wanted his place, and they
combined together for his destruction under the
name of anti-Ben'tons, as expressive of their |
personal hostility to him. From that time this j
anti-Benton faction, except in its malignity to- j
wards Colonel Benton, has changed with every j
changing scene, and has not failed to betray ;
everything with which it has been connected, j
As Democrats they betrayed Benton in 1850, and
sold his seat in the Senate to a Whig. As Dem-
ocrats in 1854 they betrayed him again, and gave
his seat in this House to an American. And yet
they turn up their eyes in holy horror if they even
suspect that he might get some outside aid to
crush the treason of his own party in Missouri.
The Anties next betrayed even anti-Bentonism
itself, and joined the American party by hun-
dreds, because of its mysterious power as dis-
played in the defeat of Benton, but, with their
accustomed facility, they soon turned recreant to
the American party. After the defeat in Virginia
they abandoned and denounced it on the plea,
poor innocent souls ! that they had been deluded
and seduced into its councils, though every prin-
ciple and pledge had been fully explained to them
in advance.
And now, in connection with the "Washington
Union, they are about to betray Mr. Buchanan,
by attempting to drive the Benton Democracy
from him, and insure his defeat in Missouri, if
that is not already past praying for. Why this
abuse of Colonel Benton and his friends, when he
is working for Mr. Buchanan, and to my personal
knowledge has been hostile, from the beginning,
to the movement in favor of Mr. Fremont?
Mr. Speaker, we all remember what was the
tone of the Union newspaper before the Demo-
cratic nomination. Its bitter opposition to the
nomination of Mr. Buchanan is well known; and
as the administration of General Pierce recog-
nized and fostered the anti-Benton faction of Mis-
souri, as it did the Free-Soil faction of New York,
thereby giving them their vitality and strength,
we may well imagine that it would be no unwill-
ing task on the part of the Union to join the An-
ties in their recreancy to Mr. Buchanan, if by his
success there should be any probability that
Colonel Benton will rise in public favor.
And now, sir, which is the regular party of my
State? The Benton convention met in pursuance
to a call by the regular State Executive Commit-
tee, as such. The proceedings were regular, and
their delegates were sent to the Cincinnati Con-
vention to favor the nomination of James Buch-
anan. Colonel Benton himself had declared
for Mr. Buchanan before the nomination. The
Anties went there bitterly opposed to him, and,
by the influenceofthe Douglas-Pierce Democracy,
obtained seats in the convention, and voted con-
stantly against Mr. Buchanan, till forced by the I
Niw Series.—No. 43.
action of the convention to give him a reluctant
vote on the final ballot. In the spring, when it
was thought Mr. Douglas or Pierce would be the
nominee, and the aid of the Benton party would
be desirable, the victory of the Benton Democracy
in St. Louis was spoken of by this same Union
in its issue of April 9, as follows:
" From St. Louis, the very hot-bed of Know Nothingism,
we have tidings of a full and brilliant Democratic victory."
But now that Mr. Buchanan is the nominee,
and the Benton Democracy warm for him, they
are denounced by this same press as Black Repub-
licans.
The reason is plain. The Anties think they
see the handwriting on the wall. They think
there is a probability that Colonel Benton will be
again returned to his seat in the Senate, and con-
tinued there until the old veteran shall die at his
post, with his armor on, and his face to his foes;
that he will close his distinguished career on the
same great theater where ne has heretofore so
nobly earned and gracefully worn his laurels.
And they fear that, nolding that position, should
his old associate in the Senate (Mr. Buchanan)
be elected, Colonel Benton will have so much in-
fluence with the Administration as to crush for-
ever the hopes of the anti-Benton faction in Mis-
souri. With this view, it is evident they prefer
the defeat Ather than the success of Mr. Buch-
anan, if Colonel Benton is to hold a place in his
favor.
Mr. Speaker, I am done with this subject. I
am not of the Democratic party, but am laboring
for another party more conservative of the in-
terests and welfare of the country. What I have
said of the Missouri Democracy is simply my un-
derstanding of the facts, given to vindicate apart
of my constituents from misrepresentation. They
have heretofore supported me, and I engage in
this defense as a duty to them for the past, and
in utter disregard of my fate in the future.
Sir, I am opposed to this anti-Benton party,
because I do not believe its leaders are sincere or
honest in any of their professions. Not only do
I judge this from their treatment of Colonel Ben-
ton, their reiterating charges against him from
which in years past they had themselves defended
him, but because they are presumptuous and pro-
scriptive to the last degree. They assume to nave
taken into their special custody the slave interest
of Missouri, and freely denounce as Republicans
and Abolitionists men of southern education,
slave-holders, and till others who do not conform
to and maintain every arbitrary tenet which they
set up; and yet every principle they profess,
when their interest requires, they abandon with-
out regret or hesitation. Making it a party test
to disbelieve in the power of Congress to legislate
on the subject of slavery in the Territories, they
come into this Hall and vote, and speak in favor
of the exercise of that power, and for men who
freely admit it, and against those who deny it—
abandoning thus without compunction that tenet
which is the fundamental doctrine of their faction.
They have disparaged the people of the free
States indiscriminately, with no good end in view,
but to excite against them the feelings of our
slave-holding^population, that it may redound to
their political advantage. They have for several
years past bitterly denounced the foreign popu-
lation of our State as free-soil and dangerous to
the slave interest, simply because they belonged
to the Benton Democrats; but now, since the rise
of the American party, they proclaim these same
foreigners to be better citizens than those who
are " native and to the manner born." But the
most unblushing of all their tergiversations is the
newborn love which they, in common with the
Democratic leaders, generally profess for the old-
line Whigs and the memory ofHenry Clay. Yes,
they who during his whole life followed him with
most bitter and relentless persecution, who tra-
dufced his private .character, who charged him
with bargain and corruption, who denounced all
his systems of liberal legislation, who sneered at
his patriotism and derided his sincerity—but who
could not meet him in debate; they who were
eclipsed by the brilliancy of his genius, who were
borne down by the power of his eloquence, who
shrunk from the glance of his eagle eye and trem-
bled before the frown of his majestic brow, but
who could, nevertheless, shoot the poisoned i
arrows of their calumny into his great and noble
heart—they can now assemble around the places
sacred to his memory, sing their paeans and shed
their crocodile tears in tribute to his many virtues,
and all this with the sinister purpose, and that
alone, of seducing the old-line Whigs from the
support of that staunch conservative patriot, Mil-
lara Fillmore, of whom Henry Clay himself said:
" The country owes him a debt of gratitude it
cannot easily repay."
But, Mr. Speaker, I am charged by the orators
and presses of the anti-Benton faction of Missouri
as a Free-Soiler—I .who have been raised and
educated to believe in the propriety of southern
institutions, and who have never uttered one
word against slavery, either as itexists or in the
abstract, and the charges are founded chiefly in
respect to my action during the present session
of Congress. Let me review it briefly.
When I came to this Congress, I was unwilling
to give a single vote that might be regarded as
indorsing President Pierce. I proclaimed that in
this Hall without hesitation, and did it because
I regarded his Administration as insincere and
unpatriotic. I hadobserved his action. He
came into power ujQpr the most favorable au-
spices, but, swayed by motives ofpersonal interest
or party obligation rather than the desire to pur-
sue a plain and simple line of duty with no end
in view but his country's good, he chose to exert
all his energy and patronage to harmonize the
many adverse elements which had combined in
his election. With this qbject in view, in selecting
his Cabinet, he called around him men of the most
extreme and discordant opinions, whose political
tenets and conduct had been most signally rebuked
by the Union-loving spirit which pervaded the
popular mind in 1850. This pandering to every
faction for the sake of popularity, and especially
the concessions made and offices given to the
Free-Soilers of the North, at the sacrifice of the
true conservative men of the country, was fully
exposed and bitterly denounced during the last
Congress by distinguished men of all parties.
With none of whom did I more fully concur than
with my colleague, Mr. C^ruthers, who then
said :
" General Pierce came into power almost by acclama-
tion—the fires of party were well nigh extinguished; even
opponents were disposed to approve. Did he not, in the
outset of his Administration, in the selection of his consti-
tutional advisers, instead of calling , around him the sound
national men of his party, to conciliate factions, and sec-
tions, and prejudices, call around him a heterogeneous
association of extremes, which have given us a series of
blunders and inconsistencies which nave weakened the
nation's faith, the nation's confidence, and the nation's
love ?"
That was spoken in this House on the 7th day
of April, 1854, at which time the Administration
was as fully committed to the Kansas measure aa
at any subsequent day. What has it since done
to restore what its " blunders and inconsisten-
cies" had then forfeited—" the nation's faith, the
nation's confidence, the nation's love?"
The Soft party of New York is notoriously the
Free-Soil party of that State, being the men who
nominated Van Buren and Adams at Buffalo, in
1848. That this is the Administration party in
that State, I show by the National Democrat,
published in New York, and now supporting-Mr.
Buchanan. In its issue of April 12,1856, speak-
ing of the Softs, it says:
" Fortified by the patronage of the Government, and stim-
ulated by the outside feeling in high quarters, which classes
them as Democrats, they are organized for new crusades
against the Democratic party. That organization is the
Softs—the supporters in this State of the Administration;
entertaining now the same views upon the slavery question
which they held in 1844 and 1848," &c.
The same paper has an article headed "A word
in season to southern Democrats," from which I
quote, as follows:
" The National Democrats of New York refrained from
opposing the administration of Mr. Pierce until longer sup-
port of it would have degraded them—until it insisted upon
pursuing a line of policy which, it was foreseen, would
result in building up anew the Free-Soil party of 1848."
From that same paper, of its issue of April 19,
1856,1 quote as follows:
" On the one hand the friends of Van Buren and Marey
present themselves, urging that their recognition by thit
present Administration should be taken in bar of all inves-
tigation of antecedents ; on the other hand, the Hard or
National Democrats have taken a solemn and serious ap-
peal from the proscriptions of the Administration ami its
