1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Note.—Heads of appropriation under which the above is
required, viz:
Quaitermaster's department—
Forage  $400,000
Fuel  60,000
 $460,000
Barracks and quarters  §10,000
Incidental expenses    180,000
Travel me allowances to officers  60,000
Tian&poitation of the army  1,000,000
/ Total $1,800,000
4 / Hon. jefferson Davis, Secretary of War, Washington.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate will perceive that
there is a provision embodied in this amendment
to enable the Secretary of War, under the direc-
tion of the President, to sell old sites which are
not needed for military purposes. Under this
Erovision it is hoped that hereafter we shall not
ave to appropriate for barracks and quarters.
"We shall get a fund from this source which will
probably pay that portion of the expenses of the
Army.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, it seems to me
that it is not proper to invest the Secretary of
"War with the large discretion of selling, in any
mode he may think proper, any military post.
If it is desirable to sell any of them, a provision
ought to be made regulating the mode of disposi-
tion and imposing some restrictions. At all events
it seems to me that the deficiency bill is not the
place for a provision of this nature. There are
military posts now occupied by the Government
of the United States which are of great value;
and this proposition is to commit to the Secretary
of War, under the direction of the President of
the United States, the power of selling them at
discretion for such price and in such way as he
may think proper. This does not seem to me
to be consistent with our system of distribution
of the public property. We will not allow an acre
of vacant land to be sold by the President of the
United States except under the express regulation
of law. There are sites at military posts which
ought to be reserved, whether an appropriation
to keep them up be made or not. I will mention
the one at Rock Island. That point ought, in my
judgment, to be selected for a military academy;
and sooner or later this Go vernmen t ought to make
appropriations for the organization of an academy
there. At any rate, it is of no expense to the
Government to keep it; and, if it be considered
desirable to sell any other post, a special provision
can be made for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I confess, sir, I caught with
avidity at any scheme which sought to make any
portion of our military system self-sustaining,
it seemed to me that we should be effecting a
great deal if we could, by the sale of old military
posts which had becomc useless, provide the
means for building the new quarters and barracks
that may be necessary. I thought, too, there
was a hope that it might become a regular sys-
tem. When we select sites on the frontier, they
are of very little value; as population settles
around them, their value increases for the uses of
civil life, and they cease to be of any service for
military purposes. We can then sell them, and
probably provide the means, as I am assured,by
which we may cut off this large portion of the
expenses of the Army. I was anxious to secure
something like that system—one which has often
been recommended by the Secretary of War. If,
however, the clause requires further guards, I
hope the Senator from Missouri will suggest
them. I would like to throw all the guards around
that power which might be practicable; but I do
not at present see how it could be properly
amended. I do not know how the authority
would be useful, if we were to restrict him to
advertising and accepting the highest bidder. We
have either to give the discretion or refuse it.
We have either to take the benefits of this sys-
tem, or to go without it. If we desire the benefits
of the system, we must give the discretion to the
Secretaiy and President to sell when they think
it to the advantage of the United States to do so.
I do not see what temptation they could have to
sell any site which might be wanted for military
purposes. They would probably only sell where
the site was useless for military purposes, and
had acquired a money value.
So far as any special post may be concerned—
■Rock Island or any other—I know nothing about
it. If it is necessary we can make a special
reservation. Congress will always have it in their
power to except from sale, if tney choose, any
such spot as that which the Senator suggests. If
it is thought that particular places should be
reserved, Congress can say so now. I was not
aware, however, that there was any special rea-
son for reserving Rock Island, orany other site;
and I believe the whole subject may be left safely
to the discretion of the Secretary of War. As it
is, I am told that we frequently lose the value of
these posts from the fact, that sometimes preemp-
tions are made on them; the parties come to us
asking for a bill to relieve them, and it is passed
through both Houses as a private bill. Generally,
the subject is not understood. We have, as I
am informed, in some cases, lost valuable prop-
erty in this way; but if we were to adopt some-
thinglike a system, and require the Secretary of
War to report his views on all such cases, he
would act under responsibility to Congress and
public opinion. However, as I hare said, if the
Senator from Missouri will suggest any proper
guards, I shall be happy to vote for them.
Mr. GEYER. Whenever a bill is presented
proposing to regulate the disposition of this prop-
erty, I shall endeavor to make an effort to guard
it; but it seems to me that it is unwise to vest in
the Secretary of War, under the direction of the
President, so large a discretion as is proposed by
this provision. It is not necessary, I presume,
for the support of the Army. I suppose that the
proceeds of these sites arc not necessary for mil-
itary purposes, for the support of the Army, op,
any of its departments. I presume, also,thatf
whenever it shall become necessary or proper to
sell any post, the Secretary of War will call on
Congress for authority to make the sale, and then
it will be time enough to provide for the mode of
disposition.
Believing it to be inexpedient to bestow this
power on the Secretary of War, I move to strike
out the proviso in the amendment of the commit-
tee, in the following language:
Provided, however, That the Secretary of War be, and he
hereby, authorized to sell, under the direction of the
Piesident, all military sites which have been, or which may
hereafter become, unnecessary for militaiy purposes; and
that the money aiismg from the pales of such sites ,*hall
constitute a fund for the purchase and improvement of other
sites which it may become necessary to occupy for the
defense of the frontiers And it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of W:u to report, within one month after the
commencement of each session of Confess, the action of
the Department under the authoi ity hei eby conferred, show-
ing the number and description of &ites sold, and the amount
received for each, with a detailed account of the applica-
tion of the money received.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the motion made by
the Senator from Missouri will not prevail. Many
sites and military posts were established years
ago upon what was then supposed to be the fron-
tier. Now, in consequence of emigrants having
settled around those military posts and the Indians
having disappeared, tlicy are 110 longer necessary
for military purposes. You may take, for instance,
one of the military posts in California, established
in 1851—Fort Reading. It was then on the ex-
treme frontier; there were very many Indians in
that vicinity; but now, such has been the tide of
emigration to that section of the State, the Indians
are gradually disappearing and it is no longer
necessary to keep up a mill tary post at that point.
The Government has expended perhaps from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred thousand dol-
lais in putting up buildings at that place. I have
no doubt that military post can be sold for a very
fair price. It is certainly becoming useless for
military purposes. So itis with many other posts.
There have been sites selected at points which
were indispensably necessary three, or four, or
five years ago, but "where it is no longer necessary
to keep up military posts.
If I understand the proposition submitted by
the Committee on Finance, it is, that whenever
they become unnecessary for military purposes,
the Secretary of War, under the direction of the
President of the United States, shall have the au-
thority to sell them. What can be the objection
to that? When it is no longer necessary to keep
up posts for military purposes, what disposition
can you make of them ? I ask my friend from
Missouri to tell me what he proposes to do with
them? They are not needed for military pur-
poses, and why should the Government continue
to be the owner of them ? Why not suffer the
emigrants to go there and cultivate the land ? At
the military sites which have been selected in
California there is a considerable quantity of land
attached to them; the military keep off the emi-
grants; they will not suffer our people to go on
the land and cultivate it. If itis unnecessary for
the purposes of the Government, why should
you prevent the settlement and cultivation of the
land around those posts ? I ask my friend from
Missouri to tell me what disposition he will make
of them ? They are useless to the Government.
Why, then, should it prevent the emigrant from
cultivating the soil attached to those posts ?
Besides, as I have already intimated, in various
parts of the Union large sums of money have
been expended for buildings on these military
sites. Does my friend from Missouri propose to
keep an armed force there, and expend public
money there, in keeping those buildings in repair?
Why expend money to keep them m repair if
they bo unnecessary for military purposes ? It
seems to me that economy requires that we should
got rid of the unnecessary sites as soon as possible,
because so long as we retain them they will be a
constant charge on the Treasury to keep the
buildings in repair.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I can see one
difficulty in the way of allowing the Secretary of
War—whether the present or any succeeding
one—to settle the question for himself. The pres-
ent Secretary might think the exercise of the
power was unnecessary, and might therefore re-
fuse to exercise it; but the very next man who
succeeds him might have a contrary opinion and
act on it. Different officers see these things in
a different light. We are trusting a very import-
ant decision to the judgment of one man. I do
not pretend to say that any Secretary would in-
tentionally judge incorrectly, but we know how
widely we tliffcr in opinion as to what is neces-
sary. I do not mean to address myself to th,e
committee's amendment particularly; but if it is
to pass at all, I desire to suggest that it ought
to be amended, so as to read, " that the money
arising from the sales of such sites shall be paid
into the Treasury, and shall constitute a fund,"
&c. I do not like this thing of keeping accounts
outside of the Treasury. I move, therefore, to
insert the words, "be paid into the Treasury,
and shall," to make the clause read as I have
suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that.
The amendment of Mr. Brown was agreed to;
and the question recurred on Mr. Geyer's mo-
tion to strike out the proviso as amended.
Air. COLLAMER. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri; but I do not
wish that position to be taken as an intimation
that I have not confidence in the Secretary of
AVar to the full extent of all the purposes for
which the Senators from Virginia and California
have urged this provision. It may be that it
would be a safe investment of discretion. I doubt
it. The great objection which I have is to the
sweeping nature of the provision. It extends to
" all military sites." It seems to me that it goes
infinitely beyond what the gentlemen have spoken
of as necessary. They have told us of the use-
lessness of some interior military sites; but there
is no provision here limiting the power to those
cases. It is not confined to frontier military
sites—it is unlimited, unqualified. Under the
power which this clause proposes to give to the
Secretary of War, he may sell all the fortifications
for the defense of the city of No\V York, all the
fortifications for the defense of the city of Boston,
of Charleston, and of every other city in the
Union. He may sell, if he pleases, at his own
discretion, any military site in the United States,
and all the fortifications on them. It seems to
me that so unlimited and unqualified a power aa
this is not necessary for the purposes of which
the gentlemen have spoken. It is certainly a very
dangerous and unlimited provision. I cannot
vote for it. I shall therefore support the motion
of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I agree fully
with my friend from Missouri, who has moved
to strike out this clause of the amendment of the
Committee on Finance. There arc other consid-
erations, I think, besides those which have been
suggested, which ought to induce us to pause
before we take a step of this character. I do not
at all differ in opinion from the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] nor the
