42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
through, concealing his birth-place, and his anti-slavery
sentiment?, or ri->k being arrested, bullied, maltreated, per-
haps even murdered.M
Governor Shannon, the man to whom your
President intrusted the Executive power when
the siavp propaganda demanded the immolation
of Reeder, and whom now your Executive has
flung so ignominiously away, distributed the
arms of the United States to bands of lawless men
that are now roving over the Territory, robbing,
plundering, murdering, or hovering on the front-
iers, ready to enter tne Territory at the call of
Atchison, that frank, outspoken marauder chief-
tain, who, at least, to do him justice,
" Will leave a ruffian's name to other times,
Linked with one virtue and a thousand crimes."
* The President has recalled Shannon. This
proviso authorizes the President to recall the
arms he distributed to men who are disturbing
the peace of the Territoiy. The right to do this
is as clear as the duty to do it. Mr. President,
the venerable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
indulges in the expression of the hope, that the
people will rise and rebuke what he is pleased to
call the sectionalism of the House of Represent-
atives. If that House is sectional in its feelings
or its actions, it is sectional because the people
are sectional. The people elected that House,
and they supposed they had secured a decisive
majority of national men in favor of arresting
that sectional policy which is extending over the
conuncnt—a local, sectional institution, which is
converting oui democratic Government into the
instrument of the most sccuonal, domineering
aristocracy the sun in his course across the hea-
vens now looks down upon. But the people hnve
been deceived—betrayed by men who have fallen
before the seductions of that power that assumes,
with haughty mien, to direct the policy of the
Republic. Thank God, the people, unlike their
brethren m Kansas, are yet free to right their own
wrongs. They can ignominiously huil from
their places their faithless Repicsontatives. The
Senator from Michigan [Air. Cas>s>] should not
lose confidence m the capacity of the people to
preserve their free institutions!, becnuse they aie
rising in the dignity of freemen to throw off the
domination of that privileged class which has
grasped the reins of power, and uses the Demo-
cratic party as its instrument. Power is passing
from the men who have been the obedient agents
of that sec.uou.il oligaiehy. That such men, in
these days of their waning power, should lose
faith in the people they have lmsiepreseiiteil, is not
unnatural. When the Duchess of Orleans tinned
away from the French National Assembly with
hei sou, the royal heir, while the ery " if is too
late" sounded in her oar, she doubtless thought
the institutions of France were reeling around
her. While the Senator's friend, Lotus Philippe,
was tossing in that little skiff which bore hun
across the wnves of the British Channel fiom his
throne, which had gone down beneath the throes
of popular liberty, he doubtless thought that the
institutions of Fiance were lalbng with the fall-
ing fortunes of his family. Tin; dynasty of the
younger branch of the Bourbons went down, but
France survives. Let not the Senator from 3Vi lch-
ican—let not his associates indulge in the illusion
that the free institutions of the Republic will
fdiare their falling fortunes. When that prosti-
tuted Demouaty the slave power has debauched
goes down, as it will go down, befoie the rising
spirit of a free people, the free institutions of
America will survive, in all their original vigor,
purity, and splendor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President  
Mr, HUNTER. If the Senator from Louisiana
Will give way and allow us to take the question
on this motion, if it can be taken, we may send
the bill to the House, and he can continue his
speech afterwards.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I remain entitled to the
floor, and have a right to go on with the few ob-
servations which I desire to make, I shall not
object to thrft course.
Mr. HUNTER. Ofcourse,bygeneralconsent,
the Senator can go on afterwards.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That courtesy will begranted
by general consent.
^ Mr, BENJAMIN. I give way for that pur-
pose, and shall go on with my remarks after-
wards.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
insist on the amendment of the Senate, and ask
for a conference.
Mr. WADE. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Butler,
Oa s, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Geyer,
Houston, Hunter, lverson, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mailory, Ma-^on, Pearce, Pratt, Pu?h, Reid, Seba&tian,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toucev, Wellei,and Wnght—33.
NAYS — Messrs. Durkee, Foster, Harlan, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—6.
So the motion was agreed to. Messrs. Hun-
ter, Crittenden, and Bigler, were appointed
managers at the conference on the part of the
Senate.
, ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that they had passed a resolution providing for
the adjournment of the two Houses of Congress
on Thursday next, at three o'clock, p. m.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A subsequent message announced that the
House of Representatives insisted on its adher-
ence to its amendment, disagreed to by the Sen-
ate, to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. II. No. 153) making appropriations for the
support of the Army, for the year ending June
30, 1857, agreed to the conference asked for by
the Senate, and that Messrs. Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Alexander H. Stephens, and John Sher-
man were the conferees on the part of the House.
Mr. WELLER. For the purpose of having
something before the Senate on which the debate
may proceed, 1 move to take up the resolution of
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] for
the appointment of a special committee of seven
Senators and eleven Representatives to arrange
the difference between the two Houses in regard
to the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, by the kind-
ness of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benja- I
mint,] I will take three minutes tosetmyself right j
on a question of personal consistency. The point
which I raised on this bill, was not that, it was
revolutionary and factious for either House to
introduce legislative matter upon an appropriation
bill, because it aught be that both Houses would
agree to it, and it might be acceptable; in that
ease, ail that could be said of it was, that it was
on t of place—but there was nothing revolutionary
or factious in it. I said it was revolutionary for
one House to attempt to force the other, through
the means of an appropriation bill, to adoptlegis-
lation which was contrary to its opinions and
judgment. That was the point 1 took; and there
is nothing in my past action which is contrary to
thai doctrine. It is true, I did vote for the amend-
ment of Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin, upon a
general appropriation bill, to give a government
Jo the Territories acquired from Mexico. Upon
the merits of that proposition, I shall not now
enter. There is no time to do it. It is enough
to say that the question was between that and
total anarchy. Such was tlfb condition m which
the question stood between the two Houses, and
it would not have been revolutionary to introduce
a measure of that soit, if it were acceptable to
the House of Representatives. It might have
beenitnproperin that place; that is tosay, unusual.
That might not have been the place to settle such
questions, but I never said it was revolutionary.
| To show that the Senate took the same view of
j it, and that they would not attempt, by means of
; an appropriation bill, to force obnoxious legiski-
! tion on the House, I may mention that, when ■
i the House differed and amended it, the Senate |
! receded. j
; So of the tariff portion of the civil and diplo- '
! matic appropriation bill last year. I said at the 1
i time, as well as I remember—I have not looked .
back to the debate, but 1 think it will be found |
; Unit i said at the time—i would not use the ap- '
, propriation bills to enable one House to force on I
! the other legislation which was obnoxious to it, '
i and which it behoved to be improper; but m regard !
' to that, I was willing, as one of the Senate, inas- :
! much as the House had concurred, and as I con-1
i curred in its piopriety aj a great measure of:
reform, to put it there. I said it was to be remem-
bered that it had come up to us from that House
which alone has the right to originate bills rais-
ing revenue. They themselves had put it there.
They had overruled the decision of the Speaker
and brought it up; and they having agreed to
it, I never pretended that it would be revolution-
ary or factious, if we concurred with them in
opinion, to put such a measure upon the bill;
but if they had been opposed to it and we had
attempted to force them to adopt this change in
the tariff through the power of an appropria-
tion bill, I say it would have been revolutionary
on our part; it would have been an invasion of
their equal rights as a coordinate branch of the
Legislature. That is the point; and I submit that
nothing which I have done is contrary to the po-
sition which I then took. I explained it in a pre-
vious debate with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] not now present. I explained to
him the difference between the vote which I then
gave, and the case which is now before us.
It may be, that, in the course of my past his-
tory, I have given votes that are improper. Is
that any argument, if I had done so, to use here
before the Senate? The question is, is it right
upon those considerations of propriety which be-
long to the question ?—not what vote 1 may have
given. Suppose I had voted inconsistently—in a
manner which 1 could not sustain by reason; yet
if it was found, that, by pursuing that course, I
should only involve myself deeper, would it not be
proper for me to retrace my steps? Nothing of
the sort has occurred. I maintain there was noth-
ing inconsistent in the vote I then gave with the
issue so far as I have attempted to make it here.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I bee leave to say to the
Senator fiom Louisiana, before he proceeds, that
the Senator from Massachusetts read a portion of
the record, a part of the debate of 1855, on a
prooosition to insert a tariff bill on the civil and
diplomatic bill; and I should like in this place,
with his permission, to lead a little more of that
debate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have that debate before
me; but I have no objection to yield to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania for that purpose.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand the Senator
from Louisiana has it before him, and I will not
trespass on his time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr President, 1 had not
intended to say a word on this subject,which is
now dividing the two branches of Congress, nor
could I have beentemptcd from my determination
to remain silent, had it not been for what I con-
sider the very extraordinary remarks of the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] this morn-
ing. I heard those remarks with equal surprise
and pain. They differed in my judgment so en-
tirely from all that has hitherto marked the course
of that experienced and able Senator, that I could
not believe the remarks which he made fell from
him. They were not made with Ins usual calm-
ness,wisdom, and conciliation; but, if he will per-
mit mo to say so to him, with some heat and
temper directed against the majority of this body,
which, upon the particular proposition that now
divides the two Houses of Congress, appears to
me to agree in opinion with what he has uni-
formly asserted to be sound constitutional doc-
trine.
Sir, that Senator this morning thought proper
to call the majoiily of this body to task for re-
fusing the other day, upon the suggestion of him-
self and the Senator from Tennessee,[Mr. Bell,]
to yield to their proposition to insist, in prefer-
ence to the proposition which was eventually
adopted, to adhere upon the bill then before the
Senate; and the Senator exclaims triumphantly,
4,is not this a backing down of the Senate? is
not this an abandonment of their former position ?
Could it be right to adhere then, and not right to
adhere now?" I answer that Senator without the
slightest difficulty. When the proposition was
made the other day to adhere to the position of
the Senate on the bill then before it, that propo-
sition was sustained by the majority on the ex-
press ground that the House retained in its pos-
session this other bill upon which we are now
acting, upon which it was perfectly within the
power of the House to retrace its steps if ltthought
proper so to do, and that, consequently, our vote
to adhere upon the bill then before us was merely
an indication of the decided opinion of a majority
