1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
fied in my own mind that they knew nothing about it. The
books show that in a number of instances the same witness
has testified for fifty, sixty, or one hundred applicants. I
have seen instances when the witness was ignorant of the
name of the applicant, and would ask him his name in his
native language. I have seen witnesses hanging about the
court, who, 1 was satisfied, were there for the purpose of
being witnesses for persons applying for naturalization;
some of them have told me they were paid for being wit-
nesses ; some of these were not citizens; and m one
instance, 1 remember, after a man had been witness for a
number of applicants, he was himself naturalized."
Thus you see, Mr. President, the character of
these noble foreigners, for whose rights the sym-
pathy of the country has been so much excited,
and m whose behalf such eloquent appeals have
been made to the American heart; or, rather, do
you not see the frauds committed in the State
courts, and the necessity of the repeal of the Jaw
conferring on State courts the power to naturalize
foreigners, and to confine it to the Federal courts ?
But 1 proceed to give additional proof.
George Henry Poulson, agent, residing in the
city of New York, answered:
" I have frequently been present, as an interpreter, during
the process of naturalization; that the instances of persons
applying to be naturalized who are wholly ignorant of the
English language are frequent; and though they understand
the terms of the oath when translated to them in words, yet
they were frequently unable to comprehend the meaning of
said oath; and there are now hundreds of Germans who
have been admitted citizens who do not now understand
the English language, or the meaning of the oaths to which
they have been sworn; and as to the principles of the Con-
stuution of the United States, they have no knowledge or
comprehension of them. Many of them are aged persons,
without any education, and who are naturalized at the
solicitation of others, and without any desire of their own,
merely to become the toolsof political parties, f have been
present, and been asked to interpret the oaths, and my
interpretation has been received without my having been
sworn." ******
" It is a general practice to advertise in a German paper
in this city, that all Germans wishing to be naturalized should
apply to the German committee at Tammany Hall, where
they will receive their naturalizations grant.. I am well
informed that it is the practice, previous to elections, for per-
sons employed for that purpose by Tammany Hall, to call
on the Germans, and to persuade them to be naturalized;
and I have learned, in their general conversation, that it is
often the oa«;e the certificates of naturalization aie kept by
said committee until the day of election, when they are
handed to the parties, to be presented to them at the polls,
they being accompanied thereto by some one of the said
committee."
What mocko.ry!
Do you want further proof that five years'resi-
dence is totally insufficient to justify us in con-
ferring the rights of citizenship? Do you want
further proof that our institutions are in danger
when political parties can find such tools among
our foreign population to corrupt the ballot-box,
demoralize our people, and control, as they often
do, the election of our public officers ? If you
wish such further proof, here it is:
Winthrop Atwel!, of the city of New York,
editor, being duly sworn, answered:
"The ignorance of the applicants, and their ignorance
of our institutions. In half the cas^, they did not under-
stand the natuie of their application. When I heard them
examined the day previous to the last election, before the
court of common pleas, in this city, many of the applicants
then naturalized, and without the intervention of an inter-
preter, did not understand enough of the English language
to comprehend the nature of the questions propounded to
them; which was so apparent that, after the certificate was
granted, the judge remarked: e Don't bring me another
man who does, not understand the language, unless you
also bring an interpreter with him.5 "
Marcellus Eells, of New York, testified as fol-
lows:
" As to violence, I recollect, at a poll in the Twelfth
ward in this city, as many as thnty persons being violently
beaten daring the day of the election, by a band of Irish-
men collected there, who were subsequently rewarded by
a free distribution of liquor by a political party; the leader
of which gang has since held lucrative political offices at
different times. One person attacked, (namely, .Regal P.
Ward,) now an assistant alderman, having voted, at a
whoop, the usual signal of these foreigners, was pursued
by them, and dragged from a house in which he had taken
refuge. He was held forcibly by them, and beaten until he
was insensible. There were about fifty persons in this
gang. He fell insensible upon the ground, and was there
stamped upon until his features were scarcely distinguish-
able. At another time, Alderman Jams, of the same ward,
was beset in a similar manner by a body of foreigners, and
seriously injured. I saw a person named Bacon, who was
seized at the ballot-box when about to vote, and there vio-
lently beaten. In an attempt to protect this individual, one
of the inspectors was forced through one of the windows."
Now, sir, when the generosity of this country
i-s considered, in receiving with open arms and
hospitable hearts—extending, as we have, this
asylum of the oppressed to all nations, and con-
ferring on them all the rights of citizenship with
the liberty and protection of our institutions; I
aslc if such a requital for such kindness was ever
borne with such complacency by any people ? I
apprehend that any other people, realizing the
abuses to which our present policy is liable,
would have passed the neccssary laws to prevent
a recurrence of them, even if such a measure had
required the entire exclusion of foreigners; and
the just and reasonable portion of our foreign
population must have approved the act. I am
not going into an examination of the disgraceful
riots which have occurred in different portions
of the country, nor to intimate an opinion that
blame does not attach to both parties: sufficient
for my purpose is to call attention to the fact,
that the cause is to be found in the excessive
number of immigrants coming to the country,
with thefacilities of making them citizens.
But, sir, another groat danger, and one still
more formidable to our institutions, is to bo found
in the apprehensions expressed by Mr. Butler.
The love of nativity—the influence of early
impressions, of which men can seldom entirely
divestthemsel ves—is common to all, from the most
cultivated to the veriest savage. The poets of
Europe, for years after they settle in our country,
sing the praises of their mother land. The sav-
age's untutored mind loves the spot on which he
first looked upon the light and admired the rising
sun; loves the gliding stream, waving grass, and
towering hills, which charmed his first impres-
sions. So with all the intermediate classcs; none
are exempt from it. It is a principle or affection
of our nature; and, while we do not condemn
it, whenever we find its exercise detrimental to
the public weal it becomes our imperative duty, as
prudent legislators, to guard against it. That
the evil exists in this country to a dangerous ex-
tent, I proceed to show by the separate combina-
tions and organizations of various kinds within
our Government. The first evidence I shall offer
is an extract from the Freeman's Journal, in
which it is said:
" Irishmen learn in America to bide their time. Year by
year the United States and England touch each other more
and more nearly on the seas. Year by year the Irish are
becoming more and more powerful in America. At length
the propitious time will come—some accidental, sudden
collision, and a presidential campaign at hand. We mil
use, then, the very profligacy of our politicians for ow pur-
poses. They will want to buy the Irish vote, and we will
tell them how they can buy it in a lump, from Maine to
California—by declaring war on Great Butam, and wiping
off, at the same time, the stains of concessions and dis-
honor, that our Websters, and men of this kind, have per-
mitted to bo heaped upon the American flag by violence
of British agents."
There is the danger, Mr. President, of a num-
ber of persons in our country who can be com-
bined together for a common purpose, inconsistent
with the safety and opposed to the interest of this
Government. This editor supposes we have pol-
iticians among us base enough to buy them. I
hope it is not true; yet, for fear such men do
exist, and that such combinations may control
our elections, I would at once put a stop to this
increasing vicious power. The Boston Pilot of
October 31, 1844, says: j
" We say to all men in the United States entitled to be
naturalized, Become citizens while you can; let nothing
delay you for an hour; let no hindrance short of mortal
disease banish you from the ballot-box. To those who arc
citizens, we say, Vote your principles, whatever they be ;
never desert them; do not be wheedled or terrified; but
vote quietly, seriously, and unobtrusively. .Leave to others
the noisy warfare of words ; let your opinions be proved by
your deliberate and determined action. We recommend to
you no paity; we condemn no candidate butone, and he is
Theodore Frclmghuysen. We have nothing to say to linn as
a Whig; we have nothing to say to Mr. Clay nor any other
Whig, as such; but to the President of the American Board
of Foreign Missions, the triend and patron of the Kirks and
Coxes, we have much to say. We hate his intolerance;
we dislike his associates; and we shudder at the blackness
and bitterness of that school of sectarians to which he
belongs, and amongst whom he is regarded uis an au-
thoiity."
Upon this effort, in 1844, to mingle religious
prejudices with political elections, and to excite
the foreigners against the Protestant denomina-
tions in this country, 1 have no comments to
make, except to express my regret that such an
effort should have ever been made by religious
papers or politicians. If such has been the case,
and evil should result from it, the greater blame
will attach to him who commenced it. That is
a subject, however, into which it is not my pur-
pose to inquire. Toshowthatevenour patriotic
naturalized foreigners may become a little egotist-
ical, and consider themselves a separate class and
entitled to exclusive privileges, 1 ask the atten-
tion cf the Senate to a communication, dated
Philadelphia, December 18, 1845, addressed to
President Polk: the communication explains it-
self:
" Sir : We are naturalized citizens, and members of the
Democratic party, who, having heard with extreme surprise
that George W. Woodward has been urged upon you as a
person qualified to fill the vacancy upon the bench of fbe
supreme court, beg leave most earnestly to remonstrate
against any such appointment. In the convention to amend
the constitution of Pennsylvania, this gentleman proposed
so to amend iti as to prevent any foreigner who may arrive
in this State after the 4th of July, 1841, from acquiring the
right to vote or hold office in this Commonwealth.' Sjuch *
doctrines might have been suited to the days of the elder
Adams, but were considered by every Democrat as entirely
at war with the principles of the great Democratic party.
Those principles were luminously expounded.in the reso-
lutions of the Baltimore convention, and upon that faith
we urged and advocated your election with all our zeal
and strength. We do therefore sincerely trust that they
will be fully carried out in relation to this great judicial
appointment. There is an intense excitement among our
naturalized citizens, which nothing could restrain if such
a nomination were to be made. We therefore protest most
solemnly against George W, Woodward."
Here they speak of themselves as a separate
class—as foreign citizeiis; and attempt to intimi-
date the President, and control him in the dis-
charge of his high duty, by informing him that
there is " an intense excitement" among the nat-
uralized citizens; as such, they protest against
Mr. Woodward's nomination. Fortunately, Mr.
Polk was at the head of the Government, and did
not heed the threats and attempted dictation of
these impertinent foreigners, lie sent the nom-
ination to the Senate, yet, through some influence,
it was not confirmed. You will recollect, Mr.
President, similar remonstrances against the
action of the Senate during the last Congress.
They had no more influence on this body than
the one just read had with Mr. Polk. Yet if
immigration continues as it has recently, th®
time will soon come when the admonition, yes,
the dictation, of foreigners will be omnipotent in
this land, and a native-born citizen will be com-
pelled to bow submissively to the yoke, be it
light or oppressive.
"We have in our country many German organ-
izations whose objects will be 'best understood
by referring to their platform of principles. Here
is an extract from one of their circulars and plat-
form of principles:
" To all true Republicans in the Union :
" The free Germans of the Union have found it necessary
to organize themselves for the purpose of being able to ex-
ercise a political activity propoi tionable to their number
and adapted to their principles." * * *
" The free Germans furthermore indulge in the hope that
it will be possible to form a powerful reform party, embrac-
ing all who want that liberty now eo much endangered,
and the progress and happiness of this our common Repub-
lic to be secured on principles lasting and truly republican
and democratic. They wish, after having completed their
organization, to estahiish, with the aid of their liberal-
minded fellow-citizens, such a power of votes as to be able,
m 1856, to decide the victory in favor of a party of true
reformers. Signed by the Committee.
"Louisville, Kentucky, March, 1854."
To show further their purposes, I will read
from a German paper published in St. Louis:
" The fir*t and most principal mark whereby we distin-
guish ourselves from religious people is, that in the belief
on a God, and that which connects itself with this belief,
we recognize a destructive cancer, which for thousands of
years has been gnawing at humanity, and preventing it
from attaining its destiny. No individual can live as a
human being—in no family can true happiness flourish—
the whole human race is hastening on the ways of error-r-
so long as the [scheusdichsten Popanzc] most abominable
hobgoblins—God, future existence, eternal retribution—are
permuted to maintain their ghostly existence. It is, there-
fore, the great task of every genuine revolutionist to put
forth his best powers for the destruction of this flagitious
non-trio, viz: the hobgoblins of a God, future existence,
and future rewards and punishments. No revolution is
more than half executed unless the vi at nerve of the great
arch-monarch beyond the stars (the eternal Sovereign of
the universe) is cut asunder. Eveiy attempted revolution
is vain if the ministers of this monarch are not extermin-
ated as we are wont to exterminate ruinous vermm."
From a German paper, published at Newark,
Xsew Jersey:
"Self-preservation is the first and most prominent in-
stinct of eveiy living creature, as well as of man. So soon
as our relations assume the form stated ahove, (namely, so
soon as want of employment and higher prices ot provisions
ensue,) then this instmetot self-preservation makes its right
effective, and the very natural impulse [drangjis awakened
to fall to, seize hold and take, wherever it is to be found,
whatever is needful to life, especially bread and meat.
Laws, customs, morality, ruligion, and whatever these
strait jackets of social life may be called, have indeed
considerably circumscribed this instinct of self-preservation,
especially when it assumes the form of seizing hold of what
others claim. But in great and general distress, (i.
wheu employment is scarce and provisions dear,) nature
rends asunder all thes« artificial bands and chains with
