1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
of the Senate that they were right in the course
they had adopted, whilst af the same time they
left open for the House a door for conciliation, if
the House thought proper to avail itself of that
opening. But now, the House having refused to
retrace its steps—to make the slightest vaiiation
in thai march which it seems so fatally bent on
purs>um;-r, the Senatoi from Virginia this morn-
ing, m behalf of the majority of the Senate, has
avoided the usual parliamentary motion to ad-
here, but has moved to insist, and offered a com-
mittee of conference to the House, thus giving it
the last possible opportunity for reconsidering
what we deem to be its ill-advised action, for
coming back into the old, well-trodden, well-
known paths of the Constitution of the country.
And, sir, it is at a time when a proposition of
this kind is made, which the Senator from Dela-
ware says lit; hrnwlf approves—which he says
lie a^.piovtd the other day when it was offered
on his behalf—it is at such a time as this, and
when a majority of the Senators show such a dis-
position of conciliation as this, that the honor-
able Senator from Delaware selects the opportu-
nity to cast sneers upon the majority, to reproach (
them for their past action, and to taunt them for !
receding from the ground which hitherto they '
have occupied. There has been no receding, sir.
The march of the Senate has been steady, plain,
and straightforward; it can be but one. The
Constitution has beaten out for us a track which
we must follow, or violate the oaths which we
took when we assumed our scats upon this floor.
That track we intend to follow to the end, not
with passion, not with rashness, not with obsti-
nacy, but with a calm persistence in the path of
duty which shall command the respect even of
those who are opposed to us in opinion.
The Senator from Delaware went further, and
he told us this morning that the responsibility
for an adjournment without passing this appro-
priation bill did not rest exclusively on the House
of Representatives;and it pleased him to denounce
in language of the most vehement character, cer-
tain laws passed by the Legislature of Kansas,
and to call upon us to say whether we could sup-
port ourselves in the face of the country for an
adjournment after a refusal to repeal such laws as
those which he depicted to us ? The answer to
this again is plain and clear. We have no power
to repeal laws in this body, passed by any other
body than the Congress of the United States.
The Congress of the United States has the right
to repeal its own legislation; it has not the right
to repeal the legislation of any other legislative
body, either of State or Territory. _ It is in our,
power to do what we have have twice done. It
js jn our power by a general enactment to recall
to the misguided people of Kansas who have
passed these obnoxious laws, those principles
contained in the bills of lights of must of the
States of this Union, and consecrated in the Con-
stitution of the Union itself. It is m our power,
I to recall those fundamental principles of
civi/liberty to the people of the Territory, and to
lemuid them of the fact, that any legislation of
thens in contravention of those principles is null
and void, and must be so declared, not hv the
Congiess of the United States, but by the i..urts
of justice of the land. I shall enlarge upon this
branch of the subject to a little greater extent when
I come, in a few moments, to examine this pro-
viso of the House of Representatives—a proviso
that subverts every principle of constitutional
liberty, upon which the Governments, both of
the Federal Union and of the States of the Con-
federacy, are founded.
The Senator from Delaware says that a large
portion of the responsibility must rest on this
body if we adjourn without the repeal of those
laws. Twice has this body passed the only law
that it is m its power to pass; twice has it in-
voked the House of Representatives to concur
with us in an enactment declaring null and void
every provision of the l^ansas laws which is in
violation either of the bills of rights of most of
the States of this Union, or, of the Constitution of
the United States; and twice has the proposition
of this House been treated with utter contumely
by the other House; they have not even taken it
up foi consideration. We are told now, by cer-
tain gentlemen here, who are the advocates of
the majority of the other branch, that that bill
was not taken up, because it contained other pro-
visions obnoxious to the majority of that House.
What prevented the House of R'or*svn'atives
from taking up our bills, and striking out what!
was obnoxious, ar.d sending back to Js whet we |
could both agree upon? "VVe did not, provide a |
section for the repeal of those is laws, bhs< d
upon the condition thai they should pa^sthe r^st
of the provisions of that pacification hill. We
sent them a bill such as we deemed wise, just,
and beneficent for settling the difficulties in Kan-
sas. They have refused to take ltup atall. They
have refused to consider its provisions. They
have not said to us: " Here is one or another or
a third section of.your bill that does not suit us;
but this provision which tends to the repeal of
all those laws of Kansas which are in opposition
to the fundamental principle of free government,
we retain and are ready to pass." If the House
of Representatives had sent us back that bill, re-
taining in it no poition except the one clause
which provides for the repeal of the obnoxious
legislation in Kansas, I take it upon myself to
pay that the Senate would have concurred in that
amendment—that there isamajoiity of the Senate
here to-day ready to pass that section by itself.
Therefore, I say to the Senator from Delaware,
it is not just to attribute any of the blame for the
non-repeal of those statutes to this body, or to
the majority of this body, as he has done. He is
a classical scholar. He is fond of classical quo-
tations. Let me recall to him one from the Roman
satirist: " Dat veniam corvis, vexat censura colam-
bas 55
Mr. President, I did mean to say nothing ex-
cept in reply to what fell from the Senator from
Delaware this morning; but upon the question
that is now dividing the two Houses, as he seemed
to insist that some degree of blame might be
reasonably cast upon the Senate, I will call the
attention of the Senate and the country, so far as
my feeble voice can upon any occasion be hoped
to reach the country or any part of it, to this j
proviso upon which the two branches of Con- .
gress arc now separated, and ask whether it, be \
indeed true that any portion of the blame can be j
justly attributed to the Senate?
We separated here on the 18th day of August,
in pursuance of a joint resolution of the two
branches, passed a full month before, I think,
without the slightest anticipation on the part of
either branch that the usual appropriations for
the conduct of the Government would be refused.
But we adjourned. The President of the United
( States, unable to carry on the Government—un-
! able to do his constitutional duty as regarded the
' protection of the persons, the lives, thoproperty
of the citizens of the country by reason of the
failure of the bill providing appropriations for the
Army, called us together again — for what pur-
pose? For the purpose of voting the supplies
which were absolutely indispensable to conduct
the Government. We anticipated no other sub-
jects of legislation as being necessary. The two
branches of Congress, by agiecing to adjourn,
had agreed, in fact, that theie was no necessity
for any other legislation than thatupon the appro-
j priation bill. If the two blanches of Congress
I had not agieed cither that theie was no nnecessity
! for any other legislation except the finishing of
j this appiopnation bill, or had not agreed that
I they could come to no conclusion upon any proper
| subject of legislation except that appropriation
; bill, we should have continued our session; but
! when we olFered to the other House to continue
| our session either for the purpose of closing the
• appropriation bill, or for the purpose of complct-
; ing such other legislation as might be necessary
1 for the country, how were we met? How were
we met in the other branch of Congiess? We
were met by appeals to the usual technical rules
of the House, made for the purpose of protecting
minorities and for defeating the'will of majorities
unless due time were given for the will of the ma-
jority to be expressed in tegal and constitutional
formula. What was the result? That a party,
then apparently in the minority in that body,
forced the adjournment of the two branches; and
the President of the United States called us
together again for the purpose of enabling the
majority, m the usual, regulai, parham. ntary
forms, to cany this bill m despite of a laetious
opposition of a minority.
That being, Mr. President, the position of the
: two Houses' on this subject, when we meet to-
gether again we have but this one subject before
us, to wit: the subject of appropriation. Does
the Senator from Delaware assume the position
here to-day that the House of Representatives is
right m endeavoring to force upon an appropria-
tion bill a legislative provision in contradiction to
the well-known, settled opinion of the majority
of the Senate? No, sir; he shakes his head. 1
know him too well to believe that that is his
meaning. If that be not his meaning, and if we
were called together by the President of tho
United States for the sole purpose of passing this
bill, and if both branches of Congress have al-
ready come to the conclusion that they cannot
agree in relation to legislation about the difficul-
ties in Kansas, if they have agreed already to
adjourn without coming to any legislation on that
subject because they are so irreconcilably divided
that they cannot agree upon anything, why does
the Senator from Delaware tell us to-day, in the
face of the country, that the Senate is not with-
out responsibility for the failure of this bill?
Why so, sir? He agrees with me, for his voice
was raised with mine here but two short years
ago when we pressed upon the Senate, and pressed
with success, the assertion of that principle which
the Senator fioni Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
has this morning quoted to us, that it was uncon-
stitutional, revolutionary, and factious, for one
branch of the Congress of this country to en-
deavor to force upon the other, through an appro-
priation bill, a provision which was not connected
with that bill, but which included subjects of
legislation upon which both Houses were irrec-
oncilably divided.
Sir, has that constitutional principle changed
within these two years? Shall the Senate of the
United States say to-day—shall it oversay (never,
sir, I believe upon the face of the earth) that,
whenever it shall please a dominant majority in
the House of Representatives to endeavor to force
upon us a measure of legislation, of which we
disapprove, and they will put it upon an appro-
priation bill, and say to us, "Now take your
choice; pass this measure of legislation of which
you disapprove, or we will s.top the supplies and
break up the Government;** the Senate is to yield
the just exercise of its constitutional function as
a body of a joint Legislature, and submit itself,
bound hand'and foot', to the temporary majority
of the hour J No. sir; the Senator from Del-
aware does not mean that either.
The Senator from Massachusetts tells us that
he would be glad to go to the people on this issue
—to that people from which there is no appeal.
I tell him that ancient story gives us the history
of cases where there was an appeal even from
this supreme power; and where gross injustice
and infraction of law had been committed; the
wretch, trembling at the feet of the despot, still
had the strength and courage to say to him, " I
appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober;" just
as we are ready to appeal from an enraged and
infuriated set of fanatics to the sober sense and
calm judgment of the American people, when
the sway of reason shall have returned and the
era of passion shall have passed away.
Mr. President, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, in support of this extraordinary position
of the House of Representatives, reads to us a
passage winch he says emanates from the father
of the* Constitution. I sent for the Federalist. I
knew that James Madison never heralded 'such
doctrine as he held forth to us to-day. 1 knew
it to be impossible, because it was in contradiction
to the express behests of the Constitution of my
country. I knew that, by the theory of the Con-
stitution, this was an equal legislative body; and
that under no conceivable circumstances in the
exercise of a constitutional right, was this body
bound to yield the exercise of its free and un-
trammeled judgment to the behests of the other
bodv- Now, when I take up the Federalist,
what do I find ? I find that James Madison lays
down tlus very remedy of the House as the ex-
treme revolutionary remedy, so to speak, in case
the Senate of the United States shall refuse to
concur in a law providing for a proper appoytion-
mcnt of representation, and thereby striking at
| the existence of the other House. In answer to
j objections made, that the House of Representa-
' tives, under our Constitution, would be at the
i mercy of the Senate in this respect; that the
• House would never be able to enlarge its num-
