676
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 19,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Kansas Question—Mr. Edwards.
Ho. op Reps.
of the American people the sentiment of that brave
old chief, " The Federal Union, it must be pre-
served !" rather than the elevation of that party
which is now under the lead of such men as Wlse
and Cushing, whose records show them to have
been the bitter revilers of Andrew Jackson?
Gentlemen may endeavor in vain to disparage
the claims, the popularity, the strength, of this
ticket. The name of Millard Fillmore is cher-
ished by the American people; he holds a large
place in their affections and in their confidence.
You may decry that name, and depress that posi-
tion; but it will continue to grow in the popular
heart—to rise on the popular vision, till it shall
stand in its majestic proportions another Ararat,
on which shall rest the ark of liberty, whilst on
either side of its noble base may dash in madness
and in fury the waves of sectionalism, but to
return broken and discomfited from the shock.
the kansas question.
speech of hon. f. s-. edwabds,
of new tor#
In the House of Representatives,
June 19,1856,
On the power of Congress to legislate over the
Territories.
Mr. EDWARDS said:
Mr. Speaker: Had I no other duties to per-
form but those prompted by my own feelings, 1
should have been content with the several votes
which I have given upon such public measures as
have thus far demanded the attention of Congress
and the country. It is due, however, to an intelli-
gent constituency, who have giveiv me a position
on this floor, that I place upon the records of this
House their views upon the conduct of this Ad-
ministration, as connected with the state of affairs
in -Kansas.
Domestic slavery, as known in the United
States, is at the present day very generally
regarded by the intelligent citizens of the free
States as a national reproach, demanding of Con-
gress all constitutional action in favor of its ab-
rogation. In this respect there is but little dif-
ference of opinion among parties. Honest men
in all parties have at different periods expressed
the desire that the reproach, which now attaches
to us as a people, might be removed. The obsta-
cles which have surrounded parties, and the
divisions which have taken place upon this ques-
tion, have not been so much in regard to the
abstract evils of slavery, as to determine how
far we might, under the Constitution, proceed,
and what measures might safely be adopted, to
accomplish the purpose. It is true that parties,
respectable for their intelligence and morality
only, have at times existed in the North, who
sought to attain their purpose by inflaming the
passions and prejudices of the people upon the
/ abstract-evils of slavery, without producing any
practical measure which should commend itself
to the intelligence of the masses as sufficient to
accomplish the end they had in view. So far as
their exertions were confined to the discussion of
the moral and religious evils of servitude, they
were meritorious, and, as such, deserve the re-
spect and esteem of all true philanthropists.
When, however, they sought to make an assault
upon the Constitution, and the rights of the States,
they were left alone to fight their visionary battles
of freedom.
The North, with a unanimity of sentiment
■ worthy of their intelligence, have been content
to leave slavery, with all its untold evils and its
blessings, (if there are any such,) where the
Constitution and the compacts of the Govern-
ment have left it. It is a mistake when gentlemen
assert that, because a few men promulgate senti-
ments of hostility and disloyalty to the Union
to suppose that they are adopted by any consid-
erable portion of the free States. While they op-
pose the further extension of slavery into territory
now free, they intend in all their action to confine
themselves strictly to constitutional measures.
I am aware that the theory has sometimes been
advanced that, if slavery was an acknowledged
sin against Divine authority, it was our imperative
duty to abolish it, and leave the consequences
with God. We cannot, however, subscribe to
the truth of this theory when we perceive by its
adoption, as in this instance, the creation of a
freater evil than the one sought to be removed,
n a country like ours, where civil law and human
institutions are supreme as a rule of human con-
duct, there necessarily will exist many local and
domesticinstitutions which the moral andreligious
intelligence of the people disapprove. Even the
laws which have a'place in our statutes, and which,
as well-disposed citizens, we cheerfully obey, are
in all cases the offspring of an imperfect intelli-
gence. To destroy, therefore, a human govern-
ment, which in all else save the toleration of
slavery, commands the wonder and admiration
of the world, simply on the assumed ground of i
imperfection in some of its parts, would be an
act of supreme folly, unbecoming the character
of an intelligent people. |
There are other, and to our mind, insuperable :
difficulties in the way of the immediate abolition
of slavery in the States. Before this can be
accomplished, the Constitution must be changed.
Even then could we effect our purpose ? Could
we, by the most radical of all changes, so amend
the Constitution as to abolish slavery in the
States? In our opinion the Constitution has
nothing to do with the subject of slavery, except
to tolerate its existence in the States where it
existed when the Constitution was formed, and
to make provision for recapture. Slavery in the
States was authorized and existed long before the
Constitution, and while we were the colonies of
Great Britain. They were held by virtue of State
or colonial regulation, and when they came into
the Union and accepted of the Constitution, it was
with the express understanding that their domes-
tic institutions should remain untouched. Slavery
is not, as some people suppose, anywhere author-
ized by the Constitution; on the contrary, with
the exception of the power conferred upon Con-
gress to pass laws in regard to the right of recap-
ture, it is an instrument in favor of human free-
dom.
When, however, the fathers of the Constitu-
tion met, for the purpose of deliberating together
on the wisest measures to secure to themselves
and their children the inestimable privileges
which had been so dearly won,in combating the
evils tlTen existing, and those likely to flow from
the perpetuity of slavery, they found its foot-
print in all the States but one; and although men
then, as now, reprobated the system as unjust
and impolitic, yet it was left to the wisdem of
the States to devise the remedy. ' The important
question, and the one which gave rise to the most
exciting debate in that body, was in regard to
the limitation of the right to import slaves. The
North then were the most commercial of all the
States, and, like every people in pursuit of gain,
were exceedingly solicitous for the longest pos-
sible period, urging, among other reasons, pov-
erty and bankruptcy if this article of commerce
was made criminal. The South, to their justice
be it said, then urged the immediate abolition of
the slave trade, and, in the language of a Virginia
delegate, " Is it not our duty to embrace the first
moment of constitutional health and vigor to
effect so desirable an object, and to remove from
us a stigma with which our enemies will never
fail to upbraid us, nor our consciences to reproach
us?" The reasons presented by the North pre-
vailed; and, although the period was restricted to
the year 1808, we should not in our warfare for-
get that very many of those who have lived a life
of servitude were indebted to our fathers for their
captivity and slavery.
The view which we have taken of the consti-
tutional power of the States over the institution
of slavery is fully sustained by the Supreme Court
of the United States: " How to remove the ca-
lamities of slavery from amongtps is left to the
wisdom of the State governments," was the ex-
pression of one of the ablest men who ever
adorned the bench. We do not wish to be un-
derstood in the remarks which we have made
upon the constitutional powers of the Federal
Government, as denying the power of Congress
under the Constitution to have prohibited slavery
in the new States which have been created since
the adoption of the Constitution. In our opin-
ion the power is complete. The Constitution
only guarantied or tolerated slavery in the States
then existing, which came in under and accepted
of its provisions. If Congress had exerted its
well-defined powers on the application of the sev-
eral States which have been added to the Union
since the adoption of the Constitution, by pro-
hibiting slavery therein, that institution would
have been so circumscribed as to have created no
alarm for the future. There are still other ob-
jections which flow from the theory, that the con-
sequences of political action will take care of
themselves. Our duties as legislators only de-
mand that we should legislate for the correction
of such imperfections of human government as
are within-the compass of human wisdom. It
would be impossible that imperfections of judg-
ment should ever produce a perfect rule of human
: conduct. We must legislate for man in his pres-
ent imperfections, and not for him as he should
be under Divine regulation. The non-resistant
theory would not protect us from the cupidity and
i selfishness of man, or secure us from foreign ag-
gression, or prevent domestic dissensions. Per-
sonal security is what we need—security from
European entanglements and alliances, and from
intestine divisions at home. The power and the
glory which areburdue as a nation—our ability to
command the respect and attention of the nations
of the earth—our desire to see perpetuated the
blessings of civil and religious liberty, all concur
in demanding that the experiment of dissolving
the Union should not for the present, at least, be
made. •
What should we gain for freedom by a disso-
lution of the Union ? If we are correct, that the
States alone can abolish the evils of slavery, then
it follows as a consequence that we have but
added to the dark night of despair by separating
ourselves from a connection which enabled us to
limit its further progress. We might, we admit,
along the border which separates the free from
the slave States, provide the means for a ready
escape. But does not every intelligent citizen at
once see the effect of such a system ? Constant
strife and bloodshed are ever the fruits of an
angry and excited people. Will it not also fol-
low that, as we provide the means and opportu-
nities for escape, the slave States will increase
the severity of their present system by the adop-
tion of harsh and severe penalties ? In any lignt
in which we are enabled to view this subject,
nothing but folly and madness can attend a dis-
solution of the States. We are unable to believe
that at this time there are any considerable num-
bers of men, either North or South, who sincerely
desire a disruption of the ties which now link
| us together, or who honestly believe that such a
state would be productive of any other purpose
1 than that of evil.
The formation of parties for the purpose of
producing concert of action, although approved
by the common consent of all, should always be
regarded with watchfulness, if not with distrust.
The tendency of our institutions is to work in
the human heart an insatiate desire for place and
power, and, when once corrupted, it seeks to
gratify itself by turning to personal account the
honest hopes and aspirations of an intelligent and
confiding people. Hence the necessity of devoting
a portion of our time in the private assemblies
and walks of life, to a careful scrutiny of the mo-
tives of men who seek to lead the masses. While
the many are honest and faithful, the few may be
selfish and corrupt, and unwillingly we are made
the instruments Dy which corruption is enabled
to revel undisturbed. Parties should be regarded
only as the means by which we the more effect-
ually impress individuality of opinfbn upon our
institutions and our laws. Other than this they
have no merits. In order to be just to all, the
minority as well as the majority, we should be
practical in all our measures of public policy.
We should have a well-defined purpose, and a
plain way for its accomplishment, clearly within
constitutional limits. All doubtful constructions
of the Constitution should be left to the courts.
In this way only can we inspire confidence, or
even deserve it.
To the absence of this system, and in utter dis-
regard of the feelings and judgment of the people,
are we indebted for our present troubles and anx-
ieties in regard to the future. The free States
