em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
satisfied that it will pass in the general appropria-
tion bill; but I wish to bring to the notice of the Sen-
ate the fact, that we have heretofore appropriated
$5,000 for a marine hospital at St. Mark's, and
that the whole country at large, all the commer-
cial interests of the country, are directtyinterested
in the establishment of a marine hospital at thp.t
point. St. Mark's is a very large shipping port,
and is without any facilities for attention to sick
and disabled seamen. During the last epidemic
there* when the yellow fever prevailed, sick and
disabled seamen absolutely died in considerable
numbers for the want of the usual accommoda-
tions. In all cases of epidemic, the inhabitants
themselves leave the place-, and there being no
one left to provide for them, the seamen necessa-
rily suffer on board the vessels where they are
confined. Attention to the sick and disabled sea-
men of our commercial States has fallen somewhat
expensively upon the inhabitants of St. Mark's,
without at the same time affording to the seamen
that attention which they ought to receive.
This appropriation, I have no doubt, would be
passed some months hence without difficulty; but
the sickly season is coming on, and the Secretary
,of the Treasury 'ought to be provided with some
means of taking care of our seamen at this point.
I hope that, if other appropriations shall not be
passed, at least this deficiency—for it is a defi-
ciency—will not be rejected. The lowest bid
which the Department has had for a marine hos-
pital at that place has been $15,000. Only $5,000
nave been appropriated to complete it. They
have the land on which to erect it; and they are
only waiting for the money in order to commence
operations. There is a great public ncccssity for
it; and I hope this appropriation will bo adopted.
Mr. WELLER. I ask for a division of the
amendment. I may be disposed to vote for a
part of what it provides for.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the vote will be
taken singly.
The PRESIDENT. They will be considered
as separate amendments.
The Secretary read the first of Mr. Hamlix's
amendments, as follows:
To complete the custom-house at Pensacola, Florida,
$5,000.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that the amendments of-
fered by the Senator from Maine will be rejected.
Everybody who has paid an^ attention to this
matter knows that the insertion of a provision for
< the marine hospitals caused the defeat of this
very deficiency bill m the House of Representa-
tives. With that warning before us, I think their
insertion by the Senate would be very improper,
for there are many deficiencies for which tins bill
provides that arc required for immediate service.
Jjcsides, these amendments provide for only two
or three marine hospitals, t admit good reasons
are given for making appropriations for them,
but 1 think the committee ou^ht not to select two
or three places for marine hospitals and leave out
all the rest. It looks too much like favoritism.
1 shall vote against the proposed amendments,
and I trust the Senate will not insert them, bc-
cause I think this bill is an mappropuato place;
and then, if we have appropriations for such ob-
jects as these, let them not be for one or two or
three particular objects, but let us take up the
whole subject, and make the appropriations wher-
ever they arc necessary.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the next amendment of the Senator from Maine,
to insert:
For completing the marine hospital at St. Marks Flou-
da, .$>12,000, in addition to the sum already appropriated.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes "20.
The remaining amendment of Mr. IIamlin
was rejected; it is as follows:
For the completion of the matine hospital at Galena,
Illinois, ,$*2.),000, together with ten per cent, to cover the
compensation to aiclntect4*, feupeimtendent'S, adveuising,
arid other contingent expense-:, and so much a«s may be
necessary to purchase a suitable Mfe for the building, to be
paid out of any money in the Tieasury not othci\vi>c ap-
propuated.
Mr. BROWN. I offer an amendment to come
in after the provision for continuing the work on
the Washington aqueduct:
For rebuilding the Franklin engine-house, including the
purchase of a suitable lot therefor, under the direction of
tna Commissioner of Public Buildings, $3,000.
In regard to this amendment I will offer a word
or two of explanation. Last year Congress ap-
propriated $6,000 to improve one of the triangu-
lar spaces on Pennsylvania avenue. The law is
so worded that it does not provide for the re-
moval and rebuilding of a house belonging to the
Government which is already on that space.
The Secretary of the Interior hardly felt at lib-
erty to tear down the house and leave the Gov-
ernment property which is protected by it unshel-
tered. The work has been suspended from that
time until now awaiting the action of Congress.
The appropriation was simply for the inclosure
and improvement of the space. The first thing to
be done was to tear down the house which belongs
tta the Government, and which protects the Gov-
ernment engine—an engine absolutely essential,
or which may become so, for the protection of the
Treasury buildings. It was put there for that
purpose. If you tear away the house, and pro-
vide no place for the protection of the engine and
apparatus, they must necessarily go to ruin.
If the Senate shall think proper to reject the
amendment in this form, simply because of the
disposition of the Senator from Virginia not to
have this bill crowded, I shall ask that the $6,000
already appropriated be devoted to this object
instead of irnprovingthe ground, for the result of
your appropriation, as it now stands, will be to
tear down your house, and let your property go
to ruin; it will be commencing wrong end fore-
most. I wish to have this appropriation made
now, so that the work may be commenced. I
have the Secretary of the Interior's estimate for
it, as well as the lecommendation of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and everything
else which is necessary.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we are
making very liberal appropriations for the Dis-
trict without this amendment, and I hope the bill
will not be embarrassed by it. We are required
this year to make laige appropriations for many
objects—for fortifications, and for various other
purposes. I think that what we already propose
to do in this bill is enough at present for the Dis-
trict. We are providing for the continuation of
the water-works, and we ought not to embarrass
our bill with this provision, which is not to ac-
complish any necessary object. I hope the Sen-
ator will not press it.
Mr. BROWN. The District of Columbia has
much less interest in this matter than the Senator's
own constituents. The District of Columbia has
no interest m it at nil, nor has any resident of this
city, ft is strictly a Government work. As 1
stated in the beginning, the house belongs to the
Government; the ground on which it stands be-
longs to the Government; the building shelters
Government property. The truth is, that the
Government built the engine-houses here, and
bought the engines which are in them for the pro-
tection ofGovernmcntproperty. This one stands
in the neighborhood of the Treasury building,
and was put there for the special design of pro-
tecting that building. A company of young gen-
tlemen in Washington have charge of this prop-
erty; but the piopeity itself belongs to the Gov-
ernment. You have ordered the triangular space
on which it stands, nearly opposite YV illard's hotel,
to be improved, and if you tear down the house,
you will have your engine and apparatus standing
out of doors. The Secretary of the Interior has
not applied the §6,000 appropriated last year,
because he did not feel authorized to reconstruct
the house. The law being so worded, in Ins opin-
ion, as not to authorize him to do that, he has
suspended the work; nothing has been done. If
he should tear down the house, the engine and
apparatus would be left out of doors.
Mr. HUNTER. The effect of refusing this
appropriation will be only to postpone the im-
provement of the square for a year. 1 think we
had better do that.
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand it, this ap-
propriation is not among the estimates which
came to us from the Secretary of the Treasury
at the commencement of the session. An appro-
priation was made last year for the improvement
of the grounds south of the President's house,
the amount being, I believe, $6,000. The Frank-
lin Fire Company, which has occupied the engine-
house purchased for the protection of the Presi-
dent's house, claimed that they were entitled to
a portion of this money in order to erect another
house. The Secretary of the Interior, under the
circumstances, has made no recommendation, as
far as I know, and I suppose the matter would
go before the Committee on Public Buildings if
he had intended to make such a recommendation.
The Secretary declined to expend the appropri-
ation made last year until an opportunity should
be offered to apply to Congress to see if they
would make a grant of this character. That is
the mode in which it comes before us. I do not
think this appropriation proper for a deficiency
bill, and therefore I shall vote against it.
Mr. BROWN. The Secretary of the Interior
has simply suspended the worlt. * The Senator
from Virginia talks of postponing the improve-
ment for a year. Let mc tell him that the Sec-
retary of the Interior will not feel authorized to
postpone it another season. He has already
stretchcd his power; but he did it for the safety
of the public property. If you refuse to make
this appropriation, he will hardly feel authorized
to allow another season to go by without making
the improvement.
Mr. HUNTER. It can be postponed till the
general appropriation bill is passed.
Mr. BROWN. That will be in the fall.
Mr. PRATT. If this appropriation should not
go into the bill, I cannot conceive what should
be inserted in it. As I understand the case, there
is a small public square on which there is an
engine-house, in which an engine belonging to the
United States is placed for safety. An appro-
priation was made last year authorizing the uso
of this square for other purposes, which involved
the necessity of taking down that house. Now,
the Secretary of the Interior has postponed car-
rying out the objects of the appropriations of last
year, bccausc he has no other placc in which to
put the engine of the United States after that
house shall be taken down, ft seems to me that
this is a case requiring peremptorily that an ap-
propriation should go into the present bill, if any-
thing should. If that house be taken down, where
will you put your engine ? Will you suffer it to
remain in the streets? It seems to mc this is a
proper case for placing an appropriation in this
bill.
Mr. BROWN. I have a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, showing his views on the
subject, which I will have read, if anybody desires
it.
Several Senators. Let the letter be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of the Interior, March 17, 1856.
Sir: J have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the loth instant, inclosing a peti-
tion picscnted to your committee by and 111 behalf ot the
Fiankhn Engine Company, asking that airan ements be
made lor the accommodation of the engine and apparatus
ol'that company before the hou^e m which the same aro
now kept is taken down in pursuance of the act of 3d of
March biht, and, in reply, to say that, m the view of tins
Department, the application is one which should be le-
ceived with favor. The engine mil listed to the care of that
company belongs, as 1 am advised, to the Government,
having been piuchased foi theptotci tion ot the public, budd-
situated in the immediate vicinity of the house m winch
it h kept. Those building, with the exception ol that oc-
cupied by the Treasury Depaitmcnt, not being hie-pioof,
an- eoiMtuitly in dangei ofbeing deployed, and the necea-
m ot' having a well-oigamzed lirc-companv within a con-
venient distance is vcij urgent, rt is well known that the
member* of the company now organized iceeive no com-
pensation fni their «ervic^s It is a vohmtaiy association,
and as such it is undeistood to be willing to lender .such
seivice as may be requited of it, asking only suitable ac-
commodation? lbi the safe keeping of the apparatus m tneir
custody. These should be furnished, and I thetefoie je-
spectfully leeommend that the following appiopnauon be
made for that pu>po-e :
For lebuddinu the Franklin engine-hon=e, including the
puicha^e of a suitable lot therctor, under the direction of
the Commissioners of the Public Buildings £5,000.
The pApeis- i < lo.scd m your lettei aic heievnth letumed
[ have the honor to he, veiy lcspeetfullv, voui obedient
servant, R. MeCLF;LLAND, Secretary.
Hon. A. G. Brown*, Ch<drman Committee on the District
of (Joluvdnai Senate Umltd States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I am directed by the Committee
ou Agriculture, m accordance with a recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner of Patents, to propose
the following amendment:
Foi the collection of ngucultural statistics, investigations
for piomoting agncultmal and lural economy, and the pro-
curement and "distribution of cuttings and seeds, to be
expended under the ditecuoii of the Commissioner of
Patent*!, $20,000.
I ask for the reading of the Commissioner's
lotter, explaining the object of the appropria-
tion.
