mm.
THEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1418
In twenty-five years from this time our present
population will be doubled without the aid of
foreign immigration. Double our present popula-
tion, properly dispersed over our territory, and
you have the whole as densely settled as is con-
sistent with the independence, prosperity, and
happiness of the people. I do-not desire to see our
country as densely settled as some of the European
Governments; it would not promote individual
prosperity, or the general good; on the contrary,
■whoever may witness it will see the same pauper-
ism, crime, degradation, andhumanmisery, which
abound in the OH World. That I niaynot stand
alone on that subject, I will read a short extract
from a speech of Mr. Clay:
" What,-he asked, had they seen ? A proposition made
by an honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick,]
to limit the preemptions to citizens of the United States,
native and naturalized, was rejected; and could any-
body say, after that naked vote of the Senate, that it had
not become the permanent policy of the country to go on
inviting all the hordes of Europe to come over and partake
of this bounty derived from our ancestors, and which we
should preserve for our posterity?"
But I have been told to let the foreigners come
and settle our western wilderness, and, when
we need more for our children or grandchildren,
we will take it from Mexico. 1 think we are
■under more obligations even to the Indians, whom
■we found here, than we are to the foreigners,
rnany of them the descendants of the Hessians
who fought against us iri the revolutionary war—
at all events the objectionable class to which I
have heretofore alluded. I trust, however, that
this Government will not form a deliberate plan
to supply its wants by robbery and murder;
which wants are to be brought about by a mis-
taken liberality to aliens. I agree with Mr. Craw-
ford, when he said:
f" ft will redound more to the national honor to incorpo-
rate, by a humane and benevolent policy, the natives of our
forests in the great American family of freedom, than to re-
ceive with open arms the fugitives of the Old World,
Whether their flight has been the effect of their crimes or
their virtues."
I know it is said that the States have the right
to control the votes, &c., and, therefore, to extend
the time would have no effect. I am not going
into an argument against the rights of the States.
I know they have the only right to determine the
qualification of voters in every respect; yet I
(submit that they should confine the elective fran-
chise to citizens of the United States, f have not
heard Mr. Calhoun's argument successfully an-
swered, though I have often heard it attempted.
Is there no limit? I am told there is none. Then
"Wisconsin may authorize the residents of Can-
ada, who may happen to be in its counties on the
day of election, to vote for their members of the
Legislature, and thereby make the subjects of
Great Britain eligible to vote in our presidential
elections. If States may authorize inhabitants,
not citizcns of the United States, to vote in their
elections, they may establish one day's residence
as sufficient; and the party that will import the
greatest number of paupers and European serfs
into the States will carry the presidential election.
If the States possess this power it has been exer-
cised but by few, and it is to be hoped that they
will soon reform it. If they do not they will be
the greater sufferers. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] said:
" For my own part, I cannot conceive any reason why
this privilege, which peculiarly belongs to citizenship,
should be extended to those who are not citizens- It is a
part of political sovereignty; it seems to me to be the essen-
tial duty of a citizen, but of no one else, to exercise that
-power. It is at war with the principles of all Government.
It seems to me to confer upon those who are not citizens
the power to control the Government, through the right of
suffrage. That right belongs only to those who are mem-
bers of the body-politic; and no foreigner can be so until he
has, by naturalization, entered into the compact which con-
etitutes him one of the political community."
I have shown, Mr. President, the importance
of this measure to the North. I have been told,
however, that tl\e South had, comparatively, no
interestin this question, while the North isinjured
in every point of view. The South has an interest
equal to her existence more important and vital,
if possible, than the North. It is of a different
character, I admit, but not the less potent. By the
census of 1850, there were residing in the slave-
holding States, born in the non-slaveholding
States, four hundred and ninety-four thousand
three hundred and thirty-eight persons more than
there were of persons residing in the non-slave-
holding, born in the elaveholding States. The
number of members in the representative branch
of Congress in 1800 was equal. By the apportion-
ment of 1850, the non-slaveholding States were
entitled to one hundred and forty-four; sla-vehold-
ing States to ninety—present majority fifty-four.
The North gained in the last ten years, from 1840
to 1850, seven members, which gain may be ex-
plained, not from natural causes,but from foreign
immigration. By the census of 1850, we find that
the present House of Representatives has twenty-
four members representing the foreign popula-
tion—twenty from the North, and four from the
South. Eighteen of that number arrived m the
United States between 1840 and 1850—fifteen
North, and three South; a gain to the North,
within that ten years, of twelve. It will be seen
that but for the immigration, the South would
have gained five members upon the North, and
we would have been gaining our lost political
strength, in the place of the North gaining upon
us. But, sir, in the last five years, the immigra-
tion has been greater than for any previous period;
amounting to one million seven hundred and
twenty-one thousand six hundred and twenty-
eight, or an average of three hundred and forty-
four thousand five hundred and thirty-two per
annum.
If immigration should be the same for the next
five years, by the next apportionment the North
will gain upon the South twenty-four additional
members from immigration alone; and fifteen years
from this day, which I hope many Senators here
will live to see, the North will have a majority of
more than two to one m the other branch of Con-
gress; and the prospect now is, that it will have a
similar majority in this body. With the sentiment
of hostility at the North against the institutions
of the South, and the patriarchal relation of mas-
ter and servant existing there, with the sensi-
tiveness of that portion of the Union in relation
to their peculiar rights, I ask if any friend of the
Union, North or South, would desire to see that
state of things? What would be the consequence,
Mr. President? Does any one doubt, if such
political power existed, that the North would not
at once change the Constitution so as to abolish
the three-fifths representation for our blacks in
the House ? I have not a doubt of it. I know
there are honorable Senators on this floor who
would not vote for such a measure; but, if the
North possessed that power, they would soon
have to give place to those who would do it. I
make no threats, for the reason that I think it
unbecoming in any Senator to do so, and then I
should alarm no one if I did. 1 may be permitted,
however, claiming to be a conservative man, to
express my opinion, founded upon a knowledge
of the people of the South, and that opinion is,
whenever you consummate, by passing into a
law, any one of the aggressive measures now in
contemplation by a portion of the northern peo-
ple, namely: the refusal to receive a State into the
Union for no other cause than that she tolerates
slavery; abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; interdict the slave trade between the States;
repeal the fugitive slave act, without adopting
such a substitute as would be a fulfillment of the
requirements of the Constitution; or change the
Constitution without the consent of the South, so
as to destroy the rights of the South which we
now have under it—that day will witness a disso-
lution of the Union. It will be the darkest day
since the vail of the temple was rent, and the sun
refused to shine.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] has said that the Union is in no danger;
that the South, or thoss who talk of disunion,
could not be kicked out of the Union. I will not
retort; I bandy epithets with no one. But, sir,
that Senator is mistaken. As much as the peo-
ple of the South love and cherish the Union, they
want no unwilling political alliance. It you
could convince the people of the South that a
majority of the northern people felt contaminated
by a political association with them, or desired to
deprive them of their constitutional rights, they
would not hesitate for one moment. You tell
us that it would be disastrous to the South; we
will do nothing to bring upon our common coun-
try this great evil; but if forced upon us by any of
the modes I have alluded to, we say, " Let conse-
quences take care of themselves. We have a com-
mon interest, North and South, in the hallowed
achievements and resplendent glory of the past
as well as the hopes of the future, yet.ifihey were
even much greater than they are, before.su-bmit-
ting to humiliation and disgrace, we would
cast them to the winds forever." Is the Senator
right in the supposition that there is no danger'?
Already we have five States in the Union, hay-
ing their representatives in Congress, that hw
nullified-a constitutional act of the Federal Gov-
ernment, now living in open defiance of you,)"
laws. That law which was intended to be general
is in force by the statute of Illinois, Indiana,
New Jersey, and other States; while in Connec-
ticut, Massachusetts, Vermont, Wisconsin, and
Michgan, it is nullified by the Legislature of these
States, and rendered inoperative. Almost an
open war exists in Kansas; the arm ofthe Gen-
eral Government has been called into requisition
to enforce the laws; political organizations are
formed of a sectional character, for the e-xpress
purpose, as we believe, of humbling the South, of
trampling upon their constitutional rights-, an|l
destroying their property. Can the South submit
to these aggressions—to the humiliation intended
for her? I answer no. So long as there is one
manly spark of resentment, one emotion of patri-
otism , never! never! We know that it would be
injurious to the South, but it would be equally
so to the North. The injury north and south,
and to the world, no living man can anticipate.
Once sever this Union, consecrated to Liberty
by the ferventeffectual prayer of the Father of hja
Country, and it will not stop at that. The North,
East, and West, would -shortly be divided -by tie
Alleghany mountains. Division after division
will take place, until anarchy will overwhelm the
land like the South American Republics. Th«
prospect is too gloomy. I will not pursue it. And
yet I think I have shown that, unless we can do
something to check foreign immigration, these
results are inevitable. Yet we are told that the
country is in no danger from these foreigners, for
the reason that they vote the Democratic ticket.
Mr. Randolph said, a party may gam temporary
advantages by permitting agreat many foreigner
to vote. How true and prophetic was that lan-
guage ? The Democratic party, in the late Stat/i
elections South, have received the foreign vote,in
consequence of that party advocating and main-
taining what they considered their rights, in oppo-
sition to what they considered aggressions by the
other party. For the same reasons they may
receive the same vote north and south in the
coming presidential election. But crush out the
American party, as it is said will be the case in
this election, and let the contest be, as it is said
it will be in the future, between the Republicans
and the Democrats—for which party will the for-
eigners of the North vote? The Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] Mr. Giddings, and
Mr. Greely, can tell you. The whole education of
the foreigners, and their prejudices when they
come to this country, are against the institution
of slavery; everything they hear at the North
but confirms that prejudice,and establishes them
in their opposition to the South; and in such a
contest as I have supposed, I have no doubt nine
tenths would vote the Republican ticket. Thus,
you see, that for a temporary advantage you are
fostering a power destined to destroy the country.
If I am not deceived, I have shown, by the rules
1 laid down at the commencement of my remarks,
that it is necessary to amend the naturalization
laws as is proposed by this bill. I have estab-
lished, by incontrovertible testimony, that our
unrestricted admission of foreigners endangers
the public peace—is injurious to the morals of
our people—unjust and oppressive to the north-
ern States in depressing the value of labor, and
onerous in the imposition of taxes for the support
of foreigners to whom they are under no obliga-
tions. The elective franchise is brought into dis-
repute by conferring it upon those who cannot ap-
preciate, many of whom do not desire it, and who
sell it for a price, thereby corrupting the ballot-box
—the source of power. The system is unjust to
ourselves, our children, and our posterity, and,
if persisted in, will ere long inevitably dissolve
the Union of these States—will change our pros-
perity into adversity, our political purity and per-
sonal safety into impurity, corruption, anarchy,
disaster, and degradation; the blessings of the
unbounded liberty we have enjoyed, thg glories
of the past and prelentlwU be obscured by the
gloom, ay, total darkness, of the future.
