1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
us to disarm the people of Kansas; and when,
finally, the voice of reason could be heard for an
instant—when those of that body who were acting
wiili the majority of this body read to these men
the Constitution of their country, and appealed
to them if they were ready to violate tne pro-
visions which they had sworn to support, they
gave it up, and replaced it by what? By this
other proviso, equally violative of the spirit,
though it hypocritically purports to respect the
words and letter of the Constitution. " A well-
regulated militia being essential to the security
of a free State"—what does the House of Rep-
resentatives do? Rccedes from its purpose of
disarming this people, hut makes them an excep-
tion to the general law of the land, and directs
the Executive to go there and take back the arms
which have been distributed as well to them as
to every other portion of the people of the United
States. They alone are to be deprived of the
arms which the common Treasury furnishes to
the whole country. They are to be made the
exception. In every other part of the country,
this well-regulated militia, being declared by our
fathers to be a necessary security for a free State,
Congress has distributed arms among the militia
of the country; and the proposition which the
House now makes to the Senate is, to take back
from these pioneers, these frontier men, men
without means and without fortune, habituated
to earn their bread by the sweat of their brow,
to extract it from the earth by tilling the soil—
to take back from them those arms with which
all other portions of the people are provided, and
make them the solitary, ignominious exception.
The Senate refuses that; and yet my honorable
friend from Delaware says the Senate of the
United States is not free from blame, when it
says it will pass no such law.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Michigan
called the attention of gentlemen on the other
side of the House to that other branch of the pro-
viso, which left it in the power of the President
of the United States to-sweep the national high-
ways of every State in this Union with armed
bands.
Mr. CLAYTON. I only wish to say to the
Senator that he misstates my position; but I think
it better not to interrupt him, and I shall wait
until he has concluded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This proviso further vests
power in the President of the United St*es to
sweep, not only the soil of that unfortunate? Ter-
ritory, but every national highway in the United
States, with armed bands of men, at his discre-
tion and control—full power for such purpose as
he may choose to term " protection of the people
from unlawful seizures and searches." Air.
President, if it should be perchance said, by any
one of us sitting here in deliberation this day,
that, upon the adjournment of Congress, it was
our intention to go to Kansas and examine with
our own eyes the state of public affairs there,
with a view to enlighten our judgment m votes
hereafter to be given; and if we should say that,
in the exercise of our rights as American fieemen,
we mean to bear arms, the musket on the shoul-
der, or the rifle slung across our back, a revolver,
if you please, by the side, or the saber of the
dragoon, if the Senator from Massachusetts pre-
fers that weapon; and if, thus armed, m the light
of day, it was our purpose to go to thatTerritory
to examine for ouiselves the condition of things
there, the President of the United States has only
to say, under this proviso, that in his opinion the
member of the Senate thus departing on his way
to Kansas, intends to be engaged in some un-
lawful seizure or search of pereon, to arrest our
steps, to declare that we are on a national high-
way which is leading to Kansas — to do what
with us ? What is he to do with us when he has
arrested us? What is the provision of this pro-
viso ? Are we to be brought before any court of
justice ? Not so. The sword of the nation is in
the hand of the Executive, to smite as he pleases.
The habeas corpus act, everything that is a safe-
guard for the liberties ot men in this country, is
swept away hero. The President of the United
Sravs, in his discretion, is to use the Army.
AJihtary law is proclaimed; the law martial is
proclaimed, not only upon the soil of Kansas,
but upon every highway of the land. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts tells us that the Missouri
river is a highway. Everybody knows that; but
it is' not confined to the Missouri river; it extends
to all highways in the United States that lead to
Kansas—it is upon every highway in the coun-
try that martial law is to be proclaimed.
Well, sir, suppose that the President does pro-
ceed in the exercise of those extraordinary pow-
ers which it is the pleasure of a majority of the
House to desire us to aid them in conferring
upon him, what is he to do with the people thus
seized r Once again: is he to try them anywhere ?
Is he to try them by this same martial law ? Are
the citizens of this country to be brought up to
drum-head courts-martial, or are they to be
brought before the civil tribunals; and if the
civil tribunals, what tribunals? Suppose a mur-
der is committed to-morrow in Kansas; the man
is brought before the judicial tribunal there;
what is to be done with him? The House of
Representatives tells us in effect, loosen his
bonds: although he may be taken in the act—al-
though his hands may be red with the gore of
his victim, loosen his bonds; let no exercise of
Federal authority come in there in support of the
enactments of that Legislature—of any of them,
whatever they may be. Let a judicial tribunal
decide between any two freemen of this country,
which of them is entitled to a piece of property,
to a head-right, to a settlement, and let the pro-
cess of the court be issued to the executive offi-
cer of justice, and let him be sent to put one of
the parties in possession of property adjudged to
be his. All that the defeated paity has to do is
to say to the sheriff, " Clear out; my rifle is my
title; I can gather around me a larger posse of
friends than you can around yon; and so far as
the Federal Army is concerned, the President is
prohibited from enforcing any law of the Legis-
lature; the President is forbidden giving any aid
to the enforcement of any act of this Legislature;
and therefore I will hold on to this piece of land
by the strong arm, and I will go on under the
highland doctrine,
" ; That he shall take who has the power,
Ami he *>hall keep who can P "
I can keep, and I will. That is to be the pro-
vision made by the Congress of the United States
for the government of the Territory of Kansas;
and it is upon that we are to adjourn; and if we
refuse that, the Senator from Delaware dbes not
hesitate to tell the Senate and the country, that
the Senate is not free from blame! Now, Mr.
President, upon this question of inserting pro-
visoes in appropriation bills containing general
legislation: appropriation bills, as their name
imports, are bills intended for providing supplies
to carry out the existing laws of the country.
They are intended, theoretically, for no other
purpose than voting money sufficient to carry
out existing laws. It is true, as was said two
years ago m debate by both the Senators from
Virginia—it is true, as all of us know, from our
every-day experience, and from the manner in
which the business of the country is jammed (if
I may use so vulgar a word) into the last few days
of the session—an abuse has arisen by which,
with the joint consent of both branches, legisla-
tive enactments are put on appropriation bills—
everybody always admitting it to be irregular—
everybody always asserting that44 this is purely
exceptional"—everybody always declaring " it
is much preferable that these provisions slrould
be passed in independent bills." But, sir,«the
custom has arisen m cases where both branches
of Congress agree to put legislative provisions
upon appropriation bills.
The Senator from Massachusetts takes this as
a precedent, or as the basis of his argument, to
show that the House of Representatives has a
rio-ht to adhere to a legislative provision on an
appropriation bill; buUiow does he prove this?
He takes half a dozen votes, given here at differ-
ent times, to put certain provisions on appropria-
tion bills, and he says Senators voted for that
legislation at that time on those bills, and, there-
fore, they have conceded that that method of legis-
lation is correct and constitutional. It is not so.
Mr. President, when, two years ago, the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] with a number of
his political friends,endeavored to force upon this
body a tariff bill, lie never pretended that an ap-
propriation bill was to be made the vehicle for it, in
violation of the will of one of the two branches of
the Legislature. It had pleased the House of Rep-
resentatives to put certain legislation cn an appro-
priation bill. The Senator from Virginia, in his
speech, which I have before me, declared that that
was an improper mode of legislation. He de-
clared that it was exceptional. He declared that
he did not approve of it. He declared that he
would rather have a clean bill than one with that
tariff provision in it;, but he said, if we do not
agree in the Senate to this tariff bill, there is a
proposition before the House to strike at the du-
ties on railroad iron alone, and they will put that
in instead of a general tariff revision. " I am op-
posed to partial legislation," said he, "and I
would rather they would put the general tariff bill
on an appropriation bill, if that general tariff bill
meets the concurrence of the Senate, than see
them pu t partial legislation on it;" and he said that,
as the least of the two evils, he would consent to
the tariff bill, if the majority of the Senate agreed
with him about the passage of it. That is the
language of the Senator from Virginia. I have
it here before me. I will not consume the time
of the Senate, at this late hour, in reading it.
Now, what occurred upon that? Both the
Senators from Delaware, myself, a number of
other gentlemen around—the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] Ajax Telamon of us all—
threw himself in the van of the battle, and no
words were too loud, no denunciations were too
severe, no declamation was too eloquent, to ex-
press his abhorrence of any such proposition us
putting any general legislation upon an appropri-
ation bill, and even of attempting to force a pro-
vision of that kind upon the minority of this body
against its will. Again and again, sir, did he
appeal to the Senator from Virginia—I joined
in the appeal—again and again did the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] appeal to the Sen-
ator from Virginia—1 joined in his appeal—and
what was the result? The Senator from Virginia
withdrew the proposition. He said originally,
when he proposed it, that it was irregular; he
said he disapproved of it in such a bill; he said
he only took it up as the least of t\to evils, both
of which ho feared; and when finally, upon our
argument, that it was just as unconstitutional
upon an appropiiation bill to force a minority of
this body cither to lose the bill or to accept that
legislation, as it was for one House to force the
other, the Senator gave way to the argument, and
withdrew the proposition. And now, his au-
thority is appealed to by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to-day in support of the proposition
he makes, that the House of Representatives is
right in its attempt to force upon the entire
Senate, legislation which the Senate had repeat-
edly repudiated, prior to the proposition coming
from the House.
Mr. President, I am sick and tired o&the de-
bate on this question of Kansas. Gentlemen
get up here and talk to us about facts known to
the country; they talk to us as if they were mat-
ters of history—facts contested; facts of winch
no authentic testimony is before us. Circum-
stances are transpiring one day, according to the
telegraph, which the telegraph of the next day
declares never to have existed. Facts are detailed
to us here by letter-writers and editorials of west-
ern journals, and this morning the Senator from
Michigan read to us reports from the comman-
der-in-chief of that department of the Army,
giving the he to every one of them; and yet
Senators on this floor, and members in the other
House, are appealing to gentlemen to base their
legislation on these idle and false hi mors. I do
not believe them, and therefore I will not restmy
vote upon any one of them. I do not believe
those that come here accusing the free-State men
and exonerating pro-slavery men, any more than
the others. I believe none of them. I believe
the first line of truth is yet to be written from
Kansas upon the state of affairs there, except the
official reports of the officers of the Army, who,
apart from everything like political passion, sit
down and make the usual, business-like, calm
reports, which they are accustomed to make to
their official superiors. I believe that, independ-
ently of them, the first line of truth is yet to
come to us from Kansas.
We all have seen these proclamations—these
appeals to passion—these efforts to make the peo-
ple of the South get up detachments, support
armies, and supply money and munitions of war
for pro-slavery men in the neighborhood of Kan-
sas. or in Kansas Territory; and on toother
