678
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Kansas Question—Mr. Edwards.
• Ho. of Reps.
construction given to them is most manifest from
the almost unbroken action of the General Gov-
ernment up to the year 1854. Upto the period
of 1819 all the Territories of the United states
had been governed bv certain " rules" and "reg-
ulation*, "by and with the assent of all the States,
and to their entire satisfaction. Every term used
in the Constitution has a fixed and legal signifi-
cation; and where they made use of the words,
" rules "and " regulations," they are to be under-
stood by us in view of the action of the Govern-
ment from its organisation to the present time.
In fixing a construction to tHte words of a legis-
lative act, it frequently becomes important to refer
to the purpose which its authors had in view, and
the meaning which they, as its expounders, ap-
plied to it. If this was a legal question, compe-
tent for our judicial tribunals to determine, we
should not hesitate in expressing the opinion, that
the Government was concluded after the lapse of
time which has intervened, and its almost uniform
action in support of the doctrine of Federal sov-
ereignty. As between individuals to nn agree-
ment, no one will question the obligatory force
of such evidence. Parties would not be permit-
ted, without the consent of all^he persons inter-
ested, to change the entire policy and purpose of
an association which had existed for years, under
-which vested rights had accrued, without at least
offering to restore to the party all that he would
lose by the change. The same reasons which
govern individuals and associations should also
control the Government. Good faith is as im-
portant in the one case as in^the other. In proof
of our position, and of the uniform action of the
Federal Government to legislate for the Territo-
ries on the subject of slavery, we shall now refer
to the several acts where slavery was both ex-
tended and restricted in the Territories.
The Northwest Territory, as it is generally
termed, was ceded to the United States at a time
while we were acting under the Articles of Con-
federation, b.nd before the Constitution was
adopted. On die 13th of July, 1787, Congress
passed an act establishing a territorial govern-
ment in the territory thus acquired; being " An
act to provide for the government of the terri-
tory northwest of the river Ohio." The pre-
amble to the act is as follows:
" Whereat, In order that the ordinances of tbe United
States in Congress assembled for the territory northwest
of the river Ohio may continue to have full effect, it is
requisite that certain provisions should be made so as to
adapt the same to the Constitution of the United States."
Congress, in this instance, deemed it necessary
that the Territory thus acquired should be placed
under certain laws of the United States adapted
to the Constitution. And how adapted? Why,
by providing as a "fundamental principle"*oe-
tween the thirteen original States, and the States
to be formed out of the territory northwest of
the river Ohio, and out of any other territory to
be ceded by individual States," that there should
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in
any of the States" thus formed.
When Congress, in 1789, under the Constitu-
tion, adopted the ordinance of 1787, they did so
to make certain rules and regulations; and when
they said that neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude should exist therein, they did so under
the provisions of the Constitution; for we have
seen that,"by the preamble, the great purpose was
to make the ordinance consistent with the Con-
stitution. The power to restrict slavery in the
Territories was not then questioned. Many of
the members of the Congress of 1789 were in the
convention which framed the Constitution, and
took an active part in its deliberations. If, then,
the power to Emit slavery was then a doubtful
one, why not some evidence of the existence of
the fact? Gentlemen who have discussed this
question should remember that the ordinance of
the 13th of July, 1787, was adopted by Congress
as containing certain rules and regulations for the
Territories, before the ratification by the States
of the amendment of the Constitution which pro-
vides that "the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States, a$e reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people."
Unless gentlemen can show, by some argument
different from any yet presented, that the amend-
ment of ihe Constitution which we have quoted
abrogates the act of Congress of 1789, and the
powers assumed and conferred by that act, the
act itself, with all its conferred powers, must
I stand as a constitutional provision.
It is well known that North Carolina originally
had a territory extending from the Atlantic ocean
to the Mississippi. Subsequently she ceded to
the~United States all that portion which is now
known as the State of Tennessee, with this ex-
press reservation or condition, " that no regula-
tion made or to be made by Congress shall tend
to emancipate slaves." It is manifest from this
reservation, that North Carolina at least under-
stood the constitutional power of Congress over
the Territories to be complete; otherwise no pro-
, hibition would have been demanded of Congress.
I What is more significant, in this instance, is,
that they should have used the precise word of
j the Constitution—" regulation "—under which
| the power has always been exercised. That
Congress and North Carolina so understood the
meaning of the Constitution at that time, is fully
demonstrated by their action.
Section second of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution has, in our opinion, an importantbear-
ing upon its construction and intent. It reads as
foQows:
" No persqn held to service or labor in one State under
the laws thneof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on the claim
of the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
This provision of the Constitution, properly
construed, applies only to the States; ana has
nothing to do with slaves escaping into the Ter-
ritories. " Persons held to service or labor in
one State, and escaping into another,"means an-
other State, and not a Territory. Hence, before
the year 1793, all such persons, who, by the laws
of one State, were held in service therein, and
escaping into the Territories, became at once free.
I By the law of nations, slavery cannot exist. It
is a creation of municipal regulation, and only
extends where the laws of the State or munici-
pality extend; beyond that it has no more force
than the laws of France, or any other foreign
Power. In restricting the rights to recapture to
the States, the convention which framed the Con-
stitution evidently had before them that other
provision which conferred upon Congress the
power to make all "needful rules and regula-
tions" for the Territories. Hence it was, that, in
1793, we again find Congress legislating under
this provision in regard to the Territories, and
upon the direct question of slavery. If the right
of recapture had been extended by the Constitu-
tion to the Territories as well as the States, why
the necessity for any additional legislation in re-
gard to the right of recapture in the Territories?
On the 12tn day of February, 1793, Congress
passed the act extending the provisions ofthe sec-
ond section of the fourth article to the Territo-
ries. This gave the Stateswhere slavery existed
the same right of recapture which, under the
Constitution, existed between the States. Not
only did they provide by law for the recapture of
slaves in the Territories, but they actually pro-
vided that where, before, by the Constitution,
slavery did not exist, the slaves should be held to
service, thus legislating slavery into territory be-
fore free. Under which provision of the Consti-
tution was it that Congress derived its power to
extend slavery, unless it was under that of making
all needful rules and regulations ? And if slavery
may be extended under the Constitution, it may
also be restricted.
The State of Georgia was one of the first which
adopted the Constitution. At that period her
territorial limits extended to the Mississippi, and
embraced all the territory now known as Ala-
bama and Mississippi. On the 7th of April,
1798, Congress passed an act for the settlement
of the'limits of the State of- Georgia, and at the
same time authorized the establishment of a
Government in Mississippi Territory. This act
directed the organization similar to the one estab-
lished in theNorthwesternTerritory, "excepting
and excluding the last ordinance made for the
government thereof," which, in the Northwest
Territory, was in effect to exclude slavery there-
from. This, to our mind, looks like legislating
freedom from the territory of the Mississippi.
But let ns look still further. The first section of
the act declares:
" That from and after the establishment of the aforesaid
Government, it shall not be lawful for any person or per-
sons to import or bring into the said Mississippi Territory,
from any part or place without the limits of the United
States, or to cause or procure to be imported or brought, or
knowingly aid or assist in so importing or bringing, any
slave or slaves, and that every person so offending, and
being thereof convicted, &c., shall pay a fine of $300; and
that every slave so imported or brought, shall thereafter
become entitled to and receive his or her freedom."
It will be seen that, in this instance, Congress
legislated upon the subject of slavery, and in an
extraordinary degree changed the rights of indi-
viduals and parties to hold and import slaves.
By this act, Congress assumes, under the provis-
ions of the Constitution, to make all needful rules
and regulations for Territories, to deny to the for-
mer citizens of Georgia, residing in the Territory
thus created, the rights which, as citizens of the
State of Georgia, they are entitled to exercise. As
citizens of a State, they possessed the right to im-
port slaves until the year 1808; but, as citizens ofa
Territory, they had no such right. All this was
done by and with the consent of the State of
Georgia; and, in a Bingle day,Congress assumed
to deny to the citizen of the Territory the priv-
ileges which, as a member of the State, he was
authorized to flmiand.
France ceded to the United States, on the 30th
of August, 1803, the Louisiana territory, which,
according to the modern interpretation, extended
to*the Rio Grande, and from the mouth of that
"river to its source. At the time this cession took
place, slavery existed in every portion of the
territory which was inhabited. In the treaty
purchase, the United States stipulated that the
inhabitants in the territory thus ceded, should be
admitted into the Union as soon as they were
able to comply with the provisions of the Consti-
tution.
During the year 1804, ancPwhile Mr. Jefferson
was President of the United States, an act was
passed by Congress " erecting Louisiana into
two Territories, and providing for the temporary
government thereof." The Territory then known
as Orleans embraced all " that portion of coun-
try ceded by France to the United States under
the name of Louisiana, which lies south of the
Mississippi Territory, and of an east and west
line, to commence on the Mississippi river, at
the thirty-third degree of north latitude, and to
extend west to the western boundary of said ces-
sion." The tenth section of the act is almost in
the precise words of the act establishing a territo-
rial government in Mississippi, and has the same
provision in regard to the importation of slaves
and punishment. It then proceeds:
" And no slave or slaves shall, directly or indirectly, be
introduced in said Territory, except by a citizen of the
United States removing into said Territory for actual settle-
ment, and being at tbe time of such removal bona fide own-
ers of such slave or slaves; and every slave imported or
brought into said Territory contrary to the provisions of
this act, shall thereupon be entitled to and receive his or'
her freedom."
The question which I now submit to the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House is this:
Was the passage of that law constitutional ? Had
they the power to legislature for or against sla-
very in the Territory in which they established
a government? If the act was constitutional,
under what provision of the Constitution was the
power conferred, unless to make " needful laws
and regulations ?" If they had not the power,
why were southern gentleftien, then, so anxious
for its exercise, and so clamorous in its defense?
Why did Jefferson approve of a law which, we
are now told, was clearly unconstitutional ? bet
us analyze for a moment the law passed for the
establishment of these Territories* and srie m
what respect Congress sought to legislate on the
subject of slavery. ,
First, the importation of pla^ras is prohibited
from within ana without the United States, when
;in the States the importation of slaves is a law-
ful article of commerce.
Second, it denies to the citizens of the ceded
"Territories rights which, as colonies of France,
they had exercised—the right to import slaved
without any limitation.
Third, it prohibits the taking of any slaves
ifttb the Territory from the United States, be-
cause, in the year 1798, Congress -passed an art
