40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
side we all know the old story about Beecher's !
Bibles, Sharpe's rifles, and "Kill 'em," and all j
the slang of that sort, which is utterly disgusting j
to every man who has any sense of responsibility
as a member of the American Congress. I can-
not bear to think of them. Yet the Senator from
Massachusetts tells us he wants to go to the coun-
try upon this issue; and he dares us to go to the
country upon the question of a disunion between
the two branches of Congress on the passage of
this bill. He dares us to go to the country, and
says the country will understand it. He dares it
in perfect security. I dare not go to the country
upon the issue. I for myself dare not. He may
taunt me; he may assume superiority as much as
he pleases, and speak of the appeal to the sober
sense of the people. I dare not vote for an
adjournment, or to abandon the position of the
Senate upon this bill. I never will, unless my!
present strong convictions of public duty are j
ovefrborne by considerations not now anticipated, j
but which may be presented by others.
. I say, sir, 1 dare not go to the country on their
issue, because it is one of civil war. They will
beat us on that issue: they will succeed in getting
up their civil war, if we adjourn.
Mr. President, the majority of the Senate and
the minority of the House are standing together
on.the platform of the Constitution of their coun-
try, earnest m their efforts to preserve it, earnest
in tlie conscientious desire to preserve those bonds
by which this Union is held together.
What has passed in Kansas within the last few
days affords a lesson to us and the country, which
we dare not overlook by adjourning without pass-
ing the bill. The gentleman is right; we dare not.
The plans of those who desire that this appro-
priation bill shall be defeated arc now revealed
in the darkest and most infamous colors to the
people of the country. They are apparent to
me as if they were written in characters of living
light upon the wall before me. They mean that
there shall be civil war; they mean that those
outbreaks which occurred in Kansas just so soon
as it^vas there supposed Congress had adjourned,
and before it was known that Congtess had again
been called together, shall continue; they mean
, that strife and bloodshed shall continue; they
mean that men coming from the northern por-
tions of the Confederacy shall shed their blood,
and be killed there. 7 hey know, sir, that the
southern portion of this Union is unanimous in
its determination to uphold its lights, because in
that determination is involved the upholding of
the Constitution of the country. They know
that the people of the Soiuh, in this coining elec-
tion, will give one unanimous vote, because that
people fe>ve the institutions of their common
country,and will die in their support; nnd know-
ing tins, they hope for no vote from there. The
sole, the lust, and desperate hope of these traitors
is to get the entire North banded as one people,
to force one section of the country into a con-
spiracy against the other, to produce bloodshed,
slaughter, rapine, and destruction in the common
territory of the country, to have the hind in that
distant Territory made rod with blood, and then
to appeal to the people of the North, and call
upon them to piotect their fellow-men, whose
bodies he there bleeding in the dust—to put down
what they term the sla\e power of the country.
Mr. Piesulent, that is the purpose. I fear not
to state it. I denounce it this day to the country.
The purpose is to make us adjourn without a bill
by which it shall be lawful—lawful! no, sir—by
which it shall be possible for the mod men there
to get up civil warfare. Who knows not that if
a few from different portions of the North ur-
wounded or killed m that warfare, sympathy,
support, commiseration will be invoked m their
favor in the States from which they came ? How
many Mark Antonys will there be scattered
through the country swearing that they loved
dead (Jresarr How many Mark Antonys will
there be scattered through this country pointing
to the bkeding wounds of the victims, calling
upon their fi lends tu avenge the bloody murder
of their fellow-citizen.
All this will be done when the executive arm
shall^have been palsied—when the Uongiess of
tiie United States shall have told the President
that he shall not enforce the laws—when there
does not remain a solitary enactment in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas by virtue of which peace can
be preserved or crime prevented—when nothing
will be left but the strong arm of the military;
and what military? Your fellow-citizens, en-
rolled from all parts of the United States, who
never expected to wield a blade, or point a
bayonet, except at the breast of the common foe
of the common country — never, sir, in a civil
warfare like that which is contemplated. I say
here, again, and I denounce it in the face of the
country, that these men (not all of them—some
are misguided, but those men who are at the head
of this scheme of making Congress adjourn with-
out any appropriation for the Army) intend civil
war. They intend civil war for the purpose of
carrying an election. They intend civil war for
the purpose of combining the northern portion
of this Confederacy in outrageous attacks upon
the South. They intend civil war for the purpose
of the final organization of those sectional par-
ties, against which his country's Father warned
us ail. They desire civil war, that they may
have civil power—naught else.
Sir, that is the issue which they intend to pre-
sent to the country. That is the issue to which
the Senator from Massachusetts dares me; and,
again,for one, I darenot. I will not go to the coun-
try upon such an issue as that. I will remain in
my seat until we are called together again under
the behests of the Constitution, in December
next, before I will yield one iota, one inch, one
hair's breadth, to such mad purposes as these.
It is the duty of the Senate to adhere. [Applause
in the galleries.]
The^PRESlDENT pro tempore. The galleries
will be cleared if there be any disorders.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is the duty of any man
who loves his country here this day to say that
that resolve for adjournment shall he on the table
until it rot. It is the duty of every man who loves
his country here to-day to say that, if civil war
comes, let it come by the behests of those for
whose action he is not respons'ble, and whose
mad conduct he endeavored in vain to arrest. I
shall never consent to it. i shall sit here in the
discharge of my duty; and if the finale is to come
whilst I am a member of this body—if the pre-
sent attack on the constitutional puvilegcs of the
Senate is to be succeeded by actual civil war, I
prefer perishing in my seat, as the Roman sena-
tors perished beneath the assault of their coun-
try's invaders, rather than purchase safety by a
cowardly abandonment of my duty to my coun-
try, and my loyalty to its institutions.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, there is much
to approve in the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator from IjOui.Mnna, who has just taken his seat,
and mile!) to '•otne-nin. Tt will require some care
and attention to do justice to the former, while
I extract f(om it that portion of I us remarks from
which I nilieivuid upon which I mean to bestow
a just censure, m now addressing the Senate.
In rcgoid to oil the Senator has said against the
revolutionary tendencies of gentlemen in the other
House, and against the proviso, which I have
\ored against as steadily as he has, he knows
well that I have disapproved them as decidedly
as himsilf, With regard to all those parts of his
speech which touched on that subject, I would
not add anything to what the gentleman has well
said^ He knows well that, upon all occasions, I
have exerted myself to bring about peace between
thc^feontendmg sections of my countrymen. He
knows that the object of the very remarks i made
here this day, and to which he hos undertaken
to reply, was to produce union between the two
Houses of Congtess, to procure the very result
which the honoiable Senator says he himself is
most anxious to obtain, in the passage of this
Army bill.
Sir, the honorable Senator has misstated my
position entirely. I suffered him to go on, be-
cause it is not pleasant to interrupt a speaker so
fluent. 1 desired to hear him fully. I desired to
see the whole length he would go. He treated
me as having said or contended, in the course of
the argument here, that the bare refusal of the
| Senate to repeal these laws of Kansas would
; place thorn in the worst possible condition, with-
j out bestowing anv censure on the course of the
! House of Representatives. Now, sir, I will state
j what I did say; and, in order to understand it
; fully, lotus recur to the facts precisely as they
I stood at the time I entered into the debate.
1 The honorable Senator from California had pre-
sented to the Senate a bill to repeal many of the
most obnoxious taws of Kansas. The Senate,
shortly before the time this debate commenced,
had taken a vote upon that bill. They resolved
(the honorable Senator himself, i believe, con-
curring with others here; h« can correct me, if I
am wrong) to reject that bill of peace by laying
it on the table; and the large majority of the
Senate, to which he has been referring, and whose
course he volunteers as a champion to defend,
voted to lay that bill on the table, with a determ-
ination thereby finally to reject it, to consider it as
a bill no longer pending before us, or to be con-
sidered hereafter. It was the death of the bill
of the gentleman from California. The honor-
able member will not dare to deny that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was voted upon with
an express declaration, on the part of the Senator
from Virginia, that it was already comprised in
two bills which we had sent to the House, that
if the House wished to pass that bill, we should
be ready to accept the striking out of all else, and
allow it to pass; that it would be idle to send it
back alone again; and further, because, as waa
stated by the Senator from California, the instant
that bill was offered by itself to repeal those laws,
it was incumbered at once by amendments from
gentlemen on the other side of the House, which
were known to be obnoxious to the majority,
so that it was idle to tender the olive branch to
them.
Mr. CLAYTON. I understand the facts very
differently. But now note how the gentleman
has changed his position and his tone. The hon-
orable Senator does not now venture to enter the
arena and contend that these Kansas laws ate not
oppressive, unjust, and tyrannical, and ought
not to be repealed ! He is a strong man m debate,
and there are other strong men here; but if he, or
any other man here, attempt to defend those laws
which I have denounced, like Milo, with his
hands in the entrails of the oak, he will perish on
the very ground intended as the scene of his
greatest achievement. Sir, it does not lie in the
power of man to defend such shameful acts as
tliese. The gentleman declines, and dares not
attempt it.
Those were the topics to which I called the at-
tention of the Senate. Here was a bill to repeal
them; here was a bill to place ourselves right be-
fore the country; and it was laid on the table on
the ground, first, it was said, because two bills
had gone to the other House containing provis-
ions of similar purport. But does not every-
body know that those bills which were sent to
the House were connected with other matters
exceedingly offensive to the House ? The bill, for
instance, that was reported by the Committee on
Territories, and which passed here—I did not
vote for it—containing provisions repealing part
only of those laws, provided for the immediate
admission of Kansas into the Union as a State
at the next ensuing session of Congress. I have
repeatedly given my sentiments on that subject
to the Senate before, and, with many others, de-
clared that, under no circumstances, would I con-
sent to vote for the admission of that Territory
as a State, while the country was in the present
state of excitement, while men in the North and
South were rallying against each other, and pend-
ing one of the most violent political contests that
ever occurred in this nation.
I would never agree nowto bring up that great
question here, whether the State should be ad-
mitted into the Union with or without slavery,
because I can readily foresee that the consequence
of bringing it here would be to create a greater
and more violent excitement than existed in 1320,
when Missouri proposed to come into the Union.
Yes, sir, the circumstances now surrounding us
are vastly more dangerous than they were then;
and I am old enough to remember, and tremble
when 1 recollect, the dangers of that period. I
hope never to see the like again; but beyond all
question if the bill w-ach was sent from the Sen-
ate to that House had passed that House, bring-
ing the State into the Union this fall, presenting
the whole of that question and forcing it upon us
without allowing us the healing influences of time,
without giving us the benefit of any part of the
chapter of accidents, it would, as F verily believe,
and as a distinguished gentleman from the South
said to me here in the Senate Chamber, it would
drive the country into revolution. I do not believe
