1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
war; and that a perversion of the power delegated
by a free people for the preservation of their free-
dom to purposes of injustice, tyranny, and op-
pression, demands the union and active coopera-
tion of all who deserve to enjoy the blessings of
liberty, for the purpose of placing the Govern-
ment in the hands of those who will conduct it
with due regard to the rights of freemen and the
liberties of the people.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, the resolutions
of the Massachusetts Legislature on this subject
are now before the Senate; and subsequent events
will decide whether or not I shall address this
body on the substantive matter treated of in the
resolutions which I have just presented. One
thing, however, I must say, that while I have the
honor of a seat in this Chamber, I will defend,
here and elsewhere, if needs be, the freedom of
debate. This is all that I have to say on the sub-
ject at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dispo-
sition does the Senator desire to be made of these
resolutions?
Mr. JAMES. I move that they be printed,
and laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection.
Mr. BRO WN. I object to the printing of these
resolutions; and I know the responsibility which
1 assume in objecting to printing resolutions
coming from a sovereign State of this Union. I
make the objection without expecting to succeed
in it.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the rule of the Sen-
ate requires the printing of resolutions coming
from State Legislatures. I present the point of
order, that the rule requires the printing of me-
morials and resolutions of State Legislatures, and
you cannot abrogate or change that rule without
presenting a proposition for that purpose, which
requires one day's notice.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose it at least admits of
debate, whether we shall print the resolutions or
not.
Mr. SEWARD. Freedom of debate requires
that.
Mr. BROWN. As I have already said, I do
not expect to succeed in my opposition. I am
aware of the rule to which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia alludes. When the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts thought proper to serd here resolutions
in reference to what she conceived: to be her duty
hastily to conclude was an outrage on one of her
Senators, I thought it well enough to let the mat-
ter pass without discussion; but when another
State conceives it to be her duty to take up the
question, and come in with her resolves, denounc-
ing the transaction which took place here as a
cowardly and brutal outrage, and as an attempt
to stifle debate, it strikes me as presenting the
subject altogether in a new light.
I have seen nothing in this matter which struck
me as an attempt, on the part of any one, to stifle
or check the utmost freedom of debate, here or
elsewhere. A Senator from Massachusetts, in
the exercise of his privilege, delivered himself,
with the utmost freedom, of his opinions upon
certain very delicate questions; and in the prog-
ress of his remarks, took occasion to reflect
severely upon the historic character of one of the
States of this Union, and to reprobate, in strong
and pointed personal terms, the conduct ana
bearing of one of the Senators from that State,
■who was then absent. A Representative from
South Carolina felt it to be his privilege to call
that Senator to personal account for what he said
on that occasion.
Now, sir, I know what are the guarantees of
the Constitution; but in the wildest flights of my
imagination, I never dreamt that the Constitution
guarantied, or undertook to guaranty, to me, or to
any other member of the American Senate, the
unrestrained privilege of denouncing States and
Senators, and private citizens, in such terms as I
might think proper to employ, and yet of claim-
ing under the Constitution immunity from all
account out of doors for what I might say. I had
supposed, and I do yet suppose, that if, in the
exercise of my privilege as a Senator, I denounce
any gentleman in terms to him personally offens-
ive, 1 am, as a gentleman, accountable to him
for what I say; and the Constitution never un-
dertook to shield and protect me against that.
Mr. JAMES. The honorable Senator and
myself perfectly agree in that respect.
Mr. BROWN. I dare say that I perfectly
agree wi,th my gallant friend from Rhode Island;
but do I 'agree with " little Rhodv ?" Does Rhode
Island agree to this? If she does, why comes
she here with these resolutions ? Why does she,
in her sovereign capacity, as a member of this
Confederacy, undertake to interpose in a mere
personal quarrel—in a mere personal controversy
between two individuals ? I take it for granted
that the honored State from which my friend
comes, believes that a great outrage has been com-
mitted on the Constitution; that there has been a
bona fide attempt here to restrain the freedom of
debate; that the South,in the person of the Repre-
sentative from South Carolina, has undertaken
the grave task of restraining the North, in the
person of the Senator from Massachusetts, in the
full exercise of that freedom of speech which is
guarantied by the Constitution.
That is the light in which I am to suppose
Rhode Island views the case, judging by the res-
olutions which she has sent here, and which are
now on your table. I do not regard the trans-
action in any such view. It presents no such
point to our consideration. As I was proceeding
to say, the whole transaction, as it presents itself
to my mind, is simply this: there is a mistake
in the mind of a certain portion of the northern
people as to what are the real facts in the case;
or else they have, according to my judgment,
grossly misconceived the constitutional rights of
Senators and Representatives. If, as I said at
the outset, a Senator has made a gross personal
assault by words upon any Senator, or upon a
Representative, or upon anybody out of doors,
then, in his person, not as a Senator, but as an
individual, I hold that he is accountable for such
insult and outrage. Heaven forbid that I should
ever undertake to protect myself under the pan-
oply of the Constitution for words spoken here.
So long as I confine myself to the legitimate dis-
cussion of questions fairly before the Senate,
avoiding personalities, it would be an outrage on
the freedom of debate if any one here or elsewhere
should undertake to call me to account, or pre-
vent me saying what I choose to say in respect
to questions before this body; but if I go outside
of the line to offer a personal affront to a brother
Senator, a personal indignity to a member of the
House of Representatives, to a State of the Union,
or to any private citizen, I must be accountable
for it; and the Constitution, I apprehend, never
undertook to guaranty me against being called
to account if 1 thus trespass on the rights of
others. I think that Rhode Island must either
be mistaken as to what are the facts of the case,
or understands the Constitution of our country
in a different light from that in which 1 under-
stand it. I rose, sir, to object to the printing of
the resolutions, simply that I might have an
opportunity of presenting my humble protest
against their doctrines.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to correct a mistake
into which I have fallen in regard to this matter.
I supposed that the rule of the Senate required
memorials and resolutions of State Legislatures
to be printed, as a matter of course. On exam-
ination, I find that such is not the construction to
which the rule is entitled. Its only effect is to
take from the Committee on Printing certain
things—amongst others, " resolutions offered by
any Senator, communications from the Legisla-
tures, or conventions lawfully called, of the
respective States.'' Such matters are not referred
to the Committee on Printing; but nevertheless it
will require a vote of the Senate to decide whether
these resolutions shall be printed or not. The
Senator from Mississippi, therefore, has a perfect
right to discuss the question, whether we shall
print them or not? but, as the Senate is thin, I
suggest the propriety of postponing it until we
can get a full Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I have accomplished about the
only object I had in view.
Mr. SEWARD. I deem it to be my duty
under the circumstances, to move that these reso-
lutions be printed; I cannot consent to let the pur-
pose of the honorable Senator from Mississippi
be accomplished without also expressing my own
view of the subject which he has discussed,
although I had hoped that debate on this question
might be pretermitted until we should hear the
honorable and venerable Senatorfrom South Car-
olina, [Mr. Evans.] who has the floor on the
Massachusetts resolutions.
There is no man in this House, or elsewhere,
Mr. President, who holds to a higher standard
of parliamentary and senatorial propriety, cour-
tesy, and comity, than myself. I acknowledge
that it is the duty of every member of the Senate
to confine himself within the well-known rules of
parliamentary debate. I hold that it is the duty
of the Senate of the United States to maintain
even a higher standard of propriety and decorum
and mutual respect amongst its members, than
any parliamentary rules which prevail in any
parliamentary assembly of the world prescribe.
I find among free Governments no parliamentary
body that corresponds to my conception of the
august character of the American Senate. It is
a  parliamentary body only in one respect—it
debates, and frames, and enacts laws; but the
members who compose it are not representatives
of municipalities, classes, or orders, but repre-
sentatives of sovereign States. Practically, they
are embassadors sent by their several States.
The States are equal nations, and their repre-
sentatives here are equal in dignity and in au-
thority. The dignity, the courtesy, and the pro-
priety which ought to prevail here, arc the dignity,
courtesy, and propriety, which would be expected
to be observed and maintained in a congress of
separate sovereign States or nations. This being
so, I am sure no one will suppose that it is my
purpose now, or at any other time, to seek to
lower the standard which is insisted upon by the
Senators around me.
But, sir, I differ widely from my honorable
friend from Mississippi about the manner in
which the observance of senatorial courtesy and
propriety is to be enforced. It is not the rights
of individual members of the Senate that are
involved; it is the rights of the States, the nations
represented here, that are concerned. We are
not merely persons; we are not here in our indi-
vidual characters', we are the representatives of
States; and whenever we forget the real presence
of those States in this their great diplomatic
council, and introduce here ourselves, our own
interests, our own rights, and our own wishes,
our own vanities and our own ambitions, we
make as great a mistake as the tragedian who
betrays an individual or personal grief or joy in
the performance of the drama which he is en-
acting.
Speaking, as every member here does speak, for
his State, m her name, and as the organ of her
opinions and her will, there are two guarantees
that he will observe the proprieties of the place.
The first is—and the Senate relies upon it—that
every representative will, of himself, from the
dictates of his own judgment and good sense, con-
fine himself within those rules which the stand-
ard of the Senate prescribes. If he fails to do
this, the Constitution provides a further security,
and that is, that the Senate may punish him for
disorderly conduct; and even whether his deport-
ment amounts to what constitutes disorderly con-
duct or not, the Senate can expel him. Though
he be an embassador from a sovereign State, and
responsible to that State, he is also responsible to
his peers assembled here. They can degrade
him, and expel him from the high presence which
he disgraces, and call upon the State he repre-
sents to send another representative worthy of
that presence, and worthier of herself.
What other guarantees than these do you want'
The Constitution intrusts to the Senate the power
and the responsibility of punishing infractions
of parliamentary rules of debate, or any other
offenses committed within the Senate Chamber.
That was one of the objects of the Constitution.
Another object was to protect, and all agree that
it does effectually protect, a Senator from respons-
ibility anywhere else for the manner in which he
discharges his high trust. He is responsible to
the Senate even to the whole extent of a forfeiture
of the trust which he holds; and the Constitution
declares that he shall be responsible in no other
way, and to no other authority or power than
the Senate itself.
All Senators agree that he is responsible no 
where else by virtue of any legal remedy or pro-
cess. I cannot comprehend the reasoning which,
while it admits that the Constitution secures to a
Senator absolute impunity from legal account-
