1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas and Slavery—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Reps.
prohibiting the importation of slaves into the
Territories, on the ground that the importation
of slaves was confined to the original thirteen
States—" States now existing."
The action of the Federal Government in its
legislation for the several Territories we have re-
ferred to, was as complete and as extensive over
the matter acted upon as that of any State Legis-
lature; yet, in the face of all this, we are gravely
told that it was an assumed power without con-
stitutional warrant. In the scheme for the annex-
ation of Texas, demagogues North and South
(some of which are now the standard-bearers in
the cause of freedom) were found in a joint em-
brace for a joint purpose, striving to outdo the
other in txtending, establishing, ana restricting sla-
very in the territory thus acquired. 'It was ex-
tended and established between the Nueces and
Rio Grande, south of 36° 30' in a population of
fifty thousand freemen, and in a territory where it
had been abolished for years, It was restricted,
provided the consent of the State of Texas could
Be procured, north of 36° 30'. I know that it is
generally understood and believed by freemen of
the North, that north of 36° 30* slavery cannot
by law exist. This is, however, a mistake and
the political demagogues who then, in part mis-
represented the common sentimenUjf the North
in theiraction for its annexation, deserve no favor,
no trust, no profit from a free people. They
should receive rather a rebuke, which should last
as long as the evils which they were instrumen-
tal in creating, remain. It is idle for these men,
now that the consequences of their action is being
felt in every hamlet throughout the country, and
when an indignant morality and intelligence is
spurning them and their acts everywhere, to say
they have repented. It was one of those great
errors for which no repentance, however sincere,
can ever atone; it was one of those grievous mis-
takes which will live in the broken nopes of the
nation, when its authors upd their memories shall
have passed into forgetfulness. Like Hamlet's
ghost, it will never down at their bidding. In the
annexation of Texas, we see only the beginning
of a series of startling errors which have ramified
every State in the Union, and which, if allowed
to germinate, will bear the melancholy fruits of
decay and dissolution.
If it was possible at this day to change the
policy of the Government, and inaugurate the
present theory in regard to our Territories, its
past act on upon that subject should at least be
wiped oiut. One portion of the Union should not
be permitted to profit by the practfee of decep-
tion upon the other.
Neither can we for ourselves, or those whose
interest we reflect, consent that the Territories of
the United States shall ever be open to the full
measure of all the evils which flow from domestic
slavery. We intend most sacredly to keep faith
with each and every one of the States of this
Union, and in nowise shall we attempt to inter-
fere with their rights. This is our interest as
well as our duty. But not one inch of that vir-
gin soil which for years has been dedicated under
the compact of the Government to the happy,
cheerful homes of free mea and women, shall
ever become the hunting ground of human life.
We had intended, Mr. Speaker, to express our
views upon the propriety of the immediate recep-
tion of Kansas into the Union as a State. My
hour has nearly expired, and I can only say, that
although the balance of precedent is against us,
and although difficulties surround the question,
which, in an ordinary case, would most certainly
control our action, yet in an exigency like the
present, when State is arrayed against State, a
great nation wrought to the highest endurable
point of animosity and excitement, when frater-
nal blood has been shed, precedent and difficulties
all should yield to the common good. We can
see is the future no hopes for peace—no way of
escape from the dangers which now menace us,
but in the immediate admission of Kansas as a
State. To continue the unnatural excitement
which breathes in every whisper, which every-
where threatens to become more imposing, is not
the part of the philanthropist or statesman.
Restoration should be made of the political
rights and dominion gained by means of*that ,
policy, which now, that it is no logger profitable, 11
is sought to be overthrown. Before we can ever
consent to adopt the theory of squatter sov-
ereignty, we must be placed upon an equal foot-
ing with the South. We cannot consent to per-
mit those States to exercise the power of legis-
lating for the Territories while such legislation
tended to their advancement, and to change the
policy and deny the right when it was found no
longer useful for that .purpose.
During the year which has passed, laws have
been created in Kansas by men who have usurped
the rights and prerogatives of a free, intelligent
people, and the actual citizen forced by means of
the strong arm of Federal power, to bend the knee
in humble subjection to laws which disgrace the
age in Which we live. It is morally impossible
that an intelligent people should ever recognize
the obligatory force of these laws, conceived as
they were in the basest motives of the human
heart, and born amid the strife of arms.
We have been told that it was the sole purpose
of the organic act establishing a government in
Kansas, to permit the actual residents of the Ter-
ritory to meet together, and in " their own way"
choose their legislators and make " their own"
laws and constitution. How has that organic act
been executed ? Have the actual residents been
permitted peaceably to assemble, and in "their
own way" to make their own laws ? No such
thing. The laws which they are now bound in
chains and imprisoned for refusing to obey, are
the laws of a body of usurpers—revolutionists.
Morally iand legally, they are no more bound to
recognize them than we are. How does the action
of these usurpers corr^ppond with the organic .act
which "left the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way ?" Has it been done ?—has the Administra-
tion faithfully executed that act ? Nothing like
it. On the contrary, it has, by every possible
agency, sought to embarrass all efforts to see it
executed. Under the laws defining the right of
suffrage, no man can exercise that privilege without
awearing to support and uphold in good faith the
ordinance of1798, the fugitive slave act of1850, and
the act repealing the Missouri compromise. All
who refuse thus to swear are disfranchised from
voting or holding office in the Territory. Free-
dom of speech, the great palladium of our liber-
ties, is denied to all who do not speak in favor of
human slavery. The candidate of a powerful
party is at once stricken down if he dare promul-
gate sentiments in hostility to the execution of
these laws. There is no such thing as freedom
of speech, of action, or even thought, unless it be
that freedom which blasts the hopes and enchains
the body. Commenting upon tne sacred instru-
ment of independence, except as an instrument to
extend slavery, is made a penal offense. In a Ter-
ritory where such laws prevail, where anarchy
and revolution are daily throwing forth their bit-
ter fruits, ought we to hesitate in the application
of the remedy?—ought we to stumble upon prece-
dent when that very delay may be the means of
untold evil to our whole country. We would see
once again our Union united, once more on the
road to empire, but never as the propagandist
of human bondage and cruelty. Better topple to
the ground at once than become the center from
which radiates no principle of universal liberty.
KANSAS AND SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. MORRILL,
OP VERMONT,
Ik the House jof Representatites,
June 28,1856.
The bill for the admission of"Kansaa as a State being
under consideration,
Mr. MORRILL said:
I know, Mr. Speaker, that it is the practice
of some—some who claim to be preeminently
the conservators of the Union—to deal in acri-
monious philippics, and with studied forethought
"to plant a thorn in the side" of some States
situated north or south of a certain line, as if
that were proof of true patriotism or elevated
statesmanship. I have a scrap-book myself of
" stubborn things," but I hope never to be pro-
voked so far as to call and cull them from their
hiding place, however pertinent they may be,
and I acknowledge they may be so, in self-de-
fense, or in " carrying a war into Africa." Never
do I intend to throw an ink-bottle across the map
of the United States. I trust we all feel proud
of our country, whatever we may think of the
men of to-day or the parties of yesterday. The
glory of Kentucky is American glory. The
glory of New England, of Virginia, of that west-
ern empire whose stars are reflected in the lakes
and the Mississippi, is all American glory; and
I feel, as I trust I always may, that nothing
American is alien to me.
While I am willing to accord praise wherever
it may be due, so, too, I intend to distribute cen-
sure where, in my judgment, it may be deserved.
The South has its sins quite the color of scarlet,
but ought not to be made to bear these and the
sins of the North also, which are not altogether
white as wool. The South say, and I believe
truly, that, if they have slaves, northern traders
greatly aided in their introduction. The race of
northern traders is not yet extinct. If the slave
power has increased, it is because northers traders
have largely contributed to that result. Northern
doe-faces—the Buck-anans—for the purposes of
thrift and political ambiti.on, have sneaked into
the camp of the South, and tendered from time to
time various outposts of liberty, and yet we heap
the chief obloquy upon those who were merely
the recipients of such disgraceful generosity. As
well might we find fault with the British for not
kicking Arnold out of their presence when ha
offered to surrender West Point. As well taunt
the receiver of stolen goods, and let the thief go
unrebuked!
I propose to discuss the propriety of the im-
mediate admission of Kansas as a State of this
Union, and, to some extent, the hindrances
thrown in the way by the vexed question of
slavery — not all of which are southern men
alone responsible for. In doing this, it is my
purpose not to speak particularly for Buncombe,
though I am far from having the vanity of hoping
for the ear of this House; for my constituents care
more that I should do my duty here, than that I
should, by vote or speech, manufacture political
ammunition for them. They are accustomed,
and quite able, to take care of themselves.
The American people, though they have little
of that art derided by the ancient Greek, have
much of that of which he was justly proud—the
power to make great cities of inconsiderable
towns^ Cities are their handiwork; States their
peculiar product. There is no section of our
country where the science of self-government is
not studied and understood; and no portion of
the people, wheresoever located and howsoever
surrounded, that cannot furnish for themselves
an American republican constitution on demand,
practically more perfect than any historical ex-
ample or classic model of ancient or modern date.
It is no marvel to us, because common, that our
Territories ripen into States with a facility un-
known to other nations. It is no marvel that
they present constitutions with republican and
faultless proportions. Kansas is the youngest,
latest product of our institutions, and not a whit
inferior to any of her predecessors in the starry
galaxy of our new States. She is stocked by men
unsurpassed in all the elements of intelligence
and manhood by any of the pioneers who have
shed luster upon our national growth; and they
will as surely transmit their men of mark as have
the gallant'settlers of Kentucky or Ohio.
As the highest compliment which a man can
tender a woman is the proposal of heart and
hand—a united destiny forever—so it is a flatter-
ing compliment which our Territories tender to
our national character when they exhibit an eager-
ness to " form a more perfect union" by asEng
admission as States.
By the act establishing the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, the people were left'' perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way."
Under the right so broadly given, they have, m
their own way—in spite of perils by land, perils
by presidential whirlpools, and perils among false
brethren—formed their institutions in their own
way, and they now ask to be admitted into th«
Union as a State. Let us consider the propriety
