THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Cowgress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1856.
New Series,...No. 44.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. I can state the reason why this
appropriation has been lessened; I believe I have
done so already. The Secretary of the Interior
recommended the appropriation of $11,000 for the
repairs of the long bridge over the Potomac, and
of the Navy-Yard and upper bridges across the
eastern branch of the Potomac. We all know
that the question of repairing the Long Bridge is
one which is now agitating the people of this Dis-
trict, A great portion of the community are op-
posed to the repair of that bridge. They believe
that it destroys the navigation of the Potomac
river, and they desire to have it taken away. The
Committee on the District of Columbia, therefore,
were not disposed to raise on this bill the discus-
sion of a question of doubtful propriety—one in
reference to which the people of this District j
themselves do not agree. For this reason we were
opposed to inserting in the bill a provision for the
repair of the Long Bridge; and we propose to ap-
ply only that sum which was recommended by
the Secretary of the Interior to the bridges across
the Eastern Branch. No one doubts the necessity
of repairing them. They have been kept up by
Congress for years, and the only question is,
whether Congress will continue to do that which
it has undertaken to do ? The Secretary has asked
for an appropriation for this purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. Did not the Secretary ask
for both?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly he did.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the Senator from Mary-
land himself discriminates in regard to the Secre-
tary's recommendations; he cuts out that which
relates to Virginia, and selects those items which
relate to Maryland. He discriminates, but he
allows me no such privilege. According to his
argument the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia is the superior one. It may discriminate,
but I am not allowed to exercise my own judg-
ment in regard to those various recommendations.
Now, sir, suppose we were to follow the plan
of the Senator from Maryland, and insert in this
bill all that the Secretary of the Interior has rec-
ommended as deficiencies for the District of Co-
lumbia; what an appearance would the bill pre-
sent? what chance should we have of passing it
through the other House? We are told that
there is as much reason for inserting an appro-
priation for the repairs of bridges over the East-
ern Branch, as for anything that appears in the
deficiency bill. As much reason for passing that
as for passing the appropriation to enable our
Army to move and to subsist in the field! As
much reason for passing that as for passing the
appropriation to supply deficiencies in the Post
Office Department, to enable the mails to be car-
ried ! As much reason for passing that as for
passing the appropriation for deficiencies for the
expense's of the courts, to enable your judiciary
system to be executed !
Again, sir, it is not just to say that the Com-
mittee on Finance claims any superiority when
st exercises a guardianship over bills committed
to it. The deficiency bill is committed to the
Committee on Finance; the bill is placed under
its care and guardianship, and for this reason it
becomes the duty of that committee to guard it
against the admission of improper items. In re-
gard to this point the theory is, that appropria-
tions for objects already provided for bylaw come
within the province of that committee, and new
subjects come from other committees. Do we
ever interfere with them in regard to any new
subjects which they propose ? Never, sir; but it
is our duty to exercise a guardianship over the
general appropriation bills which are referred to
us; and if items arc brought to the notice of the
Senate which have not been presented to us, and
which have not boon explained, surely we may
be allowed to ask for an explanation of them
without being supposed to assume any supe-
riority over any other committee or over any
other person.
A word now in regard to bridges over the
Eastern Branch. It is not many years since they
44
belonged to private individuals. I remember the
time when they were purchased by the Govern-
ment. I submit that there may be a question
whether we are to go on repairing these old
wooden structures, or whether we are to make
new and better ones, provided the Government is
to continue the responsibility of providing bridges
over the eastern branch of the Potomac river for
people to pass from this District to the State of
Maryland.
Mr. BROWN. These estimates were sent to
us from the Department of the Interior. Dupli-
cate copies were sent, one to the Committee on
Public Buildings, and the other to the Committee
on the District of Columbia—I presume because
the Secretary had some doubt as to which commit-
tee appropriately had jurisdiction on the subject.
The result has been that the jurisdiction has been
divided. The Committee on Public Buildings
took up a portion of the items, and through their
chairman brought them before the Senate; and in
regard to those items reported by the Committee
on Public Buildings, I find that my vigilant friend
from Virginia has interposed no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Mississippi
is mistaken. I admitted that I had agreed to
them at first, but after I found the appropriations
swelling so largely, I did endeavor to persuade
the chairman of that committee, of which I am a
member, to withdraw his amendments, but he did
not do so. I then had to content myself with
voting against them.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator interposed any
objection at all, it was certainly a very feeble one;
but now, when other amendments of the same
nature are reported by the Committee on the
District of Columbia, I find that my friend from
Virginia is exceedingly vigilant, and I think a
little obstinate in his objection to these appropria-
tions. Whether or not my friend from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings, has made himself more agree-
able to the chairman of the Committee 011 Finance,
and has persuaded him by his skill and ingenuity
and learning to agree to his appropriations, I
am not prepared to say; but it strikes me as some-
what singular that so much objection should be
made to recommendations coming from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and that they
should be fought with so much earnestness, while
those coming from another committee are allowed
to pass with" a nominal or mere formal objection.
While I am no particular advocate for the re-
pair of these bridges, I must say that all these
recommendations stand on precisely the same
footing. They come from the same Secretary;
they are embraced in the same list of items;
they stand in the Senate upon the same author-
ity. The only difference is, that one portion has
been recommended by the Committee on Public
Buildings, and the other by the Committee on
the District of Columbia. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
cannot draw a solitary panicle of difference be-
tween the two sets of items, so far as the recom-
mendation which backs them up is concerned.
The first item of recommendation accompanying
the letter, which was read at the request of my
friend from Delaware, was " for repairs of the
Potomac bridge, and the navy-yard and upper
bridges of the eastern branch of the Potomac."
That included, of course, the repair of the Long
Bridge. The Committee 011 the District of Colum-
bia—at least a portion, if not all its members—
are opposed to repairing that bridge, or expend-
ing another dollar of the public money upon it.
It is not only an eyesore to the people of the
District of Columbia, but is disreputable to the
nation at large. It is not a bridge that ought to
be repaired.
The Senator from Virginia need have no fear,
as he seems to have, that the Old Dominion is
to be cut off from communication with this city.
There is 110 intention to do so. We propose to
build a new bridge, to build it at the right place,
and to build it of the proper materials. I wish
the District of Columbia to be connected with
Maryland, and especially with Virginia- This
District forms a connecting link between these
two States. The committee were opposed to re-
pairing the old. Long Bridge; and for that reason
they changed the recommendation of the Secre-
tary, and reduced the amount of appropriation
from All,000 to $5,000. I shall probably have
something to say about the other items accompa-
nying the same letter, when they come up.
As a matter of course, I have no interest in
these appropriations. They do not concern my
constituents, but they relate to subjects coming
within the jurisdiction of the committee of which
I have the honor to be chairman,
I will only add that, for the life of me, I can
see no difference to the public, and no difference
to the Treasury, between putting these items into
this bill and putting them into another appropria-
tion bill. I can, however, see good and cogent
reasons for inserting them in this bill. One of
the items which will be proposed is a large one
for improvements on the new part of the Patent
Office. A small appropriation was allowed to pass
without objection, of $4,000, to make some im-
provements in the old part of the building.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a necessity.
Mr. BROWN. What necessity ? I know of
no particular necessity. We shall have a larger
item to propose for carrying on the building which
is not yet completed. These appropriations are
necessary now for the reason which has been stated
time and again, that unless you make the appro-
priations at this season, they will be in point of
fact unavailable for twelve months to come. It
can make no difference to the Treasury whether
they be included in this bill or some other appro-
priation bill, for there is no difference in the amount
of money in either case. 1 think they ought to be
inserted here, so that the work can go on in the
proper working season. 1 shall not detain the
Senate, for I repeat what I have already said—1
have 110 personal interest in the matter. I only
wish to carry out what the proper committees
recommend.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand this question
somewhat differently from my colleague and the
Senator from Maryland. I think that all com-
mittees stand upon an equality. The character
or standing of a committee does not depend on the
approval or disapproval of its recommendations
by'the Senate. In my judgment, committees are
appointed for the purpose of furnishing inform-
ation; and confidence is to be bestowed on all
their investigations; but that does not preclude
individual Senators from examining their recom-
mendations.
I differ from my colleague when he speaks of
this proposition as standing on an equality with
all the other recQmmendations made by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. I understand that it is the
duty of the Senate to give to the recommenda-
tions of the heads of Departments the weight to
which, in its judgment, they may be entitled. A
Secretary may send in a long list of recommenda-
tions, and the Senate may approve, on its own
judgment, of portions of those recommendations,
and disapprove the residue. If I had no othor
reason for voting in favor of an appropriation
here but the mere recommendation of a Secretary,
aside from my own judgment of its propriety, 1
should never vote for one. Nor, sir, do I think
that the reflection which has been cast on the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is justi-
fied. He recommended the carrying out of
contracts and obligations of the Government
towards its officers. This appropriation, as the
Senator from Maryland himself says, is for the
convenience of the people of the District of Co-
lumbia and the State of Maryland. It is assumed
that the Federal Government must pay all the
expense of keeping up these bridges, but not a
word has been said, either by the Secretary of
the Interior, or by those Senators who have ad-
vocated the amendment, to show the obligation
of the Government to keep up these bridges. _ I
am willing to vote for a proposition authorizing
the people of the District of Columbia, if they
