04M
TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June W,
ability for the utterance of his sentiments here,
insists that the Constitution leaves him, at the
same time, subjected to punishment which is ir-
rsgufeir and illegal, to be administered according
ij.p, the -suggestions of personal caprice or revenge
^-reasoning which, while it declares that no de-
jasrinient of the -Government has a right or a
fawer to inquire into an offense committed by
im here, yet contends that there is power in
-irresponsible persons and individual's, without
Jaw, to punish him elsewhere. Sir, it were bet-
ter to abolish the Constitution at once, if this posi-
tion is just and true. If we are liable to punish-
ment at the behest of power outside of the Sen-
ate, it is best to have that punishment ascertained
and defined by law, awarded by judges, and exe-
cuted by responsible agents of the law. I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Mississippi to
contend that, although, by the Constitution of tbe
"United States, the Senator from Massachusetts
could not be punished in any legal court or tri-
bunal for what he has said or done here, he never-
theless could be, and rightfully has been, pun-
ished in the present instance by private assault
and violence? By whom, and in what manner,
lists that punishment been inflicted ?
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from New York
will allow me, I will state what I meant. He will
■understand me as saying that neither the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, nor any other Senator,
is responsible in a court of justice, as for a libel,
for anything uttered on this floor; but he will also
understand me as taking the ground distinctly,
that, as a mail and as a gentleman, he is respons-
ible out of doors for what he says here person-
ally offensive to other people. In other words, if
I choose, on the floor of the Senate, to offer to
the Senator from New York a gioss personal in-
sult, as a man and as a gentleman, 1 am respons-
ible to him. The Constitution has never under-
taken to shield me from that responsibility.
While I say nothing of the conduct of other
gentlemen, I say for my self, that, if I offered such
an affrojit and tlie Senator demanded of mo sat-
isfaction, and I undertook to shield myself behind
the Constitution, all Christendom would say that
1 had acted meanly and cowardly.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not misunderstand the
honorable Senator from ^Mississippi; at all events
I am sure I do not intentionally misunderstand
him. I understand him to say that the State of
Rhode Island takes alarm unnecessarily and un-
wisely and unjustly, for the freedom of debate
in the Senate of the United States, under the cir-
cumstances presented on this occasion. Those
circumstances are simply those: that a Senator,
for words spoken in debate, has been assailed,
beaten, and brought to the floor of the Senate
Chamber, by the hand of a member of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to say to the Senator!
that [ treat the transaction which chanced to
happen in the Senate Chamber precisely as if it
had happened anywhere else. I attach no special
sanctity to tlus Chamber, except when the body
is in session. I prefer, as a mere matter of taste,
that this transaction should have occurred else-
where; but I say, [attach no special importance
to its happening here. If Mr. Brooks committed
any outrage upon Mr. Sumner, if his conduct
was cowardly, if he crept upon him and struck
him unawares, and thereby got the advantage,
Mr.Sumner yetsurvives;he lias a right to demand
personal satisfaction. If he demands it, and Mr.
Brooks refuses it, I shall then know where to put
my denunciation. But this, I say again, is a
matter of controversy between two persons, with
which I think the States of the Union have no
sort of connection.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the States of
the Union are deeply interested in having their
rights, their opinions, and their policies explained,
defended, and maintained in the Senate of the
United States, by their representatives. Those
rights, opinions, and policies, cannot be so ex-
plained, defended, and maintained, unless those
representatives are perfectly free and secure in
their persons, while attending the Congress of
the United States. Wliether they perform their
duties well or ill, whether they abuse the power
intrusted to them and the responsibilities with
which they are invested, or not, the Constitution
provides a way, and the only way, for ascertain-
ing and determining.
This is what I maintain. Now, sir, the Le-
gislature of the State of Rhode Island has chosen
to protest against any proceedings of either House
of Congress, or any consent of Congress.to screen
an offender who has violated the person of a Sen-
ator for words spoken in debate. The State thus
speaking, speaks, I think, as becomes a State
which values her own rights, and at the same time
is resolved to uphold and maintain law, order, and
the Constitution, public liberty, and the inesti-
mable fabric of civil government.
However this may be, I do not agree with my
honorable friend from Mississippi, that it is a
fair way of meeting this question to oppose the
printing of these resolutions. Rhode Island,
though one of the smallest States in the Union,
is entitled to speak to the Senate of the United
States with a voice as loud as that of the greatest
of her thirty sisters. This is the place, of all
others, where her voice is not to be stifled or
despised. Hitherto it has been held that a State
in her sovereignty was the judge, the supreme
judge, of the time, the occasion, the subject, the
placc, the manner, and even the language, with
which she should address the Senate, the council
of all the States. I would not begin a different
practice at this late day, and especially, on a
question of this kind; I would not refuse to listen
to a State which thus comes remonstrating against
any wrongful action which she apprehends on
the part of the Senate or the Congress of the
United States. These things take their turn. It
may not be long before some other State comes
here, and with language as earnest, gives its
voice of approbation to proceedings in the Senate
of the United States, favored by a majority of its
members. Some other State, holding a different
opinion, may, perhaps, speak in language which
may be thought too strong to be compatible with
the respect justly due to this assemblage of the
whole of the thirty-one States; and yet her posi-
tion may be such as to make it convenient for
the Senate to overlook the offense. For my part,
I like to see the States, all of them, always speak
out plainly, frankly, distinctly, and boldly. Not
only on tlus occasion, but on all others, I believe
that even error and passion may be tolerated
safely, when reason is left free to combat them.
Sir, 1 would not indulge any question about the
propriety of the language with which Rhode
Island addresses us on this occasion. I say here,
and always:
" JI('! (■'> a health to him that would read ;
Here's a health to hull that would write ;
For none ever fear that the truth should be told,
But lnm whom the truth would indict."
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I trust I shall
ever be found to go as far as he who goes furthest
in defense of the freedom of debate. I shall vote
against the printing of this paper, because the
Legislature of Rhode Island undertakes in it to
prejudge and to pass upon the conduct of a gen-
tleman in regard to a personal affairbetween him-
self and another. I should vote against it, if for
no other reason, because it contains a nnsrecital
of facts. This misrecital is not confincd to this
paper, but prevails throughout all the speeches
which are made at the North in regard to the
subject. What is the language here ? It speaks
of " the recent assault committed on the person
of a Senator from Massachusetts, on the floor of
the Senate Chamber of the United States." The
inference is—and it is so regarded and spoken of
at the North—that a Senator has been attacked
upon the floor of the Senate for words which he
uttered in debate in the Senate of the United
States. This is not the fact. This assault was
committed some time after the adjournment of the
Senate. The Senate Chamber is open to every-
bodyafter our adjournment. Strangers and oth-
ers, who are visiting the city, are constantly here,
andit is almost as public as Pennsylvania avenue.
The doors are open, free for the admittance of
everybody.
But the language is, that a Senator has been
stricken down upon the floor of the Senate Cham-
ber. Why, sir, if a Senator in this body were
to utter language personally insulting to a gentle-
man in Massachusetts, and twelve months there-
after the Senator returned home, and his constit-
uent, for the insult which he had given him upon
the floor of the Senate, should choose to cane
him, would you say that the Senate of the United
States was the proper tribunal before which to
bring the matter to punish the offender, who
thought proper to chastise a Senator for a per-
sonal insult? Certainly not. In this case the
Senate had adjourned. The difficulty took place
upon the floor of this Chamber, to be sure; but
the Senate was not in session, and the Senate
Chamber is a place where the public generally
assemble when the body is not in session. I am
not aware that, from the mere fact of the Senate
sitting here, this place is more sacred than any
other when the body is not in session.
The language which is here used—and I notice
it in almost afl the harangues which are made in
the free States in regard to this matter—is that a
Senator was stricken down on the floor of the
Senate, leaving the inference on the public mind
that a Senator here was making a spcech, and for
making that speech somebody came up to him,
cowardly, as they say, and struck him down-
Now, I apprehend that, if this transaction had
occurred anywhere else, no notice would have
been taken of it. If I had used insulting language
on the floor of the Senate, and returned to North
Carolina, where one of my constituents assaulted
me for language which I had used, the Senate,
perhaps, would never hear of it. I doubt not
that within the next twelve months Senators and
Representatives may get into many personal dif-
ficulties, and have many personal assaults in con-
sequence of debates that may occur in the two
branches of Congress during the present session.
Where are they to be settled? The courts of
justice will settle them as they settle other
questions of assault and battery. But, sir, this
case has been brought up here, and is to be made
use of for the purpose of carrying out the gen-
eral agitation of the slavery question, to fan the
flame, to make capital, to carry on the Kansas
excitcmcnt, which I see is coupled with this
transaction in these resolutions.
For the reasons which I have stated, and be-
cause these resolutions make an assault on gen-
tlemen, and pronounce their conduct cowardly in
relation to a matter which is one of a personal
character, I am opposed to making this paper
against those gentlemen a part of the records of
the Senate, or giving it countenance by voting for
its printing.
Mr. EROWN. There is only one point in the
spcech of the Senator from New York on which
I care to comment. He agrees with me that Sen-
ators and Representatives are not to be called to
account by libel suits for words spoken in debate;
but he goes further, and takes the ground that
they are not to be called to account in any man-
ner, no odds what they may say. He thinks that
a Senator may get up here, and offer any sort of
affront which he may choose to offer to a brother
Senator—may denounce in any manner, no mat-
ter how broad, a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives—may utter every sort of denunciation
against a private citizen,may belie, libel, and tra-
duce a sovereign State of this Union; and yet for
all this is protected by the Constitution, and that
to call him to account outside of the Senate is a
grave offense against the Constitution. So I un-
derstand the Senator. He nods assent.
Against all that doctrine, I enter here, in the
American Senate, my most solemn and emphatic
protest. I am willing that it shall go to the coun-
try that, if I offend the Senator from New York in
debate, I am responsible to him, not as a Senator,
but as a man and as a gentleman; I am respons-
ible to him out of doors, and the Constitution
has thrown around me no protection in that re-
gard. If I say of any man out of doors, who is
entitled to be recognized as a gentleman, an offen-
sive thing, I am responsible for having said so,
in my personal character as a gentleman. If I
choose to denounce the State of Massachusetts
in gross and offensive terms, or the State of Nov/
York, and one of her citizens calls mc to account
for it, as a man, as agentleman, I am responsible,
and the Constitution has given me no immunity
against such responsibility. The Constitution
has guarantied to me the right to say what I
choose in this Chamber. Though it may be libel-
ous, though it maybe grossly scandalous, though
it maybe in the highest possible degree offensive,
I am not to be called to account in a court of jus-
tice as a Senator for what I say here; but the
Constitution has given me no license to libel "all
the world and the rest of mankind;" it has not
guarantied to -me the privilege of saying to the
