1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
investigation ; and said committee, by their chairman, shall
have powerto admimsterall necessary oaUis or affirmations
connected with their aforesaid duties.
Resolved further, That said committee may hold their
investigations at such places and times as to them may seem
advisable, and that they have leave of absence fiom the
duties oi this House until they shall have completed such
Investigation. That they be authorized to employ one or
more cleiks, and one or more assistant sergeants-at-arms,
to aid them in their investigation ; and may administer to
them an oath or affirmation faithfully to perform the duties
assigned to them, respectively, and to keep secret all mat-
ters which may come to their knowledge touching such
investigation as said committee shall direct, until the report
of the same shall be submitted to this House; and said com-
mittee may discharge anysueh clerk, or assistant sergeant-
ut-arms, for negleet of duty or disregard of instructions in
the premises, and employ others under like regulations.
Resolved farther, That if any person shall inanymanner
obstruct or hinder said committee, or attempt so to do, in
their said investigation, or shall refuse to attend on said
committee, and to give evidence when summoned for that
puipose, or shall refuse to produce anv paper, book, public
record, or proceeding in their possession or contiol, to said
committee when sorequued,or shall make anv disturbance
wheie said committee is holding their sittings,"said commit-
tee may, if they see fit, causc any and everv such peison to
be arrested by said assistant sergeant~at-arms, and brought
before this House to be dealt with as for a contempt.
Resolved further, That for the purpose oi defraying the
expenses of said commission, there be, and heiebv is, ap-
propriated the sum of $10,000, to be paid out of the con-
tingent fund ot this House.
Resolved further, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to furnish to said committee,
should they be met with any serious opposition by bodies
of lawless men in the discharge of their duties aloiesaid,
such aid, fiom any military force as may at the time be
convenient to them, as may be necessary to remove such
opposition, and enable said committee without molestation
to proceed with their Idbois.
Resolved further, That when said committee shall have
completed said investigation, they report all the evidence
so collected to this House.
The question is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to introduce an
additional resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, Mr. RICHARDSON, and oth-
ers, objected.
Mr. ORR. I understand the Chair to announce
that the vote first to be taken is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Duxn.]
Now, if that proposition was entertained by the
Chair as a substitute for the original proposition,
I submit that the vote must first be taken upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Bennett,] which is an amendment
to the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana was not entertained by the
Chair as a substitute for the original resolution.
The Chair understood, and so stated, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The resolutions of
the gentleman from Indiana were offered as a
substitute for the original resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. They were not so enter-
tained by the Chair.
Mr. ORR. As the question now stands, then,
the first vote is to decide whether the House will
take the proposition of the gentleman from Indi-
ana in lieu of that of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Bennett.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. ORR. If that proposition should be
adopted, the question will then arise on adopting
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana in
lieu of the resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. ORR. The firstvote, then, is between the
two amendments.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana to offer his proposition as a sub-
stitute for the original resolution.
The SPEAKER. It was not entertained as a
substitute, but es an amendment to an amend-
ment; and the Chair so stated it to the House.
Mr. SNEED. I would inquire whether, if the
House adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, it will not then be necessary to vote
upon that as a substitute for the original resolu-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ORR. If the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana be adopted then, no vote can be
taken upon the proposition of the gentleman from
Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. That will have been passed
upon in the first instance.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. All of us, I sup-
Eose, want to understand what we are doing, and'
ow we are voting. As I understand it, the
question now before the House to be first voted
upon is between the amendment first offered by
the gentleman from Mississippi, which is to send
commissioners to Kansas, and the proposition of
the gentleman from Indiana, which is to send a
committee of this House there.
The SPEAKER. That is the first question.
Mr. JONES. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana be adopted, the question
will then be upon adopting the amendment of the
gentleman from Mississippi as amended, in lieu
of the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections.
The SPEAKER. That will be the question,
Mr. JONES. The proposition now immedi-
ately before the House is between sending a com-
mission out to Kansas, and sending a committee
to be appointed by the Speaker of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands
it. The Chair will state the question so that it
can be understood by the House. The question
is upon striking out the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi, and inserting in lieu
thereof the proposition offered by the gentleman
from Indiana. Upon this question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Dunn's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 104, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allen, Allison. Ball, Barbour, Barclay.
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bjllinghuist, Bishop, ftle-s, Bratl-
shaw, Bienton, Bulfinton, Burhngame, Jaines 11. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clink, Ezia
Ckuk, dawson, Cohax,Comi s,Covo(le,Cra2m,Cumback,
Damrell, llemy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis Day, Dean,
Dick. Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durtee, Edic, Edw.nds, Em-
rie. Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbeit, Granger, Grow,
Itobcit B. Hall, Ilatlan, llainso'n, II,mm, llukman, Tho-
mas R. Iloiton, V.dentine B. Horton, flowaid, lhigiistfon,
Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lener,
Mace, Matieson. McCarty, Mcacham, ICillian Miller, Miil-
waid, Moo)o, Morgan, Moinll, Mott, Muiray, Nichols, Nor-
ton. Andiew Oliver, Paiker, Pcttit, Pike, Pi ingle, Ritchie,
Rohbins, Roberts, Sage, Sapp, Scott. Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stianahan, Thoimgton, Todd, Tiafton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldron, Cadw.-ilader C
Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, and Woodwoith
— 104.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Biooks, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwaladci, John P. Campbell, Caihle, Caruthers, Ca^kie,
Chngman, fiowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cov,
Craige,Crawfoid, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Eu^tis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hums, Samp-
son W. IlariH, ThomasL. Harm, Herbert, Hoffman, Hous-
ton, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kennett,
Kidvvell,Lake, Letcher, Lindtey, Lumpkin, Alexandei K.
Marshal], llumphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMullm, Me&ueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morde-
eai Oliver, Oir, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson, Ruffm, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor,
Titppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warnpi, Wat-
kin", VVheeler, Wmslow, John V. Wnght, and ZoiheofTer
—91.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. Q,UITMAN said: Mr. Speaker, Mr.
Barksdale, called home by the illness of his
child, has paired off with Mr. Robison.
Mr. BENSON said: My colleague, Mr. Wood,
who is unavoidably absent from the city, has
paired off with a gentleman from New York, who,
on this question, would east a vote differentfrom
that which he would give if he were present.
Mr. HERBERT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denver, had paired off.
Mr. ETHERIDGE said that he had paired off
with Mr. Thurston, or he should have voted no.
Mr. COLFAX stated that his colleague, Mr.
Holloway, had paired off with Mr. Stephens.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mi. Pelton.
Mr. BISHOP stated that his colleague, Mr.
Pennington, had paired off with Mr. Rust.
Mr. GREENWOOD (when his name was
called) said: Mr. Speaker, it is known to the
House and the country that I am utterly opposed
to this proposition in all its forms. "Valine this
House has thq power to judge of the qualifica-
tions, elections, and returns of its members, it
certainly does not have the power to go behind
the law enacted by the Legislature of Kansas, fix-
ing the time and manner of electing a Delegate to
Congress, for the purpose of inquiring whether
the Legislature was properly elected -or not. If
this House ever had the power, which I deny,
Congress gave the Governor of that Territory1
the power to pass upon the returns and qualifi-
cations of the members elected to the Territorial
Legislature; and when he passed upon the ques-
tion, the door was forever closed against an in-
quiry by this House. The Territorial Legisla-
ture also possessing the same power, and having
acted upon the qualification and election of tho
members of that body, cannot be inquired into
by this House. The House may purge rhe polls
of all illegal votes, if any given, and report the
true number of legal votes given for the different
candidates voted for, and thus determine who
received the highest number of legal votes. Mr.
Speaker, 1 cannot vote upon the pending ques-
tion, having paired off with the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kunkel,] he being
in favor of the report of the committee, and I
being opposed to it in all its forms, as well as the
pending amendments.
Mr. ALLISON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Purviance, had paired off with Mr. Cullen.
Mr. VAIL stated that Mr. Williams had
paired off with Mr. Wood.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Wright, had paired off with
Mr. Albright.
Mr. CULLEN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Puhviance.
After the announcement of the vote,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said: The effect of the
vote just taken is to reject the amendment of the
gentleman from Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. That has been stricken out
by the vote of the House.
Mr. COBB. The only propositions now before
the House are the resolution of the committee
and the resolutions of the gentleman from Indi-
ana; and as, in my judgment, there is no prop-
osition before us which ought to be adopted, I
move to lay the whole subject upon the table;
and on that motion demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas'93, nays 100; as follows;
YEAS — Messis. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Hendley S.Ben-
nett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Garble, Caruthers,
Ca>kie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Crawford. Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Duwdcll, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Evans, Faulkner,
Fioienee, Thom<i« J. D. Fuller, Goode, Augustus Hall, J.
Mouuon Ilairih, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hcrbeit, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Liiidley,
J^umpkm, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel ri. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, rhelps,
Porter, Powell, Quitman, Iteady, Ricaud, Richardson, Ruf-
fin, Samhdge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William 11. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope,
Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, VaiJ, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Watknn, VVheeler, Whitney, Winslow, John V.
Wnght, and ZoUicoffcr—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Bulfinton,, Bui lingame, James H. Campbell, Lewia
I). Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Colfax, Comm."', Covodo, Cragin, Cuiaback, Damrell, Tim-
othy Davn, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,Dur-
fee, Edic, Edward?!, Emne, Flagler, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
Ilickman, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
aid, Hutiheton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCaity, Mcacham, Killian
Millet, Milhvcticl, Mooie, Morgan, Monill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pettit, Pik*,
Pimgle, Ritchie, Roblmis, Robeits, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stranahan, Tboringion,
Todd,Trafton.Tvr-on, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dton. Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Wa>hbum, Watson, Welch, Woodruff, and Wood-
woith—100.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Pending tho above call,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Eustis.
The question recurred on Mr. Bennett's
amendment as amended.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
