THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 29. 1856.
New Series. .No. 4.
repeal them m the bill sent to the House, though
clogged as that bill was with bad provisions which
made the rejection of the bill in the other House
ccrtain. If the Senate will agree to such a confer-
ence between the two Houses of Congress, as by
my resolution I have proposed, I verily believe
it would lead to a peaceablc settlement of this
question. We could then say to the managers on
the part of the House: " Hero, gentlemen, give us
your list of these laws that arc really wrong, all
those that we can agree are wrong, and we will
repeal them.'* If that proposition should be made
in conference, it would not be necessary for me
to make it in a separate bill. I desire, before we
go home, that we shall, in some form or other,
show ourselves willing to do justice; but I have
email hope that the majority of the Senate will
agree to the repeal in any shape.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if the occa-
sion were not a very grave one, I could find
amusement in the dialogue between the Senators
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] and Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin.] They come from slave-hold-
ing States, and they agree in refusing all aid to
us m arresting the extension of slavery in the
national Territories. They agree, also, in de-
claring that the prohibition of slavery, contained
in the Missouri compromise of 1820, was uncon-
stitutional; and they concur also in opinions
derogatory of the gentlemen here whom they
with manifest self-complacency call Free-Soilers
and Abolitionists; and yet, even here in our
very presence, they make bargains and stipula-
tions as to bow and when we, the aforesaid Free-
Soilers and Abolitionists, shall debate the ques-
tions they choose to raise m the Senate. By and
by, i shall expect to see them dealing even in
our votes to effect compromises between them-
selves. They take these hbeities with us in our
very presence, on the ground that we are fanatics.
One of them compliments me at the expense of
my associates, by distinguishing me as a leader
of the fanatics m the Senate.
Sir, I shall show you and them what sort of a
fanatic on the subject of slavery I am._ From
this statement, you can judge the fanaticism of
my associates. I am, with little caution, also
accused of treasonable*opinions and sentiments.
I will show you what soit of a traitor I am.
Hence you shall judge of the treason of my hon-
ored associates. Hear the evidence, and then
answer whether we could be convicted eveii of
constructive treason m your pro-slavery courts
of Kansas.
The first vote I ever gave in the Senate of the
United States was one to place at the head of the
Cabinet of the President of the United States the
honorable Senator at my right hand, [Mr. Clay- ;
ton,] the same who deprecates the reproach of I
seeming cooperation with Free-Soilers and Abo- ■
iitioEiists. Sir, he has told us to-day that Iree- j
Soilers are sometimes long-winded. However j
that may be, we are lirm men — men of perse- |
veranoe — we are sure-footed, we boast little of
speed, but we think we shall be found to have
bottom. Acting on the same liberal and loyal
principle, 1 afterwards casta vote here, the ^eftect
of which, if it had been sustained by a majority
of the Senate, would have been to raise the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
from the bar of New Orleans, which he so much
adorns, to the bench of the Supreme Court of the
United States. That it was not succcssful was
the fault, not of the Free-Soilers here, but of
others, into whose embraces he has now cast
himself, out of horror of those who then were
his supporters.
Were those votes disloyal ? You accuse me of
fanaticism—fanaticism on the subject of slavery.
I out the question to you, sir. [Mr. Butler,] to
you, sir, [Mr. Bayard,] to you, sir, and you,
to every Senator from a slave btate, to answer,
on your word of honor, as a Senator and a gen-
tleman, when I have gi\en heie even one sec-
tional or paitisan vote, other than on a question
which divided, upon principle, your^ section and
party from my own, and your constituents from
the people I represent? Whether the question
involved railroads, rivers, harbors, protection on
land or on the sea, fortifications or armed force,
to defend your homes, or your cities, or your
coasts, or even the payment of expenses incurred
by yourselves alone against uprising Indians or
invading foreigners, refer to your records, and
cast up into my teeth one solitary sectional, or
disloyal, or fanatical vote I ever gave in the Sen-
ate of the United States. Nay, more, sir; remove
the injunction of secrecy which makes your Exec-
utive Journal a sealed book, and show one vote
that I ever gave here, even when yourselves were \
divided, against any person nominated to any i
office, by any President of the United States, I
because he was a slaveholder, or because he
belonged to a section of the country or to a party
different from my own. Sir, my opinions are
always maintained here by reason and argument;
never by passion, prejudice, or retaliation.
Sir, honorable Senators are silent. Standing,
then, upon the character for equality, for justice,
and for loyalty, which I have built, to be a sure
foundation for myself, I can pardon the sensibil- !
ities of those who think that they are to suffer
contamination now by an accidental agreement
with me upon a question of vital importance to
the country and to the rights of man. The time,
you see, has been, when such association was
not offensive, because it was not useless to them.
That time is coming round again. It will have
come when the Government of our country shall
once more be intrusted to an Administration which
will protect and defend the Territories and the
States of this Union against force and usurpation,
let it come from what quarter it may. Wait, if
you please, for that time, now not far distant, I
think, and then, if my associates and myself prove
faithless to our country or to the Union, accuse
us of disloyalty and fanaticism.
Mr. President, there are two reasons why a
Senator might speak to the question now before
the Senate. First, that if possible he might by
argument bring the Senate to adopt his own opin-
ion. Second, that, failing in thi&, he might yet
exert on influence upon the opinion of the coun-
|| try. Neither of these reasons serves to justifyme
t; in sneaking. I have already said, during the
ate session of Congress, all that the question de-
manded from me, with a view to effect, cither
here or elsewhere.
But since I then spake, circumstances have
occurred, which, in the estimation of the Senate,
and possibly of the country, require that what
was then said shall be reconsidered. The first
circumstance is, that the President, not content
with the failure of the Army bill by a disagree-
ment of the two Houses, has assumed the re-
sponsibility of convening Congress to reconsider 1
that important subject. The second is, that
while in one quarter of the Senate there is a per-
sistent purpose to defeat the Army bill" again,
unless the House of Representatives shall recede,
propositions of concession and conciliation are
offered in another quarter, while, at the same
time, alarms of public danger are sounded in both
these quarters, calculated to induce the House of
Representatives and the minority of the Senate
to surrender the opinions to which they have
hitherto adhered so firmly. Now, sir. for my-
self, I have to say to the President of the United
Status, that neither his proclamation nor his
special message has aflected my judgment or
changed my feelings on this great subject in the
least. The President has done nothing which
t has made or will make me take one divergent^or
' even one hesitating step in the line of duty which
! I marked out for myself at the last session of
j Congress. 1 do not mean to say that he is a bad
I nian—but I do say, upon the responsibility of a
i Senator, and as a member of Congress, thegrand
i inquest of the nation, that he is an unjust and a
! tyrannical Magistrate. At the last session, I
1 found him employing all his vast and almost
boundless power and influence, as a civil Magis-
trate and the head of the Army, to establish not
merely unjust, unconstitutional, and tyrannical
laws, but an armed foreign and seditious usurpa-
tion, in the Territory of Kansas, organized for
the purpose of subverting constitutional liberty,
and establishing unconstitutional and despotic
slavery there. When called to account for that
gross violation of duty, the President avowed ,
and justified that usurpation. The House of
Representatives, unable to obtain an agreement
from the Senate on any adequate measure to
overturn that usurpation, and restore constitu**
tional freedom in tlie Territory of Kan-sas, as a
last resource inserted in the Army bill a provision
which practically prohibits the President from
employing the Army of the United States - to
enforce the tyrannical laws of that unconstitu-
tional and despotic usurpation. The Senate re-
fused even that small act of grace to the people
of Kansas; so the Army bill failed. That is the
true state of the case made up by the House of
Representatives and the Senate, at the late session
of Congress, and that is the true state of the case
between the two Houses as it exists now at this
extra session.
Now, sir, to the case thu<3 stated. If the laws
of that usurpation were as just and humane as
they are confessedly unjust and barbarous, I still,
deeming them the edicts of a usurpation, of an
armed usurpation, would not give the President
men, materials of war, or money, to enforce even
one of them. I know the value of peace, and
order, and tranquillity. I know how essential
they are to posterity, not to say enterprise. But
I know also the still greater value of liberty.
When you hear me justify the despotism of the
Czar of Russia over the oppressed Poles, or the
treachery by which Louis Napoleon^ rose to a
throne on the ruins of the Republic in France,
on the ground that he preserves domestic peace
among his subjects, then you may expect me to
vote supplies of men and money to the President
of the United States, to cxi eutc the edicts of the
Missouri borderers in the Territory of Kansas.
Next, sir, for the alarms which are sounded
forth throughout the Halls of Congress. The
President raises the key-note, by striking upon
the fertile string of Indian depredations. The
honorable and venerable Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] chimes in. Never, in his eventful life,
has he seen a period so portentous. And the
honorable Senator from Delaware seriously gives
forth the prediction that the Army must be dis-
banded, and the Union itself fall asunder. Sir,
it is a piece of executive stage management.
Congress is called back into the theater, the cur-
tain rises slowly, amid the jarring discords which
make the thunder of the political play-house, and
then the air is filled with signs and-ghastly
specters. Sir, I do not doubt that honorable
Senators are sincere. I know that sincerity is
easier and more practicable than dissimulation,
to all mankind. It is easnr and more natural to
me, and therefore I know it is more natural to
others. I therefore hold (as a general truth) that
j all men are sincere and honest; and 1 hold him to
| be merely afool, who esteems me to be otherwise.
! But, sir, these sincere Senators may dismiss their
! fears. They have been here now nearly nine
|l months. In this Senate Chamber the atmosphere
| has become thick, unwholesome,and oppressive.
We are like an animal inclosed in an exhausted
! receiver. The fresh, pure air, such as pervades the
I country, is exhausted, and we are pining, suffer-
j ing, and suffocating. No wonder that the light
! grows dim, strange and unnatural noises rumble
i in our ears, the pillars of the Capitol seem to us
to be tottering, and the very stars of heaven ap-
!; pear to be shooting from their spheres. Our im-
| agination is diseased by unwholesome confine-
; ment. That is all.
'i Sir, on the fatal day, the 18th day of August,
' when at high noon this Congress adjourned, I,
■1 too, went forth from the Senate Chamber, haunted
| by specters of discord which threatened to rend
I this country asunder, because the Army bill had
• \ failed; and these specters pursued me along: the
! j avenues and humbler pathway to my own quiet
ii dwelling on the bank of the Potomac, iusn 1
