1856.]
APPENDIX TO THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas and Slhvery—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. op Reps.
Having disposed of what should be the only I
practicalaquestions legitimately attaching to the
admission of Kansas, 1 come now to look briefly j
at some other matters—the hinderances which are
supposed to hedge up the way, and more or less
related to slavery—
 " The fruit
Of that forbidden tree, whose mortal taste
Brought all our wo."
The present Administration roust be held re-
sponsible for all present slavery agitation. Its
chief is a northern man. Its legal adviser also,
the reputed wizard behind the throne, is a northern
man. lthas evinced greatalacrity in plunging into
seas of trouble^ but not being a strong swimmer,
cannot extricate itself. Now it is embroiled with
Spain, with Central A«fterica, then with England,
Denmark, and France—provoking hatred and
incurable irritation abroad, without securing love
or respect at home. Regarded with universal
suspicion by almost the entire civilized world, it
has also aroused the hatred and defiance of sav-
ages whom it everywhere persecutes. If we were
in a war to-day, we have no nation that we could
reckon our cordial friend, unless we except Rus-
sia, the conqueror Y>f Hungary.- The leading
characteristic of the Pierce administration is to j
have the biggest quarrel with the smallest Power; 1
to do most when it says least, and least when it says !
most. Like "curs of low degree "when danger re- [
cedes it grows most belligerent. When its friends J
have occasion to brace up, and note its remark- i
ably big words, they are sure to be humbled by
the lame and impotent conclusion. It blows the
loud bugle, and then faints. When it gives no
warning, it is an " army with banners," and its
enemies are stunnedby the bombardment of Grey- i
town, or some Know Nothing postmaster. But
most unfortunate of all has it Deen in its spas-
modic administration in Kansas. If the bill es-
tablishing the Territory was properly character-
ized by Colonel Benton as a shilly-shally, willy- :
wonty, donty-canty law, certainly never had law
a more fit Executive. The only doubt is, whether |
it is more grossly wrong when it will or when it !
won't—when it don't or when it can't. While it
leaps for joy to recognize the government of
Walker, with- all its reprehensible atrocities, Kan-
sas, the foredoomed hostage of porthern subser-
viency, is disowned, and surrendered to the fire
and pillage, slaughter and plunder of slavery ex-
tensioniets. In every blunder,and wherever sink-
ing, the Administration gives out that the Con-
stitution and the Union are " buckled upon its >
back;" and appeals are made to our patriotism to
save the ship and the drowning northern rats :
together. Let us save the ship, and smoke the
rats out! Let the gutta-percha Democracy slide,
and save the Union! If the party can get along
■without the New Hampshire brigadier, the coun-
try will get along without his party.
The compromise measures of 1850 had secured
general, though reluctant, acquiescence. Some
parts were received with murmurs in the North,
and other parts with disfavor in the South; but,
on the whole, all men were straggling to submit
to the majority, or, as they were rather tartly
told, to " conquer their prejudices." Opponents
were too weak in numbers to disturb them, if
their friends had been content to let them alone,
but they, stretching them to meet a new exigency,
tore wide the wounds, still sore and scarcely
healed. The conventions of both political parties,
in 1852, resolved to abide by tuese measures.
That which nominated General Pierce declared:
"The Democratic party will resist all attempts at renew-
ing, in Congress or out of it, the agitation of the slavery
question, under whatever shape or color the attempt may
be made."
Many distinguished members of Congress
entered into a written compact to sustain no men
who did not sustain the compromise measures,
but, like the authors of the Koran and the Mor-
mon Bible, they were the first to receive inspira-
tion of new chapters, not only of greater license
and bolder innovation, but destructive of, or at
variance with, the original work. When Presi-1
dent Pierce was elected, the slavery questions j
were supposed to be finally hushed and disposed
of—in a state of repose, and not agitation. So
he thought when he proclaimed:
" B«t notwithstanding difference* of opinion and senti-
ment which then existed in relation to details and specific
provisions, the acquiescence of distinguished citizens,
whose devotion to the Union can never be doubted, has
given renewed vigor to our institutions, and restored a sense
of repose and security to the public mind throughout the
Confederacy. That this repose is to suffer no shock during
my official terra, if I have power to avert it, those who
placed me here may be assured."
Now, sir, that power or that assurance proves
upon trial unworthy of reliance. If one is good
the other is treacherous. My own opinion is
that both—
" are unco weak,
An' little to be trusted."
I When no necessity called for it, when the milk
i of concord pervaded the whole land, when even
i the Indians, who alone bore the banner of squat-
I ter sovereignty in Kansas and Nebraska, were
| all quiet, a new rule as to slavery in the Territo-
i ries was suddenly forced upon the country.
For this northern men are largely responsible.
Southern men did not start it; and if they had,
could nqt alone have carried "it. The old rule,
hoary with the frost of age, and sacred as the
work of our ripest statesmen, gave way to the
higgledy-piggledy patchwork of the progressive,
slavery-extension Democracy—a patchwork of
such curious complexion that, when held up to
the view of the South, it was all black, when
held up to the view of the North it was all white,
and very ingeniously blended for all intermediate
regions, but labeled everywhere " National."
For this the present Chief Magistrate must
be held responsible. No one will pretend the
measure could have passed if our northern Pres-
ident had withheld from it his support. It may
be true that he was puzzled as to which way he
should throw his influence; and when a man is
puzzled, the chances are equal that he will act
wrongly. Other aspirants for his place were fill-
ing their sails with the wind of this measure, and
he must accept or reject the issue—embark or be
left on the shore. A presidential aspirant," like
the Turk, bears no brother near the throne,"
and has no scruples about appropriating other
men's thunder. No one comes out so soft that
rivals do not strive to become softer. The Pres-
ident, therefore, rushed in and made himself
responsible for the passage and the approval of
this measure. If there is any merit in it, it passed
unrecognized even at Cincinnati; and, if there is
any evil, he has already confessed judgment, and
taken his receipt in the Blue Book for damages of
many of the Northern Democrats who voted for
the bill and were retired by their constituents to
private life. The Crown not only interferes with
the freedom of the elective franchise, but it un-
dertakes to reverse and set at naught the decisions
of the ballot-box, by the promotion of those con-
demned by the voice of tne people. Hendricks,
of Indiana, finds solace for the neglect of his
constituents in the General Land Office. McDon-
ald, of Maine, cures his griefs in a custom-house.
Shannon, of Ohio, is reaping his reward, and
dearly earning another, as the puppet Governor
of Kansas. Dawson, of Pennsylvania, declined
this presidential appointment, and would not be
caught in the trick of the jockey, who, to heal
the smart of one hard bargain, tenders another
still worse and greater cheat. Caesar Dodge, now
in Spain with twelve thousand dollars in his
pocket per annum, is fully consoled for any lack
of " distinguished consideration" in Iowa. Olds,
of Ohio, was too old for a clerkship, but fortu-
nately his son was not too young.
These examples furnish the evidence that the
Union was the authorized organ of the President
whe^t proclaimed salvation—I do not give the
precise language*—to gentlemen who might risk
pojitical fortunes upon the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
It is a confession of personal and official, private
and public responsibility. If the Hibbards, Wes-
terbrooks,and Ingersolls, have unsatisfied, growl-
ing judgments in their pockets, it only, shows
there are no more executive spoils upon which
to levy.
But, if some parties have not been backed up
who ran risks for our northern President, he also
failed of reward where he had risked all. His
scars go unrecognized. His latest works lie—
unrewarded. A certain noble poet has said that
"wrath and partiality" are the. first requisites of
a good historian. The President adopts this |
theory, and undertakes to combine the historian
I and politician, as may be seen in his last mes-
j sages, where, unlike Burke, he gave up to man-
j kind what was meant fgr party.
J On page 19 of the annual message, the Presi-
dent, making conspicuous allusion to the north-
ern States, says:
"Ithasbeen a matter ofpainful regret to see States, con-
spicuous for their services in founding the Republic, and
equally sharing its advantages, disregard their constitu-
tional obligations to it. AJthou^i conscious of their inabil-
ity to heal admitted and palpable social evils of their own,
and which are completely within their jurisdiction, they
engage in the offensive and hopeless undertaking of reform-
ing the domestic institutions of other States wholly beyond
their control and authority. In the vain pursuit of ends,
by them entirely unattainable, and which they may not le-
gally attempt to compass, they peril the very existence of
the Constitution, and all the countless benefits which it has
. conferred."
| When we have looked on that picture, we are
then asked to look on this:
" While the people of the southern States confine their
attention to their own affairs, not presuming officiously to
intermeddle with the social institutions of the northern
States, too many of the inhabitants of the latter are per-
. manently organized in associations to inflict injury on the
; former, by wrongful acts, which would be cause of war as
between foreign Powers, and only fail to be such in our
system because perpetrated under cover of the Union.
Is it possible to present this subject, as truth and the occa-
; sion require, without noticing the reiterated, but groundless,
allegation, that the South has persistently asserted claims,
and obtained advantages in the practical administration of
the General Government, to the prejudice of the North, and
in which the latter has acquiesced ?"
Was it not extremely cruel and ungenerous on
the part of the southern States to send the man
who exhibited such facile " wrath and partiality,"
in giving utterance to " the voice of history, so
suddenly to the rough winds of the Granite State ?
That men who have given utterance, even paren-
thetically, to some of the elemental truths of free-
dom, should be driven "outside pale of any
! healthy organization,"is what history has led us
| to expect. That Benton, Van Buren, and even
Cass, should be " let alone severely," or pursued
with merciless and unrelenting spite, is only the
doom of all who offend slavery extensionists in
any single point. Those who doubt are damned.
But to cast off" such a northern man as the present
t occupant of the presidential chair, the black cloud
of wnose record has no silver lining, who has
sounded all the depths and shoals of Yankee in-
1 genuity to please the South, is the " unkindest
, cut of all." Let the example commend itself to
northern explorers after southern generosity,
j It may be supposed that, in obtaining a new
candidate, the evil of the present Administration,
the spotted Bkin, is slougned off. Such is not the
fact. It is only another " northern man with
southern principles." The step is to the same
music, and the march under tne same banner.
There are no acts of President Pierce which the
conscience of the Cincinnati Convention does not
approve, and the President opens his window for
a ratification speech, and says ditto to the Con-
vention. The platform is made first; the man
afterwards. The bed of steel first issues from
the Democratic smithery, and then the nominee
is stretched or chopped to fit. It must be con-
fessed that Mr. Buchanan bore the operation
with fortitude, and he stands as square on the
platform as a man can who constitutionally looks
over the left. Not to do Mr* Buchanan injustice,
I quote from his reply to the Keystone Club,
w£o called on him on their return from Cincin-
nati, as follows:
" Gentlemen, two weeks since i should have made you
a longer speech; but now I have been placed upon a platform
of which I most heartily approve, arid that can speak for me.
Being the representative of the great Democratic party, and
not simply James Buchanan, I must square my conduct ac-
cording to the platform of that party, and insert no neu>
plank, nor take one from it. That platform is sufficiently
broad and national for the whole Democratic party."
The men who could not obtain the nomination
succeeded in foisting their principles into the plat-
form, and in distending it with an egg from the
Ostend nest. That class of politicians who " rush
in where angels fear to tread," are not on the
ticket, but they furnish the gems most richly set
in the Cincinnati platform, and are content. The
new nominee is no longer James Buchanan, but
an agent merely. He is not to do business on
his own account, but to carry on that commenced
by his rivals, who retire on crippled reputations.
Mr. Wise, of Virginia, in a public speech, claims
