1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to make a
motion which I know will require the unanimous
consent of the body, but to which I hope there
will be no objection. It is well known that the
subjcct on which the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois intends to speak is one which excites univer-
sal attention in the country—an attention which
is not entirely engrossed by that sex which has
the right of suffrage. The ladies feel greatly
interested not only in the subject, but, under the
peculiar circumstances of the case? in the orator.
I rise, therefore, to ask the unanimous consent
that the ladies who are waiting in the ante-cham-
ber may be admitted to the floor of the Senate.
I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. IIUNTER. I am sorry to interpose ob-
jection, but I think we had better adhere to our
rules.
The PRESIDENT. Xfthe Senator objects, the
motion cannot be received. /
KANSAS AFFAIRS. V
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, (S. No. 172,) reported from the Committee
on Territories, to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and
State government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union, when they have the requisite
population.
It provides that whenever it shall appear, by
a census to be taken under the direction of the
Governor, by authority of the Territorial Legis-
lature, that Kansas contains 93,420 inhabitants,
(that being the number required by the present
ratio of representation for a member of Congress,)
the Legislature may provide for the election of
delegates to assemble in convention to form a
constitution and State government, preparatory
to their admission into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatsoever, by the name of the State of Kan-
sas, with the following boundaries: Beginning on
the western boundary of the State of Missouri
where the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude
crosses it, thence west on that parallel to the one
hundred and third meridian of longitude, thence
north to the fortieth parallel of latitude, thence
east to the western boundary of the State of
Missouri, thcnce southward to the place of begin-
ning.
The convention is to be composed of delegates
from each representative district within the limits
of the proposed State, and each district is to elect
double the number of delegates to which it may
be entitled to representatives in the Territorial
Legislature; and at the election of delegates, all
white male inhabitants, who shall have arrived
at the age of twenty-one years, and shall have
been actual residents m the Territory for the
period of six months, and in the district for the
period of three months preceding the day of elec-
. tion, and who shall possess the other qualifica-
tions required by the organic act of the Territory,
shall be entitled, and none others shall be permit-
ted, to vote at that election.
It proposes to offer to the convention of the
people of Kansas, when formed, for their free
acceptance or rejection, the usual propositions
made to a new State on its admission in refer-
ence to the public domain, the grant of lands for
schools, a university, and public buildings* and
salt springs.
Mr. DOUGLAS addressed the Senate for two
hours and a half in explanation of the bill, and
on the general subject of the recent disturbances
in Kansas. His speech, which will be published
hereafter, was also a defense of the report of the
majority of the committee, a reply to the report
of the minority, and an animadversion on the
recent speech and course of his colleague, [Mr.
Trumbull.] The speech will appear m the Ap-
pendix
Mr. COLLAMER obtained the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask my honorable
friend from Vermont whether it is his desire to
speak to-day, or at some future day r It is now
late.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am prepared to^ speak
now if necessary; but I will act according to the
wish of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. When will the Senator de-
sire to speak?
Mr. COLLAMER.. I believe Monday and
Tuesday have already been assigned for special
orders, or else I should name one of those days.
Mr. SEWARD. With the consent of the hon-
orable Senator I will move that this subject be
postponed until Wednesday next, and be made
the special order for that day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. SEWARD. Before that motion is put, I
ask unanimous consent (and I call the attention
of the honorable Senator from Illinois to it) to lay
on the table informally, and have printed, a sub-
stitute which I intend to offer for the bill of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose there will be no
objection to that.
The substitute was laid on the table informally,
and ordered to be printed; and the question was
stated to be on the motion to postpone the sub-
ject until Wednesday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that question is
disposed of, I desire to say a few words. As the
Senator from Vermont will be entitled to the floor
when the subject comes up again, and some re-
marks have fallen from my colleague [Mr. Doug-
las] which I think should, receive a reply at my
hands, I prefer doing it now, as I can conclude in
a few moments all that I wish to say in response
to his lengthy speech.
I rejoice, sir, that in the discussion to-day a
better spirit has been manifested than wc wit-
nessed when this sub jcct was last before us. My
wishes arc, that discussion should be so conducted
as to avoid any allusions of a personal character.
If this had been done by my colleague, his speech
might have gone out unanswered. As it is, I have
a few words to say.
To the argument of the Senator's speech, and
his assault on the minority report, I have no reply
to make. That matter is in the hands of the
Senatorfrom Vermont, who is capable of defend-
ing it; he needs no assistance from me. But to
those personal allusions which concern me, and
me alone, I prefer now, before this subject passes
from the consideration of the Senate, to pay my
respects.
A complaint is made, and a serious one, that
the courtesies of debate were violated—that par-
liamentary usage was set aside by me in order to
assail the Senator's report. All I wish to say on
that point is to give a plain statement of facts.
The report, after it was made, was in the hands
of a committee over which I had no control—the
Committee on Printing. They brought it before
the Senate without my knowledge, and it was
about to pass from the consideration of the Senate
when I rose to make my remarks. Is it discourt-
eous, is it unparliamentary, when a subject is in-
troduced before the Senate and the vote is about
to be taken on it, for any member of the Senate
to discuss that question? Why, sir, in what a
condition shall we be placed if an individual Sen-
ator is to say when another Senator shall or shall
not speak! "Upon what meat" does my col-
league feed, that he is to fix the time and the place
and the occasion when remarks are to be made
on a subject legitimately before the Senate, and
without the cooperation of the person desiring to
be heard upon it? I recognize no such right in
that Senator or any other to determine when a
matter which has been brought officially before
the Senate, which has been presented to us by a
committee, shall be spoken of, and when it shall
not. And, sir, what was the fact about this re-
port of my colleague ? In advance of its delivery
to the Senate it was sent to Uiu city ofNewYork,
published in the papers there, scattered broad-
cast throughout the land; not accompanied by
the minority report—no, sir, but alone. Were
we to wait until my colleague should think proper
to come into the Senate with the bill which he
told us he was going to present? That would
leave it entirely within his power to delay the
discussion for a month or two months. He and
his friends have the control of the committee.
True, he had given some assurance that he would
introduce that billon Monday; but would it be
subject to discussion when he brought it in ?
Other special orders would have precedence of it,
and there was no telling, had tlie report passed
from our consideration, when another opportu-
nity would have been given to reply to it. There-
fore, it seems to me that I am not liable to the
charge of having violated* the courtesy of the Sen-
ate, much less any parliamentary rule, by having '
spoken at an improper time.
The Senator also alluded to a remark which I
made, that the minority of the Committee oh
Territories had no opportunity to examine this
report. I need not'speak on that point; the
Senator from Vermont will take care of it. It is
enough that I am willing that the statement of
my colleague should go to the country. Itshows
upon its face that there was no opportunity to
examine his report. It wa# voluminous, occupy-
ing, if I remember rightly, some two hours in its
reading, and no man, on barely hearing it read,
could be prepared to draft an answer to it. The
Senator's own statement shows that no favorable
opportunity was afforded the minority to examine
the majority report before it was presented to the'
Senate.
My colleague complains of a quotation which
I made from one of nis speeches, in which he is
reported to have said that he knew of no man
who advocated u the extension of slavery over a
country now free." Hesays now,that he would
have no complaint to make if the remainder of his
remarks made at the time had been quoted, and if
the words " by act of Congress" had not been
left out of my quotation. Now, " see how plain
a tale will put him down." I assert, in my place
here—the records will convict me if wrong—that
the words " by act of Congress" are not in -his
speech in that connection, or inserted in it as a
qualification of that remark; they are an interpo-
lation to-day, and would have been an interpola-
tion by mc if I had inserted them.
I wish now to call attention, for a moment, to
another position. I assumed, and I assume still—
and allow me to say that my colleague has nbt
met the argument—that the Missouri compromise
was applicable to the country which it covered
while a Territory, but only while a Territory. The
Senator has quoted to-day that remark from my
spccch; he has quoted from the Nebraska bill the
clause which says that the Territories organized
by it shall be admitted into the Union as States,
with or without slavery, as the people shall de-
termine; he has shown that that same clause is in
the Utah and New Mexico bills; but I say there
is no inconsistency between that provision and
the Missouri compromise, because the Missouri
compromise applied to " territory" only, and not
to States. He professes or assumes not to under-"
stand this position. Why, sir, the controversy
is not about slavery in States, but in Territories.
Now, let me show to the Senate how it was un-
derstood by my colleague himself, who in former
years held with me those same notions of De-
mocracy wluch he now calls Abolitionism" and
Black Republicanism. I acted with and supported-
him for years, supposing him to be a true Dem-
ocrat, standing upon the old Jeffersonian platform
of Democracy; and it never occurred tome at that
day that I was cherishing Black Republican and
Abolition sentiments unawares, but it seems that
1 was. Now, sir, let me give you his views on"
this point. I read from a speech delivered by
him in the Senate,March 13,1850. He is speak-
ing of the Wilmot proviso, and says:
" The Wilmot proviso in a territorial bill or a State con-
stitution ! What a confusion of ideas—a pei version of
terms! What is the Wilmot proviso ?—and why is the name"
of Mr. Wilmot attached to the measure ? One would nat-
urally suppose that it was an original idea, conceived, ina- ,
tured, and brought forward for the first time by Mr. Wilmot.
And so it was. It was not a prohibition of slavery m a
State constitution adopted by the people themselves. Such.
pioviMons and prohibitions were to be found ui the consti-
tutions of nearly all the tree States of this Union before Mr.
Wiiniot was born. It was not a prohibition of slavery in a
territorial bill, to continue so long as the Territory existed,
and leaving the people to do as they pleased when they
should be admitted into the Union as a State. This was
not the Wilmot proviso; for such a provision was to be
lound m ihe oidmante of 1787, and in each successive tei-
ruorial bill foj the northern «eetion of the Union, fiom that
peuod up to the tune Mr. Wilmot first saw the light, and
during his intancy and youth, even up to 1845."
He himself, then, construed the Missouri com-
promise, and the ordinance of 1787, which pro-
hibited slavery in all the territory to which it was'
applicable " forever," as extending only so lon^
as the region of country embraced in the prohi-
bition should continue under a territorial govern-
ment; and he repudiated the original Wilmot
proviso, because it sought to incorporate that pro-
vision into a treaty which we were to make with
Mexico, by which States, when they came into '
