1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
which he has so largely contributed to mislead and seduce
into rebellion and treason. Here is this precious confes-
sion : %
" f As to putting a set of laws in operation in opposition
to the territorial government, my opinion js confirmed, in-
stead of being shaken. My predictions have all been veri-
fied so far, and will be in the future. We will be, so far
as the legality is concerned, in the wrong; and that is no
trifle in so critical a state of things, and, in view of such
bloody consequences, it will be an invitation to the powers
that be to bring the Missourians upon us, in the assumed
character of vindicators oflaw. What consummate folly is
there not in such a move ? You will have seen Picrce's
message. Suppose we had occupied the ground I wished,
of the mere adoption of the constitution and the election
of officers only, for the purpose of applying for admission:
what would 1'ierce have to stand on, or how much of his
message would have been left? He is not the only man
who is backward and lukewarm towards us. For this
reason they say they cannot sustain us in the position of
resistance to the territorial government, and you will find, I
thmk, that Douglas will also take that ground; but I want
you to understand me distinctly that I do not talk tuus pub-
licly to our enemies. T may sppak my plain and private
opinion in letters to our friends m Kansas, for it is my
duty; but to the public, as you will see by my public letter,
I show no divided fiont.' "
I never received any such letter, and I wish to
make the correction, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. TRAFTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
THE ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
state, for the information of members present,
and of those who are absent, that I will on Fri-
day next call up for consideration the report of
the special committee to investigate the assault
ou Mr. Sumner, by Mr. Brooks, of this House.
Mr. BOCOCK. .Not the day after to-morrow ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; but I do not
expect to have a vote taken on the question
during this week.
Mr. BOCOCK. Postpone its consideration till
next week.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I give notice in order that
members who are now absent may be present.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I would surest to my
colleague that he postpone the consideration of
the subject until next Monday.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; then let it be
next Monday.
Mr. STEPHENS. I renew my motion that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes past twelve o'clock) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June Id, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I ask the
indulgence of the Senate for the purpose of cor-
recting an error which appears upon the report
of a recent parliamentary debate in which the
Earl of Clarendon took an active part. Injustice
is done to this country by the statement which
his lordship is represented to have made. I am
disposed to leave all questions of diplomacy to the
able Secretary of State who now manages our
foreign affairs, and our Ministers abroad. With-
out any desire to interfere with them, I hold it a
duty, when his lordship, on the floor of the British
House of Peers, makes a statement erroneous and
injurious to us, (which is republished in this
country,) to correct it. The effect of the repub-
lication in this country of such statements as his
lordship has chosen to make in Great Britain is,
to mislead not only his countrymen but mine.
The statement to which I refer will be found
republished in nearly all the important papers of
the United States;and I am about to read it from
the National Intelligencer of the 16th instant.
His lordship said:
" With regard to the Central American question, your
lordships know what weie the terms of tho Clayton-Bul-
wor treaty X thmk it impossible that language could be
more clear or more precise in its meaning than the lan-
guage employed m that instrument. [Hear, hear.] The
treaty sets foith that there should not be in future any col-
onization, any occupation, any fortifying or strengthening
of places not already m the possession of either country.
I do not see why there can be two interpretations of its
terms,"
If that were the language of the treaty—if that
were even a tolerably fair paraphrase of the lan-
guage of the treaty, I should not have com-
plained; but every man who is not perfectly con-
versant with the treaty will be astonished when
I do what I intend to do, place that language of
his lordship in a parallel column with the clause
of the treaty of which he professes to give us
the very words. Now here are the real words
of the treaty:
"The Governments of the United States and Great
Britain hereby declare, that neither one nor the other will
ever occupy, or fortifv, or colonize. oi assume or exurci&e
any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito
coast, or any part of Central America; nor will either make
use of any protection which either affords, or may afford, or
any alliance which either has, or may have, to or with any
State or people, for the purpose of ciectmg or maintaining
any such fortifications, or of occupying fortifying, or
colonizing Nicaragua, Co&ta Rica, the Mosquito coast, or
any part of Central America, or of assuming or exercising
dominion over the same."
Now read these quotations from the debate
and the treaty in parallel columns, and see how
the British Secretary of Foreign Affairs has mis-
apprehended, and so misstated, in the presence
of the British public and the world, the words of
the treaty:
Treaty, Lord Clarendon's Statement.
" The Government of the The treaty sets forth that
United States and Great there should not be in future
Britain hereby declare, that any occupation, any fortify-
neither the one nor the other ing or strengthening of places
will ever occupy, or fortify, not already in the possession
or assume, or exorcise any of either country."
dominion over Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, the Mosquito
coast, or any part of Central
America."
tie has first interpolated the words " in future."
There are no such words in the treaty. In the
next place, his lordship has interpolated other
words, which entirely change the whole construc-
tion and meaning of the treaty, to wit: " Places
not already in possession of either country." These
words are palpably added by his lordship for the
purpose of sustaining his own construction of the
treaty, which all just men must feel could not
possibly be supported by its plain language. It is
by these means that his lordship makes it appear
that Great Britain is not bound to abandon places
" already in her possession."
If this report of the noble earl's speech be cor-
rect, as it is published in the English papers,
it is an outrage upon all propriety, requiring no
further comment from me. What I think most
extraordinary is, that such just men as the Earl
of Elgin, a descendant of the Bruce, and Earl
Grey, both highly honorable and very able men,
who made no comment that was not worthy of
their position, and whose language was most am-
icable towards us—I say I think it most remark-
able, that men of their high intelligence should
have heard his lordship thus grossly misrepresent
this treaty between the two countries, and made
no attempt to disabuse the House of Peers or the
British public by referring to the language of the
treaty.
His lordship proceeds thus to speak of the
treaty:
" It was intended for a specific object; first, the con-
stiuctton of a canal, and then Us maintenance free for the
use of the world, prohibiting any encroachment on the
part of the United States and Great Britain, which were the
contiactmg and guarantying paiiieb ; but al! its provisions
were prospective ; and there is certainly nothing in it which
implies that we were to give up Honduras and Roatan, or to
evacuate or alter our position m any respect from what it
was before the conclusion of the treaty. It le impossible
that the very able man—Sir Henry Bulwer—who negotiated
the treaty on the part of Groat Britain, could have taken
upon himself without instructions—even without the
knowledge of his Government—to abandon any portion of
British territory or British interests/'
Here we have for the first time a new argu-
ment to show that the treaty did not give up any
existing British interest in Central America, be-
cause Sir Henry Bulwer was so able a man that
he could not have done it without the knowledge
or instruction of his Government! Then he
says:
" And so far from having done anything of the sort, he
made a smngent proviso, which was acknowledged by Mr.
Clayton, that the treaty should not touch Honduras, or affect
any of its dependencies."
kC When Mr. Buchanan came over to this country we
heard, for the first time, that there was an entirely new
interpretation to be put upon the treaty. It was no longer
to be looked upon as a prospective arrangement; but one
for the evacuation of British territory; and we were told
that we were to blame, and were the cause—I will not say
of a quarrel between the two countries, but of irritation
and complaint on the part of the United States, because w6-
had not fulfilled the engagements of the treaty by evacu-
ating all the territory we possessed in Central Aracrica. t
told Mr. Buchanan—what was the perfect truth—tbat that
was the first time I had heard such an interpretation put
upon the treaty. He replied that, in his country, there was
no doubt upon the subject."
The new reason now given for the British in-
terpretation, that Sir Henry L. Bulwer was too
able a man to have violated his instructions, re-
quires of me the proof of a fact which is incontro-
vertible, that Sir Henry, who was indeed a very
able man, was fully apprised by me during the ne-
gotiation, and before the treaty was signed, that the
word is occupy5' meant, not only to " take," but
to1' keep possession"—and, of course, that when
Great Britain bound herself not to occupy any
part of Central America she was distinctly under-
stood by us to bind herself not to keep any exist-
ing possessions she had then, as well as not to
make new acquisitions. 1 hold in my hand the.
original draft of a private note addressed by me
to Sir Henry on the 11th day of February, 1850,
more than two months before the signature of the
convention, on the 19th of April, and a week after
the first experimental projet which was signed
by us both, but abandoned because we could not
then agree about this protectorate. In this note,
referring to the clause in that projet which bound
both parties not to occupy, &c., I informed him,
" our projet^ signed by us on the Zd, which is to be
considered as i having never been madein case our
Governments do not approve it, did, in my opinion,
bind both parties not to occupy—that is, take, or keep
possession." The extraordinary precaution which
induced me thus to define an English word of so
plain a meaning—a meaning acknowledged by
every English author—now enables me to prove
conclusively that the British plenipotentiary per-
fectly well understood the meaning we attached
to the treaty, and he acquiesced in that interpre-
tation by making no attempt to deny it.
Sir Henry L. Bulwer will readily acknowledge
this fact, the proof of which I now adduce, be-
cause this is the first time Lord Clarendon has
thus appealed to the weight of his name to sustain
himself.
Here, sir, I say, is the draft in my handwriting
of the letter which contains that definition. And
here is the certificate, on the back of it, by a 
honorable a man as there is in the United States,
the present Attorney General of the State of Del-
aware, who was then a clerk in the State Depart-
ment, that this is the true original draft of the
very letter which was placed in the hands of the
British Minister. He says:
" I do hereby certify, that the within is the original draft
of a private note addressed by Mr. Clayton, Secretary of
State, on the 11th day of February, 1850, to Sir Henry L.
Buhver, from which I copied the letter which J know was
sent to Sir Henry on the Bame day; and further, that the
within draft was copied verbatim, and that the word 1 draft*
at the top of the fiist page, and the concluding paragraph,
are in my own handwriting.
GEORGE P. FISHER."
Then we have the fact, incontrovertibly, that
when the British Government bound themselves
that they would not occupy any part of Central
America, I had given them to understand dis-
tinctly, that they bound themselves, not only that
they would not take, but that they would not keep
possession of the country which they already
had.
Now, after all that, and certainly with the per-
fect means of knowing these things, the Earl of
Clarendon, while professing to throw the whole
blame on our Government of the controversy be-
tween the two, tells us that he is astonished at
the " new interpretation" which he says Mr.
Buchanan attempted to put on the treaty when
he contended that the treaty bound them not to
keep possession of the country after they had
agreed they would not occupy it!
This treaty was exchanged on the two papers
which have been published long since, and sent
here—the first a declaration on the part of the
British Minister, and the second my counter-dec-
laration. In order to secure the evidence of that
fact at the time, and immediately after the treaty
had been finally exchanged between us, (we had
been up all night,) befoie I slept I made a mem-
orandum which appears indorsed on the declara-
tion as published that, " thereon, [that is, on those
two papers,] without any further or other act*"
the treaty was exchanged. -
