52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
trary, it recognizes the validity of the entire code
cf laws enacted by the Legislature at the Shaw-
neeMission. It provides that it shall be the duty
of the judges, the governor, the marshal, the dis-
trict attorneys, the sheriffs, and justices of the
peace, to remain in office, and execute those v«ry
Jaws, in so many words. It will not do for the
Senator to shake his head. The bill is a part of
the archives of this Government. It will remain
a permanent record, to stare you in the face, and
convict every man who dares to deny that the
whole Free-Soil party in the House of Represent-
atives, with one exception, voted for a bill to
recognize the validity of these very laws.
Mr, WADE. As the Senator has alluded to
that bill twice before, I wish barely to put this
question to him: If the Republican party in the
Mouse, by voting forthatbilhafnrmed those laws,
did not the Senator's party, by voting against the
bill, or acting against it, disaffirm them ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator.
"We did not disaffirm them, for these reasons:
• By the organic law of the Territory, whenever
the Legislature passed an enactment it became a
law, with the approval of the Governor, without
being reported to Congress at oil. No affirmation
of the laws was necessary in order to make them
valid. If you bring in a proposition now to affirm
any law in j\nv Territory—Minnesota, Nebraska,
Oregon, or Washington—about the propriety of
which there is no controversy, I would vote to
lay it on the table, for the reason that no legisla-
tion is necessary upon the subject. You give no
validity by the affirmance, You do not impart
vitality to it, for it had all the sanctions of law
before such action. Our motion was to lay tins
bill on the table, and 1 votetl for the motion. It
had no effect in the affirmance or disaffirmance
of the acts: but the House of Representatives, by
their vote on the bill prepared by themselves,
have declared in so many words that those laws
are valid, and shall be enforced, with the excep-
tion of the criminal code. You affirmed that
slavery law, extracts of which weic read by the
Senator from Massachusetts to-day. Every Frec-
Soiler, every Fremont man in the House of Rep-
resentatives, voted to affirm those vi'ry laws in
regard to slavery which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts read and condemned to-day.
Mr. WAD ft!. Is the Senator claiming that he
lias chjuiLced sides with (he Abolitionists; that
they are m favor of shivei y, and he opposed to
St? Is that his position?
Mr. DOUGLAS. When (he Senior asks his
question, and takes his si-at, I will answer him.
Mr. WADE. [ put this question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Put the question and sit
down.
Mr. WADE. You say that this side of the
llouse voted to continue slavery in the Territory
of Kansas, and, therefore, you weie opposed to
their action. If they become pro-slavery by timt,
you become an Abolitionist, being exactly the
opposite.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My object is not to prove
that they become pro-slavery, or that I have bo-
come anti-slavery. My object is to prove that
they are not sincere when they pretend that they
wish to defeat the Army appropriation bill be-
cause of tiiose laws; but that they wish it for
blood, murder, robbery, civil war, for political
effect, instead of the repeal of those laws; that
they are opposed to the repeal of those laws, in
order to make political capital out of it, at the
same time that they condemn the laws m their
political speeches.
Sir, 1 have said that every man of that party,
with one exception, voted to recognize the validity
of those laws; that one has published a letter m
which lie assigns his reason for his vote, i find
the letter in the newspapers.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator; but he says we are opposed to the repeal
of tiiose laws. I want to know how it happened
this morning, on our endeavoring to repeal them,
that every member on the other side of the House '
voted to lay tlie bill on the table ? i
Mr. DOUGLAS. We passed a bill to annul |
them once, and sent it to the House of Represent- i
atives, and your majority would not take it up !
and pass it. We then sent the bill a second time, j
and your majority in the House of Representa- |
lives would not take it up. It was well known |
that the reason why you would not take it up I
was the fear that a few of your men would join
us and pass the bill. It was unnecessary for us
to send a third bill—twice, assuredly, was enough.
It is no excuse to say that our bill contained other
matter which you did not like in connection with
that repealing section. If you had insuperable
objections to the other matter, if it involved your
consciences or your judgment, you could have
stricken out all that you objected to, and sent us
the residue. You have had assurances sufficient
to-day that your action would have been con-
curred in by the Senate in a moment if you had
done it; and if your folks are sincere in desiring
these obnoxious laws to be- repealed, you will
take up our bill and certainly pass the repealing
section, whether you pass the remainder or not,
before twelve o'clock to-morrow. We shall now
wait to see whether you are sincere in trying to
get rid of these obnoxious laws. I believe, and
it is painful to me to be under the necessity of
saying that 1 have been forced to the conviction,
that you will nci permit these obnoxious laws to
be swept from the statute-book until after the
presidential election. 1 believe you have a dis-
tinct understanding that the repealing bill shall
not pass. It is the main plank m your political
platform for the ponding election.
But I said i would read an extract from a letter
of one member of the Black-Republican party of
the House who could not vote for your bill. He
says:
We passed Duns'* bill for Kansas yesterday in a very
objectionable manner. It has many good provisions but
eAtciuh the I'usitivi! >Uvo law over Kansas sunt Nubia-ika,
:md perpetuates slavery there until leT>8, and makes all
elnldien bom theiem up to that tune, of -'ave mother1-,
slave-. Tim w.i- too ttmeh tor me. J ha\e alwuv-. i-aui,
ami iiou- icpciit my pledges, that I will novel \,<>ro to i'<•-
o^ni/" slavery ; 1 will nevei vote to make any human bem/'
a .slave ; { will never vote to evtend slavery one single foot;
1 vwtl never vote for the fugitive -'lave law, or its externum
ovei any iiee tetriiory. I iheieloie voted against Dunn's
bill, solitary and atone of all our paity."
A Senator. Who is that?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Leiter, of Ohio. lie
shows m this letter that it was known and under-
stood, at the time when every member of the
Free-Soil party hut himself voted for that bill,
that they were voting to perpetuate slavery in
the Territory by continuing m force laws which
are so obnoxious to gentlemen now. It also ap-
pears from this letter that they knew that they
were voting on a proposition to make children
hereafter born slaves for life, and their posterity
after them, if born of slave mothers and removed
from th" Territory before 1858. The letter shows,
loo, that you all knew, when you passed that
bill, that you weie voting to extend the fugitive
slave law over Kansns Territory, with ail its
provisions, at the same, tune that the Senator
from Massachusetts, iu his speech to-dav, talks
of the barbarity of the fugitive slave law, of its
he.ivy and monstrous penalties in not allowing
food and raiment nnd water to be furnished to
the unibrtun.')te fugitive'. 1 will not repeat his
: doleful speech on that branch of the subject do-
■ hvered to-day. I wish bun to hear in mind that
cver}r man of his political parly m the House of
Representatives, with one exception, did every
act which he condemns, and is responsible for
every consequence which he professes to lament.
Do not misunderstand me on this point, f am
not complaining of the harshness or the injustice
of iho fugitive slave law. I believe it was a law
required by the Constitution of our country, and
I sustain il for that reason. I'ut with what face, 1
or show of justice or truth, can one of this Free-!
Soil or Black Republican party use and condemn ;
that fugitive law, when he knows that his whole j
party have voted for it willnn the last tlnee or '
four weeks ;
Then, sir, we find, upon looking into this '
question, that it 13 clear to the mind of every im • I
partial man, that while the Democratic Senate 1
desire to get rid of those laws which violated the 1
freedom of speech, and all those great and funda- '
mental principles of liberty and justice intended :
to be secured by the Constitution and the organic |
act, the Free-Soilers, for political effect, have ,
managed to perpetuate those laws on the statute-,
book m order tiiat they may use them for political ■'
effect after Congiess udjomns.
Mr.WADE. I should like to inquire how long '
it is since the Senator became convinced that ■
those laws were so obnoxious, and ought to be [■,
swept away. It is certainly since his first or
second report on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer that question,
I regarded those laws to which I referred as being
repugnant to the Constitution and the organic act.
I was entirely willing to rely on the judiciary to
make wise decisions on that subject 111 the annul-
ment of those laws. I did not believe that a law
infringing the freedom of the press was consist-
ent with the organic act allowing a decision of the
slavery question by the people themselves So
with a long list of those laws; but 1 did not deem
it any part of my duty, nor did I deem it neces-
sary, to wipe out those laws by legislative enact-
ment, for the reason that the courts would do it.
But when it was proposed here, I was entirely
willing to pass a declaratory act that they were
null and void, and should not be enforced, in
order to bring the men who hoped to make polit-
ical capital out of them to the test, and show that
you would never permit those laws to be blotted
out. You chns: to them as you would to the last
hope of life. If they had been blotted out, you
would have lost all your capital 011 the stump;
you would have been under the necessity of re-
writing all your stump speeches, changing the
tone of all your newspapers, and of making an
entire new plan of campaign for the presidential
election.
Mr. President, I have shown that the House
would not pass a bill to repeal the obnoxious
laws. I have shown that they would not take up
and act on our bill when we did pass it. Let usj
'trace this history a little further. In this very
proviso to the Army lull they have not even there
a repeal of the obnoxious laws. That very pro-
viso pieserves those laws in force as they are.
You do not even propose to repeal them in the
proviso.
Now, let me see what you have done by your
appropriation bills. You first put in a proviso
not to allow the judges to have their salaries until
they should dismiss certain prosecutions. Ifthey
dismissed the prosecutions for political offenses, •
they were to have their salaries; but when they
got their salaries, what were they to do? Of
course, go on and hold their courts, and try mur-
derers, thieves, robbers, and every man guilty of
crime. At last, yon receded from your condition
or proviso to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, and allowed it to become
a law. 1 will not say that the fact that it con-
tained an appropriation for your pay and mine
was any inducement for thus receding; but it so
happened that the bill on which you receded from
your provisoes, and passed, contained the appro-
priations to pay the governor, the judges, and all
the civil officers of the Territory. You have thus
voted money already to carry those laws into
effect. Your proviso .0 the Army bill leaves thein
in force, but says the President shall not use the
military power to enfoiee them. You leave them
in force; you make it the duty of the Governor
of the Territory to enforce them; you leave it to
the judges to enforce them; and by appropriating
for their salaries, you leave them on the statute-
1! book with entire vigor for them to enforce. You
[\ furnish the money to do it, and you only provide
i j that the President shall not use the military power
!i of the Government. Now, if you intended to blot
j; out those bad laws, would you have framed lan-
| guage of that kind r It is clear that it has never
ij been the intention to allow these laws to be blot-
!; ted out or repealed. Great skill was shown ir
• drawing the proviso to the Army bill in such n
, way as to leave the obnoxious laws in force, to be
• talked about on the stump during the campaign
j at the same time that you cripple the President
: and deprive him of the power of coming to the
j rescue of the civil authority. Hence, it is evident
; that the proviso to this Army bill is not designed
: to prevent the execution of those laws. You
. never intended it for that purpose. It was de-
signed to cripple the Army—not to prevent the
1 execution of those laws in Kansas, for you left
j them in force, you recognized their validity, you
i appropriated the money for the Governoi to en-
1 force them. You appropriated the money to the
! judiciary for the same purposes. You did evry-
| thing that could be done to aid the civil author-
| ities in enforcing them, but you would not allow
! the military power to be used.
| I am, therefore, forced to the conclusion, that
I by framing this proviso, thus guarded, to preserve
