694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
the Union, would not hare the right to regulate
this question for themselves.
Then, sir, 1 say he has not met my argument.
The whole controversy turns upon slavery in
Territories, not in States. I repudiate,as emphat-
ically as he does, the idea of interfering with
slavery in the States. If I' have mistaken the
Missouri compromise, I was led into the mistake
by the Senator's own teachings. But, he asks,
if I am right, why has he been charged with vio-
lating a compact? The answer is as plain as
the noonday sun. Can there not be a compact
an reference to a Territory ? Is not a compact
in reference to a Territory as sacrcd as if it were
made in reference to a State ? The Missouri com-
promise was to continue only as long as the
country north of 36° 30' north latitude remained
under a territorial organization, and beyond that
had no operation; but for that pciiod it was a
valid provision, or compact if you please.
My colleague charges upon me, however, that
I am engaged in a crusadc against the Democratic
party, and hurls at me again those insinuations
•which he took the liberty of making the other
day, that I am associated with Abolitionists.
Now, sir, I wish to put this matter right—to put
it down so that it shall never be reiterated or
heard of again. I have before me the Journal of
the last Legislature of the State of Illinois—a
Legislature the lower House of which was elected
after the Kansas-Nebiaska bill was parsed, and
electcd on the issue of indorsing the Senator's
conduct in repealing the Missouri compromise.
That was the great question in issue. He can-
vassed the State upon it. The Senators arc
elected for four years, one half going out every
two years. In the House of Representatives,
consisting of seventy-five members fresh from
the peopie, this resolution was adopted.
" Resolved by the House} (the Senate concurring heroin,)
That our Senators be instructed, and our membeis of the
lower House in Congress, m this Suite, bo respectfully re-
quested, to oppose any ami all efToiis havunr for their object
the disturbance of the compromise measures of 1850, in-
cluding the lugmvc *lave law.
"That the Missouii compromise ought never to have
been disturbed; ami that our Senators deserve the reprehen-
sion of tins House for so doing."
Forty-one votes were cast in favor of this reso-
lution, and there were but twenty-three against it,
only sixty-four members being present.
Now, 1 wish to say, in reply to the insinuation
which has been thrown out that I am associated
with the Abolitionists of Illinois, that, of the forty-
one members who voted for that resolution con-
demning my colleague's course, twenty-nine
refused to vote for me as Senator, and cast their
votes, with three or four exceptions, for his par-
ticularfriend, General Shields, or Joel A. Matte-
son.
Are these twenty-nine members Abolitionists?
They did not support nie, but—with some half-
dozen exceptions— they are the peculiar friends
and supporters of my colleague. Is not he, then,
associated with Abolitionists ? The same resolu-
tion would have passed the Senate but for the fact
that half its members held over, just as my col-
league holds over here, having been elected before
the Nebraska issue came up; otherwise the reso-
lution which passed the House would have passed
the Senate also, and been presented here as a
guide for my colleague's conduct; and yet the
principle of this resolution is now denounced as
Abolitionism, and a proposition is gravely made
on the lloor of the Senate, that we should both
resign and go before the people of Illinois. Now,
I desire to put that matter at rest, and to show
the absurdity of the proposition, though it is not
unlike many others which are made. I would
not undertake to answer it any further than it
was replied to the other day, but for the fact that
it is noticed in the official paper as if it were a
powerful argument in reference to the Kansas-
Nebraska question.
Now, what is the proposition? Look at the
coolness of the thing. My colleague was elected
before this issue sprang up in the country, while
he and I were acting together. He went out to
Illinois, and, through his friends, meetings were
held, and a decree went forth denouncing every
man as an Abolitionist or a Black Republican
who did not indorse the Kansas-Nebraska act.
I happened to be onG of those sitting at the peo-
ple's gate, who would neither bow down to, nor
reverence this decree, and if in erecting a scaffold
for me, like Haman of old, another shall be found
hanging on it, it is not my fault. [Laughter.] Sir,
sitting at the gate, I neither bowed down nor did
reverence to my colleague's new test, but thought
proper to stand upon the doctrines which he had
promulgated in 1849 and 1850, and the people sus-
tained me. On this issue I was elected, first, to the
House of Representatives; then, through the Le-
gislature, to this body; and now, after the elections
are over, after wehave fought the fight, and the bat-
tic is won, my colleague says," Let us have a new
trial." [Laughter.] He says to me: " If you will
resign"—having just been elected on this issue "
—" I will resign, too, and we will go before the
people." Is not that a modest proposition? Let
the Senator return to his constituents—let him
resign, and present this issue to them, and then,
if reelected, we shall stand on an equal footing.
He and I would both have been elected upon the
same issue, and then I should be willing to join
him and go before the people for a final decision
between us. I am not afraid to trust the people
of Illinois. They are sound upon this question—
they stand upon the Democratic platform erected
for them by his aid in 1850 and 1852. His prop-
osition to resign reminds me of an unsuccessful
client in court. I never knew one who was not
ready for a new trial if he could get it. The Sen-
ator has made this issue with me, and he has been
unsuccessful. When he shall have had his own
trial on it, and shall have succeeded, he will find
me ready to meet him.
The question is asked by my colleague, how
do I get over the fact that the elections were con-
tested in only seven districts in Kansas ? I never
placed my opposition to the acts of the Kansas
Legislature on the ground that the elections were
not contested. The position which I took has
not been met save by arguing to show that the
wrong, if one was committed, has been sanctified.
My position was, that the elections were carried
by fraud and violence originally, and that no act
of the men who were so elected, or of the Gov-
ernor, could sanctify that which was fraudulent
in its origin. You might as well attempt to sus-
tain in a court of equity a case having its origin
in fraud, as to uphold a Legislature elected by
force of arms, and in opposition to those who had
a right to be represented in it. That was my
position; and I illustrated it in my remarks the
other day, by saying that the instance was never
known—it would be a wonder of the world—
where tho usurpers themselves, who in this case
were the Kansas Legislature, decided that they
had no right to the authority which they assumed.
Does Louis Napoleon question his own authority
to trample on the rights of the people of France ?
He would no doubt certify that he was duly
elected; and so did the conquerors of Kansas
certify; so did Reeder, if you please. I am not
going to advocate him, but that docs not cover
up tho original wrong.
Tho question is, whether the elections were
carried by armed invaders from Missouri? The
fact that the contest took place in reference to
seven districts only proves nothing. Does that
prove that all the illegal votes were given in
those seven districts? Let mo state a fact: When
the census was taken in February there were a
little more than two thousand eight hundred
voters in the Territory: that is official. Tho
election was held m March following, and more
than six thousand votes were cast: that is also
official. Now, what right have you to confine
those illegal votes to seven districts ? None what-
ever.
The Senator denies that there is a scintilla of
evidence to show that the illegal voting ever ex-
tended beyond the seven districts. To-d.ay, in his
remarks, he lias admitted that there was illegal
voting, and there is not a scintilla of evidence to
show that it was confined to the seven districts;
but there is evidence that it extended to other dis-
tricts. It was exhibited on this floor by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I shall not travel over
that ground now; but the report contains no evi-
dence to show that the three or four thousand
illegal votes were confined to seven districts. The
majority report does not furnish it; while the
official action in taking the census, and in the re-
turn of the number of votes cast, shows the fraud.
But it is said that, if we allege this, we discredit
the action of our own Governor. My colleague
spoke of Governor Reeder, addressing this side
of the Chamber, as "your own Governor." Why,
sir, whose Governor was Mr. Reeder? Was he
not sent to Kansas as Governor by that party
which is now arrogating to itself the name of the
Democratic party—the Nebraska party, to which
my colleague belongs? How was he the Gov-
ernor of the free-State men ? He was the Governor
of my colleague's friends. Let him and them
sustain his acts; it is not for me to do it.
But, sir, wc are told that there is agreat objection
to repealing or annulling the laws of the 'rerrito-
rial Legislature. What is that objection ? That
children have been born; that marriages have
taken place under those laws; and that if we re-
peal them a great calamity will fall on the country.
Need it be said here, in the presence of the Senate,
that the repeal of those bogus laws will not have
the effect to make marriages void or children
illegitimate? No such consequences would follow,
and I supposed everybody here understood the
principles of law too well to imagine such a thing.
The marriages would be good in fact, and the
children legitimate, although the acts of the bogus
Legislature were declared nullities.
I am charged with misstating the report of the
majority of the Committee on Territories in an-
other particular. In my former remarks allusion
was made to tjic statement in the report that the
object of tho emigrants sent out by the aid soci-
eties was to " abolitionize Kansas as a means for
prosecuting a relentless warfare on the institu-
tion of slavery within the limits of Missouri,"
and I asked the question, where was the evidence
for this statement? I admit I did call for evidence
of that fact, and it has not been furnished. The
Senator says now that the report docs not state
any such thing, Out that the conduct of the emi-
grants sent by the emigrant aid society, in pass-
ing through Missouri, created apprehensions that
such was their design. I have the report before
me, and will read it to show which of us has stated
it correctly. The report says:
"These apprehensions increased and spread with the
progress of events until they became the settled convictions
of the people."
My colleague has asserted in this report that
they were the settled convictions of the people of
Missouri.
" The natural consequence was, that immediate steps
were taken by the people ot the western counties of Mis-
souri to stimulate, organize, and cany into effect a system
of emigration similar to that of the Massachusetts Emigrant
Aid Company, lov tlie avowed purpose of counteracting tho
effects, and protecting themselves and their domestic insti-
tutions from the consequences, of that company's oper-
ations.-'5
Here is a distinct charge that the organization
in western Missouri was for the purpose of coun-
teracting the effects of the operations of the aid
society, "and protecting themselves and their domes-
tic institxitionsfrom the consequences of that company's
operationsIf the emigrant aid society had no
such design, why say that the people in western
Missouri organized against such acts ?
My colleague has declaimed against treason,
and spoken of hanging traitors. Sir, does he
pretend to say that there arc traitors in Kansas?
He said that, in his opinion, if the free-State
men in that Territory go a little further, they will
become traitors; and intimated, too, that you
might find . traitors without going to Kansas.
What have the people of Kansas done that they
are to be called traitors? Tf they have committed
any wrong at all, have they not fallen into the
error in tho same way that I fell into Abolitionism
and Black Republicanism by following my col-
league's lead? Did he not say that the people
of the Territory of Kansas were sovereign—that
they had a right to regulate their own domestic
affairs in their own way? Has he not proclaimed,
even to-day, that the principle of the majority
report is, to allow the people of Kansas to settle
•their own domestic affairs in their own way ? If
they have taken him at his word, and organized
a government for their own protection, is he not
to blame for having led them into the error? Is
it kind now in him to speak of hanging them as
traitors when he himself has led them to commit
the treason? If they did wrong in attempting to
organize a State government, I know of no per-
son who has been so greatly instrumental in
bringing#it about as my colleague,
Mr. President, I leave the personal matters
dragged into this discussion by my colleague, and
which I regret should ever have arisen, for they
