684
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Sen
ate.
glorious national air of that proud empire is
forbidden and cannot be played in that country
at the present time without endangering those
who attempt it. f . .
But, sir, there are times when this spirit of free-
dom cannot be repressed; and at the close of that
remarkable siege in the East, the siege of Sebas-
topol, when the French army were called out to
make the final assault upon the Malakoff tower,
when every breach in the walls of that fortress
was spouting fire, and of the gallant men who
were to be led on to the assault, many were to be
led to death, and the survivors to victory, the air
of Partant pour la Syrie was spurned, and a call
on the sons of freedom to wake to glory ran along
the French lines so like shrieks for freedom, that
the glorious old war-song of Marseilles was poured
forth from the band, and under its inspiring strains
the French eagles soared over the Malakoff.
These shrieks for freedom, Mr. President, are
not to be disregarded. Those who utter them
cannot, with safely, be trampled under foot, either
in an empire or in a republic. They will be heard,
and it is wiser to hear and heed them than to sneer
at them. j
However the accounts which come to us from
Kansas may be exaggerated we at least know
this: that the state of things there now is, and for
months past has been, a shame and a reproach to
any people claiming to live under a government
of law; we know that the responsibility for this
state of things must rest somewhere ;and wherever
that may be, it bears with a weight too great
for human power to uphold. Woe unto the
Administration, woe unto the party, woe unto
the people, on whom this responsibility shallfall!
It will grind them to powder.
Two questions naturally suggest themselves in
this stagepf the discussion; and they are, first,
what is the cause of these fearful evils ? and,
second, what is the appropriate and fitting rem-
edy? In regard to the cause, there is great differ-
ence of opinion. We are told that a certain
emigrant aid society, incorporated by the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, has done much to bring
about the present state of things in Kansas. I do
not propose to discuss that question, for it has
already been examined on both sides by those
who affirm and those who deny the effect of the
doings of that society, and so fully discussed
that if those who make this assertion against this
society are satisfied to leave the discussion where
it is, I certainly am.
Another reason alleged to have brought about
the results so painful to all of us, is said to be
the unusual, the unheard-of efforts to induce emi-
gration from the northern and eastern States into
the Territory of Kansas; and there has been par-
ticular allusion to a colony which went from the
State of Connecticut, from the county and mostly
from the city and neighborhood of New Haven;
and the meeting which was held at New Haven
in connection with the departure of the emigrants
fronj that place to the Territory of Kansas has
been very severely criticised. Certain gentlemen
who took part in that meeting, although men of
eminence and character, well known on both
sides of the Atlantic—at least some of them—
have been held up to public reprobation in aman-
ner which seems to me quite unjustifiable. I may
remark, in regard to the colonies which have left
the eastern Stat«& to fettle themselves in Kansas,
that there have not been any of the unusual pro-
ceedings in reference either to the collection or
the departure of those emigrants, which have
been alleged on this floor. t)n the contrary, I
may allude with entire propriety, as an illustra-
tion, to the mode adopted at the time when the
State from which you now, sir, [Mr. Weller
in the chair,] are the only Senator—I mean the
State of California—began to be settled. To that
State, as we are all aware, there were large emi-
grations from almost all parts of the United
States, certainly from the eastern States, Con-
necticut as well as others. When the emigrants
were about to leave their home in the East for
their anticipated home in the West, it was very
usual to have public meetings and addresses by
way of bidding God speed to the departing emi-
grants; indeed, the contrary was unusual. So
here, there was a large body of these emigrants
&bout to leave from New Haven, to the number
of about one hundred. They had a meeting in
a church in that city—not on the Sabbath as has
been incorrectly stated, 1 believe, here, but in a
church it is true.
The meeting was called without any reference
to furnishing arms for these emigrants, nor did-
any of the gentlemen who addressed the meeting,
as I believe, know or suspect that the subject of j
arms was to be brought before the meeting until :
; it was called together. The company haa pro-
vided themselves, as they supposed, with proper
arms, as was usual when emigrants went to Cali-
fornia, or went to other distant parts of the coun-
try to form & new colony and make a new settle-
ment. But on this occasion it turned out that
thj3se arrangements which they had made for their
arms were ineffectual. It was stated to the meet-
ing that, in consequence of the failure of the con-
tract to furnish the arms, the time being fixed for
the departure of the emigrants, there might be
some embarrassments. Hence steps were then i
taken to secure arms for this depaVtjng colony, i
Then it was that certain gentlemen, who have
been made prominent since that time, made some
addresses on the subject; and I cannot see that
those gentlemen are worthy at all of the reproaches
, to which they have been subjected. All, I think,
will agree that, under the circumstances attend-
ing this departure, and under the circumstances
in which these men were sure to be placed after
their arrival in the Territory, it was right and
proper thaW they should go with weapons with
which to defend themselves from attack—not with
weapons to be used offensively against anybody,
but simply weapons with which to defend them-
selves, if it should be necessary, in the course of
events, to make personal defense.
I derive an illustration of the truth of this fact
from a remark made by yourself, sir, [Mr. Wel-
ler,] in debate ashort timesince. When a propo-
sition was before the Senate in regard to fortifica-
tions in the country, opposition was urged to an
appropriation for •erecting or repairing fortifica-
tions, and some allusion was made to its offensive
character in regard to other nations, that it would
be thought indicative of a hostile disposition to-
wards foreign countries, if we at this time erected
new or repaired existing fortifications. 1 remem-
ber well, sir, that you remarked, in reply, that you
had sometimes been so circumstanced that you
thought it proper and prudent to have arms for the
protection of your person, and that the fact being
known that you were provided with proper
weapons, to be used if you were assailea, had,
in various cases as you believed, been a protec-
tion from attack. And, sir, as you very correctly
argued, what was proper for an individual was
proper for a nation; and if the procurement of
proper weapons, knowing that they were to be
used only for purpose of defense, would b« a
protection to an individual, it was right and
proper that they should be used by a nation. If
right and proper to be used by an individual and
a nation, as 1 with entire confidence submit is
right, surely it is right for a colony of emigrants,
and there can be no wrong in it. 1 take a distinc-
tion, of course, between taking arms for the pur-
pose of making an attack on others, and taking
arms with which to defend ourselves. The
taking of arms to be used offensively I deprecate
as much as anybody: taking armB to be used de-
fensively is to be justified and commended-
Several gentlemen who addressed that meeting
have been alluded to as men who endeavored to
stimulate their friends to deeds of violence and
i murder. Among these are Professor Silliman,
i the Rev. Mr. Dutton, the pastor of the church
in which this meeting was held, and the Rev.
' Mr. Beecher, pastor of the Plymouth Church in
Brooklyn, New York. These men have been
held up very much to public reprobation for the
part they took in those proceedings. Now I ask,
if the tendency of their remarks was simply to
give aid to those men in this distant enterprise,
so that they could defend themselves, are these
censures justifiable? I am aware that it is in-
sisted that the tendencies of their remarks were
to stimulate those to whom they were addressed
to acts of offense and aggression. I must take
the liberty of denying it altogether; and I appeal
to what haa since transpired as evidence of the
it truth of what I declare. No individual who went
out at that time as a member of that party hag,
so far as I have known or heard, been concerned
in any act of aggression, any offensive act against
the peace, the property, or the life of any indi-
vidual whatsoever. That is strong evidence to
my mind that these men went out with a peace-
ful purpose, and that they took arms simply as a
precautionary, peaceful measure, with no design
whatever to do wrong or violence to any one.
Something, it seems to me, is due to the charac-
ter of these gentlemen themselves. Professor
Silliman is a man of wide reputation on both
sides of the Atlantic. His name is known and
honored wherever the light of science shines.
There is a daily beauty in his life which com-
mends to our notice and respect the highest
characteristics belonging to human nature. No
man illustrates, day by day, the courtesies, the
amenities, the proprieties, which belong to the
character of a gentleman and a Christian, more
than that man. He has been connected with
Yale College, one of the well-heads of science
and learning in this country, for more than fifty
years as an instructor. During the time that he
has been thus a member of this institution, more
than four thousand young men have received
instruction through him and the other members
of the faculty of that institution; and not one of
that large number ever received from him any
other than such influences as would do good the
world over.
In regard to the Rev. Mr. Beecher, he is rather
a common butt and a common object of sarcasm
'■ to gentlemen in some quarters. My acquaintance
with him is but very siight. I know something
of him, and I think the country knows something
j of him. Although hemayhavehisimprudencies,
his eccentricities, I submit th&t those who look
, at the deeds of kindness, benevolence, and large-
! hearted charity which are recorded in this coun-
try, will not read the history yery fully unless
i they see the name of that gentleman very gener-
1 ally connected with those transactions, ilet pesti-
j lence, or famine, or fire desolate any portion of our
country or of the world accessible to Americans,
and, sir, if that same gentleman, and the congre-
gation to which he preaches with so much effect,
and over which he exercises so much influence,
are not found as near the front rank, with as large
hearts and as open hands to relieve the miserable
and perishing, as any people in the world, I have
misread and misrecoilected what is before the
eyes of the whole^ommunity. If this gentleman
were to have no stone cast at him but by thoso
who had done more for their race than he has, he
will be much more likely to attain the age of
Methuselah than he will to suffer the martyrdom
of Stephen.
In respect to the Rev. Mr. Dutton, he is aman
well known to me and to my colleague, and I
could appeal to my colleague with entire safety to
speak of nim and of the congregation to which he
ministers—the people of his charge, as a clergy-
man and a peopla highly intelligent, moral, and
religious; as good lovers of peace, of order, and
of law, as any other clergyman and people in the
State of Connecticut, in New England, or in the
| United States. I am sure, if it were necessary,
[ my colleague would be happy to bear his testi-
; mony on that subject; for 1 am persuaded he is
i well advised of the truth of what I say in this
; regard.
i 1 hope, then,'that so far as the character of that
, meeting at New Haven is concerned, or the char-
acter of the gentlemen who have been prominent
in consequence of their addressing it, ir injurious
reproaches have been thrown upon them they
will not be considered as.deserveu. I will sayjin
addition, that the gentlemen who spoke on this
subject at that meeting, were, as I am informed
and believe, and indeed know, from the declara-
tions of seve/al of them, wholly unadvised that
they would be called upon to make addresses at
all, and spoke impulsively from their feelings on
the occasioifef the departure of a large number
of friends toil far distant land. If there had some
inadvertent remarks dropped from the lips of men
under such circumstances, I submit that it would
be neither just nor generous to -visit with re-
proach men whose whole lives had borne witness
for them up to that time. _ . •
Then, sir, neithwr is the Massachusetts Emi-
