54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
possession, and to consider them as referred in-
formally at the commencement of the next ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House, that the parties in
the case of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad
Company against the United States have leave to
withdraw their papers from the files of the House,
in order that they may be presented to the Court
of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. LINDLEY. Several bills were introduced
at the last session on the same subject as the one
which I now desire to report.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BARKSDALE. With the gentleman's
permission, I will occupy a moment in making a
personal explanation. In remarks submitted by
me to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on the 23d of July, I made use of
this language:
" Tho tabie above shows that eighty-fourof those who were
elected as Know Nothing;* from the northern States, voted
for Mr. Banks for Speaker; and the iccord proves that if,
upon the last ballot, the Know Nothing members of the
House, Messrs. Broom, Bayard Clarke, Cum,en, Henry
Winter Davis, Millwahd, and Whitney, who now fol-
low the fortunes of Mr. Fillmore, and who the day beloie
had voted for Governor4AiKEN, had adhered to him, be
would have been elected."
In justice to thcv gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] I will state that he voted for Mr.
Aiken neither on the day before, nor on the final
ballot. I was mistaken as to the fact.
AMENDMENT OF GRADUATION ACT AGAIN.
Mr. LINDLEY. 1 ask leave to report from
the Committee on Public Lauds, a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to graduate and reduce
the price of the public land to actual settlors and
cultivators," approved August 4, JB54.
Mr. LETCHER. * I object.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Tho gentleman from
Missouri states that the bill is founded on a me-
morial similar to that on which the report of the
gentleman from Alabama was founded, and I
make the same objection in this that I did in that
case.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to ask if the gentle-
man from Alabama has powers of attorney from
the various parties in whose behalf he professes
to act in his memorial ?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, f was delegated by
my constituents to discharge the duties of a faith-
ful representative, and I shall endeavor to so do,
Mr. LINDLEY. The gentleman from Georgia
makes a mere technical objection. If he will
look at the records he will find that a groat many
petitions have been presented on tho subjoet, and
that there are a great number of persons inter-
ested in the passage of this bill; ana because there
has not been time for tho presentation of new
memorials at this extra session of Congress, I
hope that the gentleman will not press his tech-
nical objection to deprive people of the legislation
which they desire, and which the Committee on
Public Lands report they are entitled to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The gentleman is
mistaken. This is not a mere technicality. If
the point be waived in this case, it must be in all
others, and all our committees would go to re-
Eorting. There are bills ponding before the two
Eouses in which my constituents are deeply in-
terested, and the consideration and passage of
which I am confident would not consume five
minutes. There is one bill which passed this
House and would, after a moment's considera-
tion, pass tho Senate; yet I have, in obedience
to what I believe to be my duty, resisted all gen-
eral legislation here, and appealed to my friends
in the other branch not to urge such legislation
there. I make no objection to this bill that I am
not urging against bills in which my own con-
stituents are interested. 1 cannot waive it in this
case and deny to my constituents what I grant to
others. If my point is well taken, I insist on it,
unless it be the will of the House to go to general
legislation. Then I shall make no objection to
the gentleman's bill.
Mr. LINDLEY. Then I understand the ob-
jection is to going into general legislation, and
not to the matter of the bill. Why is it that the
gentleman from Alabama cannot petition for gen-
eral legislation as well as anybody else ?
Mr. FLAGLER. I submit whether debate is
in order? I hope the Chair will decide the ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The petition purports to be
a petition of Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, a member
of this House, and presented by him as a mem-
ber of this House,. The Chair would refer to a
passage upon the 80th page of the Manual, which
is one of the rules of this House upon this sub-
ject, which requires that petitions shall be pre-
sented by a member and not by the petitioner.
The petition in this case is presented by the pe-
titioner.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I rise to a question
of order, and I wish to say, in justification of my
course and as a precedent for it, that 1 have, at
least half a dozen times, while the gentleman from
Georgia was Speaker of this House, presented
petitions in this way.
Mr. FLAGLER. I ask if the gentleman has
a ri^ht to present petitions in that manner?
The SPEAKER. It is certainly in conflict
with the Manual.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (at twenty-five
minutes after twelve o'clock.) It is very evident
that no business is to be done to-day, and I there-
fore move that the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that there
be a call of the House, and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken and it was decided in
the negAtive—yeas 86, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS — Messi>. Aiken, Alters, Barks-dale, Bell, llonry
Bennett, IlendleyS Bennett, Bowie, Kojtc, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John I'. Campbell, Caihle. C'askie, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Cmnins, Cox,
Ciaige, Ciawfoid, Cnilen, Davn^on, Denver, Dovvdell,
EdmuinNon, JCustis, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris*,
Thomas. I.. Harris, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Giancv Jonc-f, Kelly, Lak< , Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander Iv. Maishull, Samuel S.
Maishall, Matteson, Maxwell, Mc.Mullin, MeUueen, Smith
Miller, MillM n,MordeeoiOliver, Orr, Packer, Peek, Phelps,
Powell, (imtinan, Uicauti, Rufiin, Rust, rf.uididge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott,
Taylor, Underwood, Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, William?, VVinslow, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
cofTer— 86.
NAYS — Messrs. Albiighf, Allison, Rail, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Benson, Ihlhnghnist, Bingham, Bit-hop, Bliss, firad-
shaw, Branch, Hrenton, Builinton, James U. Campbell,
Lewih I). (5ampbf.ll, Chaffee, Bavard Claiko, K/.ia Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Cuuibaek, Dainrcl!,
Timothy Davis, Dean, I)e Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Dmfee, Edie, "Edwards, TCmrie, Hthendge, Gal
low ay, Giddnisr-s Gtancer, Giow, Italian, Haven, lloilowuy,
Thomas it. Iloitnn, Howard, Hughs-ton, Kelsey, Kmg,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlion, Knox, Knnkel, Leiter, Maee,
Humpiiiev Mai'-lull, IVIeCany, Kilhan Miller, Morgan,
jMoiriJI, Mott, Mmny, Norton, Paikci, Pennington, Pettit,
Pike, Poiter, Punglc, Ritchie, Robbing Roberts, Kobison,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spumei, Stanton,
Stiaiialian, Tappan, Thormgton, Thm-ston, Todd, Tial ton,
Vail, Wade, .\VaUmdge, YValdron, Kllihu B. Wa^hburne,
Israel Wa-hbmn, Welch, Wood, Woodiuff, Woodworth,
and Daniel' B. VVught- 98.
So a call of the House was refused.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Revolved, (the Senate concurring,) That so much of an act
entitled "An act making appropriation* for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th ot Juno, lb57,'' as
h contained between the enacting clause and the one bun-
dled and thirty-seventh line, be stricken out, and the tcm-
due thereof be declared parsed for the specified purposes
therein contained, and for no other purpose or purposes
whatsoever to wit:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Sta'tciof Jlmcrua in Congress assembled, That
the tollowmg sums be, and the same are hereby, appropri-
ated, out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated :
Foi the support of the medical and hospital departments
of the Army, $75,000.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant general's de-
partment at division and department headquarters, $400.
For compensation of the cierk and messenger m the office
of the commanding general, .$2,000.
For contingent expenses of the office of the command-
ins general, jJHOO
For armament of fortifications, $125,000.
For ordnance, ouinance stores and supplies, including
horse equipments for the mounted regiments, $203,000.
For the current expenses of the ordnance service,
$100,000.
For the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
$250,000.
To enable Thomas II. Barlow, of Kentucky, to manufac-
ture one of Ins newly- invented rifle cannon, for the purpose
of testing the feasibility of their use in the military or naval
service of the country, $3,000, to be paid to said Barlow,
from time to tune, as he progresses with the manufacture
of the same: Provided, That said cannon shall not be of
less caliber than a twelve-pounder: jJnd -provided further,
That the said Barlow shall give good and sufficient security
to the Secretary of War for the faithful expenditure of the
money hereby appropriated m the construction of said can-
non.
For arsenals, including the purchase of sites for new
arsenals of deposit in Texas and New Mexico, and for the
erection of suitable magazines and other arsenal buildings
in Texas, in California, in Washington or Oregon Terri-
tory, and in New Mexico, $230,157.
For repairs and improvements, and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry armory, $38,892.
For repairs and new machinery at Springfield armory,
Massachusetts, $38,000.
For the completion, including water-wheels and shafting
of the new water shops, grading grounds, and construction
of bridge at Springfield armory, Massachusetts, $60,000.
For surveys for military defenses, geographical explora-
tions, and reeonnoibsances, for military purposes, $25,000.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, $15,000.
For continuing the survey of the northern and north-
western lakes, including Lake Superior, $50,000.
For printing charts of lake surveys, $5,000.
For the Post Office extension, $300,000.
For arrearages prior to July 1, 1815, payable through the
office of the Third Auditor, under an act approved May I,
1820, in addition to the balance undrawn in the Treasury,
$2,000.
For pay, furnishing and maintaining with quartermaster's
stores and supplies, and subsistence of mounted and foot
companies of Florida volunteers, called snto the service of
the United States, $240,667 52.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the resolution. I
object to the appropriation for the Springfield
armory, or for any other place, unless the Army
generally is provided for. Linea one hundred and
fifty-three and one hundred and fifty-four appro-
priate a quarter of a million of dollars for ths
Springfiuld armory.
CORRECTION,
Mr. DOWDELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question. In the issue of the Globe
of this morning I find that my name is omitted
on the vote for the compensation bill. I voted
in tho negative, and ask, if the same omission
appears upon the Journal of the House, that ths
Journal be corrected in accordance with the fact.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentlemen from Alabama that he is recorded
upon tho Journal as voting in the negative.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say, that when
the vote was taken upon the compensation hill, 1
was confined to my room by illness. If I had
been here I should have voted against it.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER then called the committees for
reports; and none being presented, he announced
that resolutions were m order from the State of
New York, and that the pending question was
upon the motion to lay upon the tabic the follow-
ing resolution offered yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wakeman:]
Whereas, by the passage of "An act to resrulate the com-
pensation of members of Congress," approved August U>,
1806, it is made tho duty of the Sergeant-at-Arm.-> ol th*:
House to deduct trom the monthly payments of members
therein provided for the amount ot his compensation for
each day that such membershall be absent from the House,
unless such Repiesentative shall assign as the reason for
Mteh ab.-ence the sickness ofhun'-eli or of some member of
lu<? family ; and whereas the cn-tom heietofore practiced of
pairing off was intended to be broken up by the passage of
the aforementioned act: Therefore, be it
Resolved f That after the passage of the Army appropria-
tion bill for the focal yeai ending the 30th of June, 18«">7,
this {louse will not excuse any member from acting or vo-
ting m consequence of his having paned off, and that here-
after all notices hv members of pairing ofl'be entered in the
Journal of this House, stating the names of the members
paired off, the date, the length of time it is. to run, and the
reasons, if any, aligned for making such pair ; and that tho
Clerk furnish a statement of such entries to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, so as to enable that officer to make the proper de-
ductions from the monthly compensation of such members
so paired oil', as piovided for by section six of said act here-
tofore referred to.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York that he should modify
his resolution so that it shall take effect from and
after the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
question is upon the motion to lay the resolution
on the tabic.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMul-
lin and Walbridge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 74, noes 56.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to rceonsider the vote
