*422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
I have another objection to arbitrations of this
description. It is impossible to enforce the award
unless the losing party voluntarily submits to it.
If a decision should be made against England in
inference to this controversy, she might take the
very same course which she has adopted in order
to retain possession of the Bay Islands—miscon-
strue the agreement, and say the award is not bind-
ing. We ourselves did not consider the award
of the King of the Netherlands binding upon us
when the submission was made of the question
as to our northeastern boundary.
I say, therefore, that I do cordially concur with
the Secretary of State in tho course he h as adopted,
and unite with my friends from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] and Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] and other
Senators here, that it would be unworthy of us
to refer the question of construction to any prince
in Europe. I am perfectly willing to refer the
geographical question, whether the Islands called
the Bay Islands, are, or are not, dependencies of
Belize, or whether they are, or are not, adjacent
to ancient Guatemala, now called Central Amer-
ica, if that is their wish; but I understand Lord
Clarendon, in his correspondence, distinctly to
concede that these islands arc Central American
islands; and when he concedes that, in my judg-
ment, he gives up the whole question.
As to the President's recognition of Walker's
piratical Government in Nicaragua, I utterly con-
demn it, as I deprecated such a course before he
adopted it. We are justly liable to all the ani-
madversions of Lord Clarendon, and every other
Englishman, for such a self-degradation. I will
not—I dare not—defend it. I predicted fully the
disgrace which would attend such an act, and I
have not been disappointed.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
a volume containing an account of the incident
in relation to the acquisition of Bengal, to which
I referred I could not turn to the paragraph at
the moment, but I have since found it, and by
permission of the Senate will now read it. It is
the tenth volume of the Edinburgh Review, and
is contained in an article upon the life of Lord
Clive, by Sir John Malcolm. And a most ex-
traordinary incident it narrates;
iih adviee was? taken ; but liovv was the wary and sa-
gacious! Hindoo to he deceived ? ilc* had demanded that an
article touelmig Ins claims should be inserted in the treaty
between Mcer JalUer and tile En«h?h, and he would riot he
satisfied unless he saw it with his own eyes. Olive had an
expedient ready. Two tieatiOii were diawn up, one on
while paper, the other on led—the Conner real, tho latter
fictitious. In the former, Omichund's name was nor men-
tioned ; the latter, which waa to be shown to him, contained
a stipulation m his t'avoi.
" Hut another difficulty arose. Admiral Watson had
scrupJuH about t-igmng tho red treaty. Omichund's vigi-
lance and acuteriftM were such that the absence ot so im-
portant a name would piobably awaken his suspicions.
jBut Clive w<to hoc a man to do anything by halves. We
almost blush to write it. He forged Aduuial Watson's
name."
The sequel is told in a few but impressive
words:
" The new sovereign was now called upon to fullfil the
engagements* into which he had entered with his ullie«. A
conference was held at the house of Juaget Seit, the gieat
banker, tor the purpose of makiug the necessary anange-
ments. Omichund came thither, fully believing himself to
stand high m the favor of Olive, who, with dissimulation
surpassing even the dissimulation of Bengal, had, up to that
day, treated him with undiminished kindness. The white
treaty was pioduced arid read, Chve then turned to Mr.
Scraiton, one of the servants, of the company, and said in
English,1 It i--; now tune to undeceive Omichund.' ( Omi-
chund,' said Mr. Scraiton, m Hindo^ranee,4 the red tieaty
is a takc-in. You are to have nothing-' Omiehund fell
back insensible into the arms of hi* attendants. He re-
vived ; but his uund was irreparably ruined-"
Mr. TOOMBS. It was not my purpose to say
a word in reference to this informal conversation,
but the course which it has taken seems to render
it necessary. I do not wish to be concluded by
the position assumed by several Senators who
have addressed the Senate, and whose object
seems to be to make up an opinion in the coun-
try. Differing from the opinion which they seek
to make up, 1 deem it my duty to express my
dissent from one or two of their points.
I concur that the evidence is very good that the
weight of the argument on the construction of
the treaty is with the Senator from Delaware and
with his country. Such has been my judgment;
but I do not think the weight of the argument is
with him on the question of reference. There is
nothing in this case, absolutely nothing, which
excludes it from any general rule for referring to
arbitration international difficulties. If it con-
cerned the sovereignty or independence of the
country, if it was a right which we could not
afford to surrender at any hazard, I would not
refer it; but it is by no means true that the Nic-
aragua route is a matter of that importance to the
country which would warrant us in going and
taking it by force. We have the Panama route
now guarantied by treaty. There is another
which the Senate have declined, but which the
country can probably get at any time, still more
convenient. Besides, we have a continuous terri-
tory from here to the Pacific ocean, by which we
are able to reach our dominions on the Pacific at
pleasure.
1 say, then, there is no principle which excludes
this case from the general rule that in ordinary
cases it is safest, and the best and wisest policy,
when you differ on the construction of a treaty,
and national existence is not concerned, to refer
it to a friendly Power, and therefore I differ from
the Senator from Delaware.
I very much regret that the Senator from Mich-
igan, in the present condition of our relations
with England, departing from the real contro-
versy on which he has so frequently enlightened
the Senate and tho country, should make chargcs
that England committed frauds fifty years ago in
her acquisitions in the East Indies. I do not think
the time appropriate; I do not think the case good.
I do not consider it well calculated to promote
friendly relations; nor do I see any good to result
from such a charge at any time. Although I ad-
mit it to be a historical fact, I think that at this
time, and under the present circumstances, such
a chaige fiom a gentleman who has justly such
high consideration both in this country and in
Europe, is better calculated to produce evil than
good. It is mere crimination and recrimination.
That she is a Government of bad character—I
mean with reference to her acquisitions of terri-
tory—I heartily admit; but I think this is a very
bad time and bad occasion to say so.
I entirely disapprove of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Delaware with reference to the course
of our Government on the subject of arbitiauon.
I trust the Government has not taken the steps
which he supposes; or ifit has taken them, I hopo
it will retrace them. My objection to the treaty
has been immovable from the beginning. I con-
sider it much more worthy of abrogation, at the
risk of war, than of non-reference. That the
treaty was a bad one, that it ought never to have
been made, that it ought to be abrogated, I feel a
confident belief. I would at any time rather run
the risk of war to achieve a great national policy
by getting rid of it, than do so for the purpose
of refusing an arbitration.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have great re-
spect for the honorable Senator from Georgia, of
which I am sure he must be aware, as well as
the Senate; but I entirely dissent from him as to
the propriety of receiving the reproaches of the
English people and press without defending the
conduct of our own country or examining that
of England. There is not a ship which readies
here from Europe that does not bring us an ac-
count of unfriendly discussions in the English
press and Parliament, and among the English
people, reproaching us for what they consider
our everlasting and inordinate desire for annexa-
tion. The very last arrival conveys the inform-
ation that our recognition of the Government of
Nicaragua is attributed to a determination to ac-
quire that country, and also Costa Rica, and in
tact, I believe, all Central America. Now, sir, I
do not believe in the propriety of sitting still, shut-
ting; our cars and our mouth to bitter reproaches,
and when one check is struck turning the other
to undergo the same humiliation. The instincts
of self-defense teach us better, and teach us also
to examine the conduct of other nations and com-
pare it with our own, when ours is judged and
condemned. I think the President was right in
the message to which I alluded, when he referred
to the acquisitions of France and England as a
conclusive answer to reproaches directed against
us, and as constituting an equal ground of offense
on our part. And I think, also, that these mat- j
ters involved in our foreign intercourse constitute
proper subjects to be discussed m the American
Congress, before the American people. I do not
believe that such open and free discussion ever
did us injury, at home or abroad.
Mr. CLAYTON. Six years ago, the Senate
decided in favor of the treaty of 1850, by a vote
of 44 to 10, or more than four to one ! The very
ablest men at that time in the country, including
the Committee on Foreign Relations, with Mr.
King as their chairman, besides Henry Clay,
Daniel Webster, and other very considerable
gentlemen like them, voted for that treaty upon
full consideration and discussion of all its bear-
ings. I will stake their characters for wisdom,
and their opinions as statesmen, even against the
opinions and the statesmanship of the honorable
Senator from Georgia. I am perfectly content
to abide by the decision of the public, when that
public shall know the high standing and great
ability of those gentlemen who approved and sus-
tained that instrument. I would not court a com-
parison of the ten who voted against a measure,
to supply the necessity of which not one man
among them ever did, or ever can, suggest a sub-
stitute, and the forty-odd who sustained and ap-
proved that measure, comprising among their
number some of the most able statesmen and the
most distinguished patriots that this or any other
country ever produced. I have been too long ac-
customed to hear condemnations of this treaty
from a different class of men, to regard them as
at all now requiring any defense from me.
But, with regard to a matter more important
for us now to consider—the abrogation of the
treaty. "Why, sir, we have it not in our power
to abrogate it. We have it in our power, if we
choose, to declare by a solemn act of Congress,
or in some other way, that Great Britain has
violated the treaty; and then we may, at our
peril, take upon ourselves to refuse to comply
with it on our part. That would probably lead
to a war. Are we ready for it? I have said,
repeatedly, that the British Government has vio-
lated this treaty, and grossly violated it. That
is my opinion now; it lias been my opinion ever
since the President sent his first communication
at the beginning of this session to the Senate-
Ins annual message; but, sir, I have studiously
inquired what benefit we should gain by abroga-
tion. If I could see any I would consent-to abide
the consequences of declaring it null to-morrow,
though a war might, and probably would, be tho
consequence of if. What benefit can we gain by
such a course? How will it place us in any better
position ? The Senator has not attempted to point
this outto us, and he cannot do it. They have really
refused to carry the treaty into effect. So far as
regards them it is a dead letter. They say it does
not operate atall on any existing interest of theirs.
I should be quite willing to declare it null if ho
would show us how we could gain any benefit by
so doing. He will not venture to try that.
What would be our position if we could and
should abrogate the treaty? The British would
then, without any question, be in possession of
the whole of Central America, or as much of it
as they desire. They were really in possession
of nearly two thirds of it, certainly of more than
half of it, (Mr. Buchanan says of all of it,) at
the time the treaty was made. Since that, it is
true, they have, out of some respect to the treaty,
withdrawn a great deal of their pretensions; but
they still claim all the country between the Sars-
toon and Stboon and the Bay Islands, and claim
an indeterminate protectorate over the Mosquito
Indians, which is very difficult to comprehend as
existing within any fixed limits; for, judging from
the dispatchcs of the British Ministry, it is one
thing to-day and another thing to-morrow.
If the treaty were abrogated they would claim
all they claim now, and a great deal more. They
were, if we are to credit the dispatches of Mr.
Chatfield, on the very verge, at the time the treaty
was made, of extending their protectorate—nay,
they had commenced the extension of it down to
Bocca Del Toro, and even within the limits of
New Granada. They withdrew as soon as we
commenced an anxious negotiation on the sub-
ject; and if we were to declare the treaty abro-
gated they might, and probably would, not only
renew the claim, but in fact the whole isthmus
would be soon in their possession. That would
be the effect of the wise policy recommended by
the Senator from Georgia.
I have said again and again, and incurred some
censure for having said it, as it appears from
some newspapers, that if I could be satisfied a
decided majority of both brandies of Congress
would agree to enforce what is called the Monroe
