1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
doctrine in regard to this territory—if they would
really determine that Great Britain should not
remain in possession of this country, I would be
very willing to join them. But I have said, and
say again, that I have no evidence that such a
declaration would be maintained. I would not
myself be willing to maintain the declaration as
a general principle, but only in reference to this
part of the American continent; and only in ref-
erence to that, as I consider we should be justified
in taking such a course in consequence of their
having so outrageously broken the treaty.
Would the distinguished gentleman from Geor-
gia advocate the Monroe doctrine, and extend it
to Central America, after he had abrogated the
treaty ? Not he! Thenhe would give up all the
great—all the best passages across the isthmus,
to Great Britain. As to the Panama route, Great
Britain is not bound to protect it by anything but
the very treaty which he would get rid of! The
only other treaty which makes that neutral, is
the treaty with the insignificant State of New
Granada; and the neutrality under that treaty
extends only as far as the narrow strip embraced
in the province of Panama, which Great Britain,
were she in possession of the adjoining Central
American State of Costa Rica, as she would be
could she be free from the treaty of 1850, would,
in time of war with us, seize after less than a
three days' march ! He wishes, therefore, to give
up the whole isthmus to Great Britain, and he
evidently thinks it of no importance to us!
I say, therefore, I can see nothing but mischief
in the course he, and others who have expressed
the same sentiments long before him, recom-
mend. 1 will not detain the Senate on this sub-
ject, for I have, on a former occasion, fully ex-
posed the imbecility of such a policy. But, in
regard to arbitration: the honorable Senator from
Georgia says he would arbitrate the whole con-
troversy. The Secretary of State says he will
arbitrate the question of geography, but not any
question so plain as that which the Earl of Clar-
endon proposes to him, whether the word " oc-
cupy" means what they themselves understood
it to mean, as I have shown, and what every
dictionary of the English language says it means.
The Senator from Georgia says he concurs with
all the other members of the Senate, that the
American construction is clearly right, but still
he would refer it.
I concur with him that, as a general rule, I
would rather arbitrate than go to war; but not in
such a case as this, unless the referees should be
eminent and impartial civilians selected by our-
selves. The British Ministry have undertaken
to put a construction on an English word which
no one dictionary in their own language will sus-
tain. When the proof is overwhelming as to
what was the meaning of the parties at the time,
as it is here, it does appear to me that it would be
an insult to us to ask us to arbitrate before a
European prince such a question as that. I
could not have any confidence that they would
abideby the award, if made againstthem, as they
refuse to abide by an honest and fair interpreta-
tion of the treaty. A Government which is capa-
ble of so grossly outraging all the rules of inter-
pretation as they have shown themselves to be,
m my judgment would not hesitate, if the award
were made against them, to declare that they
would not abide by the award on some technical
objection or other, and thus throw us back pre-
cisely where we were before, still more seriously
jeoparding the relations between the two coun-
tries. I take leave of the question perfectly satis-
lied with the wisdom of the policy of Mr. Marc^
and the President in relation to this subject ol
reference.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to correct a most pal-
pable misrepresentation made by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who is not here
to-day. I would prefer that he was here, because,
if he were, 1 should certainly place him in a po-
sition from which he would not be likely to escape
■tferv well. I hold in my hand remarks purport-
ing'to have been used by him last Friday, either
superadded after he concluded what he did say
here, or misrepresented, or not understood, or
published by design—I do not know which. He
is not present; but I do not intend to submit for
a moment to allow these palpable, gross appeals
' to the prejudice of one section of this Union to
jjass without that kind of censuro which a sensi-
tive nature-at least would feel.
I quoted the constitution of South Carolina the
other day, and I said that Mr. Sumner, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, as far as he undertook
to do so, had not quoted it at all correctly, and
that the clause which followed the portion read
by him changed entirely the import of the whole.
His colleague, after perusing the constitution, has
not been able to understand it, or has willfully
misrepresented it, or has been misreported—one
or the other. Here is what he says:
"Mr. Sumner asserted what is in the constitution, but
there is an addition to it which he did not quote."
He did not assert what was in the constitution,
nor did he allude to the clause which qualified
the article. As far as he went he did not quote
it; and when he undertook to make a general
proposition he did not qualifyitby the only clause
that could have qualified it. It was the sxippressio
veri and the suggestio falsi* He did notunderstand
it, or he misrepresented it. Here is what his
colleague [Mr. Wilson] undertakes to say:
" The Senator might have complained because he did not
quote it j but the portion not quoted carries out only the
letter and the spirit of the portion quoted. To be a member
of the House of Representatives of South Carolina it is
necessary to own a certain number of acres of land, and ten
slaves, or $750 of income."
There is no such thing in the constitution of
South Carolina, and it never was in her constitu-
tion, as far as I know, from the beginning to this
time. I never said it was. He had the consti-
tution before him, and, in my opinion, he did
not, vipon the floor of the Senate, make such a
statement as that; but it has gone out in the
paper. Either the reporter did not understand
him, or he has misrepresented the constitution of
South Carolina; for that remark of his would
imply that a man, to be eligible to a seat in the
Legislature, muslbe worth, a.t least, ten or fifteen
thousand dollars' worth of property.
I do not intend to quote the constitution again.
I did say that the constitution of South Carolina
does not require as much qualification as Massa-
chusetts. It requires a settled freehold of <£150.
We know that a town lot entitles a young man
to go into the Legislature without any question;
but the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son,] has put it down here that he must have an
income of ^750. Where did he get that informa-
tion? 1 wish he were here. I do not intend to
submit to this representing to the public one
thing, and not saying it upon the floor of the
Senate. He either did not say it on the floor of the
Senate, and was misrepresented by the reporter,
or he has put it in since—he may take one of these
alternatives. There is no resisting the combina-
tions of design and ignorance, because he had the
constitution before him, and could notunderstand
it, or, if he could understand it, he has misrepre-
sented it. Now, sir, I wish this to go out to the
country—that there is nothing in the constitution
of South Carolina, which I quoted, in regard to
that matter, and he has interpolated it after read-
ing the constitution itself.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to submit a motion
to which I am sure there will be no objection.
There is a vacancy in the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution, arising from the expira-
tion of the term of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] as a member of the Senate. He
having been reelected to this body, I take it for
granted it is the unanimous wish of the body that
he should be reappointed to the Board of Re-
gents. I submit a motion that the Chair be
authorized to fill the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Pearce
was appointed. The Regents on the part of
the Senate are Messrs. Pearce, Douglas, and
Mason.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of the cor-
poration of Georgetown, praying for an appro-
priation for lighting High and Bridge streets with
fas; which was referred to the Committee"on the
district of Columbia.
Mr. WELLER. I present a memorial from
a large number of the citizens of Monterey, Cal-
ifornia, praying for an appropriation for a wagon
road from the frontier of Missouri to the Cali-
fornia line. As I have already, on behalf of the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
for the construction of that road, I move that the
memorial be ordered to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I present a joint resolution,
passed by the Legislature of the State of Califor-
nia, instructing the Senators, and requesting the
Representatives of that State, to take prompt
ana energetic action to secure the passage of a
law appropriating twenty thousand stand of arms
for the immediate use and protection of that
State. Some months since, 1 presented a reso-
lution passed by the Legislature of my State ask-
ing for ten thousand stand of arms. The whole
suoject has been before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and a bill was some time since
reported granting eight thousand stand of arms,
which it was supposed would be enough to
answer the purpose in view. The Secretary of
War is about to supply the United States Army
on the Pacific coast with arms and ammunition
which, with those proposed to be furnished to the
State, will enable the settlers to protect them-
selves either against a foreign foe or against hos-
tile Indians. I move that the memorial be laid
on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Some time since, on my mo-
tion, the papers of Mrs. Mary Dean were with-
drawn from the files of the Senate for the purpose
of being referred to the Court of Claims. Her
attorney has examined the case, and thinks it is
not a proper one for the jurisdiction of the court.
Itis now too late to have the case examined by a
committee at the present session. I desire, there-
fore, to have the papers re-introduced, and re-
placed on the files of the Senate. If it is necessary
to rescind the order withdrawing them, I will
make that motion.
The PR.ES1DENT pro tempore. It is not ne-
cessary. The papers will be received and placed
on file.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Purser McKean
Buchanan be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Abel S. Jack-
son be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and refcn«*l
to the Court of Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. GEYER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduceabillsupplementaryto the
act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas, and to provide for the faithful execution
of the said act in the Territory of Kansas, accord-
ing to the true intent and meaning thereof.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 344)
for the final adjudication of questions of title to
swamp lands between private land claimants in
the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes;
which was read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
RETROCESSION OP GEORGETOWN.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, submitted
the following resolution, which he presented, as
he said, at the request of Mr. Henry Addison,
the courteous and gentlemanly Mayor of George-
town:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia inquire into the expediency of receding to the State of
Maryland, Geoigotown and all that part of the District of
Columbia which hes west of Rock Creek, upon such terms
and conditions as will secure to Georgetown an amount of
money equal to that which was appiopnated for the benefit
of Alcxandna while it was a pait of the territory of the
District of Columbia; and that said committee have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, attd agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and ?oat
Roads b« instructed to inquire into th® expediency w
