1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
by which the resolution was laid on the table, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PINAL ADJOURNMENT AGAIN.
Mr. WILLIAMS, under the call of States for
resolutions, submitted the following:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Speaker of
this House, and the President of the Senate, do adjourn
their respective Houses of this Congress sine die on Thursday
next at three o'clock, p. in.
Mr. MILLSON. Is that a resolution that can
come in under the rule providing for the call of
the States for resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. It is a joint resolution in the
nature of legislative action, and in my opinion
does not come within the rule under which the
gentleman from New York offers it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It has been the practice
of the House, under this rule, to receive both
bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. MILLSON. That may have been £he
practice, but it is not the rule.
The 59th rule was read, as follows:
"Every order, resolution, or vote, to which the concur-
rence of tile Senate shall be necessary, bhall be read to the
Hourie, and laid on the table, on a day preceding that in
which the same shall be moved, unless the I-Iou&e shall
otherwise expressly allow."
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has remarked that it
has been the custom to introduce bills and joint
resolutions under the call of States for resolu-
tions. That is true; but it has been only to in-
troduce bills and resolutions of which previous
notice has been given.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is true as regards
bills and resolutions in the nature of legislative
action; but it has not been customary to give
notice of resolutions for the final adjournment
of Congress.
The SPEAKER. Under the 59th rule of the
House, the Chair is of opinion that it is compe-
tent for the gentleman from New York to submit
his resolution, and it is competent for the House
to direct that it be considered now. The Chair
will therefore submit the question. Is it the
pleasure of the House to consider the resolution
at tliis time ?
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be now put.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Rilhnghtlrst,
Bingham, Branch, Brenton, James II. Campbell, Carhle,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Chnginan, Flowcll Cobb, Coliax,
Comma, Covode, Craige, Ciawford, Cumback, Pamrel],
Davidson, Timothy Davis, [lean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Edwards, Emne, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddmgs, Gianger, Greenwood, Crow, Harlan,
Holloway, Thomas li. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Jewett,
George W.Jones, Kelsey, King,Knapp, Knowlton, Kunkei,
Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, l.umpkin, Mace, Mattesou, Mo-
Catty, MeMullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Parker, Pike, Porter, Powell, Pringle,
Quitman, Uobbins, Roberts, Uohison, ftuffin, Rust, sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thonngton, Thurs-
ton, Trafton, Wade, Wakeinan, Walbridge, Waldron,
Warner, CadwaladerC. Washburne, Ellihu li. Washlmrne,
Israel Washburn. Welch, Whitney, Williams, Winslow,
Wood, Woodruff," and Daniel B. Wright—110.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bishop, Bocock, Boyee, Bradahaw, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CaskiP, Chaffee,
Bayard Clarke, Williamson It. W Cobb, Cox, Culien,
Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Ethendge,
Eu=tis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
h. Harris, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Knight, Knox, Lake, Alexander K.Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Smith
Miller, Millson, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Peck, Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Ricauu,
Ritchie, Rivers, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Wmith, wil
iiam Smith. William It- Snuth. Snood, Stewart, Stranahan,
Svvope, Todd, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Wells, Wheeler,
Woodworth, John V, Wiight, and ZolUcoffer—70.
So the resolution was adopted
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Elliott, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. DURKEE stated that Mr. Purviance had
paired off for the day with Mr. Kidwell.
Mr. BOCOCK stated, in the same connection,
that Mr. Kidwell was detained from the House
by severe indisposition.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated, that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called he
should have voted " ay."
Mr. BOWIE stated, that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called he should have
voted " no."
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was then agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO CLERKS.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Joint Resolution authorising the payment of certain clerks
hi the Third Auditor's othco an additional allowance out
of the military contribution fund.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretaiy of War be, and ho it? hereby, authorized to
settle with and pay such clerks m theThiid Auditor's office
of the Treasury Department as rendered additional services
in the departmentot the military contribution account of the
war with Mexico, m the same runnnoi and at the fame rates
of compensation which i emulated hip payment to the clerks
of the War Department for similar services.
Mr. ORR. 1 object. It is not in order to in-
troduce the resolution under the call without pre-
vious notice.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. MACE (at twenty minutes after one
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. WHEELER. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wajs and Means be
instructed to leport the following bill for the supporfof the
Armv for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857, and that said
committee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to make a single sugges-
tion?
Mr. WHEELER. If the resolution is debated
it must go over under the rule. I decline to yield
the floor, therefore, and demand the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is this the same bill which
has been before the House ?
Mr. WHEELER. It is the same, leaving out
the Kansas proviso, and making a very slight
change in one of the appropriations.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that it is not in
order if it is the same bill.
Mr. WHEELER. It is not precisely the
same. It is changed in one or two particulars.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The bill was read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to propose additional instruc-
tions to the committee. I propose to add a pro-
viso after the first section.
Mr, ORR. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I insist on my point, that
the resolution is not in order. I hold that it is
not in order to introduce a bill substantially the
same as one already acted on by the House at
the present session. A bill introduced and finally
acted on is a bar to taking up a second bill sub-
stantially to the same effect. I object to this res-
olution, that, in this case, not only one but two
bills on the same subject have been defeated at
the present called session. It is now proposed to
introduce another of exactly a like purport. The
139th rule is as follows:
"The rules of paihamentary practice, comprised in
Jefferson's Manual, shall govern the House in all cases to
which thev are applicable, and m which they are not in-
consistent with the .standin? rnles and ordeis of the House,
and jomt rules of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives."
Turning to the Manual, I find these words:
«In Parliament, a question once carried cannot be quea-
tionpd again at the same session, hut must stand as the
judgment of the House ; and a bill once rejected, another
of the same substance cannot be brought in again the same
session. But this does not extend to prevent putting the
same question tn different stages of a bill; because every
stasje of a bill submits the whole and every part of it to the
opinion of the House as open for amendment, either by
insertion or omission, though tile same amendment has
been accepted or rejected in a former stage."
Now, the only difference between the bill now
proposed and those which have been voted down,
is the difference of less than one thousand dollars
in a bill embracing appropriations of twelve to
thirteen millions of dollars. I submit, then, a
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1857, having been finally acted on, that there is
no parliamentary piecedent, 110 parliamentary
rule or law, to warrant us in instructing the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill sub-
stantially to the same effect as the one defeated.
The rule cannot be evaded by the slight change
of a few dollars. The rule was made to guard
against surprise, and that the House might not be
harassed by constant repetitions of the same
question.
The SPEAKER. But one bill for the support
of the Army has been introduced at this session
of Congress.
Mr. STANTON. Two have been finally acted
on.
The SPEAKER. The second bill came over
from the last session. It was not introduced at
this session of Congress. One bill introduced at
this session of Congress has been defeated, but
the bill embraced by the resolution b«fore the
House differs from that bill in the very material
matter of wanting the proviso, which is the sub-
ject-matter of contest between the two Houses.
The language of the Manual read by the gen-
tleman — that a bill once rejected, another of the
same substance cannot be brought in—refers to
the provisions of a bill, and not to bills on the
same subject. The Chair is of opinion that the
resolution is in order.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, if any mem-
ber proposes to debate it, must lie over for one
day; and the previous question will have no effect
beyond cutting off amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
! lot me offer my amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the call
for the previous question is seconded, what will
be the effect ?
The SPEAKER. It has no effect in the pres-
ent condition of the House beyond cutting off
amendments. If debated, the resolution mustlie
over.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn
and Boyce were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 94, noes 93.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative; and the previous question is not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
dubdte this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution will go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does any gentleman pro-
pose to debate it ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I do.
Mr. HOUSTON. For the purpose of killing
the bill, of course.
Mr. WASHBURN. No, sir; but for the pur-
pose of getting an opportunity to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order
from the State of New Jersey.
Mr. GIDDINGS (at a quarter to two o'clock)
moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I understand that
the only ground of objection by the gentleman
from Maine was, that he might have an oppor-
tunity to amend the bill. I propose that, by
unanimous consent, the bill be introduced ana
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be open to amendment
and debate. Js there any objection to that ?
