638
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
Ac.,) provided that, until the expiration of that
session of Congress, unless provision for the
temporary government of the Territory should be
sooner made, all the military, civil, and judicial
powers exercised by the officers of the existing
government should be vested in such person or
persons, and exercised in such manner, as the
President of the United States should direct, for
maintaining and protecting the inhabitants of
Louisiana in the free enjoyment o£their liberty,
property, and religion.
Here was almost absolute power over this
Territory granted by Congress to the President,
and that President was Mr. Jefferson. Unless
they had such power, how could they grant it?
The exercise of the power, it is true, does not
prove its possession; but in this case it proves
what was the construction given at that day by
Congress to their power over the Territories.
The act of 1804, the year following, contained
certain provisions in respect to slavery, to which
attention has been previously called by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer.]
The tenth section of that act forbids the bringing
of any slave into said Territory from any port or
place without the limits of the Unitea States.
Another clause of the same section, forbids the
bringing into the Territory, from any place within
the United States, any slave who has been im-
ported since the 1st of May, 1798. Another
clause provides that no slave snail be brought into
the Territory, except by a citizen of the United
States removing into said Territory for actual set-
tlement, and being, at the time of such removal,
the bona fide owner of such slave. In addition to
other penalties imposed by this act for a viola-
tion of its provisions, it is provided that every
slave brought into said Territory in violation of
said act shall be entitled to, and shall receive, his
.freedom.
Here we have an example of the fullest exer-
cise of power by Congress over a Territory, and
that, too, directly upon the question of slavery.
The provisions of the act are of the most strin-
gent character. Under it, if a planter from any
slavehplding State, with one thousand slaves,
removed into the new Territory to settle with his
slaves, if it should happen that these slaves had
been imported after 1798, they.would all become
free on their arrival in the Territory, and the mas-
ter would be subject to a penalty of three hundred
dollars for each of his said slaves so taken to the
Territory. This loss and these heavy penalties
were to be borne, too, it will be remembered, by
men who, in the State from which they came, had
a legal right to those slaves, and a legal right to
import them into their several States in spite of
Congress, up to the year 1808.
Sir, where are the equal rights of the States
under such legislation if the right to transport
property from one State into a Territory is the
test of the equality of the rights of States? We
ask for no such stringent provision as this now.
It is far more stringent than anything which is
talked of at the present day. There is this further
difference: the owner of slaves could go into the
Territory of Louisiana with great prospect of
profit from the labor of his slaves, but I do not
understand that it is pretended that a man can go
to Kansas with slaves from a slaveholding State,.'
with any prospect of profit from their labor. The !
object is simply to carry out what is asserted to J
be a right, which is to be carried out even at ex-
pense if necessary. It should be borne in mind I
that the law of 1804, to which I have alluded, ]!
was not passed at a time when there were strong I
notions prevailing in regard to a central Govern- ! i
ment. It was in the palmiest days of State rights,
when Thomas Jefferson was President of the 1 j
United States; and It has been suggested, though j |
1 cannot vouch for its correctness, that he drew I
this very bill. j
Without pursuing this part of the subject fur-
ther, I conclude that Congress has ample power
to legislate for the Territories, as well on the sub-
ject of slavery as on other subjects. If it be
granted that the power exists, ought it to be
exercised ? and, if exercised, how ought it to be
exercised ?
My answer, most unhesitatingly, is, yes—
exercise the power promptly—put an end to
slavery in all tne Territories of the United States,
if it has any existence, and forbid its existence
within those limits so long as they remain Ter-
ritories. This is my deliberate judgment. I have
a right to speak of slavery in the Territories,
because, according to my understanding of the
Constitution, we of the free States are as much
responsible for slavery in the Territories as the
inhabitants of any State are responsible for the
existing institutions of that State. I believe
slavery in the Territories to be wrong morally;
politically an evil; practically a curse to the mas-
ter, to the slave, and to the soil where it exists.
I -would, therefore, blot it out forever. I would
use no violence or unlawful means to accomplish
the purpose—none are necessary. *
I am quite aware that it is utterly unavailing
to argue these questions here. I shall attempt,
therefore, but little in that direction, calling atten-
tion to some facts which illustrate my views. I
shall give but a few of my reasons for my be-
lief.
I ask, with equal respect for both of the States
to which I shall allude, the attention of the Sett-
ate for a moment to a comparison between the
two States of Pennsylvania and Virginia in cer-
tain particulars. I may remark of both that they
are large States; that they were early settled,;
that they are side by side; that, so far as natural
advantages are concerned, Virginia, beyond all
doubt, has many superiorities over Pennsylvania.
She is the larger State by some eleven millions of
acres. She was first settled. She has some two
hundred miles of seacoast. Pennsylvania has
no seacoast at all, and but one harbor, and that
a hundred miles from the ocean. Virginia has
numerous harbors, some of the best in the world,
indented by a great bay, and crossed by many
noble navigable waters. With a climate supe-
rior, a soil superior, and resources, I believe,
superior to Pennsylvania, what is the present
condition of those two Commonwealths ?
In 1790, Virginia had seven hundred and forty-
eight thousand three hundred and eight inhabit-
ants, and nineteen Representatives in Congress.
'At that time Pennsylvania had four hundred and
thirty-four thousand three hundred and seventy-
three inhabitants, and thirteen Representatives.
Sixty years afterwards, Virginia had one million
four hundred and twenty-seven thousand six
hundred and sixty-one inhabitants, and thirteen
Representatives; Pennsylvania, two millions
three hundred and eleven thousand seven hundred
and eighty-six inhabitants, and twenty-five Rep-
resentatives. We see that the one State including
its slaves has doubled in sixty years; the other has
increased in sixty years more than five-fold.
Notwithstanding the advantages of the sea-
coast, and the navigation to which I have alluded,
the foreign trade of these two States in 1853
showed these results: that Virginia imported from
abroad, $399,000 worth in value, and Pennsyl-
vania, |18,834,000 worth.
Now, I ask, what is the reason for these re-
markable differences between the two States ? I
make no comparison between them as to moral,
or iptellectuai, or other points, because I am not
competent to do so, and it would be invidious and
improper. 1 respect the two States alike as proud,
noole States; but their material prosperity ia a
fair matter of comment. What makes the differ-
ence between them? Virginia is a slave, Penn-
sylvania a free, State. Is there any other reason
than that slavery exists in the one, and does not
exist in the other, which has made this mighty
difference between these two States ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will give him the answer to his question
now, because that same comparison has been so
freqently made and so triumphantly answered,
that I am astonished at a gentleman who displays
the intelligence and ability of the Senator from !
Connecticut repeating that argument.
The reason is not because the laboring popula- j
tion of Virginia is slave and that of Pennsylvania j
free; the reason is, because the laboring population '
of Virginia is black, and the laboring population
of Pennsylvania is white. It is not the question
of freedom or slavery; it is the question of the
black or white race. No southerner ever pre-
tended that a negro was equivalent as a laborer
to a white man; but would the black population
of Virginia do more work, or add more to its
wealth, if it was a free black population, than as
a slave black population? That is the question.
It is not a question of slavery and freedom; it is
a question of the inferiority of race.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly, I always hear any-
thing from the Senator from Louisiana with very
great pleasure, because when he speaks to points
here he always speaks with intelligence, with
dignity, and like a gentleman; but, sir, with en-
tire deference to him, I do not think his explana-
tion removes the difficulty; for if slavery had
been abolished in Virginia when it was in Penn-
sylvania, do we believe that, if this black popu-
lation is the worthless population as compared
with the white which thegentleman suggests, they
would have remained in Virginia, and been the
laboring population of that State up to the pres-
ent time as they have been ? If the gentleman's
theory be correct—and I am by no means dis-
posed to deny it, at least to a certain extent—
would they not, must they not, so to say, have
been extirpated by the same hardy and produc-
tive white laborers? If so, is not the argument
just as good as though it did not depend, as the
gentleman says it does depend, on color, and not
on slavery or freedom? Abolish slavery, and
then we nave the competition of all labor, and of
course the best labor will get the places where
labor is to be done; and if the white race, as la-
borers, is superior to the black, why, in Heaven 'a
name, let us have the benefit, ana not put our-
selves under the incubus of a black population,
either slave or free. It does not strike me-that
the explanation of the gentleman removes the
difficulty at all, even if Ms theory is correct. I
must add, however, that I do not believe the white
laborers of Pennsylvania would accomplish more
than the black laborers of Virginia, if they were
slaves. Slavery destfoys all motive to labor.
Why should a slave labor any more than he can
help ? Let labor be voluntary, and be paid for,
and there is a motive to labor. Who shall say
that a black man is not susceptible to motive ?
But, Mr. President, if I wanted any illustration
of the evils of slavery in a Territory, I should
only look to the Territory of Kansas. What has
there been there but crime, and violence, and
bloodshed, since the first days of its settlement3
And this is the antagonism, as I have before had
occasion to remark,betw.een freedom and slavery.
Why should there be this antagonism on a soil
agreed not to be the proper soil for slave labor?
The gentleman from Louisiana's experience would
be much better than mine on that subject, having
been conversant with a milder climate, and know-
ing the productiveness of slave labor in his own
State, and how next to impossible it would be to
induce a Louisiana planter to go into Kansas with
j his slaves, with a view of making money. In
! that state of things, I ask, why should there be
this antagonism ? Why not at once strike at the
power of going into Kansas with slaves, when it
is merely an abstract right, if it is anything at all,
which I deny? ™
Mr. President, I urge this, not altogether on
the grounds of any sympathy or any professions
of extra philanthropy on my part in regard to
the black race, for I claim to be no better philan-
thropist than the gentleman from Louisiana. I
make no claim of superiority; and indeed it would
be much more modest in me to not, as I do not,
solicit any comparison; but I claim this for the
general prosperity of the State. Look at the con-
dition of Kansas now. If this contest goes on,
and it finajly should become a slave State, is it
not sure then (either because of the color of its
laborers, or because of the existence of slavery,
I care not which) to take its place below the free
States that may surroundit—far more belowthem
than Virginia is compelled, even for the reason
stated by the gentleman, to take a place lower, as
regards ner material product, than the surround-
ing free States. Why should this be imposed,?
I speak for the white race. I speak not only for
their material prosperity, but I speak for their
freedom of speech, for their freedom of the press,
for all those rights which are so dear to us, and
which, as it would seem, cannot be enjoyed in
this Territory, if it is to remain a slave Territory
and finally become a slave State; for, Mr. Pres-
ident, we have been told in regard to the laws
which have been passed there, that those laws
