698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Mr. MARSHALL. Let the yeas and nays
be taken then. I object to any other business
until that is disposed of.
The question was then taken on Mr. Vail s
motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past two o clock) the House
adjourned until Monday next, at twelve o'clock,
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 24,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to the printing
paid for by the Treasury Department during the
year 1855, not executed under the provisions of
the act of August 26, 1852; which, on motion by
Mr. Stuart, was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information relative to the improve-
ment of the bar in the Atchafalaya river; which,
on motion by Mr. Seward, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
-Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Edward
Little, collector of customs, Lemuel Eradford,
deputy collector, and Moses Bates, Jr., postmas-
ter at Plymouth, Massachusetts, praying for the
erection of a fire-proof building for tile accommo-
dation of the custom-house and post office at that
place; and, also, a petition of merchants and
others, citizens of Plymouth, Massachusetts, for
the same object; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of John
V. Barron, praying for indemnity for losses sus-
tained by him in the military service of the United
States il uring the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Deer Isle, Maine,
praying for the erection of a light-house on the
western entrance of that island; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also,sixteen petitions of citizens of Maine, and
three petitions from citizens of Massachusetts,
praying for the erection of a light-house near the
entrance of Old Harbor, on Swan Island, in the
State of Maine; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
John Hastings, surveyor and collector of the
port of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying to be
released from responsibility for an amount of
public money stolen while in his custody; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Bridget Maher, praying' compensation for board-
ing Cherokee Indians while attending at the seat
of Government ill the prosecution of their claims
against the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, in the District of Columbia, pray-
ing for an act of incorporation for the Citizens'
Bank of the District of Columbia, to be located m
that city; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Cad-
walader Ringgold, a commander in the Navy,
who has been placed upon the reserved list, pray-
ing to be restored to his former position in the
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of George Adams, a com-
mander in the Navy, who has boon placed upon
the reserved list, praying to be restored to his
original rank in the Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Dorcas Cary, widow of Peter Cary, a soldier in
the war of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, the memorial of Joseph L. Smith, pray-
ing that copies of the public documents printed
by order of Congress and of the Congressional
Globe riiay be furnished to each of the common
schools and school districts throughout the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present a petition of a
large number of shipowners, of Portland, in the
State of Maine, praying for an alteration of the
law of 1792, concerning the registering and re-
cording of ships and vessels. They ask for an
alteration of that provision of the law which ren-
ders it necessary for every owner to take an oath
of ownership. The petitioners state the incon-
veniences and difficulties which arise from that
requisition of the act. They pray for an altera-
tion so far as to render it sufficient that the man-
aging owner or ship's husband take the oath with
reference to the registry of vessels. I move the
reference of the petition to the Committee on
Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of first
class clerks in the Department of the Interior,
praying for an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance. .
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of New Jersey,
relative to the improvement of the harbor at Ab-
secom, and Great and Little ■Egg Harbor inlets;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in favor of the erection of a breakwater at
Cape May; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in favor of an appropriation for the bettor
preservation of life and property, and the more
efticient working of the Government apparatus on
the New Jersey coast, between Sandy Hook and
Cape May; which were oidered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in favor of the reinstatement of William
II. Montgomery in the Army as a brevet lieu-
tenant colonel, and of granting him a new trial;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in favor of the adoption of measures for
relief in eases of shipwreck on the coast of that
State; which was ordered to he 011 the table, and
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Floyd county, low?), praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Dubuque to
St. Charles, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUG-H presented a memorial of members
of the Indiana "Yearly Meeting of Friends, pray-
ing for permission to purchase other lands in
addition to those allowed them by the Shawnee
treaty, to enable them to maintain their school
for the instruction of those Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing for the adoption of measures to secure the
construction of a Pacific railroad; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF KANSAS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, shortly before I
left home to attend to the present session of Con-
gress, I received a k*tter, signed by members of
the convention recently assembled at Topeka, in
the Territory of Kansas, asking me if 1 would
present the constitution that they might form, if
they should transmit it to me for that purpose ?
I sentan answer that 1 would, but I added, " You
must not consider my willingness to present a
petition from American citizens as a pledge that
I will support your application. Before 1 will
pledge myself to that, I must look into all the
circumstances connectcd with your application,
your numbers," &c. In conformity with that
promise to them, 1 now present three petitions of
citizens of the United States, residents in Leaven-
worth county, in the Territory of Kansas, pray-
ing for the immediate admission of that Territory
into the Union as a State, and the constitution
which has been adopted; and I move that they be
referred to the Committee on Territories, and that
the constitution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ebenezcr Hitchcock, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Rinaldo Johnson, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested by Mr. Isaac
S. Smith, of Buffalo, New York, to ask that he
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers,
presented to the Senate at the last session, upon
which I think there was an adverse report. He
asks for this leave in order to present the case in
the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. Unless there has been
additional testimony since the adverse report was
made, it is not in order, under the rules, to with-
draw the papers.
Mr. SEWARD. I am not aware of there being
additional testimony.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
the motion.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Re-
beccaHalscy, submitted a report,accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Rebecca Halscy, widow of
Joseph Halsey; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading. The report was
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indians Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Louis Campau, submitted a report asking
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dent, Vantinc & Co.,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that leave be granted to withdraw the
petition and papers for the purpose of presenta-
tion in the House of Representatives; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom several petitions on the
subject were referred, reported a bill increasing
the'pay of certain 'officers of revenue cutters
while serving in the Navy of the United States;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Purser Samuel
Forrest, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read a first time and ordeivd to a second reading.
He submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial of
J. L. Elliott, asked to be discharged from itsfur-
thcr consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Davidson,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Martha Morris,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it he referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the some committee, to whom
were referred the resolutions of the Legislature of
California, relative to the appointment of pension
| agents in that State, asked to be discharged from
I their further consideration, on the ground that the
j Secretary of the Interior, by the existing law, has
power to do what the resolutions ask for.
The comm ittee were discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Susannah Codding-
ton, of John Woodworth, of Joshua Webb, of
Reuben Clough, and of Orson Young, submitted
adverse reports; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Huldah
Butler, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
