56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
your
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object. The
gentleman from Georgia, and ins friends, ob-
jected to having my amendment read a while
ago.
Mr. COBB. I was in favor of liavin;
amendment read.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be
requested to inform this House what amounts of the public
moneys have been expended, since the 1st day of July last,
for each of the purposes contemplated by the bill known as
the Army appropriation bsil, now pending under disagree-
ment between the two Houses of Congress, mid out of
what funds or appropriations and the particular sources fiom
which buch amounts were derived and paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to debate that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as the resolution
calls $>r information from one of the Depart-
ments, it lies over one day.
Mr. VAIL. I offer a resolution, which I send
to the Clerk, and upon it I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House
adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Barclay, Iienry Ben-
nett, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bins, Biadsbaw,
B ronton, Huffinton, Ezra Clatlt, Colfax, Coinins, Cragm,
Cmnback, DamrclJ, Dean, Dodd, Durl'ce, Bdie, Emrie,
Planter, Galloway, Giddinys, Granger, Grow, Harlan, llol-
lovvay, Hovvanl, Kel&ey, Kin};, Kuapp, Knovvlton, ICunkel,
Mace, Matteson, Killuui Miner, Moijjan, Morrill, Murray,
Andnnv Ohvei, Parkei, Pelton, Punglo, Ritchie, fiobwui,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Shemtan, Spinner, Stanton, ►Stephens,
Stranalian, Tappan, Tnuion, Tyson, Wade, W'akeman,
VValbndge, YValdion, Cu.hvahuler C. Wa-hbmne, Israel
Washburn, Welch, Wood, and Woodiuff—!>7.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allison, Ball, Barksdale,
Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Benson, Boeoek, Bowie, Bovee,
Branch, Burnett, Cadwahider, Jame* II Campbell, John
r. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caihle, Ca^kie, Clawson,
(Jlingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Covode,
Cox, Ciaige,Ciavvford, Cumbaek, Davidson, Iienry Wmtei
Davis, Timothy Davis, Denver, DeWitt, Dick, Diek-on,
Dowdell, Dunn, Edmumbon, Edwards, Etheruljje, Eustis,
Evuns, Faulkner, Plorence. Thomas J. I). Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, J. Morrison Maine, Sampson VVr. Ilaitw,
Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Thomas R.
Morton, Houston, Husihston, Jewctt, Geoige W. Jonc*, J.
Clancy Jones, Kelly, Km«ht, Knox, hake, Loiter, Letchet,
Lmdley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, tf.umiel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, Met,'arty, McMulhn, Mcdueen, Smith
Miliei, MilNon, Mott, iVoiton, Mordeeni Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Perk, Penmn^inj, Point, Phelps, Porter. Powell,
Uuitimm, Ricaud, Hiveis, Itohhm.s, Koberls, UtUfm, Rust,
bandulge, Savage, Smvaid, ^hoiter, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, W'llluun Smith, William U. tiimth, Stewart, Swopc,
Talbott, Taylor, Todd, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Wainer,
Elhhn B. Washbuine, Wells., Wheeler, Williams, Win*
low, Woodwoith, Daniel Li. Wnglit, John V. Wright, and
Zollicofler— 11().
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending1 the call of the roll,
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, stated that ho
had paired oil* with Mr. Valk.
Mr. ALLISON. Will it he in order to submit
amotion that the House talce a recess until six
o'clock, in order that we may know what action
the Senate has taken upon the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to the; motion.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the resolution offered by the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Vail,] which will be reported.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Way-, and Means he
instructed to report the following bill lor the support of the
.Auuy for the lUcal year ending the oOth ot June, 18o7, and
that .said committee have leave to report at any tune.
The bill referred to in the resolution was the
same bill contained in the icsolution olfeied bv
Air. Whkelur.
Air. CL1NGAIAN. I ask for tellers upon the
demand for the previous question.
Mi\ CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The House has just voted upon the
eame resolution.
. Mr. CLINGMAN. There was no action upon
it, and there is no rule which prevents there being
two propositions pending at the same time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the resolution can be received.
Air. CAMPBELL. I would inquire if it is
pot the same paper upon which the House has
j ust acted ? It is the same paper.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it can be received under that clause of the Man- ;
ual—which is a rule of the House in this case— j
that where a bill is postponed for a week, a month,
or a distant day, a similar bill can be received.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I call for tellers upon sec-
onding the previous question.
Mr. TODD. I ask that the bill may be re-
ported. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to remind
the Chair and the House, that the House has this
morning acted upon a resolution which- 
Air. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman from
Tennessee does not appeal from the decision of
the Chair, I object to his proceeding.
Mr. DODD. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Air. BILLINGHURST. I move that the
House do now adjourn, and call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baiboui, Baiclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, I>illinghur>t, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Breuton, Bullhiton, James II. Campbell, Chaffee,
E/ira Clark, Clawoun, Colfax, Connus, Ci.i m, Cuinbaek,
Damrell, Timothy l)avi«?, Dean, Diek, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee,Edie, Em tie, Flagler, GiUlowav, Giddings, Granger,
Giow, Ilatlan, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Iloiton, liowardj
Kelsey, Kiirn', Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kimkcl, Leiter,
Mace, Matteson, McUarty, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morull,
Mott, Muuay, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton,
Pettit, Pike, Poiter, Prmgle, Ritchie, bobbins, Jtobeus,
llobr-on, Sagc\ Sapp, Scott, Shennan, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stian'ahan, Tappan, Thoimgton, Triton, Wade,
Walbndge, Waldron, Cadvvalader C. Washburne, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Wtiohburn, Welch, Wood, Wood-
rut}'. and Woodwortb—#5.
NAYS — Messis. Aiken, Akeis, Ball, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, B'ocook, Bowie, Boyee, BnuMiaw,
|{i;jneh, Harnett, Cadwaladrr, John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Caihle, Ca-kie, Chngnicin, Howell Cobb,
Williamson K. W. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Ciaijrc, Ciawlbid,
Culh-n, David-on, Ib-my Winter Davis, Denvei, De Witt,
Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, Ethendge, Eu&tis,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. J). Fuller, Goode,
Gieemvood, J. Moirisun Jl'ims, Samp-on W. llariw,
Thomas L II.uu.-, Haven, Hickman, IlotVman. Houston,
lfu^hston, (J.'oure W. Jones, J. Glancv Joiu'-s, Kelly,
Knight, Lake. Letehor, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Mut&hall, Samuel S. Mm^hall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mulhn, IMc(iueen, Smith Millei, MilNon, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Packer. Peek, Phelps, Powell, Utntman, Ricaud,
Riveis, llmViiu Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
Saumel A. Smith, William R Smith, Sliced, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, rj'a\lor, Tod<l, Ty>on, Underwood, Vail,
Walkei, Warner, Wells, Wheelei, Whitney, Williams,
Win&tow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wiight—99.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WHITNEY stated that Mi. Broom was
detained from the House in conscqucnce of ill-
ness, and that he had paired off for the day with
Mr. Mii.lwari). j
The question then reeurred on the motion to ;
lay the resolution on the table. I
Mr. WASHJjUitN, of Alaine. I rise to a i
question of order. I submit that it is not in order \
for the gentleman from New Jersey to submit !
pieeisely tin; resolution which has already been |
received and is before the House, and 1 submit j
further, th.it the resolution offered by the gentle- j
man from New Jersey is precisely the paper "
which just now went over, under the rule, to the j
Speaker's table. I ask whether it is m order to j
take a p<q>er from the table to offer a^«iu? i
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The ;
Chair understands from the gentleman from New j
Jersey, that the resolution olfered by him is the I
paper some time smec piesented to the House, and i
carried to the Speaker s table. Upon that ground j
the Cluur rules the resolution out of order. ;
Mr. VAIL. Very well; I now offer alike res- I
1 ohition, which is not the paper presented to the
House.
Air. WASHIjURN. I raise the question of
oider, that, the gentleman from New Jersey can-
not introduce two resolutions m the same day. ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Chair has ruled one •
out of oidei, and it was not therefore received. '
The SPEAKER. The 25th rule will be re-
ported.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows: j
"RepoiN fiom committee* having been presented and '
di-'po-ed of, the Speaker >hall call for lesoiutions fiom the [
members of < ueh Suite, and Delegates of each Territoiy,
beginning with Maine and the Temtmv of Wisconsin al- j
ternateiy ; thev sliall not be debated onihevorvday of then j
being presented ; not on any day a«s,gued bv the House for I
the leceipt oi icsoiutions, unless vvlieio the House shall 1
direct othen\ i-'e, but shall he on the table to be taken up !
in tiic order in wlucil they were piesented ; and if on any |
day the whole of the States and Territories shall not be
called, the Speaker shall begin on the next day where he
left off on the previous day: provided, that no member
shall offer more than one resolution, or one series of resolu-
tions, all relating to the same subject, until all the Siates
and Territories shall have been called.J?
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had insisted on its disagreement
to the amendment of the House to their amend-
ment to the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30,1857; that they also insisted on the amend-
ment of the Senate, and asked a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on said bill; and that they had appointed
Alessrs. Hunter, Crittendex, and Bicler, as
the managers of such conference upon the part
of the Senate.
Air. CLINGMAN. The morning hour has
expired by this time, I imagine. I have the right,
therefore, to take the floor from the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Air. Vaiim] and move to pro-
coed to the business on the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of taking up the message just re-
ceived from the Senate.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I apprehend that, if
the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee of "Ways and Means, will make the
request, there will be no objection to taking up
the message from the Senate.
Mr. CAA1PBELL, of Ohio. I ask the consent
of the House to take up the message.
There was no objection; and the message from
the Senate was taken up and read.
Mr. CAAIPBELL. I move that the House
insist on its disagreement to the action of the
Senate on the Army bill, and appoint a commit-
tee of conference.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it not neces-
sary that the House should first recede from its
adherence to its disagicement in respect to this
bill >
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
House to insist on its adherence and appoint a
committee of conference.
Air. CAAIPBELL. Very well. I make my
motion in that form, and call the previous ques-
tion upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion was then agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Alessrs. Campbell of Ohio,
STEniE.vs, and SiiEKMAN,assuch committee upon
the part of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the gentleman to move
instead that the House take a recess.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. A11LLSOA. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table the rrpnit
of the Secretory of War, received the other day,
which is now lyiiio; on the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of having it referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole oil the state of the Union.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. COBB, Of Georgia. For the purpose of
securing ample time to act on this bill to-morrow,
before the time fixed for adjournment, I ask the
consent of the House to move, that when the
House adjourn it adjourns to meet to-morrow, at
ten o'clock, a. m.
There was no objection; and the motion was
entertained and agieed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ORR, (at a quarter
before three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at ten o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Slug list 28, 185G.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That Lisaitenant Wilham t'lumdler have leave
to withdraw ins pe.mion and papers fiom the files of the
Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House, by Mr. Barclay,
