1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Jonas P. Levy, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial of Jonas P. Levy be referred
to the Court of Claims, together with all the documents
and proofs touching the claim therein referred to, which
were before the Auditor and Comptroller under the act of
Congress for the relief of said Levy, passed August 3,1854,
to be considered and decided by the said court, upon said
documents and proofs, and such other proofs as either party
may adduce.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the opinions of the
Court of Claims in the cases of Samuel P. Todd
and others, reported a bill making appropriations
forthe payment of certain claims; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BROWN, from *the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Michael Nash, guard at the District
Penitentiary, asking for additional compensation,
reported a "bill for his relief; which was read a
first time, and ordered to a second reading.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WELLER, from the select committee ap-
pointed to consider the subject, reported a bill to
authorize and facilitate the construction of a rail-
road and magnetic telegraph through the Territo-
ries of the United States, from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. WELLER. I do not desire to interfere
with the business now before the Senate, but at
the same time I am anxious to have this bill con-
sidered at an early day. 1 move, therefore, that
it be made the special order of the day for this
day three weeks, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report back the bill which
was introduced by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] to provide for the public printing,
engraving, and binding. It is important that the
bill should be before the Senate. The Committee
on Printing have been constantly engrossed with
business from the commencement of the session,
as the Senate is aware, and have not had time to
consider this subject thoroughly. It has been
impossible for us to give to the bill that consid-
eration which it requires, and we therefore report
neither for nor against it; but will take occasion,
as it is a bill of the highest public importance, to
express our opinions in regard to it during its
consideration. We hope, under these circum-
stances, the report may be received, together with
a statement of facts submitted by the superin-
tendent of public printing on the subject of the
bill, which we present with the original bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate, under the
circumstances, as the bill is ccrtainly of public
importance to the country, whether I be right or
wrong, to give me an opportunity of obtaining the
judgment of the Senate on it. I therefore move
to make it a special order for the third Monday
in April.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN TUCKER.
Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of John Tucker, to report a bill for his relief.
It is a very small matter. The same bill which
is reported by the committee now has been passed
two or three times by the Senate; and I am di-
rected to ask for its consideration now. Its object
is to correct a mistake, by which the name of a
private was put upon the roll as a chaplain, and
therefore has received no pay.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of War to pay to
John Tucker the amount to which lie would have
been en tilled under the act "providing payment
for certain military services in Florida," approved
March 3d, 1845, if his name appeared on the roll
as a private in Major Isaac Garrison's command.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ORIGINATION OF REVENUE BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I wish to call
up a bill for the purpose of submitting a resolu-
tion that it be withdrawn. It is a bill over which
we certainly have no jurisdiction; I allude to the
bill introduced by the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. James] on Thursday last. If it shall be
called up, I will offer this resolution:
Resolved, That the bill (S. No. 180) entitled " a bill to pre-
vent frauds on the revenue, and for other purposes," being
a bill " for raising revenue," withm the terms and meaning
of the seventh section of the first article of the Constitution,
cannot originate in the Senate, and it is therefore ordered
that the same be withdrawn.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator from
Virginia to postpone the consideration of the res-
olution until the Senator who offered that bill
shall be in his seat. I suppose there will be no
ojection to that.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That a copy of the House list of Piivate Claims
be supplied by the Secretary, out of the copies in his pos-
session, to each of the judges of the Court of Claims, and
to the solicitor and clerk of said court.
DR. KANE'S ARCTIC EXPEDITION.
Mr. SEWARD. I am under obligation to the
honorable Senators from Pennsylvania to call up
the resolution concerning Dr. Kane, merely to
have referred to the Committee on the Library a
substitute which I will offer, and which nobody
will debate.
Mr. BIGLER. I trust it will be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Seward's
substitute was adopted, as follows:
Resolted, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of some legislative
recognition of the eminent services and success ot the re-
cent expedition of Dr. Kane to the Aictio regions.
POST ROUTES IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lutions; which were considered by unanimous}
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Tost Office and
Post lloads inquire into the evpcdieney of establishing a
route from Chic<ila, Yell count), Ai kan&as, up Cincala Val-
ley, via Pleasant Valley post othce, ShoalCreekpost office,
IVlorriMMi's BluH* post office, to internet at RoseviiIe,Fiank-
hn countv, Aikansa*.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
I'ost Koads inquire into tlte expediency of establishing by
law a poet route from Desarc, Piame county, to Oakland,
St. Francis county, Arkansas; and report by bill or other-
wise.
REVOLUTION IN NICARAGUA.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if, in Ins opinion, compatible with the public inter-
est. to communicate to the Senate all the information he
has concerning the revolutionary proceedings which have
recently occuned ill Nicaragua, and especially concerning
the icecnt seuurc of property of the Nicaragua Transit
Company.
MILWAUICIE CUSTOM-HOUSE BUILDING.
Mr. DODGE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Raoleed, That the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Postmaster General be requested to report to the Senate,
whether the building authorized to be constructed at Mil-
waukie, Wisconsin, for custom-bouse, post office, United
States court 1001ns, and other purposes, is sufficiently large
to accommodate the different branches of the public ser-
vice lor which it was designed, and such further informa-
tion m regard thereto as they may deem proper.
REPORTERS' GALLERY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Scrseant-at-Aims be, and he hereby
is, instructed to exclude all persons, except reporters, from
the seats appropriated in the Senate gallery for the use of
reporters.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to amend an act entitled " An act relating to pas-
senger ships and vessels," approved March 2,
1819: which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BIGLER, in pursuance of previous no-
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the construction of suitable buildings for
the courts of the United States for the eastern
district of Pennsylvania and the post office, at
Philadelphia; which was read twice by its title
and placed on the Calendar.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, aa
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill from the House of Represent-
atives (H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1856; the pending ques-
tion being on the following amendment offered
by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia:
For repairs of the navy-yard and upper bridges of the
eastern branch of the Potomac river, $5,000.
Mr. ADAMS. When the Senate adjourned
the other day, with this amendment pending,
there was no quorum voting. I now ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Maryland to withdraw the amendment.
It is a controverted one; and, if he persists in de-
siring the action of the Senate upon it, 1 must
move to amend it by inserting a provision for the
repair of the Long Bridge. I think that is the
much more meritorious objcct of the two; but I
do not think that appropriations for either should
be introduced into the deficiency bill. 1 do not
wish to enter on this contcst now; but X am un-
willing to vote on this amendment until 1 have
made an effort to amend it by adding an appro-
priation for the Long Bridge. I think 1 can show
that great injustice will be done to the interests
of that part'of the city by omitting an appropri-
ation for that bridge and inserting a provision for
the bridges over the Eastern Branch. I do not
wish to enter upon the discussion of that ques-
tion, however, this morning; and, if the Senator
from Maryland will agree to withdraw his amend-
ment, wc can call it up at some other time.
Mr. PRATT. The amendmenthas been moved
by authority of the Committee on the District of
Columbia; and as one of that committee I am not
at liberty to withdraw it. I should be disposed
to gratify the Senator from Virginia if 1 were
acting in my individual capacity; but I am only
the organ of the committee. I hope the Senator
from Virginia will forego his intention of asking
to amend it by adding an appropriation for the
Long Bridge, because that, undoubtedly, can
come up hereafter. It is a proposition that h$.s
not been reported by any committee; and I do
not know that it would be in order.
I will take this opportunity to state, that I hold
in my hand the original provision, on the part of
the Federal Government, for the purchase of the
bridges, for the repair of which an appropriation
is now asked. I will read it:
" For the purchase of one or both of the bridges over tlie
Eastern llranch, near the city of Washington, at a valua-
tion to he made m such manner as the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct, a sum not exceeding ยง30,000, which
bridge, or bridges, when purchased, shall be free of toll to
all persons whomsoever, under such regulations as are now
m force, or as the same may be legally modified, or added
to, in relation to the Potomac bridge opposite said city."
By what I have just read, you will perceive
that this bridge was purchased by the Federal
Government. It was made a free bridge. There
is no party authorized to repair it other than the
Government. The Secretary of the Interior has
asked for an appropriation m this bill for the pur-
pose of repairing it. I think, therefore, that it is
properly here; and I am requested by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to ask that it
may be inserted in this bill. 1 would undoubt-
edly gratify my friend from Virginia, if I could
do so; but, as the organ of the committee, I have
no authority to withdraw the amendment which
they have directed me to propose. I hope, there-
fore, that we shall vote on it without further dis-
cussion.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator
from Maryland if there is not an estimate of the
Secretary of the Interior for the repair of the Long
Bridge ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir. _
Mr. HUNTER. Then I will move to amend
his amendment to make it conform to that esti-
mate. I will observe, in regard to this amend-
ment to the amendment, that the repair of the
Long Bridge is of much more importance to the
inhabitants of this city than the repair of the
bridges over the Eastern Branch. _ It connects the
city with avenues which bring to it a much larger
portion of its supplies than are brought across
