J 856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
Assistant Clerk, announced that they had passed
the joint resolution of the Senate authorizing
the purchase and restoration to the British Gov-
ernment of the ship Resolute, late of the British
JTavy, without amendment.
DELAWARE CONGRESSIONAL ELECTION.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill in regard
to my own State, for which there is an immedi-
ate necessity. It relates to the time of holding
the election for Representative in Congress. In
the State of Delaware, we have always endeav-
ored, being a small State, to have our elections
at the same time. Owing to the act of Congress
passed some years ago, fixing the term of the
presidential election on the first Tuesday after
the first Monday in .November, our constitution
fixed our general election for the same day, and
it took us some years to alter that. We altered
it last year, so as to correspond with the day of
the presidential election. The .Legislature omit-
ted, however, to change the time which by lav/
was fixed for holding the election of member of
Congress. The Legislature does not meet until
January next, and, unless something be done, we
may be placed in the position of having no rep-
resentation of the State in the House of Repre-
sentatives. My colleague here, as well as my
colleague in the other House, agrees in the pro-
priety of asking this action of Congress, as it is
within our power. The object of the bill is to
fix the time for holding the election of Represent-
ative in Congress from the State of Delaware, so
as to correspond with the day of the general elec-
tion of the State, as now fixed by its constitu-
tion. I presume no Senator will object to it.
Mr. BROWN. If there is to be any departure
from the agreement not to enter into legislative
business, I have some bills to prese'nt myself.
The PRES1DING*0FF1CER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) Is there any objection to the intro-
duction of the bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object, if nobody else
doc s.
There being no objection, the bill to fix the time
for holding, in the State of Delaware, the election
of a Representative in the Congress of the United
States was read twice by its title, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It appoints the
fit st Tuesday after the first Monday in November
in the present year, and the same day in every
second year hereafter, for holding elections in
Delaware for a Representative in Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engtossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On the day before yes-
terday I gave notice of my intention to introduce
a bill, winch I should have presented regularly <
yesterday, but I then yielded to friends who de- I
sired that it should be delayed. I ask leave to J
introduce that bill now; and before doing so I
desire to make a few remarks explanatory of the j
bill and its various provisions, and some further I
remarks upon the general subject. I know the |
importance and value of time, and I shall en- |
deavorto be as brief as possible, so as not to weary '
the Senate or consume any undue portion of its
time.
Mr. President, we are holding an extraordinary
session of Congress, for the termination of which
we are impatient, and I should not at such a time
propose to the Senate this bill if I were not anx-
iously impressed with the importance and urgency
of the subject. "We are about to adjourn, after
all our efforts, and leave Kansas in the same de-
plorable condition in which we found her at our
meeting. The Senate has not been derelict of its
duty on this subject. During the late session of
Congress, we passed a bill for the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State, it made the
necessary provisions promptly to carry out and
accomplish that purpose. That bill was not ac-
ceptable to the House of Representatives, and has
not been acted on there, or even considered, if
the provisions which it contained for the forma-
tion of a State constitution were unsatisfactory,
it was in the power of that House to have made
any change or alteration or amendment in them.
If the qualification of voters, if the residence re-
quired, if the time prescribed for the election, or
if any of the various proceedings required as pre-
paratory to the formation of a constitution, and
her admission into the Union, were unsatisfac-
tory, they could have been amended by the party
which seems to have the practical majority in that
House, assuming to be the peculiar friends of
Kansas, and to desire her admission as a State as
the best remedy for all her troubles. They have
totally neglected to take any notice of that bill.
That session closed, and the extra session
called by the President, seems to be approaching
its close, and nothing yet has been done—nothing
to settle the affairs of Kansas, or to stay the
bloody and wide-spreading course of anarchy
which there prevails. Sir, are we to adjourn and
leave this most important subject without having
made suitable or adequate provision, or any pro-
vision whatever? That is the question.
Something we ought unquestionably to do—
our highest duty requires it of us. What ought
to be done is a question of great difficulty, and
about which opinions arc much divided. 1 have
set down in this bill, which I propose to the con-
sideration of the Senate, such a scheme as I think
will do some good, if it does not entirely accom-
plish the object which all of us have in view—the
pacification of Kansas.
Mr. President, I can in a few words explain to
the Senate the substance of this bill. It proposes,
in the first place—and this is the material pro-
vision of the bill—to abolish the Legislative As-
sembly of Kansas, and transfer all its power of
legislation to the Governor and judges of that
Territory; their laws to be transmitted always as
speedily as possible by the Secretary of the Ter-
ritory to the President of the United States, to be
laid before Congress, to be subject to their revis-
ion and disapproval. This ia exactly in con-
formity to the ancient and original form of ter-
ritorial governments. It was the government of
Louisiana; it was the government of Illinois; it
was the government of Indiana; it was the gov-
ernment of Ohio, and of Michigan. It worked
well everywhere. There was no disturbance of
the public peace under it. It was a government
satisfactory to the people. A simple community
like that which constitutes the population of a
Territory does not require a great deal of legis-
lation. Its wants are few; its legislation simple.
The body intrusted with power can have no
motive to abuse it. They are subjected to the
perpetual supervision of this Government; and
so far as this experiment has been made, all has
moved 011 successfully and in harmony. I pro-
: pose that we try that experiment again. We
have forgotten or passed by, on this subject, the
lessons of our fathers, and the lessons ofexperi-
1 ence, and we are this day reaping the fruits of
1 this new practice of our own. I like, when I can j
do so, always to go upon the ancient and the 1
; tried ways. We tread most safely when we go
; in that road. Super antlquas vias is a wise maxim,
i There we stand with a firmer, a better footing
1 than we can anywhere else.
I It seems to me that the condition of Kansas
1 at this time peculiarly demands such a change of j
' government as I propose. We have tried again
1 and again hero, and we have all felt how pcrplcx-
! ing it was to form such a system of regulation j
and law upon the subject, as could bring about a j
free and a fair election in Kansas. Hardly any- j
body has been satisfied with any effort which has !
been made. That has been one of the great diffi- 1
culties, and it is a difficulty which is insuperable
in the present state of things in Kansas. A pop-
ular election in Kansas now is nothing but a
summons of people, heated and irritated against
1 each othei; a summons to the election is virtu-
!i ally a summons to controversy, to strife, and it
' may be to battle. There is 110 such thing as a
free and fair election now practicable in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. It is not practicable. The
nature of man—the passions which have been
excited and enlisted in this case, utterly forbid the
idea of any such thing, and the attempt at another
election would only recreate anothersetof charges,
another set of complaints, of party against party,
and only serve to increase that flame which has
been already kindled there. There is no course
of safety left, in my judgment, but to constitute
a form of government which shall avoid, for the
present, ail popular elections in Kansas.
Other elections can only tend, in the peculiar
circumstances of that Territory, to more com-
plaints, more excitement, and greater violence. I
propose, then, to adopt the system of territorial
government by the Governor and judges. It is
to be a temporary "one. It is adopted, as the bill
declares, in view of, and in contemplation of, the
speedy admission of Kansas into the Union as a
State, as soon as circumstances and her condition
will permit Congress to make suitable provision
for that purpose. I have a trustand a confidence
that, in this view of this part of the subject, the
opinions of the Senate will be in accordance with
my own, that it is the wisest and best thing for
the country at large, and more especially for Kan-
sas herself.
I have stated the substance of the first and
second sections of my bill. The first directs the
transfer of authority from the Governor and
Legislative Assembly of Kansas to the Governor
and judges, giving them just the same power with
which the Legislature has been invested. It does
not change that. It gives neither more nor less
power, but exactly the same, to the Governor and
judges, which the Legislative.Assembly and Gov-
ernor now possess. The second section is only
directory to the Secretary of the Territory to
transmit to the Congress of the United States
whatever laws are passed by this authority, in
order that they may be laid before Congress for
their disapproval, if they think proper. The
third section is that, inasmuch as the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the organic aet of
the Territory, have secured to the inhabitants
certain inalienable rights, laws shall not be passed
to interfere with the freedom of the press, and of
speech, &c. I will not trouble the Senate with
reading it. It is precisely in the language of the
eighteenth section of the bill which we passed
and sent to the other House, and in the precise
terms of the bill presented a few days since by
the gentleman from California. It is a provision
repealing, or rather denouncing, in the same terms,
the obnoxious laws of Kansas, which have been
so often referred to. Then comes the fourth sec-
tion, which is:
u And be it further enacted, That ail prosecution? and
indictments lor trea-on, or other offense*, ^nerely political,
iiovv depending m any of the court* of Kaiva>-, shall cea--e
and be ; and all and eveiy person who may, at the
pu^s-a<re ofthi-5 aft, be impiwmed or held in custody mider
or in wrtue or'any -ueh prosecution or indictment, shall be
lorthwith di?ehaiged theiehom."
I am conscious, sir, that this provision does
not meet the approbation of many members of
this body. I wish to make a few remarks ex-
planatory of the motives which have induced me
to present it.
Treason against the Territory of Kansas is
simply an absurdity—in point of law it is an
absurdity. According to any common-law notion,
or American notion, of the crime of treason, there
can be no such thing as treason against Kansas.
You might as well talk about treason against a
county in a State, as treason against Kansas.
Treason is a crime which can be commuted,
according to our definition of it, only against the
sovereignty of the country. The Territory of
Kansas has no sovereignty. It is a government
which, in all its branches, is subordinate. The
soveieignty is in the people of the United States.
There may be treason against the United States,
but there can be none against the Territory of
Kansas, nor can Kansas legislate what shall be
treason against the United States. But this suc-
tion is not confined to cases of treason — it dis-
poses of all indictments and prosecutions for
ollenses merely political. No prosecutions for
other crimes are affected by it. Prosecutions for
murder, robbery, and all that class of crimes
against society are to remain, and to be pursued
as heretofore. It is only prosecutions for treason
and other political offenses that are to cease.
Why is this to be done? Not only, as I think,
because such offenses ought to be regarded rather
as the vices and results of the times, than as the
crimes of individuals, but because we are endeav-
oring, by this bill, to obliterate all the subjects
and "causes of ill-feeling, and thereby restore a
real amity, a real security, and a real peace, in
Kansas. That is the object. These prosecutions
are but the offspring of that state of political con-
tention, and I may say civil warfare, wluch has
existed m that Territory. If you desire to make
peace, is it not a means common and approved
by all nations, under such circumstances, to grant
an amnesty, and wipe out the offensive past?
