im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
the bridges over the Eastern Branch. If we are
to have a railroad connection with Alexandria,
(which seems to be designed,) the site of the Long
Bridge is certainly the most eligible point over
which the railroad could be carried. We must
remember also that we cannot remedy the incon-
veniences which would be occasioned by suffer-
ing this Long Bridge to go down, by building
another bridge above Georgetown. I understand
that there is urgent necessity for some repair to
make it useful. If we pass an appropriation for
one bridge, it seems to me that we should also
pass an appropriation for the other.
• I say that to build another bridge above George-
town would not remedy the inconveniences com-
plained of. It would cut us off from that system
of roads in Virginia which has been made m ref-
erence to this bridge. It would not give us all
the facilities for communication with Alexandria,
and with the long line of travel North and South
which we should have if the Long Bridge were
selected as part of the route, because the distance
would be increased if we were compelled to go
round by Georgetown, and, as I understand, the
expense of the railroad would be greatly en-
hanced.
I know that objections have been made to the
Long Bridge on the ground that it has inflicted
aninjury on Georgetown. The general idea pre-
vails, that it is owing to that bridge that the mud
flat above it has accumulated, and that a portion
of the channel through which vesselsgo to George-
town has been filled up. Now itso happens that
this morning I was looking over the old charts
of the. river, and I find that, according to the chart
of 1792, there was 110 more water in that channel
through which vessels now pass under the Long
Bridge than there is at present. I find that at
that time the mud flat was in existence, both above
and below the bridge. I discover that, by the
report of an engineer, Colonel Hughes, in 1832, it
was recommended to build the causeway which
forms part of the structure of Long Bridge, for
the purpose of forcing the water through a nar-
rower channcl, to close up what was called Squash
channel, and to keep open that channel now used
by vessels going to Georgetown. So far from
being an injury, in the opinion of engineers it has
been a benefit to the commerce of Georgetown.
Colonel Abort, who hada survey made under the
order of this Government by one of the officers of
his department, reports that whatever injury has
happened has been caused by an improvement
made by Georgetown itself, connecting Analos-
tan, or Mason's Island, with the Virginia shore.
It will be found by reference to the chart, that the
bar which has formed, and upon which vessels
usually lodge, being opposite the mouth of what
is called Gravelly Creek,isabarwhichhasformed
at the end of Mason's Island, and does not com-
municate with or touch the mud flat which is
erroneously supposed to have been occasioned by
this bridge.
Now, sir, when we look at these facts, demon-
strated by maps and by the reports of'engineers,
and when we consult their opinions, especially
the opinion of Colonel Abert, who declares that
the injury complained of by Georgetown was not
occasioned by the Long Bridge, but by the George-
town improvement, connecting Mason's Island
with the main land, it seems to me that it would
be inflicting a very unnecessary injury on the city
of Washington—to say nothing of the citizens of
Virginia on the other side, whose roads have been
constructed with reference to this bridge, it having
been there, I think, since 1809—to permit it now
to go down.
But let us suppose that the citizens of George-
town are right; and that it is owing to the Long
Bridge that the mud flat has accumulated, then I
say it results from that portion of it which is
called the "cause way, "if it results from anything;
and it would not help the citizens of Georgetown
to permit the bridge to go down unless we should
take away the causeway. If we were to take
away the causeway, the bridge might still be
maintained in that place on piers. You will find,
in the reports of the engineers, that they have
more than once given the opinion that such a
bridge would not increase the quantity of sedi-
ment which is deposited upon this flat. If the
people of Georgetown are right, you cannot rem-
edy the inconveniences of which they complain
except by taking away the causeway; and if you
should do that, a bridge on piers can do no harm.
It is manifest that this is the point at which the
bridge ought to be made, if we are to have a
bridge connecting Washington with the Virginia
shore.
You will not, therefore, accomplish any good
for the people of Georgetown by rejecting this
appropriation, if you permit the causeway to
remain; and it is the opinion of competent engi-
neers that it would be an injury to the navigation
of the river to remove the causeway. It was
placed there for the especial purpose of forcing
the water into a narrower channel, and keeping
open that channel by which vessels approach
Georgetown. Originally there were three chan-
nels, called the Washington channel, the Squash
channel, and the channel on the Virginia shore;
and it was on the opinion of engineers that this
causeway was interposed, stopping up two of
the channels and forcing the water through the
third. In the report of the very last survey
which was made, we find the opinion expressed
by Colonel Abert, that the injury was occasioned,
not by the Long Bridge, and not by its causeway,
but by the causeway from Mason's or Analostan
Island to the Virginia shore—an improvement
made by the citizens of Georgetown long ago.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Virginia will
allow me to ask him which was built first—the
bridge or the causeway ?
Mr. HUNTER. The causeway from Analos-
tan Island was built first undoubtedly. I have
before me a chart, drawn in 1792, of the mud flat.
I see upon it the route of the Long Bridge; and
it appears that this mud flat had formed not only
for sonic distance below, but for a long distance
above, before the Long Bridge was built. It
appears, too, that at the point where the Long
Bridge crosses, and for some distance above it,
there was then the same depth of water that there
is now. Indeed, if there be any difference, it is
a little deeper now than it was then; it is deeper
nearer to the Virginia shore. It appears from
this chart, that, at that time, before this causeway
was erected, there was no bar below Mason's
Island; but in the survey of 1838, which was
after the causeway had been constructed by the
citizens of Georgetown, we find the bar extend-
ing from the end ofMason's Island almost to the
mouth of what is called Gravelly creek. It is 011
that bar that vessels stop: and that bar does not
touch or communicate with the mud flat, which
has been supposed to have been occasioned by
the Long Bridge,and which is the cause of com-
plaint to the people of Georgetown. So Colonel I
Abert has reported. It is his opinion that it is
that bar, which is manifestly caused by the im-
provement at Mason's Island, and not by the
Long Bridge, which has done the mischief com-
plained of; and this is confirmed by the chart,
which shows that there is no communication be-
tween them.
If the facts be as I have stated, what is the in-
jury occasioned to Georgetown by this bridge?
Simply the. delay which occurs to vessels passing
through the draw. Why, sir, how many towns
of far greater commerce than Georgetown are
approached through a draw-bridge? I believe
that the commerce of the city of Cork is ap-
proached through a draw-bridge, and that draw-
bridge was made with wings for the very pu'-pose
of doing what the engineer sought here—to liar-
row and deepen the channel by forcing a greater
quantity of water through it. I believe myself!
that, so far from benefiting Georgetown by the j
destruction of this causeway, we should only '
open the two other channels of winch I have
spoken; and the effect would be that the sediment
would be deposited in them all, and they would
have less water in that which they are now using, j
If this be true—and we have the testimony of the ,
engineers that this mud flat existed long before
that bridge was erected; we have the testimony
not only of those maps, but also of some of the ;
oldest citizens of this place—if it be true, why j
should we destroy this facility of communicating
with the Virginia shore at the most eligible point
in order to remedy a mere imaginary grievance
of Georgetown? On the contrary, 1 believe it
would not only do Georgetown 110 good, but
would be an injury to her if you were to take
away that causway of which she is complaining,
and divide the water between the three several
channels which formerly existed in the Potomac.
I hope, therefore, that if the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland should be adopted, it will
be amended as I propose; but even if so amended
I am still of the same opinion which I before ex-
pressed in regard to the place in which the appro-
priation should be made. I do not think it ought
to be made in this bill, and I will not vote to put
it upon this bill, even if amended as I propose;
but if one should pass the other ought also to be
passed. There is far more necessity—far more
justice in repairing the Long Bridge, because it is
much more important to the city of Washington
than the bridges over the Eastern Branch. That
has received some injury lately, and is in greater
need of repair than are the bridges over the East-
ern Branch.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the amendment pro-
posed by my friend from Virginia will not prevail.
Independently of all the considerations heretofore
urged, I think it is high time that Congress
should quit patching up that old bridge. If we
intend to have a bridge across the Potomac, let
us now, when the Government has plenty of
means, build a bridge of the proper kind, and in
the right place. So long as you continue to ap-
propriate money to patch up that miserable old
rickety concern, it will stand there a disgrace to
the nation and an offense to everybody in Wash-
ington, and about the scat of Government.
My friend from Virginia has been looking at
documents on this subject, but I think he could
have obtained more reliable testimony by simply
consulting those who see the bridge every day.
The opinion of the old inhabitants of George-
town and of many in Washington is, that since
the construction of that bridge, the flat which is
represented on the chart of 1792 has filled up, and
that, while then it was a flat under the water sel-
dom subjected to the rays of a summer's sun, it
has now been raised by the action of the water
and the accumulation of mud until with every
flowing of the tide it is exposed. That I under-
stand to be the complaint. It is not denied that
there was a flat, there before, but it was generally
covered with water until after this bridge was built.
Therefore the deductions from the chart do not
meet the points of complaint.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will look at
the chart he will observe that it was marked as
a large mud flat, which was in process of being
formed before the bridge was put there. Whether
the bridge wars placed there or not, it would have
risen with each year's accretion; and I will state
that it had risen to such an extent that I under-
stand Doctor Thornton sought to patent the land
011 that same flat.
Mr. BROWN. But he did not do it; and that
is a sufficient answer to the point. Whatever
may be the facts, it is at least true that the city of
Georgetown above this bridge has never ceased
to complain of its existence there, not only on
account of the accumulation of mud 011 the flat
above the bridge, but on account of its serious
interruption to their commerce. I hear no con-
sideration urged by my friend from Virginia why
the bridge should remain there, except, that it is
convenient to the people of Virginia residing in
its neighborhood; that it is a little nearer for them
to approach Washington by the bridge than to
come by way of Georgetown. If the commerce
of a growing city is seriously damaged by the
bridge at that point, it seems to me that the
people on the other side of the river might be sub-
jected to the slight inconvenience of going a mile
or two further, rather than keep the bridge there
seriously embarrassing the commerce of that city.
I am not opposed to connecting the two shores
of the river by a bridge. O11 the contrary, I am
in favor of it. I have always thought it proper
to do that, and I stilt think so. 1 have not exam-
ined the charts with sufficient accuracy to say
where the bridge ought to be placed. I do not
know that, upon a critical investigation of the
subject, I should not be 111 favor of constructing-
another bridge at this point, if it shall be shown,
as the gentleman from Virginia assumes, that it
is neither detrimental to the health nor injurious
to the commerce of Georgetown and those who
reside above it; but if the complaints made by
the people of Georgetown be true, as stated, I
will oppose reconstructing any sort of a bridge
at that point. It «js not, however, precisely for
that reason that 1 oppose this proposition. I
object to mending the old bridge at all, regarding
