090
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. of Reps.
existing in Kansas. No comments which I could
make would give any additional force to these
simple statements, or make the ruffians concerned
in these abominable transactions any more worthy
of the public scorn and execration. Such are the
enormities to which men are subjected merely
for wishing Kansas to be afree Territory; every
such man.no matter how quiet and peaceable he
may be, is in danger of being driven out of the
Territory, or persecuted to death in it.
All this is Dut part of the price which free
white men are called upon to pay, in order that
a few black men may be held as slaves in Kansas.
There are, Mr. President, a number of points
to which [ would like to call the attention of the ;
Senate; but, as the hour is late,and I have taxed
the patience of the Senate more than I should have ,
done, I shall hurry them over. I will only say,
in this connection, that the attempt which seems
now to be avowed, to have all the territory of the ,
United States slave territory, at least while it ;
remains in a territorial condition, foreshadows, j
as it seems to me, certain coming events which >
it may be worth while to contemplate. AVhat !
coming event is there, in connection with this ;
claim, more likely than that the African slave
trade must be revived ? I certainly charge no gen-
tleman on this floor with any design or desire to
revive that trade, or with any belief or opinion
that that trade ought,by any means, to be revived;
but I ask whether the tendency of things, ill this
connection, is not toward the revival of that trade ?
It has been avowed in some sections of the coun-
try, and very decidedly avowed in many publica-
tions in some sections of the country, that this
trade ought to ba at once revived, and that the
law of Congress forbidding the importation of
slaves, and making the act criminal, should be
repealed.
If it be granted that it is right for us to legis-
late slavery into aTerritory, or to allow the peo-
ple, while they are under the control of Congress,
to legislate slavery into a Territory, it must be
because slavery is right; and if it be right, what
makes the African slave trade wrong? Taking a
slave from one section of this country into Kansas
is transporting him perhaps from a better to a
worse situation; taking him, however, from Af-
rica, if he is a slave there, and bringing him here,
may not the argument be made very strong that
he is certainly benefitedGentlemen have told
us much sometimes of the prevalence of slavery
in Africa, of the horrid cruelties practiced by the
natives of that country holding each other in
bondage, and have also told us that a great share
of those brought from Africa—four fifths or a
greater proportion—were slaves in Africa before
they were brought here.
If this be the case, what argument is strong
enough to resist the revival of the African slave
trade ? In addition to the claim that it will be a
humane institution, which will improve greatly
the condition of the blacks, we shall have afurther
claim, that although Congress has a right to regu-
late commerce, it is an arbitrary power, and ought
not to be exercised. We shall be told, " Let the
General Government repeal its laws, and allow
every State to act according to its own pleasure;
it will be doing then what Congress is bound to
do; repeal the law of 1808, forbidding the intro-
duction of slaves; repeal all laws making the slave
trade piracy,or punishing it in anywise,and just
leave the States of the Union free to embark in
this trade or not." It will be said, "The States who
embark in it throw no odium on those who do
not embark in it; it is a State affair." Then the
claim will be, of course, as soon as they are
brought into one State, aitd are property there,
that they can be carried into all the Territories
and fill the States of the Union. Thus we shall
have an African population spreading over our
whole country, to be held as slaves in all our
States and Territories, and the African slave trade
revived again as an institution of humanity—as a
grand means of Christianizing the African race.
Mr. President, I am not prepared for this; I
trust no gentleman here is prepared for this; but
I. ask, where short of this do we stop if we go
on in the direction in which we are now going at
high speed ? Do we stop at any point short of
this? No, sir, we do not; and, indeed, this doc-
ton# in principle, as it seems to me, is even now
admitted in certain sections of the country. I
read a recent extract frcm the Richmond Enquirer:
" The True Issue.—The Democrats of the South, in the
pending canvass, cannot rely on the old grounds of apology
| and excuse for slavery ; for they seek not merely to retain
j it where it is, but to extend it into regions where it is un-
, known. The Constitution cannot help slavery, if it be a
' violation of the laws of God and of morality. Slavery is
older than the Constitution—existed before it, and inde-
, pendently of it. We derive no right to our slaves from it,
and weaken our cause by seeming to rely on it. Nor will it
avail us aught to show that the negro ia most happy and
best situated in the condition of slavery. If we stop there,
we weaken our cause by the very argument intended to
advance it; for «>e propose to introduce into new territory
human beings whom we assert to be unfit for liberty, self-go v~
eminent, and equal association trith other men. We must go
a step further. We must show that African slavery is a
moral, religious, natural, and probably, in the general, a ne-
cessary institution of society. This is' the only line of argu-
ment that will enable southerners to maintain the doctrines
of State equality and slavery extension."
Again, this paper, after having given this in-
struction to the Democrats of the South, says,
| speaking of the Democrats of the North:
" But whilst they may prefer their own social system, they
will have to admit in this canvass that ours is also rightful
and legitimate, and sanctioned alike by the opinions and
usages of mankind, and by the authority and express injunc-
tions of Scripture. They cannot consistently maintain that
slavery is immoral, inexpedient,and profane, and yet coh-
tinue to submit to its extension."
It strikes me that there is force in this sugges-
tion. Congress having the power over the Ter-
ritories as I claim, men cannot consent that
slavery shall be extended into the Territory, if it
be at all admitted that slavery is immoral, pro-
fane, or wrong. If, we admit that it is not im-
moral, but is, ae this paper says it is, a moral and
religious institution, the captain of a slaver will
only be the name for a great Christian missionary.
We must come to that complexion at last, and
we must come to it much sooner than gentlemen
think. There is no point short of it. The mo-
ment we agree that this is a moral and just insti-
tution, it is a great deal better to bring the Afri-
cans from Africa here, and convert them, through
the means of service on a plantation, than it is to
send missionaries there. And the men who live
a reasonable length of time, unless I mistake, will
live long enough to hear these claims made, unless
, there be a stop put—and that speedily—to the
whole question, Tby forbidding the existence of
! slavery in all the Territories of the United States.
! I intended to allude to the views of certain gen-
tlemen who have occupied seats on this floor, and
who have a high reputation on both sides of this
Chamber — some from slaveholding and some
from free States—on the subject of slavery exten-
sion. I will not, however, take up the time of the
. Senate further than to present a few extracts.
In the year 1847, Mr. D. S. Dickinson, then a
Senator from the State of New York, made re-
marks which will, I think, be equally obnoxious
to all the charges now made of fanaticism, black
republicanism, abolitionism, or any other oppro-
brious epithets, as anything which I have said or
wish to say. In March of that year, Mr, Dick-
inson made a speech on some resolutions of the
Legislature of his State, one of which was in
these words:
" Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That if any ter-
! | ritory is hereafter acquired by the United States, or an-
ii nexed thereto, the act by which such territory is acquired
| ] or annexed, whatever such act may be, should contain
:' an unalterable^ fundamental article or provision, whereby
j | slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
; i for crime, shall be forever excluded from the territory a«-
i; quired or annexe^."
On that occasion he said:
" I would not have added one single word upon the sub-
ject of slavery, but it is due to the occasion that my views
upon it should be fully understood. So far as 1 am advised
or believe, the great mass of the people of the North enter-
tain but one opinion upon this subject, and that is the same
which is entertained by many at the South. They regard
the institution as a great moral and political evil, and would
that it had no existence. They are not unaware of the
difficulties which beset it, and do not intend to provoke
sectional jealousy and hatred by ill-timed and misplaced
discussions. They will not listen to the cry of the fanatic,
or favor the designs of the political schemer from the North
or the South; nor will they ever disturb or trench upon the
compromises of the Constitution. They believe the insti-
tution to be local and domestic—to be established or abol-
ished by the States themselves, and alone subject to their
control. But being thus the institution of a local sove-
reignty, and a franchise pecular to itself, they deny that
such sovereignty, or its people, can justly claim the right to
regard it as transitory, and to erect it in the Territories of
the United States without the authority of Congress, and
they believe that Congress may prohibit its introduction into
the Territories while they remit* >wh. And Anther, that
its prohibition in the Territories will, by giving them a free
population, as they become States, tend ' to lorin a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity
provide for the common defense, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity.' They have not resisted the admission of
slave States because they were so inhabited; and, holding
the numerical power in both Houses of Congress, the slave
States have increased nearly three-fold; but, believing that
it is for the ' general welfare,' for the benefit of all the
States, and not for any part of them, that free territory
should remain so, and that it is the legitimate subject of legis-
lation, they desire, without intending to disturb existing
rights, at all proper times, to discuss, in that spirit becoming
brethren of a common household, the influences its exten-
sion is calculated to exert upon the human race and the
destinies of the country; and they doubt not that if upon
the whole it shall appear that the heaven-born principles
upon which this Union was formed will be best promoted
by such prohibition, that those who believe their pecuniary
interests or political relations will be thereby prejudiced,
will yield in a becoming spirit interests so comparatively
trivial to ' promote the general welfare.' Slavery is slowly
and silently rolling its dark wave towards a tropical sun,
and God grant that, in His own good time, its subjects (nay
there find happy institutions as well as a congenial clime."
As to the construction to be put on the resolu-
tion here quoted, he understood it to mean that
" If territory is acquired or annexed by negotiation, or in
any other mode, in the act by which it is acq uired and sub-
jected to our jurisdiction, inserts a provision prohibiting
slavery therein. I will not do that learned and intelligent
body which framed and passed these resolutions, the injus-
tice to believe that they regarded an appropriation for the
purpose of negotiating a peace, even though territory might
subsequently be acquired by the negotiation, an ' act by
which territory is acquired'—that they either expectcd or
desired that an 'unalterable, fundamental article or pro-
vision' would be appended to an appropriation bill, or that
they intended to mingle our domestic and our foreign policy
by ingrafting upon a bill to raise money for negotiation, a
clause for the domestic regulation of territory yet belonging
to a foreign and hostile Power. The territory supposed to
be that contemplated by all is California, which is now
free; and if it is obtained by us, it will be free until it is
incorporated by us, and cannot become a slave Territory
without the legislation of Congress; and in and by such
legislation, a fundamental article prohibiting slavery can
properly be inserted. Such provisions might, to be sure, be
stipulated in a treaty of cession; but as it would scarcely
become the sovereignty of the United States, or of any
single State, to permit a foreign Power to interfere in our
domestic affairs, no one, it is presumed, would desire to
have it thus inserted, and make Mexico a party, and enabla
her to control it in future. This resolution, then, instructs
us that when any Territory shall be brought within our
jurisdiction by the act of Congress—whatever that act may
be—to insert in such an act a fundamental clause prohibiting
slavery, (and so I am ready to vote, instructed or
uninstrccted,) but not to insert it in an appropriation bill,
designed to facilitate negotiations for a peace, before the
negotiation has even commenced."
I may also, in the same connection, allude to a
remark made on this floor by a statesman and
patriot, now at all events loved and honored all
over the land—I mean Henry Clay—who said,
with the utmost distinctness, during the last days
of his senatorial career, that he would not vote,
and that no consideration should induce him to
vote, for the spread of slavery into free territory.
What a striking contrast between these views
of Mr. Dickinson in 1847, and of Mr. Clay in
1850, and the doctrines of our day. Then the
extension of slavery had few advocates. Now
we hear from Certain quarters but little said for
freedom, except freedom to extend slavery; and
yet there is a loud outcry against the aggressions
of the free States upon the rights of the slave
States.
Mr. President, I now take my leave of this sub-
ject, regretting that I have taxed and wearied the
patience of the Senate so long. I did not in the
outset promise to myself, or intimate to the Sen-
ate, that 1 should say what would interest or
instruct them. I have, however, in somewhat of
a desultory manner, presented my views, and I
trust that what I have said may not be misun-
derstood or misapprehended.
admission op kansas.
REMARKS OF HON. GEO. G. DUNN,
of indiana,
In the House or Representatives,
June 26, 1856.
The House having under consideration the bill reported by
the Committee on Territories for the admission into the
Union as a State the Territory of Kansas, with the con-
stitution adopted by the Free-State convention held at
Topeka,
Mr. DUNN said: I sincerely hope that so im-
portant a measure, involving aa it does, perhaps,
