702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
or some other structure that will not interfere with
the navigation, and will not at all create any ap-
prehensions about the public health.
For these reasons I shall vote against the amend-
ment to the amendment; and, in regard^ to the
original proposition offered by the Committee on
the Distict of Columbia for the repairs of the
bridges over the Eastern Branch, I shall vote for
it, relying on the discretion which they have ex-
ercised in recommending the appropriation, if
there be no objection to its application to the pres-
ent bill, of which I am not informed.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, this is not a
new subject. I think the sense of the Senate has
been taken on it more than once, and in every in-
stance there has been a strong decisive vote in
opposition to the Long Bridge. I am opposed to
it as a nuisance to the public health. It seems to
me impossible that there should he an obstruction
of that kind placed in the river at that point which
would not be a nuisance to the public health. I
believe this to be the opinion of the inhabitants
who are intimately acquainted with the subject,
and who know practically what the operation has
been.
But, sir, I am opposed to it still more strongly
because in itself it is unjust to the people of
Georgetown. They live on a broad, navigable
river, with a harbor accessible heretofore by ves-
sels of large size. What has Congress done ? You
have thrown a bridge across that river; you have
depreciated the property of the inhabitants of
Georgetown; you have deprived them of the priv-
ileges which belong to them from nature, without
the interference of man. If it were proposed here
to throw a bridge across one of the harbors of Vir-
ginia, no member of this body would denounce it
m stronger terms than my friend before me, [Mr.
Hunter.] Suppose it were proposed to throw a
bridge across the harbor of New York, across
the harbor of Charleston, or across any other
harbor, or across any river, below the head of
navigation, and, in such a way as to impede nav-
igation, to block up to a certain extent the high-
way which nature had provided for those dwell-
ing on its banks—who would notresistit? Itis
not right; it is not doing justice to the people of
Georgetown*, and I am opposed to every interfer-
ence of this sort, here or anywhere else.
Besides, 1 think there ought to be a bridge at
Georgetown. Georgetown is a part of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and its people arc entitled to
a connection with Virginia. There are points
there where a bridge can be constructed which
will not interfere with the rights of navigation,
and that bridge may be the medium of commu-
nication, winter and summer, between the North
and South by railroad communication. I per-
ceive that there is a labored attempt to direct the
connection between the northern and southern
railroads, by a railroad bridge across the Potomac
below the city of Georgetown, and then you
must have in that bridge, an opening for vessels
to pass; you must not only cut off the navigation
of the inhabitants of Georgetown, but you must
expose the whole public to the danger of plung-
ing into the river; whereas, if you cross by way
of Gcoigetown you give this city and the public,
North and South, the benefit of a permanent com-
munication. This, if you have reference to the
future, will be altogether more important than
any consideration connected with the present site
of the Long Bridge.
But, sir, independently of this view, I am en-
tirely opposed to the old bridge, as doing great
injustice to the people of Georgetown, who are
entitled to look to us for the protection of their
natural rights.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I ought not
to be silent on this occasion, because my mind
has been thoroughly made up on this question.
This subject has been twice before the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I have come to a conclu-
sion—and against a weight of authority in favor
of Washington and opposed to Georgetown—
that the Long Bridge ought not to stand. When
my friend from Virginia, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, undertakes to maintain
that it is no obstruction to navigation, he does so
in accordance with the convictions of his own
mind, from such evidence as has been presented
to him. I undertake to say, however, from the
evidence which has been presented to my mind,
that it is not only an obstruction, but it is one of
those obstructions that must ultimately result in
building up Washington at the expense of
Georgetown. I believe that, if there were no bridge
there atall,inacommercialpointof view George-
town would have the advantage of Washington
in some respects. If in this contest the parties
were changed; if the numbers, the wealth, and
the influence exercised through the city of Wash-
ington were transferred to Georgetown, that
bridge would come down in a day. As it is,
Georgetown is weak, and the bridge remains.
It is said that this bridge is no obstruction. I
shall not go into all the details of the evidence
which has been before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; but this palpable view may be taken of
the subject: Would you prefer to be compelled to
open a gate, in going to your farm over another
person's land, or to have no gate at all? Here is
a great highway. You may have it arched, and
you may have all the fncile appliances of opening
and shutting gates, and you may say it is no in-
cumbrance, but the civil law regards it as a " ser-
vitude" when you have to submit to anything of
that kind. When great highways like the Poto-
mac are obstructed or encumbered, or have any-
thing thrown over them calculated to arrest the
free ingress and egress which nature previously
allowed, I am not permitted for a single moment
! to doubt the correctness of the conclusion that it
constitutes an obstruction. Before the Long
Bridge was erected, vessels went to Georgetown
that do not go there now. Throughout the whole
history of Georgetown and Washington, from the
time when thatbridge was built, there has been but
one voice from Georgetown in favor of pulling it
down, and one voice from Washington to keep
it up. The commentary is afforded by the inter-
ests of the parties; and I think the people of
Georgetown know very well whether it is an ob-
struction or not. There has been a constant con-
test between Washington and Georgetown—
Washington wishing to keep up the bridge, and
she will probably succeed, by influence, by evi-
dence, by argument, by power—I use the word
"power" merely as descriptive of the influence
which is exercised through public opinion here.
It is my interest in traveling to have a bridge
at or near this point; but it is no great inconveni-
ence to go round by way of Georgetown. I think it
is injustice to the weaker party to proscribe it by
giving a preference to the stronger in this law suit.
We are told that the mud flat in the Potomac
has not been the result of the Long Bridge. Let
any one look at it, as I have done, at low-water.
I have seen the accretion of mud there in con-
sequence of the bridge; it is palpable to the eye.
When you look at it and notice the drains from
the hills in the neighborhood, you perceive that
it must necessarily produce sickness.
Sir, 1 know very well—though lam no prophet—
that as certainly as you make an appropriation to
repair the bridge, in three years it will be appro-
priated for the purposes of the Alexandria and
Baltimore Railroad Company as a railroad high-
way across the Potomac. Private companies
will appropriate it, and you will divert all the
rights which Georgetown has m the navigation
of the Potomac.
I have endeavored, Mr. President, to be impar-
tial in the examination of this question; I have
consulted my judgment, and I am satisfied—with-
out going into the details of the evidence—that it
is not only an obstruction, but a proscription, of
the commercial advantages which Georgetown
would have without it. I shall vote against any-
thing that goes to favor the continuance of the
structure. If I were to consult the dictates of jus-
tice and policy, 1 would pull it down to-morrow.
Mr. HUNl'ER. I find, sir, that it is much
easier for gentlemen to come to peremptory con-
clusions in reference to matters which do not
very much interest them, than to examine the
evidence in regard to them.
Mr. BUTLKU. I have examined the evidence.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very certain that my
friend was not aware of the fact that the chart of
179*2 shows that the mud existed there long before
the bridge was formed, and therefore the bridge
could not have formed the flat.
Mr. BUTLER. Jt may have been there, but
it is very certain that the bridge has helped to
increase it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is very certain that if it
was there before, it was owing to some natural
cause, which would have occasioned the deposit
of sediment there, and would have continued to
increase without the bridge.
My friend was not aware of the fact that the
bar upon which the vessels stop is not occasioned
by the Long Bridge, but is a bar at the lower end
of Mason's Island, occasioned by the causeway
erected by the people of Georgetown themselves.
Such is the opinion of engineers—men competent
to decide such questions. He was not aware, I
am sure, that, so far from being designed as an
injury to Georgetown, the causeway of the Long
Bridge was constructed for the very purpose of
aiding them; and that, in 1832, a report was made
by an officer of the engineer corps, recommending
the construction of this causeway in order to force
all the water through one channel,so as todeepen
it. This was recommended for the welfare of
Georgetown; and, I believe, on the authority of
their opinion, that if it were removed to-morrow,
the effect would be to lessen the depth of water
in the channel which they are now using, whilst
it is true it might open two others, always of
inferior importance, and never much used. If all
this be so—and I speak not on my own authority,
but on that of engineers, and on the authority of
charts and maps—not only would it be no injury
to Georgetown to continue this structure, but it
would be a benefit to her. That it would be a
benefit to the city of Washington, to the people
of Virginia, and to those who pursue the great
line of travel north and south, nobody can doubt.
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] is
mistaken in supposing that it is as near to go
around by Georgetown to Alexandria as to cross
at this bridge. I have the authority of persons
interested in the railroad for saying so. I know
that they believe it would increase the cost very
much to go above Georgetown in order to cross
the river. But, sir, we are told that we should
take, as evidence of the fact that they are injured
by this bridge, the opinions of citizens of George-
town. It was according to the wishes and the
opinions of the citizens of Georgetown that a
causeway was made from Mason's Island to the
Virginia shore which has been the reason of the
injuries which they suffer. They were told at the
time, as I understand, by a person cognizant of
the facts, by the very engineer who made the
structure, that it would have the effect which has
ensued from it—tliat it would injure instead of
improving the navigation.
When we see that, according to the chart, there
was no bar below Mason's Island until the cause-
way was made from the island to the Virginia
shore; when we ascertain that this bar—the one
on which the vessels stop—has been constantly
increasing since the construction of that cause-
way; when we have the opinion of experienced
engineers, that it is owing to their own work
that this bar was occasioned; and when,'in ad-
dition to all this, we fmd that it does not touch
the mud flat which adjoins the bridge, but that
there is a deep channel of water between the bar
at Mason's Island and the mud flat, and between
that bar and the bridge—to what other conclusion
can we come, than that it was occasioned by their
own work? That is the very bar from which
they are suffering; and if the bridge and its cause-
way were removed, how can we suppose we should
get rid of the evil of that mud flat? We know it
was in process of formation before the bridge was
put there. But suppose that anything were done
for the purpose of removing it; and suppose the
causeway of the Long Bridge were removed; that
would not be incompatible with a bridge upon
piers; and the piers of the bridge would not stop
the sediment. The bridge might still remain
where it was, if we chose to try the experiment
of removing the causeway; and if we did, we
should be acting against the opinion of engineers,
against the opinion of those who know more
about such matters than I do. I know that my
opinion in regard to such matters is worth nothing.
I speak on the authority of the reports of Colonels
Hughes and Abert, engineers—men selected by
the Government to act on this subject.
We must remember that the bridge has been in
existence ever since 1809; and whatever may have
been said as to the sense of the Senate, as ex-
pressed m the last two years, it has been the
sense of the Government ever since 1809 to keep
up this bridge. I believe that the public interest
will require it to be maintained. If you suffer the
