60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
snnui them; I never had any doubt of that; we
did not grant them power, and could not grant
them power, to pass unconstitutional laws. Ac-
cordingly, on an amendment to the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
I did agree to vote for the repeal of those laws
which were against the Constitution. I agreed
to it, not because it was necessary, practically,
for the rights of the citizens of Kansas, as I will
presently show, but because some of our friends
said it would presentthe issue in abetterand more
acceptable form to them; and I did what I did not
believe was necessary for those citizens, in order
that my friends here might go to the people with
such a record as presented fully and fanly their
opinions.
But, sir, that is the utmost limit of concession
to which those of us who suppoited the Kansas-
Nebraska act can" go. We granted the people of
the Territory, by this charter, if I may so call it,
by this law, the power to legislate on ordinary
subjects, and we have no right to interfere with
that legislation. At least it would be in contra-
vention of the grant—it would be breaking down
that act on which a great party 1ms placed itself,
on which the issue is formed, and on which the
struggle is going on, if we were to undertake to
repeal their legislation when it is not unconstitu-
tional. We agreed to treat them as a body-pol-
itic. If they passed inexpedient or improper
Taws, they must remedy them as the people of
the States do. To that extent we put them, in
some respects, on a level with the States. They
have to encounter the same dangers and mistakes
that evo«-y other body-politic lias, and they must
meet and remedy them in the same manner. So
fur as that is concerned, I apprehend the friends
of that act never can accede to the repeal of any
other than unconstitutional legislation.
It is known, arid it is obvious, the very pro-
ceedings of this committee of conference show,
that the House will never be contented with that
concession. They will demand the repeal of such
acts as they believe to be improper, and inexpe-
dient, and impolitic. A majority of the House, as
now constituted, do not acknowledge, I believe,
the validity of the Kansas Legislature at. all.
Therefore, we iu v«r can settle this question,
unless a majority of this body are prepared to
siy that they will abolish the principles of the
Nebraska-Kansas act, that they will undo the
work upon which they have risked and periled
so much, and return to the other mid the older
principle of territorial legislation. J apprehend
that nobody suppose^ a majority of the S< nate
will do that, or that they ought to do it; or
lather, no one of the majority supposes they
ought to do it. b this: be so, it is manifestly im-
possible that we   ■ ever settle upon the appro-
priation hill any \fieation, as it may be called,
or any settlement of the Kansas question.
I have said it is not, in my opinion, necessary,
so far as the rights of the citizens of Kansas are
concerned, for us to interpose m regard to laws
which may be unconstitutional. In regard to any
unconstitutional law, they have all the piotection
which the people of the States have—they have
the protection of the Constitution. Does any
man believe that unconstitutional laws could be
enforced through the judiciary? Is there an
lm-lance in which one of these laws has been
enforced > [ heard the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Dotgi.asJ who is better posted on the facts of
the ease than I am, say there has been no such
instance. I have heard of none. I believe there
could be none such, because the judiciary would
interpose to prevent the enforcement of any un-
constitutional laws.
It is obvious that, if both parties here had the
same confidence in the judicial y in Kansas which
they repose in the judiciary elsewhere, they never
would insist on such a proportion; they would
believe the protection of the judiciary was suffi-
cient. It is because they entertain opinions in
regard to that judiciary, and in regard to the Pres-
ident of the United States, who holds the power
of the removal of the territorial judges, which we
do not entertain. They do not trust them to the
extent we do. At any rate we can never agree
tiiat the judiciary in Kansas, (which is o part of
the general system of the country appointed by ;
him who appoints judges in all the other Terri-
tories,) is not to.be trusted to the same extent to ,
which it is to be trusted elsewhere. We must 1
presume that the President will do his duty; and
unless facts can be shown, which have not been
to my satisfaction, we have the right to presume
the judges are as much entitled to confidence
there as in the other Territories.
I say, therefore, so far as the citizens of Kan-
sas are concerned, there is no practical inconve-
nience likely to arise in regard to unconstitutional
laws. If the matter be left to stand where it stands
now, they will be as well off as if we had taken
this measure and passed it as an independent bill,
as proposed by the Senator from California, [Mr.
i Weller.] I am the more continued, after fur-
i ther conference with the House, in the opinion
; which I expressed yesterday, that this House
I never will be satisfied with any biil which pro-
! poses to do no more than that of the Senator from
' California. I think their opinion on that matter
has been sufficiently expressed. I feel bound,
after a fall and fair consideration of the whole
field, to say that 1 see nothing now that is left us,
unless we mean to recede from our ground, and
sacrifice what I really believe to be our constitu-
tional rights, but to move that the Senate also
adhere to their amendment. That motion I sub-
mit.
Mr. SEWARD. This debate, Mr. President,
mingles two very different, although kindred sub-
jects. I shall not go at large into a discussion of
either, but, be content to mark for the consider-
ation of the Senate and the country some cardinal
points.
I address myself first to the conflict between
the two Houses of Congress on the Army bill, as
that conflict now stands. The chairman of the
committee of conference on the pait of the Senate
[Mr. IInNTiiitj is understood by me to say, that
it is everywhere conceded that the present ma-
jority m the House of Representatives is only an
accidental one; and that this i louse, if it were
full, would concur with the Senate. I desne it to
be understood thnt I make no such concession.
I have, indeed, all through the debates on the
Army bill, expressed doubts about the firmness
and peisistency of the House of Representatives.
1 have done so, however, with pain. Hut, on the
1 contrary, I say now, with the utmost respect for
i the House, that I have seen it steadily, from the
; first day of the session, becoming firmer and more
j true and steadfast in the cause of justice, freedom,
I and humanity. 1 from the first trusted that it
j would turn out so, for 1 knew the influences,
| originating, not, as Senators may suppose, here,
■ but in the hearts of the constituency of that power,
i tiie American pi ople, which, if they could not
J increase the number of defenders of that sacred
' cause in the House, were sure to animate those
' defenders with increasing zeal and devotion. I
f believe now, sir, and shall believe until a different !
conviction is forced upon me by events, that the
! more lhc number of that House shall be increased
! by the return of absentees, after consultation with ^
! the people, the firmer will the House stand on the 1
! issue you have made with it. I feel assured, now, I
j that the House will stand until the end of this
| extraordinary session—ay, if there shall be need,
| until the end of the term of the present Congress, ;
, upon the noble position they have assumed, that 1
j the President of the United States shall not employ |
J the Federal Army to enforce the unconstitutional !
jj and tyrannical laws of the armed usurpers of j
'j Kansas. j
While I thus make this correction in regard to '
the matter of fact involved in the statement of :
i' the Senator from Virginia, I must take leave to s
j' say that the Senate of the United States to-day is !
!i not that possible body of men who would con-
j! stitute it, if all its seats were full, but that actual 1
'j body of men (being a quorum) who are now
;! present and actually attending. Those Senators ,
who are absent constitute no part of the Senate
actually deciding on the great interests of the
country. They are possible members only, but
:J practically they perform no duty, and incur no
, responsibility; and their opinions, therefore, arc .
; not a subject of discussion. So it is in the House 1
' of Representatives. The two hundred members
, actually attending there constitute, for all practi-
] cal purposes, the representative body of the Amer-
: iean people.
! I make now another point: I thank the House
of Representatives, and congratulate the country
upon a happy turn of the last conference. The!'
committee have simplified the issues between the :
two Houses, and reduced them to one plain,
simple, and clearly comprehensible. Yesterday,
and every day for nearly a month past, we have
been told of the absurdities of the proviso adopted
by the House, in proposing to authorize the Pres-
ident to keep open the national highways leading
to Kansas, and requiring him to disarm the so-
called militia of that Territory. We are now in-
formed that both these conditions will be with-
drawn.by the House, and we can pass the Army
bill, if the Senate will simply agree to a naketl
proviso, that the Army shall not be employed as
a police to execute the miscalled laws of the body
winch claims to be the Territorial Legislature of
| Kansas. There is an end, therefore, to declama-
! tion, as well as argument, on those collateral sub-
j jects, and we are brought directly to the one sim-
I pie issue thus stated. On that issue, taking my
j place by the side of the House, I am prepared
and content to stand.
I am, indeed, appealed to to yield before the
terrors of civil war. I am conjured to surrender
my positions by the love which I bear to pcace
and harmony.
Mr. HUNTER. Did the Senator from New
York understand me to say that the House com-
mittee of conference would have been contented
with this alone ? 1 said this was one of a series
of propositions.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the Senator to
cay that.
Mr. HUNTER. I said this was one of a series;
and the others were not submitted, when we
failed to agree on this.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator stated
that was the condition of affairs, i understand
that the honorable chairman of the committee of
the [louse reported to that House substantially
as I have stated the result of the conference here.
1 have verified the fact, and so I now stand upon
it.
Mr. President, I do indeed love peace; I do
indeed l'ear the tenors of civil war; but that is
not enough to make me sun under an object more
impoi tant than peace—liberty. Peace ! The Sen-
ate will give peace to Kansas now on one condi-
tion—that Kansas will surrender freedom, and
accept slavery. Is there anything new m this
proposition? Is it not the very proposition that
you made when you passed the "Kansas-Nebraska
law? If the people of Kansas would have ac-
cepted slavery, they could have had peace at the
hands of Congress eighteen months ago, and there
would never have been antarauder, or even a how-
tile mtrudei, fiom Missouri, within the Territory.
They have always had the option of pi ace; they
have it now, independently of you; they have
only to strike the colors of freedom, and run up
the black flag of slavery, and thereupon peace,
Older, and tranquillity will reign throughout the
praiiies they have chosen for their abode. Ay,
and the longer that slavery shall last there, down
to that period,! know not how distant, when the
African race ltsi If shall lise to asseit its own
wrongs, the surer and more profound will be the
peace th.it will prevail there.
Now, even if the people of Kansas were willing
to strike the flag of freedom, which they have
defended through so many perils, I have yet to
say, that 1 am a representative of one of the States
of this Union that claims the right to maintain
the balance of freedom in this council chamber
of the States. I want Kansas here a free State.
New York wants her to come here free, if she
shall enter the Confederacy at all. Wo may as
well come dircctly to this issue, then. You want
Kans.is organized ns a slave State, and you will
give her peace if she will accept slavery; if she
do not accept slavery, she must take war, with
its dangers and its desolations.
Senators propose this condition as if it were
a new one offered now for the first time. They
express surprise that I am not alarmed, when
they tell me that civil war, except on the condition
of slavery, is inevitable and imminent. 3h , there
was civil war in Kansas when we assembled here
in Decembi r; a military revolution had been ef-
fected there, an armed usurpation was established
there, and there was opposition and resistance to
it: there was commotion, strife, bloodshed, then
and there. Every day the tragedy has been ad-
vancing steadily m the development of the hor-
rois of civil war. Justas soon as T could ^ot the
rentage ground of the Topcka constitution to
