IW
APPSWmX To YHS COflGRgSSiONAV GkQPP,
[June 26.
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Dunn.
Hq. of Reps.
a free government can last a day, or popular
liberty Survive an hour, when passion moves the
multitude in all the walks of life, and indecent
haste or arbitrary violence drives careful investi-
gation and patient, temperate deliberation from
the Halls of legislation. ...
Wherefore this swift zeal to do something at a
moment's warning, which a committee of this
House walks in here and commands? Why shall
it be done just as this committee requires ? Are
we not to "have leisure to consider whether the
proposition may not make matters worse ? Shall
we nave no privilege of trying to make the meas-
ure acceptable to all, as near as possible—at any :
rate, beneficial to all? Shall there not be an op-
portunity for every member to contribute his
mite, however small or inconsiderable, to the
swollen treasures of wisdom of this or any other
committee, for the healing of this great and
alarming sore upon the public heart ? All our rules
are so; the theory of our Government is so; the
necessity of all free governments is so. How comes
it, then, that, on this occasion, a few gentlemen |
have a right to walk into this Hall with a Pro- ,
crustean bed, and compel other members, in every
meritorious respect tneir peers, not only to lie ,
upon that hed, but to fit it? The whole thing is j
wrong—a wrong to every member of this House, |
and to every man in this country. It is of the
greatest moment that a most earnest and determ-
ined effort be made to settle these alarming and in-
creasing troubles: it is of the greatest moment that
peace, as well as freedom, be secured for Kansas.
You can do neither by revolutionary resorts.
It was but a few weeks before the events attend-
ing the death of Mr. Adams, that another illus-
trious man, one before whom all rose up and said,
" Hail, defender of the Constitution !'' made his
great appeal for order and regularity in all the
operations and movements of Government, State
and National, in the chamber of our highest
judicial tribunal. There he plead the cause of
the country, the Constitution,and our institutions.
His appeal was heard and sustained. That tri-
bunal settled the question—which it would seem
should never have been raised, or a doubt upon
it raised—that all public action in this country
designed to control and bind our political move-
ments and condition must conform to precedent,
law, and usage; otherwise such action was void,
as amounting to at least incipientrevolution. Its
tendency is to violent conflict and the total over-
throw of all government. It displaces legitimate
authority, and turns the State out of power. All
doctrines and all purposes of this revolting char-
acter have, from the organization of our present
Government until recently, been held in general
condemnation in all departments of life, and
amongst almost all men. No doubt tfiey have
had their occasional advocates, but never until
now of such reputation, or in such numbers, as
to command any respect or serious countenance
from our people. Our whole history has been
one of adherence to usage, to precedent, to pre-
scribed modes of action. The people settled for
themselves at the outset that they would only be
the potential people when they spoke at the times,
and in the modes, and through the organs or
forms, which they then did, or subsequently
might, establish^ It never was, and I trust it
never will be, any part of our theory or practice
to give up the conduct of our affairs, great or
small, to unlicensed or irresponsible multitudes.
As the voice of God is only heard and known in
his proclaimed law, so only do we hear or know
anything of the voice of the people—so only is it
safe for us ever to hear or know it. Mischiefs,
no doubt, often arise which the law is necessarily
stow in relieving. Such I am satisfied is now the
case in Kansas. Sometimes, indeed, that law
may even entirely fail to relieve; but because this
is so shall we break through our self-imposed
restraints—restraints, too, that are absolutely es-
sential to our preservation—and with brute forc^
—perhaps, in some cases, with brute rage, also—
undertake the correction of evil? If this begins,
■where is it to end ? Who shall determine where
it shall begin, and where it shall end ? jOoes not
every one see this is downright barbarism ? It
needs but the finishing advocacy of cannibalism
to reduce it tQ the ptate and condition of a race of
fiends.
I put these revolutionary doctrines and their
ultimate tendencies strongly, that good men may
see the end and pause before that step is taken,
which followed leads to what has so often
occurred before. Look at every page of human
history, and read the story of incipient disease—
the decline and the death of past empires, as it is
traced in letters of blood and fire. Read that
page, though it sear your eye-balls, and it will
make you wise unto a national salvation.
The pretense, that precedents are to be foi^nd
for the proposed action under this bill,in the ad-
mission of Michigan, Arkansas, and some other
States, is unfounded—it is untrue. The assertion
may serve its evil end of inflaming still more
an already exasperated people, who have not
access to public records for correct information.
There Vrere irregularities in those cases—such
as appear to me to have been improper then as
they would be now. But in this instance there
are not only those irregularities, but other and
greater objections. Will any one tell us upon
reliable authority how many votes were cast for
delegates to this Topeka convention ? How many
of those votes were given by persons entitled to
vote under any law of that Territory or of this
country? How many may have voted without
having the proper qualification ? How many,
entitled by every existing law on the subject, of
the inhabitants of that Territory did not vote at
all, because, as they may have supposed, as the
fact was, that that election was wholly unauthor-
ized by law, or for any other reason? Can any
one tell whether a majority or a minority of the
qualified voters of tne Territory voted at that
election and chose the delegates to the constitu-
tional convention ? Can any one answer all or any
of these questions satisfactorily, or even plausibly,
as to the election at which we are told this consti-
tution was ratified by the people ? In this whole
matter all is uncertainty, all is irregularity, all is
revolutionary. And we are now asked, without
knowledge—regardless ofprinciple and precedent,
regardless of consequences, to crown these pro-
ceedings with the diadem of sovereignty. Against
it all, in the name of all that is valuable and
precious to us in the past—in the name of all that
is great and noble and glorious in our present
possession—in the name of all that is crowding
and swelling and glowing in a mighty future,
before the vision of the most hopeful matures, I
most earnestly and solemnly protest. The mariner
who is driven by tempests and strong currents
into an unknown sea, consults those ancient and
fixed lights which have been the beacons and
guides of his brethren for a thousand years; and
thus he finds again his old familiar paths upon
the ocean, where his ship takes hold in safety.
He does not, either from fright or frenzy, turn
his eye upon erratic meteors or rushing comets,
and go down to destruction. A. wise statesman
will follow his example and save his country.
Therefore, in the midst of our peril to-day, in
the midst of these wild and unknown waves,
these shoals and breakers, let us consult our
charts, and all will be well. Do not risk these
fires along the shore. They are but the treacher-
ous lights and lures of wreckers and plunderers,
Stand out to sea, and look upon the north star
of your own great and permanent past, and none
need fear but that prospering winds shall soon
again fill our spreading sails.
I will go as far as he who dares go furthest in
reclaiming the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska to freedom, by any and all rightful means.
Such means are most abundant, and, by them,
with a firm persistence, success is certain, and
peace then will fill all our borders.^ But I never
Will concur in propositions, in their very nature
subversive of all government, which, if carried
out, would overturn this Government as certainly
as it sprang from a revolution, and could only
arise upon the ruins of the one which preceded it.
It is the duty of all men to resist such a calamity,
and, under the blessing of heaven, I will resist
while I have power to stand in the way of sqch
wickedness; for it is nothing less than wickedness.
I(i the face of such peril, no man has the right to
regard the appliances or the purposes of any party
—to he/sd the persuasion within, or the press-
ure from without. What may bg thg fatq, polit-
ical on otherwise, of any ofyeorus, or of any other
man, or of any party of men, is_ of no moment
compared with all that is now periled. It will not
do, either, to hunt for excuses for such violent
and dangerous resorts, by pointing to and de-
nouncing the treachery, or anything else, which
has thus covered our horizon with these threat-
ening clouds. The mighty son of Manoah, to be
avenged upon his enemies, when he had fallen
into their hands, in blindness and rage seized the
pillars of the house in which they were feasting,
and tore all to the ground—perishing, himself, in
the ruins that destroyed them. Was this any-
thing but the fury of a beast? Is it an example
for rational men to follow ? It may be that we,
like him, have something of our calamity to
ascribe to our own folly. We, too, have had our
thoughts turned to a little dalliance—not exactly
with the woman in the valley of Sorek, but with
one as fair and twice as false—which in party plat-
forms is called "progress," but in the mouths of
plain men is called plunder. There is the begin-
ning of these evils. At every step, our ill-gotten
empire—(which, be it remembered, is the fruit of
this same wild bfisfe to serve the cause of freedom,
as was most falsely pretended at the time)—has
overwhelmed us with embarrassment and envi-
roned us with dangers. Every consideration urges
us, now, to pause and reflect—to take our future
course, whatever it shall be, with the utmost cir-
cumspection and well-considered prudence. It
will not do to say, there is no time. No time! Let
us takb time. There is time enough to consider
and mature in Committee of the Whole, and there
we send it for that purpose, a bill appropriating
, 4 few thousand dollars for a penitentiary in Kan-
! sas or Nebraska, or a military road to our great
national Sodom; but to give freedom to an empire,
and peace to twenty millions of peopte—to see if
something cannot he done to check the progress
of slavery and extinguish the fires of civil war—
there is no time! What insufferable mockery is
this to a distracted country!
Sir, I have only mentioned one insuperable
objection to that bill, (for I heard it indistinctly;)
that is, that it makes no provision whatever for
the fact, that every State officer chosen for this
new Government is under indictment for tjreason*
and must undergo his final trial in the Federal
courts. How will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania answer that objection ? Can he answer it ?
Is there any answer to it, unless it be, that this
bill will put a sword in the hands of those in-
dicted and imprisoned men? And suppose it
does put a sword into their hands, and bid them
I strike, is not there a sword also in the bands of
the national Executive which, by the Constitu-
tion and laws, he is bound to use in maintaining
the action of the Federal court until those indicted
persons are, by the court, disposed of in due
course of law? Your proposition, then, is sim-
ply, th$t the prisoner shall slay his keeper if he
will not let him escape, and the keeper shall kill
the prisoner if he tries to escape. Was there
ever such a remedy for embarrassment before?
These indictments in form charge an offense which
is treason by the express language of the Constitu-
tion cf tb( United States. Whether the facts are
so, is a matter that is to be submitted, under our
well-defined system, to a court and jury for trial.
If they should find against truth ana right, under
I improper local or other influences, the injured par-
ties have stiH l?ft to them a safe resort to a tribunal
where those influences will not reach them. We
may all have our opinions about those prosecu-
tions; "but those opinions cannot help or prevent
the stern progress of the law. There is no an-
swer which can be given by any one to tfcis diffi-
culty, under such a bill as that, which will not di_s-
close? as inevitable, greater and worse troubles in
Kansas than evpn now exist, and more bitter-
ness and exasperation amongst our people every-
where else—perhaps precipitating thewhole coun-
try into a general and bloody conflict. We all
! know" it needs no great encouragement to bring
! aboijt such alarming events; ana are we, who are
for thp time specially charged with the duty of
seeing that no harm shall happen to the Republic,
to stand here idle, and say, "There is no time? or,
what is worse, as would be the result from such
a bill as that, to invite and hasten its coming?
Shall we inprease, by the madness of our action,
the power of these impending evils to weaken of
