1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
at the session of 1855, (not heretofore presented,)
instructing their Senators, and requesting their
Representatives, to use all practicable means to
secure the passage of laws:
First. Repealing all laws of the United States
authorizing slavery in the District of Columbia.
Second, An act repealing the statute of 1850,
known as the fugitive slave law.
Third. An act forever prohibiting slavery or
involuntary servitude, except for crime, within
the Territories of the United States; and
Fourth. To oppose the admission of any more
slave States into the Union.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Maine, passed at the session of 1856,
declaring that the aforesaid resolves, approved
March 17, 1855, «' set forth doctrines which are
not satisfactory to the people of this State, and
are calculated to increase sectional agitation with-
out accomplishing any good result; and to place
the State in an attitude of apparent hostility to the
Union and the Constitution."
First. That the people of Kansas, under the
Constitution of the United States and the organic
act establishing the Territory, are entitled to pro-
tection and the full enjoyment of their political
and. civil rights, against interference from any
quarter, in the regulation of their domestic insti-
tutions.
Second. That the Territory of Kansas should
be admitted as a State into the Union, wlicnever
it shall have the requisite population, in accord-
ance with the usages which have heretofore been
considered necessary in similar cases.
Third. That secrct, oath-bound political asso-
ciations are hostile to a republican form of Gov-
ernment, destroy the rights of minorities, corrupt
the purity of the ballot-box, and become potent
engines by which cunning and ambitious men
may subvert the power of the people, and usurp
for themselves the reins of Government.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARKSDAL&. ' 1 ask the unanimous
conscnt of the House to introduce a bill, merely
with a view to its reference.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I now renew the
motion I made a short time since, that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw ins objection to my
request. The bill I wish to introduce is a private
bilr, and, therefoic, has direct reference to the
business which is regularly m order to-day.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If we pursue the regular
order of business, the gentleman will soon get an
opportunity to iutioduco Ins bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's mo-
tion*, ana it was decided in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. Ljkiter in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of bills upon the Private Calendar.
WEST DRINKWATER AND OTHERS.
The first bill upon the Calender was a bill (H.
R. No. 205) for the relief of West Drinkwater
and others. It provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized and directed to pay
to West Drinkwater, Kingsbury Duncan, Jona-
than Clark, Samuel Duncan, and John Duncan,
or to such persons as may be legally authorized
to receive the some, as their licit« or legal repre-
sentatives, the sum of $33,913 17, that being the
amount paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and placed to the account of fines, penal-
ties^ and forfeitures, in consequence of a suit—the
United States versus sloop Mary and cargo—in the
district court of Maine, January and April, 1815;
the said sloop having been captured by the afore-
said named persons from the British, and deliv-
ered to the proper authorities of the United States
in the State of Maine; said sum to be paid to the
several persons hereinbefore named, or to their
heirs or legal representatives, in equal parts.
It appears, from the evidence submitted to the
committee in this case., that Noah Miller, as cap-
tain, and West Drinkwater, Kingsbury Duncan,
Jonathan Clark, Samuel Duncan, and John Dun-
can, jr., as boat's crew, all of Northport, Maine,
captured the British sloop Mary,' on the morn-
ing of November 14,1814, in Penobscot bay, and
carried her into Camden; said sloop was from
Halifax, bound to Castine; and was laden with a
valuable cargo of clothing and other supplies for
the British troops then occupying that place, and
was within five or six miles of her destination
when taken. Her captors were offered <£10,000
for her lansom, which they refused.
Upon the arrival of said sloop at Camden, she
was seized by the United States revenue officers,
and, together with her cargo, decreed forfeited
and confiscated to the United States, and was sold
at auction, by order of the United States court,
for the sum of $69,790 64. The expenses at-
tending the confiscation and both sales were
$3,364 31, leaving the net proceeds of both sales
$66,426 34, one half of which ($33,213 17) was
paid by Josiah Hook, collector of Penobscot dis-
trict, into the Treasury of the United States in
1815. The other moiety was divided, as will
appear by paper marked A, as follows: Josiah
Hook, $14,106 58; Noah Miller, $14,106 58; and
the boat's crew—the petitioners in this case—re-
ceived but $1,000 each, although they were prom-
ised by Miller equal shares with himself, in any
and all prizes which they might take.
The petitioners ask that the moiety, $33,213 17,
which was paid into the United States Treasury
more than forty years ago, be now refunded to
them.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield me the iloor for a few moments,
to enable me to make an explanation in reference
to this report.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Maine
will remember that T obtained the floor, at the last
sitting of the committee, to speak upon this bill;
but if the gentleman desires to make a brief state-
ment before I say anything, I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. KNOWLTON. The committee which
has had this case under consideration find that the
claim has been several times before Congress, in
different forms, and there seems to be but one
point upon which it must be made to turn.
The petitioners in tins case claim that they acted
in good faith, believing that their commander had
authority, under Jus commission, 10 take prizes.
The facts of the case, as presented at tiie time,
seem to be, that the commander, Noah Miller,
ascertaining, or knowing, perhaps, at the time,
that he had no authority to take prizes, after con-
sultation with the collector of the district of Maine,
entered the prize which he had captured as a seiz-
ure, under the act to prohibit violations of the
revenue laws.
At different times the question has been raised,
but the facts afterwards coming out—the district
attorney for the district of Maine having himself
discovered, as is testified in a letter which is in-
cluded in the report of the committee, on another
case when Captain Miller himself applied for an
appropriation—that Miller had no commission
whatever as a Government officer, so that the
money paid into the Treasury was not put there
legally. And the point to be acted on is, whether
these men shall be decided to have been acting as
pirates in violation of huv, and that what they
did receive, and what was paid into the Treasury,
was wrongfully done ? or whether it shall be re-
garded, as the testimony shows, that those men
acted in good faith, believing that their command-
ing officer was entitled to take prizes as a priva-
teer ?
I wish to say in explanation, further, that the
evidence shows distinctly, and beyond contro-
versy, as I think the gentleman from Virginia,
who has examined this case heretofore, will
admit, that the crew acted in good faith, believ-
ing that they had authority to take the vessel as a
prize.
One word further. It appears incidentally,
though it was not presented in a direct form
before the committee, but it appears as a matter j
of history, that, at that time, the custom-house
in that district was m the possession of the Brit-
ish, and had been for four or five weeks previous
to the capture, so that all the papers of that office
were then either destroyed or in the hands of the
British, and they could not have a commission as
privateers. But still the crew, being, as the evi-
dence shows, men who were not acquainted with
teg&I forms, and with the laws upon the subject,
believed that their commander was authorized to
take the vessel as a prize; although their com-
mander, as circumstances afterwards developed,
was not authorized to make the capture strictly
according to law.
In view of the precedents upon the subject, the
committee did not feel authorized to say that these
men were pirates. The question presented before
the committee is, whether they shall appropriate
to these men this money which has been unlaw-
fully paid into the Treasury? If the bill reported
by the committee is passed, it will simply be
paying money to which the Government was not
entitled, but of which it has had the use for the
last forty years. The committee believe that
every one who examines the case must admit
that the money is not rightfully in the Treasury.
Then, sir, if these men had authority to take this
vessel, they are entitled to the money. If they
had no authority, they must be decided to have
been pirates* But the committee, after a full ex-
amination, cannot adjudge that they were viola-
tors of the law.
I will only say further, that the amendment
proposed by the committee settles the question
among the different applicants as to the aivision
of the remainder of the prize money which is in
the Treasury; and we understand that the mode
of division we have proposed is perfectly satis-
factory to all the parties concerned. The settle-
ment we have directed to be made is upon the
basis of the laws prescribing the distribution of
prize money—the laws of 1800 and 1812. With
these remarks for the present, I submit the case.
Mr. MILLSON. The honorable gentleman
from Maine has correctly stated that this is not
the first Congress in which this case has been
presented; although this is the first time in which
it has been presented in the name of the present
complainants or petitioners. The case has, for
many years, been before both Houses of Con-
gress, prosecuted under the name of Noah Miller.
And it is because it became my duty, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce of the last
Congress, to consider and report upon the appli-
cation of Noah Miller, that I am at present
informed in relation to the facts involved in the
application now before this committee.
My examination of this case has not been a
very recent one, and it may be that I am not per-
fectly familiar with all the circumstances attend-
ing it; and if I should make any misstatement
in any particular, I ask that I may be corrected at
once on the spot by some member of the com-
mittee who reported the bill, for I do not desire
to fall into any error, or to lead the House into
any error in consequence of any statement I may
make in connection with this bill.
The facts of the case, as I understand them, are
these : Some time during the last war with Great
Britain, a man by the name of Noah Miller went
in a fishing boat, accompanied by the present pe-
titioner, West Drinkwater, and four others, upon
an expedition, for the purpose of capturing such
prizes from the British as might come within
their reach. This was a private enterprise, wholly
unauthorized by the Government of the United
States. Miller had no commission as a privateer,
and he had no appointment as an officer of the
customs. They fell m with the schooner Mary,
a British schooner, which was unarmed, and
which they captured and brought into port.
Now, these men knew very well, that under
this unlawful and unauthorized capture they had
no legal claim to the property taken. The prin-
ciples of public law applicable to this subject are
so well known, and were especially so well known
during the last war with Great Britain, that no
men, however ignorant of the ordinary principles
of law, could be uninformed upon that subject.
In the report which I submitted to Congress
at the last session, by the unanimous direction
of the Committee on Commerce, I quoted some
extracts from the public law; and, though I will
not fatigue the House by reading all of them, I
do desire to read a sentence or two for the pur-
pose of enabling the House to understand what
were precisely the rights and responsibilities of
captors. Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries,
says:
The subject lias been repeatedly discussed in the
Supreme Court of the United States, and the doctrine of
the law of nations is considered to be that private citizens
cannot acquire a title to hiostiie property unless seized
under a commission, but they may ?nJ| lawfully seize
