I85&]
w *tm immtsmMk mme.
34TH Con6....1ST SESS.
Admission tsf Kansas—Mr. Evans.
Hd. of Rips.
destroy 6ur own means to resist them ? Sir, those
who, in die recklessness of folly or the wicked-
ness of design, shall blast the hopes that ate
ours, and that are the rightful heritage of our
posterity, will be swept from the theater of their
unfaithfulness or their perfidy by a curse from
Ihe moldy sepulchres of our fathers. Out chil-
dren will rise up and spit upon tkeirgtaies. Their
memories shall be in famous in all time; and if, at
last, they should Ay for rcftrge to the seat of
mercy, they trill be driven thence btrfbre the frown
God and the xtMps of his dttngitg araih. The
history of human depravity will furnish but one
crime a parallel in blackness. As that one is,
and has been since its commission, so in all future
time shall the two be, mentioned amongst all the
fenerations of men with horror and d^lderWg.
implore gentlemen, therefore, on eVCTy side, to
pause and deliberate upon what we are about to
ao. Let us proceedwith consideration, patience,
temperance, and with I care not how great a
firmness; the greater the better, in my judgment.
If we shall do this, no man need doubt of the
success of what seems to me ought to be the Wish
of aH as to Kansas and Nebraska—-free institu-
tions—and the speedy return of what certainly
ill good ihen do wish, peace and harrnony between
til sections of a eotitmon, but now, vAhappity, exas-
perated and belligerent brotherhood,
1 am done—except to ask, for the reasons I h&va
riven, that this bill shall take the ordinary and
Bnly appropriate course.
ADMISSION Of" KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HOtf. L. D. EtAttS,
OF TEXAS,
I  the Sods* o* ftitMesiifriTiVES,
Jtmt 38,1836,
Dn the bill reported froto the CeUniftl^e *m Territori**,
for riafaistfon ttWJ Ae Urtloa, a 8<ate, of Klrnsas,
With eOnsfiltttftm «8«pted Stf tfceFrei-Btitie JNa^r ft
Topika.
Mr. EVANS Skid; Mr. Sp&akei^ a fifiOrt tiiWe
rince, I gave notite of my intention to bring be-
'o re Congress a plan for thepacificatiotf of Kan-
sas. I had hoped that the House wonld take no
lefinite action upon the subject until the report
of the investigating committee should be before
as; but, as I understand it is the intention of the
House to close debate this evening, I beg its in-
dulgence to submit my vieWs, before A filial vote
Is taken.
I do not desire, sir, to deaf iA ifc'e lariguAge Of
exaggeration, or to paint in dark and dismal colors
the threatening evils connected With the Kansas
question. The cry of peril to the Union has be-
tome so common its to be regarded by many as
a mere rhetorical artifice altogether unworthy of
Serious attention. But still I must avow myself
as one of those who believe that free Govern-
ments are always' in danger. Political societies,
and more especially liberal and1 erifigftteried States,
like individuals, have a principle of Kfe and a
complex organization of their OMfrn, Which they
must struggle eternally to maintain, bdfth against
adverse circumstances, and the interior tendencies
to decay and dissolution belonging essentially to
everything human. The same vigorous spirit of
nationality , the disinterested patriotism, the sound
practical wisdom, the sober philosophy, add moire
than all, the unselfish disposition of concession
and compromise, that coalesced in the formation
Of the Constitution, mtftt continue for its preser-
vation. And it is precisely because the Kansas
agitation can have no other effect than to weakeh
the force of these vital and necessary attributes,
that it is fraught With fearful perils, and must be
Considered as the most imminent crisis Which the
country has yet' seen.
The briefest summary of the' facts' already de-
veloped will show them to be as novel as they
are undeniably dangerous. No sooner is the
Kansas bill passed, than a terrible clamor is
raised in the North. Instantly hundreds of*jour-
nalists and impassioned orators sound the furious
battle-cry of " Freedom," and, with all the
eloquent enthusiasm of Peter the Hermit, preach
tip a political crusade against the institution of
slavery. They band together, devise emigrant aid
Societies, collect funds, and dispatch their legion-
aries to the neW Territory with the avowed object
of excluding southern property. The people of
Missouri take the alarm, rush across tne river, i
and assist in placing the power in the hands of j
their friends, the friends of slavery, and laws of :
Intense severity are hastily enacted to suppress
Abolitionism, and even to forbid the utterance of
Abolition sentiments.
Then the anti-slavery party call a convention,
and Organize a government in opposition to the
constituted authorities, and now tne strife assumes
the malign aspect of an incipient civil war. Ap-
peals to sectional prejudices everywhere inflame
the passions of the multitude; money is contrib-
uted; Sharpe'S rifles are furnished, and men enlist
for the campaign in the disputed Territory. Such
is the present state of things. A collision of the
rival factions in Kansas is menacing, and it may
occur either from accident or design at any mo-
ment.
It is useless for the least practical purpose to
inquire which party was primarily in fault, or
which has surpassed the other in the folly of their
proceedings and the violence of their conduct.
The evil has beert done; the danger stares you in
the face; and the only problem for the patriotic
statesman is to find or invent an adequate remedy,
in accordance With the Corfstitution and the sove-
reign rights of ill the citizens
Now, sir, I hold the truth to be self-evident,
6'r, ait all events, a necessary corollary from the
principle of popular sovereignty and civil equality,
that if the existing government of Kansas did not
spring from the untrammeled will of a majority
of its people, but is the result of force, fraud, or
foreign influence from Without the Territory, then
Such government is a sham and formal mockery,
etnd the plainest dictates of policy as Well as jus-
tice demand its abrogation. On the other hand,
the revolutionary government is undeniably that
of a part only of the citizens of Kansas, ana can-
not, on any rational principles, be Recognized as
legitimately representative. In fine, without trav-
eling into needless details, every person of sane
iritelleet in the United States knows that there
are two factions in the new Territory—the Advo-
cates of elaVery and the advocates of freedom;
and that nothing like positive or reliable data can
be found to determine which faction'predominates
in point 6f rtuWiberS, because there has been no
fttir election hitherto sufficient to ascertain the
general opinion.
Under 6uch circumstances, What is the manifest
duty of Congress as the great and impartial um-
pire betwixt the adverse parties ? A brief exam-
ination of the principles involved in the funda-
mental doctrine of popular sovereignty will, as I
think, enable us to solve the question.
The idea of sovereignty includes much more
than persons. It requires institutions political,
civil, and religious. These institutions must be
of h. character to cohimand the respect, sway the
affections, and bind th:e mass of separate indi-
vidualities together as a unity, a Social organ-
ism, with interior powers of self-conservation,
and VitaT properties, common to each and all the
members. But sovereignty also demands a com-
mon ground—a country where it may plant and
cherish its common institutions; in other words,
it must have and exercise civil and political juris-
diction over the soil, with the prerogative of emi-
nent domain.
Do the people of Kansas truly realize any or
all of these conditions? If so, they shoula be
authorised by th'e General'Government to assume
Aeir rank asas6vereign State of the Union. But
if Congress should neglect or refuse to act in the
matter, then I have no hesitation in saying that
the Citizens of Kansas, upon their own motion—
I mean upon the motion of the community as &
Whole, not in fragments, or antagonistic divis-
ions, and expressing the general will by the
suffrages of a certain majority—have the unques-
tionable, the absolute right to establish them-
selves as a. sovereign and independent State, to
the exclusion of the jurisdiction possessed by the
General Government to the full extent, and as
effectually as the same is excluded from the other
States of the Union. And however paradoxical
this doctrine may, at the first glance, appear, if I
am not greatly mistaken it stands completely
warranted by cardinal principles, Which no one
now can be foUnd hardy enough to controvert—
principles that lie deeply imbedded^ in the very
neart of the Constitution, as well as in the minds
and emotions of all enlightened men claiming to
be free.
1 have said nothing in reference to the nUmber
of persons necessary to form a sovereign State.
That is wisely left undefined in the Constitution,
as it iS in the law of nature and nations; for it
would be as absurd to undertake a mathematical
calculation of the numerical force requisite to con-
stitute a State as it would be to attempt the esti-
mation of the values physical, mental, or moral,
belonging to its separate members as human units.
It requires just as many individuals as may be
essential to establish and maintain, in full vigor
and activity, the American institutions—such as
the regular courts of civil and criminal judicature,
the Common schools, and the Christian churches.
I would say boldly, that ten thousand brave, in-
telligent, and enterprising pioneers, the sturdy
farmers who love the green woods and glorious
prairies of the West—such men as my humble lot
nas been cast among through life, and to whose
solid virtues and unpretending worth I am both
proud and able to bear the most ample testimony
—with their teachers, merchants, lawyers, phy-
sicians, blacksmiths, and ministers of the gospel
—With their pio«s matrons and beautiful maidens
chaste as the dew-drops that tremble in the morn-
ing beams on the boraers of the forest flowers—
all settled down in one compact community to
conquer and cultivate the soil, present the type
Of a State in its freshest, purest form, in its early
manhood, and the purple glow and promise of its
golden prime; whereas, if you had a hundred
thousand without fixed residence, or common in-
stitutions; torn by civil dissensions, and standing
ready to cut each others' throats,—from such ele-
ments of anarchy and utter chaos, you cannot
hope to build a State. There is nothing American
to receive or assirtne the jurisdiction of a society.
There can be no Government, with such a people,
but despotism in some shape or other.
In the enumeration of the indispensable don-
ditions of all sovereignty, I have stated the fact,
Universally conceded, that jurisdiction over the
earth's surface within certain prescribed limits is
absolutely essential. Hence no people living Upon
the Territories of the United States, any more
than citizens Residing in a foreign country, or
roving in their ships on the high seas, can be
Considered a sovereign community. For this rea-
son, territorial sovereignty is &n egregious fallacy,
and has led to such errors and disasters already,
as must deprive the authors of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill of the principal glory which they ex-
pect to reap in the history of the future.
The American citizen in the Territories is sov-
ereign and independent, precisely in the same
sense that he is when traveling alone oVef the
trackless waste of prairies, or trapping in the deep
gorges of the Rocky Mountains, or threading the
mazes of European capitals, or standing in the
presence of his diademed peers in that Old World,
Or When plowing with swift keel the foam of the
ocean waves. But Such ah assemblage of emi-
grants is not a Self-Sufficient society, is not a sov-
ereign State, though bound together by the most
tender relations and endearing ties of interest,
afFectibn, and friendship, until they have obtained
Supreme jurisdiction Over the soil to give that feel-
ing which forms the very bones and life-blood of
political sovereignty, as it does the vigor and
manly independence Of the individual, when he
is enabled to look down With conscious pride afrd
power upon a spot of earth, and say, " This is
my own, my proper home, and all the authorities
in the wide World cannot rightfully turn me out."
Territorial sovereignty, by a false and unfor-
tunate confusion of language, has come to be
generally regarded ais a system of pupilage similar
to that exercised over the Indian tribes and the
mixed races in New Mexico, and which once
ruled the French in Louisiana. This unfounded
analogy has generated mischievous notions and
tyrannical theories, leading to almost fatal errors';
for the very assumption is A palpable absurdity,
