t04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
iScati'on which I feel at the lecture on economy
which we have received from the honorable sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. It rejoiced my heart to
'hear 'it. I hope that the salutary impressions
which we all received from it will be manifest m
cur votes on the proposition of the Secretary of
War to appropriate $3,000,000 to repair old guns
that are not worth a cent now, and will be worth
less when they are repaired. [Laughter.] I
should have been pleased if the Senator from
^Pennsylvania had opened his batteries a little
sooner. I should have been gratified to hear his
lecture on economy when we had before us a bill
to provide for building ten new sloops of war for
our Navy officers to yacht about the Mediter-
ranean in, which are to cost us $5,000,000 to begin
with, and $2,000,000 annually to keep them afloat
afterwards. I think it would have done good at
that time. I am sorry that the lesson was re-
served for an appropriation for a bridge, or for
bringing water into the city of Washington. Now,
air, I vote for bridges and water-works, and things
<of that sort, and I go against steamships and
$3,000,000 to repair old guns.
J\jr. BROWN. You like Sb arpe's rifles better.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; I prefer Sharpe's rifles.
JLaughter.] Again, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has referred to the Capitol dome. I think
the safest and most prudentway would have been
to begin at the bottom and tear away this old
"building before putting a new dome on it; but I
leave that point.
Now, let me say a word about the Long Bridge.
It has been a theme of contest ever since 1 have
known anything about the Senate. A part of it
was once carried away by the ice, while I had the
honor of being a member of this body; and I wish
to call one fact to mind of the Senate, for it may
thave some influence on the vote. Several citizens
of Georgetown, I think the Mayor among the
number, came to me and made some representation
about the injury which the bridge was doing to
Georgetown. I uniformly voted against repairing
the bridge upon that ground; and while I was on
the floor giving my impressions as well as 1 could
to the Senate, showing that this bridge was a
inuisance, and was doing great injury to George-
town, and ought not to stand, some member on the
other side of the body asked permission to inter-
rupt me, and stated that the citizens of George-
town, had consented to withdraw their opposition
-and let the appropriation be made to repair the
bridge. My speech was cut off in the middle,
and the appropriation was passed wifh the con-
sennas it was stated, at that time, of the corporate
authorities of the city of Georgetown. The bridge
then was in amuch worse situation than it is now.
Some hundreds of feet were entirely gone, and
then, if ever, was the time to make a successful
opposition to the further continuance of the
bridge; but at that time, when it was an open
question—open in a double sense—open by the ice
making an opening in the middle of the bridge
of some hundreds of feet, and we had a fair op-
portunity before us, (if I am not exceedingly mis-
taken, and I do not think I can be, for my memory
is very distinct on the point,) the citizens of
Georgetown withdrew their opposition, and con-
sented that the bridge sliouJd he repaired. The
Appropriation was voted, and it was repaired.
1 had uniformly up to that time voted against
the bridge, and my feelings and sympathies weie
with the people of Georgetown until they them-
selves came into court, and, by their own consent,
withdrew their opposition, and were willing to
have the bridge repaired. I am not now gomgto
.tack about again, but I shall follow where the
■people of Georgetown led;and, as they consented
at that time that the bridge should be repaired, I
shall hold them to that agreement until I am bet-
ter advised.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
-amendment of the Senator from Virginia to in-
sert Si Potomac bridge and the" before the word
"navy-yard," and to strike out " $5,000," and
insert " $11,000;" so as to make the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland read:
"For the repair of the Potomac budge, and the navy-yard
and uppei bridges of the Eastern Bunch, .^11,000.'''
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 14* nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Biggs, Dodge. Hale, Hamlin,
Houstcm, lluuter, Xverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Reid,
Rusk, Weiler, and Yulce—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell
of Tennessee, Bigler, Bright, Brodhcad, Brown, Butler,
Clayton, Durkee, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, Mallory. Piatt, Pugh, Seward,
Shdell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of N«\v Jersey, Toucey,
TrumbulJ, Wade, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the original amend-
ment of Mr. Pratt.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out the whole
amendment, and to insert in lieu of it the follow-
ing:
That the right and title of the United States in and to
the Potomac bridge, and the navy-yard and upper bridges
of the Eastern Bianch, be, and the same is hereby, relin-
quished to the corporation of the city of Washington.
The Senator from Maryland did not pretend
that the appropriation proposed by him was a
deficiency; but he asked for its insertion in the
deficiency bill, because those who were inter-
ested in these bridges had no right to make the
necessary repairs on account of the title being
vested in the Government. Now, I propose to
relinquish to the city of Washington the whole
concern, without money and without price, and
let them keep up the bridges or let them go down
as they think proper. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. In the form in which my col-
league presents his amendment, I cannot support
it. He proposes to relinquish the, Potomac bridge
to the city of Washington. If that is done, we
must see at once that the very thing against which
the Senate has voted will be carried out; for the
city of Washington will keep up the bridge. If
he will strike out that portion of it m reference
to that particular bridge, and confine it to the
bridges on the Eastern Branch, I do not know
that I shall object to the amendment; but I can-
not vote for it in its present form.
Mr. STUART. I voted against the amend-
ment to embrace the Long Bridge, and I intend
to vote for the amendment to repair the others.
I have listened with a good deal of attention to
what has been said, and there seems to be a very
great difference of opinion in respect to continu-
ing the Long Bridge at all. From all the light I
have been able to obtain on the subject, I confess
the inclinations of my mind are strongly against
it, and for that reason and that alone I voted
against the amendment to repair it at this time.
But, sir, I have heard no such objection in refer-
ence to the bridges over the Eastern Branch. No
one has insisted that they ought not to be main-
tained by somebody; and I ask, if the owners of
a bridge are not to keep it in repair, and if they
are not under a solemn obligation to the public gen-
erally to keep it m traveling repair? That is the
only proposition now before the Senate. Here
is <x small appropriation rendered necessary to
keep the bridges over the Eastern Branch in re-
pair. What is said against it ? Why, that we
nave expended a large amount of money in bringing
water into the city; that we have expended another
large amount of money in extending the Capitol;
and that we are going to expend another large
amount of money in putting; a dome upon this
building ! Well, sir, 1 ask, why not? The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania seems to suppose that
this is for a two-fold purpose; in the first place, to
benefit the District of Columbia; and in the next
place, to benefit Maryland and Virginia. Now,
sir, I understand it to be a simple question, of
whether tins Government of the Hinted States,
owning property and having the mean*, shall treat
that property as a discreet individual would treat
his own property under similar circumstances?
Does anybody object to the extension of the
Capitol? The Senator from Pennsylvania says
it" is large enough already for all constitutional
legislation. I had supposed that constitutional
legislation required as large a building as uncon-
stitutional legislation. I never heard of an argu-
ment before that measured the building by the
character of the legislation which was to be had
in it. I supposed that it depended upon the num-
ber of legislators to be accommodated. Why,
then, should not these things be done? Why
should not the dome be constructed ? If it were
a mere matter of ornament alone, the expenditure
should be made.
Mr. BROWN. How much;
Mr. STUART. I answer the Senator, as much
as is necessary to accomplish the object. Tf it is
worth while to have a building like the Capitol of
the United States, it is worth while to have it
accordingtoreceivedarchitccture,and not have a
building that looks in the distance like anything
but a Capitol. The whole proportion and archi-
tectural beauty of this building is destroyed, in
the opinion of everybody, by the character of the
dome which formerly surmounted it. Now, I
say that an individual owning this property, and
having the means, would remedy that evil.
I submit, too, that an individual owning these
bridges would be bound to keep them in repair.
It is not a question of original purchase. When
I was a member of the House of Representatives,
at the time when these bridges were purchased, I
opposed the measure. I thought the Government
of the United States ought not to purchase them;
but that is a bygone question. The bridges
have been purchased; and if injury is sustained
by individuals in crossing them, are not the
United States morally, if not legally, responsible
to make that injury good ? A company and mu-
nicipal authorities owning these bridges would be
responsible, and the same rule ought to apply to
the Government of the United States.
Now, it is proposed to turn them over to the
corporation of Washington, and make them a
gift. I am not prepared to say that a matured
proposition of that sort, with a previous under-
standing that the corporation would accept the
gift, and take care of the property, might not be
advisable. The inclination of my mind would
be to support such a proposition as that, properly
matured, and properly understood by the contract-
ing parties on both sides. But suppose the cor-
poration refuses to take the donation, as I appre-
hend they unquestionably would, then how stand
the structures ? Are they in repair ? Is the Gov-
ernment released from its liability ? It will be no
answer to say that the Government of the United
States cannot be prosccuted for such an injury.
The obligation is so much stronger not to incur
the responsibility. If this Government is morally
liable to do what another body would be legally
bound to do, I repeat the obligation is much
stronger to do it than if they could be by law
compelled to do it.
I see, therefore, no reason why this question
should be discussed here at length, and thus spend
two hundred times the money that it would cost to
repair the bridges, when it is as plain to my mind
as A B C that the Government is morally bound
to keep them in repair as long as the Government
is their owner. I shali vote against the prop-
osition of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Adams,] because I have no evidence before me
that the city would accept the donation.
Mr. ADAMS. As there is some difference of
opinion in regard to the Long Bridge, and as my
amendment embraces that, I will strike it out, and
lettheamcndmcntrelatc only to the other bridges,
about which there is no difference of opinion.
In regard to the suggestion of my friend from
Michigan, I can only say, that if we relinquish
these bridges to the District of Columbia, and
they refuse to accept them, we can let them go
down and have them taken out of the way, and
I would vote for that proposition to-morrow. If
the people here will not keep up these bridges
after we have purchased them for them, they
ought to go down.
Mr. BUTLER. I think it is a great mistake
to suppose that the District of Columbia would
not accept this gift if made. They would accept
it very willingly; and 1 will tell you where the
money would come from to keep up the Long
Bridge. It would come from an interest so strong
that I do not think they could resist it. The
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company and the
Alexandria Railroad Company would make that
bridge to-morrow ten times better than it is now.
They would buy the franchise to-morrow if the
corporation of Washington had it; and they
would be very willing to avail themselves of the
tirle in the District of Columbia to make that
bridge a permanent structure for railroad com-
munication across the river.
Mr. PRATT. That is stricken out.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is talking about
the Long Bridge, and I spoke of the Eastern
Branch bridges.
Mr. BUTLER. But the Long Bridge is in the
amendment.
