<594
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 28,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
to suppose that the American emigrant needs
tuition in the science or art of self-government.
Why, sir, he is qualified as a graduate m the
highest schools of liberty before he bids farewell
to his former home, and he walks forth into the
wilderness with as royal a step as any monarch
of the Old World. Besides, it is still more absurd,
and utterly false in fact, to imagine that any
exertion of power by the- National Legislature,
or that any conceivable act of a political character
is requisite to make him a citizen, or to clothe
him with constitutional privileges. He is a citi-
zen already, with all the sovereign rights and
sacred prerogatives of that exalted relation to a
perfect fullness, which can neither be increased
nor diminished.
But in the case of conquest or foreign annexa-
tion by superior force, the matter is widely dif-
ferent, because the inhabitants of the new Ter-
ritory become absolute subjects in the sense of
the law of nations, and the victorious Govern-
ment, by the supreme title of war, acquires exclu-
sive jurisdiction both over the soil and the people.
Not so when a Territory has been consecrated
and set apart for the purpose of forming an
American State. The citizens do not lose any
of their powers or privileges in the transit to their
new homes, nor can the Federal Government be
supposed by any possibility to gain the least
particle of additional authority over them by the
mere fact of emigration. That Government had
a limited and well-defined jurisdiction in the States
from which they removed. It retains the same
in the Territory which they are permitted to col-
onize; and to that extent, but not further, it must
have the power to legislate, to organize courts, to
judge, and to execute. And any other or greater
exercise of Federal sovereignty would be the as-
sumption of a pure despotism, a transformation
of the territorial citizens into abject slaves, and
utterly subversive of the cardinal principles upon
which all our theories of civil liberty are predi-
cated. Nor can Congress by any means possess
the authority of legislation on the subject of sla-
very, either to establish or prohibit the institu-
tion; for this is entirely a topic of local and
municipal regulation, and moreover that species
of property is recognized as legal by the letter
and spirit of the Constitution.
The American citizen goes into the Territories
of his own United States, not a^ an alien, or with
the view to expatriation, but on the noble mis-
sion of forming other sovereign societies in all
respects similar to the ones he has left behind
him. Nor does this great and glorious work
require any definite number or specified time to
accomplish the object. A people may grow into
a powerful community in a single year, as in the
proud example of California. Wherever Amer-
ican institutions shall have been planted, and
have taken root in the soil, the population is
fitted for, and entitled to, the highest enjoyment
and most complete prerogative of State sover-
eignty. The period for its recognition is mere
matter of convenience to the emigrants them-
selves, and no sort of concern to the General
Government.
But viewing the subject in another light radi-
ated from the Constitution, the United States
hold such Territories by the sole tenure of a trust,
and must therefore manage this munificent prop-
erty for the use and advantage of the people as
the beneficiaries. And what is the natural and
necessary use of this vast domain, this continent
of unplowed lands ? It is to furnish fields and
habitations for the homeless: to extend and de-
velop civil and religious institutions; to create
new sovereign States, whose records in the lapse
of ages may rival the most glorious annals of
Greece and Rome, and whose civilization must
as far transcend anything ever witnessed in the
social existence of antiquity, as the Christian
worship excels all the idolatries of the Pagan
world.
The power to carve new States out of the com-
mon Territories of the Union plainly implies a
corresponding duty in the General Government
as a constitutional trustee, without the shadow or
pretense of a discretion to embarrass, postpone,
or defeat the object of the fiduciary relation, or
oppose the popular will, whenever the essential
conditions of a sovereign society shall be realized
in any given community; and, therefore, the
only inquiry must be one of fact: is there in
Kansas a people with American institutions suf-
ficient in themselves to establish an American
State? If so, they are entitled to their rank as a
sovereign member of the Federal Union whether
they number five thousand or five hundred thou-
sand. They are entitled to supreme and absolute
jurisdiction over the soil where they have planted
their American institutions and built their homes,
their school houses, and their churches. And to
defer all action, or delay investigation on this j
treat question, for the benefit of slavery or free- I
om, at the instance either of Massachusetts or j
Missouri, or with any reference to the additional
votes of the new State in the presidential election,
would be a criminal violation of the high trust
vested in Congress, and such as any court of
chancery in the civilized world, if the case could
be presented for adjudication, must pronounce
just cause for the removal of the trustee.
I am not satisfied, however, that at the present
time the citizens of Kansas fulfill the indispenaa^
ble conditions of political sovereignty. The two
rival Governments in the disputed Territory
seem both alike to be under the control of foreign
societies and foreign votes. Instead of social
harmony, there appears to be nothing but civil
dissension, or inchoate war. And to confer the
sovereign jurisdiction over the soil on either of
the monstrous organizations produced by the
opposing factions now running the race for
supremacy in that region, would be a manifest
infraction of the purposes and objects implied in
the very nature of the exalted trust. The duty
of the General Government, in my opinion, is
perfectly obvious—to institute a careful inquiry
as to the fact whether the community in Kansas
is fitted for the exercise of political sovereignty;
and if the affirmative be found true, then to pro-
vide for a free expression of the popular will in
the Territory on that subject, employing, if ne-
cessary to such end, all the armed force of the
United States, and let the recognition of inde-
pendence in the new sovereign society be imme-
diate and absolute, without regard to the institu-
tion of slavery.
It may be asked, what must be the condition of
the people residing in Kansas, if Congress should
not admit them as a State ? It is evident they will
remain under the jurisdiction of the Federal Gov-
ernment until such time as they shall be fully
grown as a political sovereignty. But what juris-
diction can the United States rightfully exercise
over them ? To legislate in the enlarged sense of
the term? I think not. There is no authority in
the Constitution granting legislative powers in the
case. And besides, legislation without actual rep- j
resentation is pure despotism in its most odious
form, and therefore repugnant to. the inalienable
rights and sovereign privileges of all American
citizens. It was to overthrow the very same tyr-
annical pretension that the fathers of constitutional
freedom fought the battles of the Revolution itself.
Hence, the only absolute power which the Gen-
eral Government can exert in the Territories set-
tled by American citizens is, the military force to
preserve the peace, to suppress domestic violence,
and prevent civil strife; and if the population lose
their American characteristics, and degenerate into
savagery, they should be treated as savages; they
must be controlled by the strong arm of military
power, and each one shall be compelled to respect
the rights of his neighbor.
But if upon inquiry it shall be ascertained that
the people of Kansas, in the strength of their
American institutions, are already self-suificieitt
for the exercise of political sovereignty, and that
they desire recognition as such, then, without
delay, it is the imperative duty of Congress to
admit them into the Union upon their forming a
republican constitution; and I will go even further,
and repeat again, that if the General Government
in such a case should neglect or refuse to act in
accordance with its solemn obligation, as involved
in this great and mighty trust, the citizens of
Kansas nave the undoubted right upon their own
motion to seize the sovereignty, and discharge
the unfaithful trustee.
But to render the proposition last asserted per-
fectly evident, it is necessary to review briefly
the original principles which lie at the very found-
ation of the American theory of government.
In the first place, the Constitution is the result
of a compact entered into by the several States,
by which each member and party to the agree-
ment surrendered a certain portion of its inde-
pendent sovereignty to all as a whole—to the
Union as one; and the sovereignty thus surren-
dered is vested and organized in the General
Government.
Secondly. This political unity, this supreme
power organized, though springing from the will
of the separate States, and not from that of the
people in the aggregate, and though depending
for its existence and action on the existence and
ac^on of the States, is a Government and not a
league. primary charter is a Constitution,
and not a treaty.
Thirdly. This unity—this great power organ-
ized, is a government, with all the attributes and
functions of a supreme and independent sover-
eignty, over all the subjects and objects surren-
dered to its control, and over all such matters as
may fall within the sphere of its action, which
are necessary to the execution and fulfillment of
its enumerated specific powers, and without which
the powers granted would be inoperative and use-
less.
Fourthly. This Government, created by the
Constitution, is partly federative, representing
the sovereign will of the several States, and partly
national, acting directly upon the citizens of the
Union, representing the general nationality, and
affording protection to all its individual members
or subjects, whether residing in the Territories,
or in foreign countries, or sailing over the high
seas.
Fifthly. Among the powers surrendered to the
Federal Government is jurisdiction over the com-
mon territory, as well as over the citizens, be-
yond the limits of the States.
Sixthly. Among the attributes of sovereignty
retained by the several States is that of watching
over the General- Government, keeping it within
its appropriate sphere, and defending the citizens
of the State, whether at home or abroad, whether
in the District of Columbia, or in the common
Territories of the Union, and wherever they may
sail or sojourn, against any and every unconsti-
tutional abuse or usurpation of their rights.
Seventhly. If the General Government should
infringe the constitutional rights of a State, in
any case of law or equity between persons, or in
relation to matters, over whom, or in reference to
which, the Supreme Court has jurisdiction, its
. judgment or decree must be final and conclusive
in the controversy. But in no other class of cases
i can ever the Supreme Court become the arbiter
between the States and the General Government.
Therefore, in all political questions touching the
| sovereignty of the States, or that of the General
Government, it cannot be the umpire; and for the
further obvious reason, that as a tribunal it is a
department or arm of the General Government,
and not an independent power between the State
and Federal sovereignties, impartial, superior, or
over and above both.
Eighthly. When a contract is broken by one
party it ceases to be obligatory on the other; and
therefore, if the General Government should
violate the great compact of the Constitution, by
infringing the reserved rights of the States, or by
a refusal to protect the absolute privileges of the
citizens of the States, whether inhabiting the Ter-
ritories, or making their temporary homes in
foreign lands, or wandering on the waves of the
ocean. In such a case, the States are no longer
bound by the Constitution, but may elect to
treat it as abrogated, by assuming the sovereignty
previously delegated, and throwing their strong
arms for defense around their private citizens,
wherever they can be found. For if the Consti-
tution be broken in an essential part, in that
which was the very consideration inducing the
State to surrender the definite portion of its
original sovereignty, that instrument can no
longer possess any binding force, so ^ar_as
injured State itself may be concerned. To this
extent all eminent politicians stand fully agreed.
But the difficulty arises the moment when
