m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
of Congress to appropriate the necessary supplies
for the support of the Government—a solemn,
constitutional, moral duty. Have we done it?
In an important particular we have not. Acci-
dentally—I believe, in a great measure, because
our pay was ended—we failed to do it. Why
have we not made this essential appropriation ?
The Senate has agreed that it is necessary. The
House of Representatives has agreed that it is
necessary. Both Houses have agreed upon every
item belonging to the appropriation bill for the
support of the Army. Why, then, does it not
become a law? Where is the fault? And what
process has brought us to this position ? The
tlouse of Representatives have annexed a pro-
vision—I am not going to examine it now—to that
appropriation bill, having no relation to the sub-
ject of appropriation to which the Senate cannot
agree. Now, what is the duty of the two Houses?
By their own voluntary action to concur in a law.
They are voluntary agents.
This process, however, is one which says, from
one House to the other, " If yon do not, in pass-
ing the appropriation bills, which both of us agree
to be proper, annex a condition which we say
Eou should, there shall be no appropriation.
et not gentlemen on the other side mistake their
position and ours. No man contends that one
House may not annex to an appropriation bill
any provision they please; and if the other House
agree, the difficulty is passed. That is not what
we dispute, deny, and find fault with, before the
country. What we do find fault with is thft an-
nexation of a provision which we believe to bo
unconstitutional, and a tenacious adherence to it,
so as to lose the supplies which are necessary.
It is what is callcd in England cutting off the sup-
plies. If I recollect aright—perhaps some gen-
tlemen here will remember it—we were asked, in
Topeka, eight months ago, to cut off the supplies
of the Government, if their designs could not be
carried into effect.
I say that the annexation, by on« House, of a
condition to which the other cannot agree, to a
bill of appropriation, if adhered to, is, under this
Government, an act of revolution. If a majority
of the House of Representatives wish a bill con-
taining that provision passed voluntarily by the
action of the two Houses, let them send it to us
for our free and voluntary action as a separate
measure; but they do not send it to us for our
free and voluntary action. They send it to us
annexed to a bill that we ought to pass, and wish
to pass, and should pass, but cannot in conse-
quence of the actual state of coercion in which
we are placed.
This is not a question of to-day or of to-morrow,
but of all time under this Constitution. To-day
the effort is to prevent the execution of certain
laws. It is a proviso that makes the President
the protector of the laws throughout the whole
extent of our vast country. It is on the highways
to-day; but to-morrow it will be on the byways.
We have just as much right to require the
President to execute laws upon one highway as
another. It may be a highway leading to Mis-
souri to-day, and to-morrow a highway leading
to Massachusetts or North Carolina, or for any
other purpose you please. No man can be so
blind as not to see that a principle like this once
established would cause the overthrow of this
Government. You require the President of the
United States to hnve his armed forces on all the
roads wherever they may be, leading to the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, to supersede the State laws by
his own armed power, to afford just such pro-
tection as he pleases, and as the guard under his
authority please. To-day the attack is this pro-
vision; to-morrow you may be asked to repeal the
fugitive slave law. What next? On a Post Office
appropriation bill the next day, you may be asked
to provide that every inflammatory document sent
for the purpose of exciting the southern slaves,
shall go through the mail free of postage. You
may put in a provision requiring your Army to
act under any circumstances, or your Navy to
act under any circumstances; you may repeal
your fugitive slave law, and we have been threat-
ened with that repeal. Mr. President, on this
principle there is no act that the imagination of
man can conceive, which it is not in tne power
of one branch of this Congress to carry into
effect at the expense of the Government, or cause
the giving up of the supplies which are necessary
for its continuance. I repeat, no man who sur-
veys it as it is can for a moment forget that, al-
though this is the point to-day, to-morrow, and
the next day, and the next day, it will be new
ones, and new ones, until the hand of the House
of Representatives is heavier than the Constitu-
tion.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
actually sneers at all difficulty. He sees no dan-
ger—fears no calamity. Well, sir, there are dif-
ferent kinds of confidence in the world. There
is a very commendable and justifiable confidence
that surveys the danger and prepares for it; but
there is another which, whether it is indifference,
or insensibility, or something worse than both,
leads a man not to survey the danger about him.
It is not commendable in itself, nor does it give
much encouragement to others to depend on his
judgment. The Senator from Ohio sneers at all
this. A sneer is notan argument, though it often
takes the place of one, and is perhaps more sat-
isfactory to him that uses it than an argument
would be. How a man could get up in the Senate
before his countrymen, and sneer at the circum-
stances in which we are placed, I cannot compre-
hend. All I have to say is, that his moral tem-
perament is very different from mine.
The honorable Senator from Ohio asks if the
refusal of this appropriation is going to destroy
the Union? This is a very hard Government to
destroy. I think that, fairly administered within
the scope of its constitutional powers, it is the
strongest Government on the face of the globe; as
I know it to be the best Government ever given
to man since the dispersion of the human family
on the plains of Shinar.
Mr. WADE. I believe the Senator is mis-
taken. I do not think I asked him any such
question. I apprehended no such event.
Mr. CASS. I think the Senator put to me the
question whether I believed the refusal of this
appropriation would destroy the Union—put un-
doubtedly by way of joke, by way of jeer, by
way of sneer; not seriously.
Mr. WADE. Not at all, in any shape.
Mr. CASS. I will not answer that, because I
am sure the honorable Senator would not declare
that he had not said so, if he did not believe it;
but the impression left on my mind was that he
asked the Question. I shall not continue that,
however. I say again, that I believe this to be
the strongest Government on the face of the earth.
The danger which 1 fear is not on this point alone;
but it is the series of measures pursued and fur-
ther contemplated by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, and those who a^ree with him. There it
is that I look for the danger. What holds this
Government together ? Force? No; public opin-
ion—nothing more, nothing less—the ballot-box
and public opinion operating upon it. If you
excite one section of the community against
another; if you go on from step to step with this
thing, and that thing, and another, producing irri-
tation and hostile feeling, you finally lead the
public to that state of mind which, I fear, we are
too lapidly approaching, which must eventually
end in the dissolution of the Government.
The honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Skwa-rd,] whom yesterday I heard with pain and
regret, and with ten-fold regiet to-day, says there
is no danger. I repeat that I heard his display
to-day with regret. I do not think, that in all
history such another display can be found, except
in a memorable case in the history of Rome, which
was then put down by an illustrious orator. If
that great and illustrious orator were here, we
should hear roll from his lips words of scathing
rebuke to the Senator from New York for getting
up here, and trying to operate on the prejudices
and feelings of the House of Representatives,
giving them his thanks. They do not want his
thanks. The Senator from New York is not the
man to stand in the Legislature of the Union, and
give his thanks to one House for a particular
course of measures. If 1 were a member of the
House of Representatives, I should pay very little
regard to such thanks; 1 should want some much
more important. The whole tenor of the remarks
of the Senator from New York was, in my opin-
ion. unworthy of his position, and of theassocia-
tions m which lie is here placed.
You cannot mistake his object, Mr. President,
and you cannot mistake the tendency of this
whole series of measures. The honorable Sen-
ator from New York alluded jp revolutions and
changes, and notwithstanding what is going on
about us he sees no danger. The Senate will
recollect undoubtedly a memorable era in history,
when the King of Babylon went to sleep, though
the Persian was at his gates. In the emphatic
language of Scripture, like the Senator from New
York, his countcnance was not changed, nor his
heart troubled; he feared no danger. He never
woke in life to realize his danger, for the morn-
ing sun shone upon the towers and turrets of a
ruined and captured city, and the monarch him-
self with his empire had passed away. No man
can see the condition of this country now with-
out perceiving the danger. To say there is none
evinces an absolute disregard of tUfese premon-
itory symptoms which Providence has kindly
given in the moral as in the physical world. It is
their neglect and disregard in the world that day
after day is producing changes of good govern-
ments where they exist, but oftener of bad, one
which I am glad to see. These are premonitory
symptoms warning the people of the United
States that the precious heritage acquired by the
blood of our fathers and bequeathed to them is
now m danger. How can any man who looks at
things as they are, doubt that from time to time
the operation of these circumstances is to bear
upon the American people ?
The Father of his Country — the immortal
Washington—tells us that when a sectional party
arises there is danger. I will not absolutely say,
that I would rather be wrong with Washington
than right with the Senator from New York and
the Senator from Ohio; but I go very near it. I
will say, that when my own opinions are forti-
fied by the convictions of the prophetic sagacity,
the calm, deliberative judgment of that wonder-
ful man, I am not to be turned out of my course
by any argument that can be used by those two
Senators. I repeat, the country is in danger.
There is no use in gentlemen getting up here to
say, " Peace, peace,"when the/eis no peace. He
that cannot see it, in my opinion, is blinder than
the blind man of Israel, who, though he could
not discern the pillars that supported the temple,
asked to have his hand laid upon them, and tnen
bowed himself down with the pillars, and carried
with them the temple, and all that were in it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not rise to prolong this
debate, but only to read a portion of the speech of
the honorable Senator from New York, made a lit-
tle more than a year ago,against his speech to-day.
I think it is better than anything which I could
say, and it is certainly fatal to the speech which
he made yesterday and to-day. About a year
and a half ago, we had a similar question before
the Senate. I then fought side by side with the
honorable Senator from New York for nearly a
whole day and nearly a whole night. I felt
the support of his strong arm. He dealt blows
on that occasion which I feebly supported, and
we compelled the Senate to surrender about two
o'clock at night on a question similar to this.
What was it? The House of Representatives
had embodied in the civil and dipolmatic appro-
priation bill a provision for the revision of the
tariff'. The bill came to the Senate, and a motion
was made to strike out the tariff provision. We
denied the right of the House to put it there.
The honorable Senator from New York then
answered the position, that the House of Rep-
resentatives was like the House of Commons,
the Senate like the House of Peers, and the
President like the Crown m England. At that
time he drew the distinction between our form
of Government and that of Great Britain better
than I have heard it drawn since. He then
informed us that the Senate was answerable
to the people at the time prescribed in the peo-
ple's Constitution—not so the House of Peers;
and that the President of the United States was
answerable to the people at the time which the
people themselves had fixed in their Constitution.
By this process of reasoning he showed conclu-
sively that there was no similitude between the
two Governments, and that the doctrine of stop-
ping the supplies did not apply in this country,
tie declared on that occasion that all proceedings
, of this kind upon the part of the House of Rep-
i resentauves were revolutionary, and would tend
i to the subversion of the Government. He also
I warned the Senate that this very proceedingwould
i come upon us; and on his warning as well as
