1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
mine, the Senators who were in favor of a reduc-
tion and modification of the tariff yielded and
allowed the provision to be stricken from the bill.
Now I propose to read some of his forcible lan-
guage on this point:
" >lr. Scwaiid. Mr. President, I regard the proposition
to incorporate a new tariff system into the ciyl and diplo-
matic appropriation bill as one of a levoiutionary charac-
ter."— Cong. Globe,sec. sess., 33d Cong.s p. ]048.
He proceeded with his argument, and said:
" Sir, there is great wisdom, there is Nestorian wi«dom,
in the counsel of the honorable Senators from Delaware. It
may be that it is only now a question ot relieving woolen
manufacturers and railroad builders, but another House of
Representatives may give us, in the same form, a question
of slavery or a question of freedom, and may seek in the
same way to coerce our consent to their policy in that
respect. Are you prepared for that ? When the precedent
shall have once been e>tabhshed, what will protect you
against the most unbounded license of assumption by the
Hou e ol Representatives ?"
There was prophecy in that. lie seemed to
anticipate that a question such as we now have
before the Senate would be here at this very time,
and he warned Senators to beware of it. He said
further:
" Again, sir, when you shall have suffered the House of
Representative* to incorporate a new tariff into the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, what shall hinder the
same power from attaching the French spoliation bill to the
naval service bill i Moreover, when the President of the
United States shall hereafter veto any bill, a majority of the
two Houses, adopting the precedent now to be established,
can practically annul the veto by su.-pendmg his own com-
pensation, and arresting the wheels ot the Government."
The debate proceeded*, we were at it pretty
much all night. Again, the honorable Senator
from New York said:
" When I first came into the Senate, I took the ground
that a combination ot many great measures affecting many
gr^at mtere-ts, and engaging different and conflicting opm
ions, was iireguiar. was factious, was revolutionary ; and
upon th.U ground, among others, I voted against the com-
piormse bill of 18o0, though it contained an object which
I was most sedulous and anxious to obtain—the admission
of the State ot California."
I will not read more. It seems to me that these
paragraphs contain the most conclusive argument
against the proceeding of the House of Repre-
sentatives in this case that has yet been delivered
in the Senate. It was effective on that occasion.
I endeavored to sustain the honorable Senator,
as best I could, and in the course of the debate I
observed:
" J think that this amendment to the civil and diplomffhc
appropi lation bill is entirely ouf of time. It is revolutionary.
1 think it is the most revolutionary piopoMtion that I have
ever heard advocated in the Senate. It furnishes a bad
example. It is a precedent which will hereafter rise up
against southern gentlemen.
" < The evil, that men do, lives after them
and this will live after us.
"' We but teach
Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return
To plague th<-> inventor.'
" Let me tell southern Senators that, if they agree to this
proposition, there is danger that, hereafter, the ingredients
of the poisoned chalice may be commended to their own
lips.'1
I am sorry that I cannot now have the support
of the Senator from New York, as I had on that
occasion. I wi?h I could do the same thing
now; but the speech which we have heard yes-
terday and to-day, it seems to me, is fatal to the
one which he made last year.
Mr. WELLER. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
I know that my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Dodge] is very anxious to have an executive
session to-day for some business which he desires
to have disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will dis-
pose of my motion to adhere to my amendment
to the Army appropriation bill before going into
executive session.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senate is ready to
take the vote, 1 will withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that the Senate adhere to its
amendment to the Army appropriation bill?
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to say a few words, and I shall not detain
the Senate long. It has been repeated here a
number of times that the proviso of the House of
Representatives seeks to confer on the President
of the United States a most extraordinary power
when it authorizes him 10 protect persons and
property on the national highways, against un-
lawful searches and seizures. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] has dwelt upon it to-day,
and he seems to suppose, as did the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] yesterday, that the
term " national highways," meant all the public
roads of the country. Sir, it means no such
thing. It is a legal term, to be found in repeated
instances in the statutes of the United States, and
has a fixed and definite meaning. The term only
applies to those highways that are under national
control. The roads in the States are not under
the control of Congress; but the Missouri river,
the Mississippi river, and many other of the large
rivers of the country, are, by act of Congress,,
made national highways. As long ago as 1811 it
was declared by act of Congress, that " all the
navigable rivers and waters ill the Territories of
Orleans and Louisiana shall be, and forever re-
main, public highways." Again, in the act pre-
paratory to the admission of Missouri in theUmon,
it was declared that:
. "The Mississippi, and the navigable rivers and waters
leading into the same, shall be common highways, and for-
ever tree, as well to the inhabitants of said State as to other
citizens of the United States, without any tax, duty, impost,
or toll therefor, by said State."
Any person who looks into the acts of Con-
gress understands exactly what is meant by
" national highways." The term does not mean
the common State and county roads of the coun-
try. It is an entire misunderstanding to give the
term any such meaning.
Now, sir, 1 will undertake to show, the Mis-
souri river being a national highway, that, by
acts of Congress, as they exist to-aay, every
power which is sought by this proviso to be con-
ferred upon the President of the United States,
in reference to that great national highway, is
conferred upon the President in regard to the Con-
necticut river or Hudson river; and I prove this
by reference to the statutes of the United States.
By an " act to protect the commerce of the United
States, and punish the crime of piracy," it is
declared
uThat the President of the United States be, and hereby
is, authorized" and requested to employ so many ol' the
public armed vessels as, in his judgment, the seivice may
require, with suitable instructions to the commanders
thereof, m protecting the merchant vessels of the United
State*, and their crews, fiom piratical aggressions and dep-
redations."
Now, let us see what are piratical aggressions.
In the third section of an act of Congress passed
March 15, 1820, it is provided:
" If any person shall, upon the high seas, or in any open
road^ead, or m any haven, basin, or bay, or in any river
whoie the sea ebbs and flows"—
as it does in the Connecticut and the Hudson—
" commit the enme of robbery in or upon any ship or ves-
sel, or upon any of the ship's company of any ship or ves-
sel, or upon the Hiding thereof, such person shall be adjudged
to be a pirate."
This act defines what should constitute a pirate;
and the act which I previously read prescribes the
duty of the President in reference to the crime of
piracy. A subsequent statute, passed December
20, 1829, declares that
"The PiesJidpntof th^ United States be, and he hereby is,
authorized topurcha-jp or con&tiuct a sufficient number of
vessels, m addition to those now employed, of such burden
and construction as he may deem necessary, and to fully
equip and man the same for immediate service, for the pur-
pose of repressing pnacy, and of affording effectual protec-
tion to the citizens and commerce of the United States in
the Gulf of Mexico and the seas and territoues adjacent."
These several acts of Congress confer upon
the President of the United States full power to
use the armed vessels of the country to protect
the commerce of the United States m any river
where the sea ebbs and flows. Those rivers
where the tide ebbs and flows are no more under
the control of Congress than is the Mississippi
i or Missouri river, both of which are declared,
I by repeated acts of Congress, to be national
i highways, free to all the citizens of the United
j States. I say, then, that unless all your laws in
1 reference to piracy, clothing the President with
I authority to repress it, and protect the vessels of
j the country, are unconstitutional and void, there
I is nothing unconstitutional in this proviso, so far
j as it attempts to confer on the President author-
! ity to protect the commerce and the vessels of
i the United States, or the citizens of the United
j States, upon the river Missouri, which is a great
| national 'highway. But suppose that were not
j so; let me turn upon the Senators on the other
side the argument which they have so often used
here yesterday and to-day; why did they not
amend this proviso, and strike out this portion
of it, if it was so very objectionable to them ?
The House of Representatives have been re-
proached for not amending a bill which was sent
to them from this body, repealing a portion of
the laws of Kansas. That was the smallest fea-
ture of the bill. It contained numerous other pro-
visions. But the question has been asked, if the
Republicans, or Black Republicans, as they have
been called, objected to these laws, why did they
not concur with the Senate, and repeal them when
the Senate sent them a bill accomplishing that
purpose; and if there were other things in it,
why did they not strike out the objectionable
parts, and concur in this provision repealing the
laws ? Let me ask those Senators why they did
not strike out this clause of the proviso, if it was
so objectionable to them t
Those Senators who charge upon the members
of the House of Representatives that they desire
to keep the Kansas laws upon the statute-book
for political effect in the coming canvass, forget
that the House of Representatives has sent two
bills here. It has sent a bill to pacify Kansas by
admitting her into the Union as a free State under
the constitution framed at Topeka. Why did
you not adopt that? Why have I not the same
right to say to you that you are keeping open the
Kansas excitement for the purpose of affecting
the presidential canvass. Tne House of Repre-
sentatives sent to this body another bill providing
for the settlement of the Kansas difficulties, which
was said to he objectionable. Why, then, did you
not amend it? The only amendment which was
made by the Senate to the bill to admit Kansas
into the Union as a State, was to substitute for it
the bill which the Senate had before sent down
to the House. 1 say, then, it ill becomes Senators
to charge that the House is unwilling to settle
this question when it has passed two bills for that
purpose; and they themselves are in as great
fault as they charge on the House.
But, sir, 1 rose principally for the purpose of
alluding to the ground which has been assumed
to-day by the Senator from Virginia, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and by the
Senator from Louisiana yesterday, that the utmost
limit to which they could go in reference to the
Kansas legislation, was to declare null and void,
or to repeal, the unconstitutional laws; and the
Senator from Louisiana went so far as to say
that Congress had no power to repeal a statute
of Kansas legislation, and that it could only
repeal laws of its own enactment! Now, 1 under-
take to prove, and I will demonstrate so clearly
that there shall be no escape from it, that those
very Senators have themselves, at this session,
assumed a different position. I believe that
both of them voted for the bill which was passed
by the Senate " to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and
State government, preparatory to the admission
of said State into the Union," originally intro-
duced by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,]
amended somewhat by the Committee oiVTerri-
| tones, and passed by this body and sent to the
j other House. I will undertake to demonstrate
j that the majority of this body, who seek now to
: shelter themselves behind the position that they
j have no authority to repeal the laws of Kansas,
I have voted to repeal and annul laws which no
' one pretends are unconstitutional. The eighteenth
j section of that bill provides:
j " No law shall be made, or have force or effect in staid
I Territory, which <hal! require a test oath, or oath to sup-
j port any act of Congress ot other legislative act, as a quaii-
I fication for any civil office or public trust."
1 Now, I should like to inquire, where the clause
! is to be found m the Constitution of the United
! Stales which prohibits the Territorial Legislature
! of Kansas from passing a law requiring an oath
i to support an act of Congress, or other public act
[ as a preliminary to holding office. There is no
! such provision. No pretense can be found upon
| which to hang an argument to show that any
i clause exists in the Constitution of the United
I States forbidding the Legislature of Kansas from
■ passing a law requiring a person elected to office
to swear to support some particular statute, either
of Congress, or of the Territorial Legislature. So
far from it, there was conferred upon the Terri-
torial Legislature of Kansas authority to legislate
