1856.
T®E CONGRESSIONAL GL08E.
any error which they might afterwards have
cause to repent.
Mr. TAYLOR. The question now under con-
sideration is one of considerable public import-
ance, and one that deserves a fair discussion.
With the permission of the committee, therefore,
I will undertake to show that the bill which is
now before us ought to receive the sanction of
this body.
The gentleman from Virginia seems to have a
very decided enmity to this bill. He seems to
have a very decided opposition to the passage of
any act making allowances of the character con-
templated in it; and he founds his hostility to the
proposition upon grounds which have no appli-
cation to the question now before us. That hon-
orable gentleman's vision has been so limited
that he has not taken in the whole subje'ct em-
braced in the question which is submitted to our
consideration. He has referred to legal decisions
showing what the law is in relation to captures
made on the high seas, and in what particular
cases the right of property in captures vests in
the captors. And then he says, that inasmuch
as there is no positive law under which the right
to the property captured by the persons named
in this Dill is vested in them, they are, therefore,
without a shadow of a claim, and the bill ought
not to pass. It- is, beyond all doubt, true, that
there is no special law, or recognized principle
of law, in virtue of which the property captured
by Drinkwater and his associates vested in them.
If there had been, there would have been no ne-
cessity for an application to this House. It is
because it is one of those cases which, in its
nature, requires the action of the Congress of the
United States, that the subject is now before us
for consideration.
The gentleman has referred to decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States in relation
to the right of capture, in which it is stated that
if a capture be made of the enemy's property by
an individual who is not commissioned by the
public authority, the property of the thing cap-
tured vests in the United States. That position
is a true one. It is a proposition which no one
has ever attempted to controvert, and it is pre-
cisely because it is so, that the practice has grown
up among all civilized nations, which makes it
necessary, in cases of this kind, that applications
should be made to some department of their dif-
ferent Governments in which a peculiar discretion
is vested, in order that they may be determined
upon the particular circumstances involved in
each.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in ancient times the then
acknowledged public law of nations vested the
property of anything captured from the enemy,
m either the public armies, the public navies,
or in the private persons making the capture,
or who seized it—who took it into possession,
and had it under their control. But, sir, in the
progress of civilization, that general rule of the
ancient law of nations was abrogated, and it was
abrogated underthe happy influence of those ele-
vated considerations which, from time to time,
were brought to bear by the great men who were
in advance of their times, when they were called
on to take a part in shaping anew the course of
the public policy. The changes in the condition
of the world; the necessity for peace; the neces-
sity for the adoption of a system which should
promote industry , and which should preserve the
property of individuals who were not themselves
combatants, as far as it was possible to be pre-
served from being disturbed by unhappy, ravag-
ing wars, led to the establishment of the rule that,
upon the high seas, the property of one State
at war with another State, which was captured
by citizens who did not hold commissions from
their Government, should vest in the State itself,
in order that commerce upon the great highway
of nations should be free; and that the ships and
property of private citizens should not be exposed
to capture in any part of the ocean or of the high
seas, at a distance from the hostile fleets and com-
missioned cruisers of the belligerent nations.
And the change was a beneficent one. It gave
freedom to trade Jpon every sea, out of the pres-
ence of the armaments and armed vessels sent out
•by contending States, and thus stripped war of
one portion at least of its ancient evils..
But that general rule of the public law was, by
the law of nations, subjected to one exception, and
that exception was of this character: if a peaceful
merchant vessel, engaged in a lawful voyage, was
assailed upon that voyage by a commissioned
cruiser of the enemy, and if, in the conflict which
ensued, the merchant vessel was not only able to
beat off the enemy, but captured her assailant, the
property of the vessel thus captured, and of the
goods on board of it, was vested in the captors.
The question now before this House depends
upon precisely the same principle; and the action
you are now called upon to take with respect to
the bill under consideration, is the necessary re-
sult of the application of that principle to the case
in hand. What are the circumstances in this
case?_ Was this a capture made upon the high
seas, in respect to which the general principles of
the law of nations would operate? Not at all.
It was a capture made within the waters of the
United States, by individuals holding no commis-
sion from the Government, it is true; but by those
who had devoted themselves to the public service,
and who had been engaged for days, weeks, and
months in carrying on expeditions for the purpose
of wounding the enemy then in possession of a
portion of our soil. This was the capture of a
.ship laden with provisions, with clothing, and
articles contraband of war, destined for the ser-
vice of the public enemy. The principle, then,
which permits an unarmed merchantman, if it
has the power, to capture a commissioned enemy,
and which appropriates the property so captured
to the use of the captors, and makes it theirs of
right, applies to this case. But, sir, the cases are
so unfrequent, of such rare occurrence, it has not
as yet been found necessary to adopt any general
legislation with respect to them; and it becomes
necessary, when they arise, that the principle
upon which the application is made should be
recognized and enforced in this country by the
action of the Congress of the United States.
But, sir, it is not necessary that the action of
the legislative power should be invoked in all
other countries. It is not so in that country upon
whose adjudications the very precedents cited by
the gentleman were based. I refer to the empire
of Great Britain. In the earlier times there ex-
isted in that monarchy an officer known as the
Lord High Admiral of England. Under the sys-
tem of English laws, whatever property was cap-
tured upon the high seas in a contest with an en-
emy, and whatever property was saved from the
waves by individuals who devoted themselves to
the rescue of wrecks, was forfeited; the right of
property vested in the Lord High Admiral, and
hence in the English law all such captures and
all such waifs upon the sea, were called droits tie
I'amiranti, or rights of the admiralty. In pro-
cess of time, however, the office of Lord High
Admiral of England ceased to be exercised; it
was united with the Crown, and then, in conse-
quence of that union, all captures made by non-
commissioned individuals on the high seas were
vested in the sovereign in his capacity of Lord
High Admiral, and are to this day termed droits
of admiralty.
Now let us refer to the action of Great Britain
with reference to this subject. Let us see what
has been her course. Sir, Great Britain, with
reference to captures made by vessels in the public
service, has enacted laws that are precisely the
same as those which now exist upon our statute-
book. They have adopted the same legislative
rules. They have declared that, when the offi-
cers and crew in the naval service make a cap-
ture, the property in the capture shall vest in the
officers and crew in a certain prescribed manner.
This, however, left all other captures under the
dominion of the law as it stood before, and left
the public authorities of Great Britain to pursue
sucn a course, with respect to them, as the prin-
ciples of international law, as the principles of
public law, as sound policy, or their views as to
what was best for the public service, required.
What has been the practice in Great Britain ?
The practice has been that, if a person holding
no commission or authority from the State makes
a capture upon the high seas, the_ property vests
in the State, or rather it is a droit of admiralty,
and is subject to be libeled in the court of ad-
miralty, and is disposed of by the judge in the
court of admiralty in accordance with the in-
structions of the Crown. And how do they dis-
pose of captures under such circumstances? I
hold in my hand reports of the adjudicated cases
in the English court of admiralty during the
last great war between England and France and
other European Powers. By reference to, this
volume, (1 Robinson's Admiralty Reports,) it
will be found that there are cases adjudicated yj
Great Britain depending upon the same principle
on which the bill before us is founded, and in-
volving circumstances of a much less meritorious
character on the part of the captors, in which the
court of admiralty, exercising the authority
vested in it,-under instructions given by the
King in council, gave the whole of the property
captured to the captors. I now call the attention
of the committee, and of the gentleman from -Vir-
ginia, to three cases reported in the first volume of
Robinson's Admiralty Reports.
The first case to which l will refer is that of
the Amor Parentum, which will be found on page
303. This was a case of a French vessel which
in distress off the port of Harwich, and
made signals for assistance. A fishing smack
gave the assistance—rescued the vessel—and
then took it into possession, and carried it into
the port. The owners of the smack, when in-
formed of it, went to the custom-house in Har-
wich, and desired to deliver her up as a droit of
admiralty; and in the mean time an excise or
revenue vessel hearing of the fact, made a formal
seizure of the vessel and property brought in.
The question then before the court was this:
which gave the better right—the original capture
by the fishing smaek, or the seizure by the officers
of the customs ? The court held that the capture
by the fishing smack gave, the better right. And
in that case—though the capture involved no.risk
of any kind—though it is not easy to conceive of
a case in which there was less positive merit in
the particular capture, yet the court, upon prin-
ciples of public policy, gave nearly one half of the
whole capture thus made to the captors.
The next case to which I refer is that of the
San Bernado, at page 178. That was a case also
of a ship in distress, retaken from French cap-
tors by an English non-commissioned vessel.
Here, too, there was no merit in the captors; and
yet the court gave one third of the value of the
recapture, amounting to about $12,01)0, to the
captors.
The third case, that of the Haase, at page 286,
was different from the others. There a ship with
powder, &c., for the public enemy on board,
was captured on the high seas by a non-com-
missioned vessel, and the capture was brought in
and condemned as a droit of admiralty. Here,
then, was merit in the capture, though no pecu-
liar or extraordinary risk was run or peril in-
curred. But in that case the court of admiralty
gave the whole proceeds of the capture to the
captors; thus placing them, though they held no
commission, had no special authority from the
Government to do an act of war, upon precisely
the same footing with the officers and crew of tha
public armed vessels of the British navy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this last case was^ a
weaker—a much weaker case than the one which
is now before us. The gentleman from Virginia
recited truly the facts, as far as he went, in rela-
tion to this matter; but he failed to present the
case in its whole extent. I will, therefore, with
the permission of the committee, rdSapitulate the
circumstances under which the capture in ques-
tion was made, and which ought to be considered
in connection with this inquiry.
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) As the
gentleman from Louisiana has turned his atten-
tion to this bill, I desire to be informed whether
it is not a bill of such a character that it ought
to have gone to the Court of Claims ? If it is not,
I should like to know why it is not ? I am not
disposed to throw difficulties in the way; but it
has occurred to me, and to other gentlemen also,
that this bill ought to have gone to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. TAYLOR. In reply to the question of
the gentleman from Virginia, I cannot conceive
that it can be in any way embraced in the provi-
sions of the act constituting the Court of Claims,
for the simple reason that the claim is one %vhioh
is addressed to the political discretion of Con-
gress. It is founded upon no existing law. There
is no implied contract between.the Government
and the captors asserted as affording.#
tion for it. It is simply a question, whether tne
political power of this Governfient after looking
