1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
into all the circumstances connected with the cap-
ture in question, shall apply the same rule with
respect to the disposition of the captured property
in favor of the non-commissioned captors of the
■British sloop Mary, which has been established
bylaw for the disposition of vessels captured by
privateers regularly commissioned by the Gov-
ernment?
Now, I will call the attention of the committee
to one or two circumstances connected with the
capture which make it clear to my mind, that it
is proper, and that it is not only proper, but that
it is important—and not only that it is important,
but that it is of vital necessity, that this principle
should be recognized for the future welfare of this
nation.
When this capture was made, there was a por-
tion of the coast of the then district, now State
of Maine, in the possession of the public enemy.
A considerable body of British troops were sta-
tioned there, and made incursions into the coun-
try, which greatly disturbed the people of the
district. The British cruisers lay in the bay, and
broke up the commerce of our citizens. The
present claimants, West Drinkwater and his
associates, were then laboring, seafaring men,
citizens of the district of Maine. The evidence
shows that they were again and again engaged
in making cruises, under the leadership of Noah
Miller, for the purpose of preventing the improper
introduction of goods into our remaining terri-
tory, for the purpose of preventing the smuggling
of goods upon the part of' the enemy, or those
acting with the enemy, and engaged in capturing
anything in their power to capture, upon the
water, which carried goods destined for'the ser-
vice of the enemy. While ensaged in one of these
cruises they encountered tins'vessel, which, as
the evidence shows, had 011 board property des-
tined for the service of" the British troops then
occupying Castine, which were constantly making
incursions into the country, annoying and harass-
ing our citizens, and disturbing or interrupting
their industry. This vessel had on board prop-
erty destined for the service of the British troops, 1
which,under the extraordinary circumstances at I
that period, upon a forced sale, brought more ]
than seventy thousand doliais. They captured
that vessel; they took possession ofit,aiid brought i
it into port. ° it
Wow, sir, upon a principle of right, upon the j:
principle on which our public legislation is based, '
that he who, when engaged in the public service, i
makes a capture of property belonging to the fine- j
my shall, and of right ought to be permitted, to j
appropriate to his own use the proceeds of that j
capture; I say that principle requires that the
money now in the Treasury of the United States
received from that capture, should be distributed
among' the parties named in the bill who made
the capture.
And, sir, there have been a number of cases in
which the Congress of the United States have
acted upon the principle—the precise principle
involved in this bill; and have surrendered their
right to property taken to non-commissioned
captors; and when tiie property captured has
been destroyed after the capture, Congress has
appropriated money to compensate the captors for
its loss.
I will refer to a few of these cases in detail, in j;
order that it may be seen that not only is the l!
honorable gentleman from Vtiginia in error when
he says there is no singln authoritative prece- j!
dent for the action proposed in the bill, but that i;
the principle on which it js based has been con-
stantly recognized by tiie repeated and concurrent '<
action of all the Departments of the Government.
Early in the war of Ibl'J, a British privateer!;
c&lleu the Dart, was captured by one of our reve- ;
nufc cutters. Our revenue cutters arc not com-
missioned for making captures from the public j
enemy, and m consequence, the captured property , i
m law vested m the Government, and the officers 1
ana crew of the revenue cutter had no le^vl ri^ht '
in it, or to any part of it. But when the fact was :
brought to the notice of Congress, did Coin-res* i
say to the captors the propei ty captured belongs '■
by law to the Ijmted States?—you were without !l
any commission to make captures, and instead of 11
having any met it with us for presuming to make "
a capture without any special, legal authority, we
regard you rather with disfavor for your lawless
act? Not at a!!. By act approved April 11,1814 (6
Statutes at Large, 134,) "all the claim and interest
of the United States to the net proceeds" of the
captured vessel was " released and relinquished"
to the non-commissioned captors.
In the same war, Joseph Stewart and others,
"fightingon their own hook," captured a tender
to the British man of war Dauntless, and took
eighteen prisoners. Acting upon the same prin-
ciple the advocates of this bill contend for, Con-
gress, by act passed April 29,1816, (6 Statutes at
Large, 175,) " released any claim which the Uni-
ted States might have to the vessel and property"
captured; and, in the same act, appropriated vari-
ous sums of money to pay to these captors; and
to Matthew Grey and John Woodward, of Prince
William's county, in Virginia; and to Samuel Jen-
nison and William Drury, of St. Mary's county,
Maryland, who had made prisoners of the crew
of a British boat in Clement's bay, in Potomac
river, the same bounty which was, by the then
existing laws, paid to officers and crews of the
ships of war duly commissioned for the prisoners
made by them; thus putting these private per-
sons—who, upon the theory of the gentleman from
Virginia, were almost wrong-doers in venturing
to act against the public enemy without public
authority—upon precisely the same footing, as to
merit and compensation, with those who were in
the naval service of the United States.
Are other instances necessary to show the high
sense which Congress has heretofore entertained
of such acts as those done by West Drinkwater
and his associates, (I say " high sense," for I
forgot to remark that in the last act referred to,
Congress declared that the money directed to be
paid, was "paid to" the parties " as an evidence
of the sense entertained of their valor and good
conduct in capturing a boat belonging to the
enemy," &c.,) and which the gentleman from
Virginia seems to think almost deserving of cen-
sure ? If so, they can be found at pages 191 and
261 of the Gth volume of the Statutes at Large,
j But I will not weary the House by reciting their
provisions.
I Now, sir, the principle to which the gentleman
from Virginia alluded, as having been recognized
; under judicial proceedings, has reference only
to cases where there was a positive law. The
cases cited by him can have no application to
cases of this character. They were founded
upon a rule adopted with reference to captures
on the high seas, where there are thousands and
thousands of miles occupied by no enemy, and
upon which the citizens of belligerent States may
carry on that intercourse with neutral nations
which is so important to the whole civilized
world, and is bencficial in the highest degree,
ordinarily even to the belligerents themselves.
But such a principle could not be recognized,
and can have no possible application to captures
made within the waters of any invaded country.
When a country is invaded, principles of public
law, feelings of patriotism, motives of public
policy alike demand that all captures of the prop-
erty of the enemy should be recognized as legal.
When our country is invaded, when our soil is
occupied by a foreign foe, when our people are
exposed to the horrors of war, it becomes the
duty of every citizen to take up arms, and in
every way to wound the enemy—to destroy his
strength by cutting off his resources. And, sir,
this is just what these men did. They acted
under a high sense of their duty to the country.
They acted under the noblest impulses; and, sir,
the services they rendered were such as to entitle
them to the thanks—ay, and to the gratitude and
generosity—of the whole nation. And are we to
be diverted front the discharge of the obligations
in their favor plainly imposed on the nation, by
references to judicial decisions in cases which
have nothing m common—no features even of
distant resemblance to the one which has given
iise to this discussion,
I feel, Mr. Chairman, that I have trespassed
ton long already on the time of the committee,
but I could not well say less. I will therefore ]
only reter briefly to some, of the circumstances i
involved in this transaction, for the purpose of
correcting the erroneous impressions that may
have been made on some minds by what has
failen from the gentleman from Virginia m rela- ■
tion to the conduct of Noah Miller, after the cap- I
ture was made. iN'o reflections on Noah Miller, |
no matter how weighty or well-founded, ought |
to have any effect to the prejudice of Drinkwater
an his associates, in this case. This capture was
not made by men in the naval service of the Gov-
ernment, and it was not, therefore, under the law,
vested in the captors. But, while this was true,
it is necessary for the committee not to forget,
that at that time there were other laws in exist-
ence, which might have operated on the subject-
matter of this case.
It will be recollected by members that, in the
years preceding the war of 1812, the Congress
of the United States saw fit to adopt a variety of
acts prohibiting all intercourse with different
foreign nations, and especially with Great Britain;
and that, under these laws, it was declared that
the property of the nations against which those
laws were directed, if found within the waters of
the United States, should be forfeited; and that
one half of the property so forfeited should vest
in the'United States, and the other half in those
who gave the information which led to the for-
feiture. When this capture was made, Noah
Miller took counsel, beyond all doubt, of legal
gentlemen, who advised him to regard it as a case
of bringing property into the waters of the Uni-
ted States, in violation of the non-intercourse
laws, as under those laws it would be declared
forfeited under the act of March 1, 1809, so that
one half of the property would'vest in the United
States, and the other half in the collector and
other officers of the customs, and the informer.
He saw fit to act in that manner. The district
attorney of the United States and the collector
of customs for that district were, undoubtedly,
cognizant of the facts, and concurred with him
in the propriety of taking that course. Proceed-
ings were, in consequence, instituted, and this
property was, by a judicial decree, declared for-
feited, and was distributed under the authority
of the non-intercourse acts. Much has been
said about the ante-dating of a commission to
Miller as a custom-house officer. If such a thing
occurred it was wrong—criminal, perhaps. It is,
however, difficult to understand the motive for this;
because, under the non-intercourse act of 1809,
the right to one fourth might have vested in Mil-
ler, as the one who gave the information which
led to the forfeiture; and under the act by author-
ity of which the proceedings might have been,
and probably were, conducted, the fact of the
informer being a revenue officer neither added
to nor diminished his rights. And, under such
circumstances, it is possible that the action of
Miller was not intended or designed to deceive or
defraud the Government; since, with or without
the existence of the custom-house commission
spoken of, the distribution to him, Miller, would
have been the same under the act. My own im-
pression is, that the custom-house commission
was not expected to operate against the Govern-
ment in favor of Miller; but in favor of Miller,
against his associates.
The evidence shows that Miller received one
fourth of the proceeds of the capture, whilst the
applicant and two, I think, of his associates, only
received §1,000 each; which was first taken out
of the aggregate amount.
Mr, MILLSON. All those in the boat received
$1,000 each.
Mr. TAYLOR. There are persons named as
associates of Miller at the time who are not men-
tioned in the distribution made at the time, and
who really received nothing. The evidence shows
this, as it is stated by some of the parties, that
there were one or two other persons engaged in
the enterprise, but who were not m the boat'at the
time of the capture.
Even lawyers might have recommended the
course of procedure taken by Miller, because
up to that time there not only was no law for
such a case of capture, but there had been no
precedent setby theGovermnent as to the course
it would be likely to pursue in similar cases in
the future. I admit it was imjiroper that any
misrepresentation or concealment should have
taken place in regard to the facts.
But whatever was the misrepresentation or
concealment, it does not lie at the door of the
persons named in the bill. The evidence shows
that they were laboring1 men—men who gamed
a livelihood by daily toil—and, as a matter of
course, it cannot be supposed, they had any ex-
tended knowledge of the laws applicable to the
case, or any even remote conceptions as to what
