1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
might have been the policy of this Government
with respect to cases not then specifically provided
for by law. Such men, if they reasoned at all,
could have only reasoned from first principles;
and had they done so, it certainly would not have
been unnatural or surprising if, when informed
that the officers and crews in the navai service of
the United States would, under similar circum-
stances, have been entitled to the property cap-
tured, they had concluded that they were entitled
to the same compensation, because they also
were men who had incurred the perils of the sea
and the dangers of an enemy to render service to
the country.
And now, sir, it seems to me that the passage
of this bill is required, not only because the appli-
cants, by their deeds in a past war, deserved well
of their country, but because the example is one
which is in itself well calculated to promote the
best interests of the country in the future, if it
should ever be our misfortune to be involved in
another national war. The great object in war
is to injure the enemy; and it has^ always been
considered the true policy of nations to adopt
such measures as would bring all the stronger
motives of self-interest into play, so that the prin-
ciple of selfishness might unite in the work of
national defense with the more elevated and noble
principles of patriotism and of public duty. Our
existing laws in relation to captures made by the
Navy of the country in time of war are founded
on this single consideration. Pass this bill, and
manifest a determination to regard the principle
on which it is founded as a settled principle in
our public policy, and the same extraordinary
stimulus which operates upon the officers and
crews of our national vessels on the great high-
way of nations in time of war, will also operate
upon the strong arms and stout hearts of the
thousands who, in the ordinary pursuits of life,
frequent the bays, inlets, and rivers of our ex-
tended coasts. Reject it, and you will throw
a doubt upon the justice of the nation, which, in
the event of another war, would be likely to
affect, in no inconsiderable degree, the vigor of
our efforts to annoy an enemy, in the event of
another invasion.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
* The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment,
reported by the committee, pending; and the ques-
tion must'first be taken upon its adoption.
The amendment was- read, as follows:
At the end of the bill add :
Provided, That if the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
satisfied, from the record of the distribution herctoiore made,
that Noah Miller, commander of the boat which captured
the British sloop Marv, has not already received his legal
relative share of the said prize, then the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of the said Miller shall reccive such additional
sum from the Secretary ot the Treasury as will make the
whole distribution, adding that heretofore made, and that
now to be made, among the captain and crew above men-
tioned, in accordance with the law of 1800, entitled>( An
actfm the bettei government of the Navy."
Mr. MILLSON. Before the question is put, I
wish to say that I presume there -will be no ob-
jection to the amendment, as I suppose that the
object of it is to defeat the claim of Noah Miller.
I ask the gentleman from Maine, who reported
the bill, if that is not so?
Mr. KNOWLTON. Certainly not. The object
is to place the division under the law which
regulates the division of a capture by privateers-
men. , __
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose the House will
hardly pass the bill in any shape; but certainly,
if the bill is to pass, it ought to pass with an ex-
press exclusion of Noah Miller from any partici-
pation in the appropriation made by the bill. It
is admitted by the gentleman from Maine, and it
appears by the proof, that this case was con-
trived by Noah Miller and the collector of cus-
toms for the purpose of securing to themselves
an amount of money which they might have
claimed to be due under a state of facts which did
not exist. Now, I think that there is abundant
reason to suppose that the other parties were
aware of this proceeding—that it is not likely that
they would stand by and pockettheir money, and
not know by what means they came by it. I do
not say that this is so, for I do not know it; but
it is admitted by all that Miller did receive an
antedated appointment as receiving officer, and
the libel was afterwards filed, alleging that the
capture was made by a revenue boat of the United
States, commanded by Captain Miller, acollector
of the customs.
I therefore move, for the purpose of excluding
him and his representatives from any participa-
tion in any portion of this capture, this proviso,
in lieu of the one reported by the committee.
Provided, That no portion of the amount contained in
this bill shall be paid to the representatives of Noah Miller.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I hope the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Virginia;- will
not be adopted. Mr. Miller is not now living;
and whatever fraud there might have been be-
tween him aod the custom-house officer in that
case is out of the reach of those now living. To
adopt the amendment would produce contention
among the heirs. The facts of the case are that
Captain Miller received some $14,000, and each
of the crew $1,000. Basing the division under
this bill upon the law which is proposed, it is not
probable that the heirs of Mr. Miller will reccive
anything. It may give them a trifle, but not
much; and to allow the division to rest upon the
law will be satisfactory to all parties. I hope
the gentleman from Virginia will not persist in
his objection, inasmuch as only the widow and
children of Captain Miller are living.
Mr. MILLSON. It is strange to me that the
gentleman from Maine should object to my
amendment. If Captain Miller never received
one cent, not one cent should be now paid him.
The gentleman forgets that, although it is un-
doubtedly true, as the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Taylor] well said—and in saying it he only
reinforced the legal argument which I suggested
to the committee; he has gone more largely into
the explanation of the law than I did—that it was
competent for the court to give the whole pro-
ceeds to the captors, yet those captors came be-
fore the court and alleged a fraudulent claim.
Not content to rest upoii the bounty of the Gov
ernment, and to receive the amount the court
might be pleased to adjudge to them, they pre-
tended they were entitled to one half, fearing they
might not get even that by any other means, by
the bounty of the Government; and when they
succeeded, by these fraudulent appliances, in get-
ting one half, why will you listen to this applica-
tion, because they say that, if the court had known
all the circumstances, it might have given them
the whole? Perhaps it might; but ought they
not to be bound by their own election, and ou ht
the Government to compensate them for that
which it might punish ? If Miller had received
nothing—though he did receive $15,000—he ought
not to be allowed to receive anything.
Therefore, I cannot withdraw the amendment,
and I ask the House, whatever they do with the |
bill, to provide that the representatives of Miller '
shall not profit by his improper conduct.
Mr. McMULLIN. I had hoped that the
, gentleman from Maine would accept the amend-
ment of my colleague. The discussion has sat-
isfied me of one fact; and that is, that, notwith-
standing the opinion of my distinguished friend
from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] this bill ought
to have gone to the Court of Claims. Here is a
direct fraud charged upon Miller and the custom-
house officer. I ask, how is this committee, from
the testimony in the case, to investigate the char-
acter of that fraud? If the charge preferred
against Miller be true, instead of allowing him or
his heirs to peculate further upon the Govern-
, ment, a suit ought to be instituted against his legal
1 representatives to make them disgorge and reim-
; burse the money which has been improperly taken
from the Government. I ask, then, ought not
the committee to report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass, and
let the case go before the Court of Claims? If the
charges alleged by my colleague are true—-I do
not say that they are—in reference to Mr. Miller
and the custom-house officer, they ought to be
investigated. Will any gentleman deny that?
With a view to test the sense of the House, 1
will, if it be in order, move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. MILLSON. I have already submitted
that motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was not aware of that
fact. I shall yote for the amendment of my col-
league.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not understand this
matter very well, and, with the permission of the
gentleman from Maine, I would like to make an
inquiry in regard to it. So far as I can judge of
the facts, this claim originated in Noah Miller
himself. It was brought to the attention of Con-
gress by him, prosecuted by him, and, during its
pendency, he died. Am I right?
Mr. KNOWLTON. The case was presented
by Mr. Miller some years ago. I am notable to
say whether it was pending when he died or not,
or whether final action had been taken on it.
Sometimes it has been reported upon favorably,
and sometimes adversely.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman states that
Noah Miller made application to this House for
this money, and that the bill was rejected by this
body. If it was rejected here, I take it for granted
that it was rejected upon the ground of the fraud
which had been committed against the Govern-
ment..
Mr. TAYLOR here made a remark which was
not heard by the reporter.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, at any rate, the
matter must stand in this way: Noah Miller
made application to Congress. The application
was rejected by the Committee on Commerce on
the ground that he had combined with officers of
the Government for the purpose of committing a.
fraud by which he was enabled to secure the sum
of money which he has received. .Then, so far
as these facts are concerned, I understand there is
no difference of opinion in regard to them. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Knoivlton] con-
curs, the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tay-
lor] concurs, and my colleague from Virginia
[Mr. Millson] concurs, that they are all true—
all established. Now, sir, if this be the state of
facts, I should like to inquire of the gentleman
from Maine why it was that Noah Miller did
not come back here to prosecute this claim, if it
was honestly supposed that he could properly
recover it?
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I will explain. Noah Miller
did prosecute this claim. His heirs did prosecute
it in, the Senate. The Senate passed a bill for
their relief; which came to this House, and was
referred to the committee-of which the honorable
gentleman from Virginia who has addressed the
committee [Mr. Millson] was a member. That
gentleman reported adversely upon it, and it re-
mained undisposed of.
Now, as I understand it. the motive in offering*
this amendment is to obviate this difficulty. If
this bill should be passed in its original form, and
be sent to the Senate, it would be met with th«
difficulty upon the part of some persons who in-
sist that Noah Miller's heirs are entitled to some-
thing. This amendment wouid meet that peculiar
objection. The division which it provides for, I
understand, is satisfactory to ail parties, while, if
carried out, the heirs of Noah Miller would receive
little or nothing in consequence of the large pro-
portion which he has already received.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if I understand it,
Noah Miller's heirs are at war with the other
claimants in reference to the claim; at least there
is some issue so far as they are concerned, which
would be likely to raise difficulty in the Senate if'
the amendment of my colleague should be adopt-
ed. Now, sir, if this be the state of things, there
is then the fact, that the heirs of Noah Miller
are not only concerned in this application, but
are to receive a portion of the money to be ap-
propriated.
Mr. MILLSON. The application was first
made by Noah Miller on his own behalf.
Mr. LETCHER. Without any regard to
these other parties ?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly. He claimed the
proceeds of the sale of the vessel, stating that it
was captured by him and his men. In his letter
he says, that he had received only the paltry sum
of ninety dollars; but m the further evidence of
the case there appears a certificate of Thomas L.
Smith, Register of the Treasury, showing that
instead of the paltry sum of ninety dollars, he had
received $15,000. The committee of the Senate
reported a bill granting him $10,000 in lieu of
any further claim. But the present bill is to
appropriate $33,000 to other parties.
Mr. LETCHER. Do I understand my col-
league to say that the bill passed the Senate
