1856.]
APPENDIX I*O THE congressional GLOSS.
eg?
34th Co^g....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett, of Neva YorJc.
Ho. op Reps.
rather keep the gates of agitation wide open.
Thev would stir the excitement, and increase
the storm, that they might ride on the wind and
waves into the port of power, or at least of noto-
riety. Others expect to draw on the Kansas
question as on a bank, with inexhaustible credit,
for boundless capital in the presidential canvass.
I allude to no one in particular; and I leave all
such unpatriotic men to the bitter crucifixion
which they must suffer hereafter, at the hands of
the impartial historian. By their fruits shall ye
know them—by their stubborn opposition to all
measures of compromise and pacification.
It may be urged, however, that the fatal ob-
jection which 1 nave stated against the various
other propositions for effecting a permanent peace
in Kansas, recoils upon my own with equal force
—that so soon as General Scott might withdraw
from the country, (and it could not be supposed
he would remain there in perpetuity,) the hostil-
ities would be renewed. But to obviate that dif-
ficulty, in addition to the powers contemplated
by the Senator from Kentucky, in the mission
proposed, I would suggest that the great pacifi-
cator be endowed with a still higher authority. As
it is the practice sometimes to send agents a"broad
for the purpose of inquiring into the political
condition of new communities or nations that
have changed their dynasties or forms of govern-
ment by revolutions, as a preliminary and ante-
cedent to the recognition of their independence,
in like manner should General Scott be intrusted
with the prerogative of ascertaining the true
moral and social status of the people of Kansas,
and their qualification for admission into the j
Union. Give him power to take the census, and :
estimate the precise number of actual residents, ;
noting pari passu the two sides of opinion on the j
question of slavery among the citizens so as to j
demonstrate the mathematical majority of which- i
ever party that maybe numerically predominant,
and thus set that doubt forever at rest. If he
finds in Kansas a community with republican
and American institutions capable of self-govern-
ment, and prepared for the exercise of political
sovereignty, let him proceed at once to order an
election for delegates to frame a constitution, and
let Kansas be immediately admitted as an inde-
pendent State, a coequal member in the partner-
ship of the Federal Uaion. And above all, let
him have the most Ample authority, and a suffi-
cient military force to protect the sacred privi-
lege of the elective franchise from the intru-
sive and disgraceful domination of transient
persons, whether from Massachusetts or Mis-
souri. If this just, prudent, and impartial plan
should be adopted and prosecuted with the neces-
sary vigor, the vexed and dangerous issue would
soon be determined in a peaceful manner. What
the people of the United States desire to know,
before all other things in the case is, which Of the
parties permanently domiciled in the Territory
possesses the majority of suffrages ? and until
that fact be rendered certain, the civil war must
progress, and quiet can never be restored. And all
devices which tend only to defer action and procras-
tinate the crisis, are pestiferous in the extreme.
For selfish purposes and political ends, men may
proclaim that the contest has been terminated.
But the deductions of all history, and the eternal
laws of human nature, mark the supposition as
the height of folly and delusion. That fierce strug-
gle of interests, that truceless war of organized
ideas, can never terminate without the absolute and
unconditional ascendency of one side or the other.
Kansas must, by logical necessity, be either a free
ot a slave State-; and it should be the policy as it
is the imperative duty of Congress to provide for
the speedy solution of that fundamental problem,
but still in such a way as shall be alike equal and
honorable to all sections of the country, and in
perfect accordance With the great principle of
popular sovereignty, that supreme guide and polar
star of our political system. And were I not a
new member, had I a larger experience, a supe-
rior ability, and a more secure footing on this
floor, 1 would feel it an obligation to entreat and
adjure the representative wisdom of the nation,
by every motive of justice, honor, patriotism,
atid even common humanity, to adjust these dan-
gerous difficulties, to end this state of useless and
suicidal war.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. BENNETT,
OF NEW YORK,
Isr tttt House of Representatives,
June 30, 1856.
The Hoase having tinder consideration House bill (No.
411) for the admission of Kansas as a free State,
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, said:
Mr. Speaker: Kansas asks admission as a free
State. This is demanded for the protection of
her people, and the preservation of the public
peace. It is required by every consideration of
justice, and of prudence. Kansas was a free
Territory, and pledged to freedom. But the last
Congress did the great wrong of opening it to
slavery; unsettling that which was settled; re-
opening slavery agitation; and renewing sectional
strife; violating the national faith; and doing
injustice to the free States.
By that act Kansas has been m&de the theater
of contention and violence. Printing presses have
been torn down, property destroyed, houses
burned, and robberies and murder committed.
The Territory is in a state of civil war. Mobs
of armed men, controlled only by the madness of
passion, have inflicted upon peaceable citizens
every kind of indignity and insult, and perpe-
trated every species of crime and cruelty, un-
checked anaunrebuked. It has no law orgovern-
ment protecting it? citizens; none, or such only as
has been imposed upon them—such only as tends
to their oppression. The city of Lawrence has
been destroyed, and free citizens driven from the
Territory, with the sound of artillery ringing in
their ears, and the light of their burning habita-
tions flashing upon their eyes, as they turned to
look back to the homes where they had been
forced to leave their wives and children at the
mercy of w6rse than barbarian foes. _ !
In this condition of things, when the public
feeling has become highly inflamed, and we are
rapidly approaching revolution and civil and sec-
j tional war, we are appealed to for the admission j
I of Kansas as a State, to give safety to its people, i
and prevent further outrages—to restore peace
and tranquillity to the country, such as it had
before this wicked attempt was made to force
slavery into free territory. Its admission aS a
State has now become a matter of imperious
necessity. It is the ortly way left of peaceably j
and speedily putting an end to all these difiicttl- j
ties. It should be at once adopted. What ob- !
jection call be made to the immediate admission
of Kansas? Its constitution is republican; and
was fairly adopted. Its precise population is
immaterial. Tnere is no regulation on that sub-
ject. It rests entirely in the discretion of Con-
gress. It is estimated Kansas has now some
sixty thousand inhabitants, and their numbers
are rapidly increasing. Long before another elec-
tion it will have double the number deemed neces-
sary by any objector. No delay is necessary
on this account. Seven States have been ad-
mitted, having, when they applied for admission,
a less population than Kansas is estimated to
hare.
Neither Missouri, Arkansas, nor Louisiana, all
slave States, admitted from the same Territory,
had as large a population as Kansas has; and
Florida, another slave State, had, when admitted,
only twenty-seven thousand and ninety-one in-
habitants; and by the last census had only forty-
seven thousand two hundred and three free white
inhabitants. Yet Florida, for more than ten
years, has had its two Senators in the Senate of
the United States; representing, in 1845, twenty-
seven thousand, and in 1856, forty-seven thou-
sand people !—equal in the Senate withNew York,
having over three millions.
Is it wise or proper to reftise admission to Kan-
sas, and protection to its people, in the hope of
ret being able to make it a slave State ? That,
believe, is now impossible. As such it never
can be admitted; it is doubly pledged to freedom.
But if its people, now asking admission as a free
State, desire to establish slavery, they can amend
their constitution at any time after their admis-
sion as a State, to that effect, and in that way,
and in no other, make it a slave State. And even
for this purpose, (really the only objection,) no
delay is necessary, and nothing can be gained by
it.
I propose to compare the claims of the two sec-
tions to Kansas, and see to which it rightfully
and properly belongs—to see how much our pur-
chased territories have cost, and how they nave
been divided:
i. cost of territory purchased.
Territory of Louisiana, (purchased of France
in 1803) $15,000,000
Interest paid   8,327,353
Florida (purchased of Spain)  5,000,000
Interest paid  1,430,000
Texas, (for boundary)  10,000,000
Texas, (for indemnity)  10,000,000
Texas, (for creditors, last Congress)  7,750,000
Indian expenses of all kinds, (say)  5,000,000
To purchase navy, pay troops, &c  5,000,000
All other expenditures  3,000,000
Expense of the Mexican war  217,175,575
Soldiers'pensions, and bounty lands, &c., (Say) 15,000,000
Expenses of the Florida war, (say)  100,000,000
Soldiers' pensions, bounty lands, Sic., (say)... 7,000,000
To remove Indians, suppress hostilities, &c.,
(day)   5,000,000
Paid, by treaty, for Mew Mexico  15,000,000
Paid to extinguish Indian titles', (say)   100,000,000
Paid to Georgia  3,082,000
$839,784,92 
Many of the above items cart bfe accurately
stated; others can only be estimated. But our
acquisitions of territory have cost us an immense
amount, and led to large expenditures. The
above is merely an approximation towards it.
The expense of the Mexican war is given as stated
officially by the Secretary of the Treasury in his
report in 1851. (See Appendix to Globe, vol.
23, page 21.) This was, as Mr. Clay said in his
great speech in 1850, a war " made essentially
by the South, growing out of our annexation of
Texas;" a war into which the country war pre-
cipitated by the action of a southern President;
a war of conquest, which Congress declared "was
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun by
the President of the United States."
j It was at the instance of the slaveholding sec-
] tion of the Union, and fot its immediate benefit,
, that all our purchases of foreign territory have
been made. It was most emphatically the South,
! and the voice of "southern Councils," that led
: to the acquisition of Louisiana-, Florida, Texas,
and New Mexico; and as it regards all sectional
issues—all questions of political ascendency—all
these acquisitions of territory have been made,
and have operated, for the direct and immediate
benefits of the slaveholding States.
Not one inch of territory has ever been pur-
chased or acquired of any foreign Power, since the
Constitution was adopted, at the instance of the
free States, or which was intended for their ben-
efit.
Yet the free States have paid more than two
thirds of the entire cost of all these acquisitions
of territory, and the consequent expenditures
since incurred. They have borne their full share
in the wars which led to, ot resulted from, these
acquisitions, in the expenditure of money, and in
the sacrifice of human life.
ft. how has the purchased territory been
divided ?
From the territory thus purchased, and paid
for by all the States, Jive new slave States have been
admitted, having the following extent of territory
! and representation in Congress:
I States. Square Miles. Senutort. Representativu.
, 1. Louisiana  41,346 2 4
! 2. Missouri  65,037 2 7
! 3. Arkansas 52,191 2 3
I 4. Florida  59,268 2 1
! 5. Texas 325,369 2 2
5 Slave States...543,369
10
16
The free States, if any, are yet to be admitted!
Kansas and Nebraska, unless the unjust legisla-
tion that opened these free Territories to slavery,
and the violent measures adopted to establish it
in Kansas, aided and abetted by the present Ad-
ministration, shall enable slavery to take all, even
that part once secured to freedom, and from
which slavery was "forever prohibited!"
At a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars,
(over eight hundred millions,) we have obtained
the territory for there Jive new slave States, by
