708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
The profiles to accompany the general map, and those
to accompany ths maps of the routes.  .... •ijOW
The detail maps of the route or the 35th parallel,
with the profiles 
Sum .
4,200
$-11,200
The total of the two then becomes  $49,330
Verv respectfully your obedient servant,
* A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Captain Topographical Engineers.
To the Hon. Jefferson Davis, Sccretanj of War.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The joint resolution
to which the gentleman from Virginia has referred
is, X presume, one enacted on January 18, ltf55.
It reads as follows:
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, «$Y.,
That hereafter whon any chai w, maps, diagrams, views, or
other engravings, bhall be required to illustrate any docu-
ment ofdered to be printed by either Uou*e of Congress,
they shall be contracted for by the Supeimtendent of Public
Printing, under the supervision and direction or such com-
mittee as the House oideung the panting of any «>uch doc-
ument shall duect."
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then, after all, you
have to superintend tfre publication.
Mr. FITZPATRECK. Yea, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It seems to me
there is no objection to this proposition on the
ground stated by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia. I regard this appropriation as of particu-
lar necessity at the present time. These maps
are not only important now, but will be important
in all time. They are prep.ued from explorations
of large regions of country of which we have
very little knowledge that can be relied on. They
are connected with a great practical question—the
Pacific railroad—and the earlierwe can have these
reports spread before us to enlighten us on the
suoject, tiie better I think it will be. I hope no
impediment of a technical nature will be thrown
in the way, (even if there be aground for prevent-
ing this appropriation,) in order that this woik
may be accomplished at the earliest possible
period. 1 trust that will be the sense of the Sen-
ate and that we shall hear no serious objection
raised against it.
of the two Houses, to this extent it overrules the
general law.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I was not treating
the subject with reference to that, but on a differ-
ent point. I was calling the attention of my friend i
from Virginia to the illustrations selected by him !
to show how much we could save in regard to
printing. I have another illustration, which I j
think more appropriate than his. I-have not i
looked at this as an appropriation to the District j
of Columbia at all. ;
It is extraordinary that these gross abuses
should exist—for every one must say that they
have been very gross—and I have acknowledged
my part of the responsibility for the commission ,
of them. I was thinking that our bills for the ;
improvement of the great rivers and harbors in !
the interior did not usually exceed double the ,
amount which it seems we might save in the cost j
( of public printing alone. I understand the cost !
i| of the public printing to be some $2,000,000, or j
!: at least $1,200,000 or #1,-400,000 a year. Possibly :
J there might bo a saving effected of ^600,000, or !
!j $700,000, or $SOO,OGO; and if we could only have ,
j; that money to keep open some of our most con- ;
;i siderabie rivers, to remove obstructions which j
'j coat annually millions of dollars by the losses ,
■, sustained m those waters, and on the lakes, how !
J much greater and more beneficial would be the ;
('conception! 1 do not mean this personally m ,
regai d to the Senator from Virginia; but whence ;
,{ his idea of sloops of war, and the immense cost j
| at which they arc to be maintained and kept
jl afloat5 Truly, as a part of the military defenses
;! of the country, a navy, a military marine, is neces-
|i sary to be kept up in order to protect the foreign !
'j commerce of the country. That is chiefly for ,
the protection of foreign commerce; and we can ■
( g''t no expenditure of $500,000 or §1,000,000 for ]
;■ the protection of domestic commerce, for the |
.! improvement of our principal harbors and rivers, j
,j to put them in a condition for safe navigation! ]
I Yet ^io00,()00 a year is wasted m useless printing! j
I beg pardon for this intrusion, but that train of j
thought was excited by the honorable Senator's !
illustration, that what we might gain by economy
in the public printing would amount to a sum
I will take this opportunity to say, that I am
very much gratified to find that there is a general '! which would support a sloop of war.
disposition to inquire into the causes for the ex- ;j Air. WELLER. I did not intend, of course, by
traordinary increase of expenditure in the public. !j olh'ring the amendment in its present shape, to
printing of the two Houses of Congress. I think
every Senator, as v. ell as every member of the
House of Representatives, should feel some indi-
vidual responsibility resting on him m regard to
this matter. I feel it myself. I acknowledge that
I have been generally too htfle disposed to look
into the particulars and details when we have
had presented to us questions of publishing works
of science—works that arc calculated to illustrate
and give honor to the Government, and the offi-
cers of the Crovei nment. in any Department really
connectcd with its fair opeumons; but I see that
groat necessity exists for a more careful consul
cast any reflection either upon the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, or the Committee on
Puntingof the Senate. These maps have been
carefully preparedat the Department of Wai ; the
whole subject has been under the control of that
Department. These maps contain a vast amount
of valuable information, geographical as well as
topographical. I hold that it is the most im-
portant part of the report which we have had
from the officers engaged on these surveys. It
contains valuable information which you cannot
obtain anywhere else—information in regard to
the topogrnphy of a country which has hitherto
oration of questions of this kind when they mo !! been almost wholly unknown. This is, therefore
submitted to us. Some of the propositions which
have given rise to this large expenditure I remem-
ber to have given my voice agonist, but with
freat reluctance and great deference. Generally
have sustained them, and I suppose such will
be a fair acknowledgment on the part of a major-
ity of the Senate. At all times wc have been too
little disposed to look into them, but it is lime Are
should examine them. I believe, however, that
the honorable Senator from Virginia has gen-
erally been in opposition to the publication of
these works; and he will allow me to say, that
when I find him thus roused on this subject, and
awakened to the necessity of more particular care,
I am sorry that he can find no better illustration
of the great importance of economizing in our
public printing than a reference to the cost of sup-
poiting a sloop of war.
Mr. FITZPATR1CIC. Dues the gentleman
understand me to say, that the disposition now
proposed by the amendment of the Senator from
a question of practical importance; it is one on
wiueh we propose to legislate at this very ses-
sion; it is one which must continue to attract a
considerable share of public attention for many
years to come. It was for that reason that I de-
sired thnt these maps should be engraved, and
that the work should be done in such a style as
would reflect credit not only upon the officers
who have been concerned m "n, but on the coun-
try itself. Without such a provision ns this, they
will be lithographed; and if so, after the stone is
used m strikingoff one thousand or two thousand
numbers, it will be in such a condition as to ren-
der it almost impossible to trace the lines. For
that rutson I present it in this form. If these
maps, which have been carefully prepared at the
War Department, are to effect the object which
we designed in communicating to the country
valuable information, it is necessary that they
should be engraved.
t , .... . Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it in order to move an
California is in accordance wnh the joint rcsolu- 'j amendment to the amendment now pending ?
tion I have read ? ,! The PRESIDENT. No,sir; the amendment
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, I did not so !j now pending is an amendment to an amendment,
understand the honorable Senator. 'j Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I would ask the
Mr.FITZPATRICK. I only wish to say that ;l attention of the Senator from California for a
if the subject should take the usual and proper j ! moment, that he may say whether he will accept
direction, it would be referred to the Committee jj this as a part of his amendment. My proposition
on Printing, as the law requires; but if it is to be ] f is to add the words:
incorporated into this bill, and receive the sanction !| The plates to be furnished and used for printing tiie maps
accompanying the copies of said reports ordered by Con-
gress.
The Superintendent of Public Printing in-
forms me that no progress has been yet made
with reference to printing these maps. If the
Senate should adopt the amendment offered by
the Senator from California, of course the plates
for engraving the maps must be first procured.
Those plates can be used for the purpose of print-
ing the same maps to be connected with the work
which we have ordered; and it would, as I under-
stand it, save the expense of procuring them
anew.
Mr. HUSK. I think the Senator from Maine
misunderstands the amendment. It is simply to
transfer tho direction of the very work which we
have ordered. It relieves the Superintendent of
Public Printing and puts it upon the Secretary
of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it is an extra
number of the maps. I think it does not refer to
printing the work already ordered.
Mr. WELLER. We have already ordered ten
thousand copies of the report to be printed with
the maps and plates. Those very maps which
we have ordered to be printed, I now propose to
have engraved; and this appropriation will provide
for the engraving of ten thousand. That is all
Congress has ordered; so that there would be no
use in transferring the plates afterwards to the
Superintendent of Public Printing, for the reason
that, when the Secretary of War has used them,
we shall have all that we have heretofore ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that be the case I have
misunderstood the amendment; but if the object
is to transfer the matter from the Superintendent
of Public Printing to the Secretary of War, it is
plainly in contravention of the provisions of the
law, which says that the engraving for the pur-
pose of illustrating any work ordered by Con-
gress shall be done in a particular way. I sup-
posed the proposition to be something outside the
order; that it was simply to engrave the mops for
a specific purpose, separate from the work itself;
but if these are to go into the work for the purpose
of illustrating it, the provisions of the law are
clear, and wc cannot alter it.
Mr. WELLER. The same power that passed
the law, to which the Senator from Maine alludes,
can repeal it; or if we pass a law which directly
conflicts with it, as a matter of course that law
must give way. Even if it were necessary under
the law that this work should go to the Commit-
tee on Printing, it is competent to both branches
of Congress to direct that a particular part of the
work shall bo under the supervision of a different
person. The reason why I have put the propo-
sition in this shape is, that I thought it was due
to officers of the War Department, who have
carefully prepared this work, that they should
have the control of the engraving; and, as I under-
stand the subject, if this appropriation be made,
we shall obtain all the copies which we have ever
ordered, or which wc desire to order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the amendment be
rend; perhaps I have misunderstood it.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I will read the resolution
which was adopted on the 24th February, 1855:
''Raolvcd, That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand copies of the several reports of surveys foi a
railroad to the Pacific, made under the direction of the Sec-
letary of' War; and also of the report of F. W. Lander,
civil engineer, of a survey of a railroad rotite from Puget'a
Sound, by Fcnt Hall and the Great Salt Lake, to the Mis-
sissippi river; ami the report of John C. Fiomont, of a
route tor a lailroad from the head-waters of the Arkansas
liver into tiie State of California ; together with tiie maps
and plate* accompanying said repoits, necessary to lilus-
Uate the same."'
These are the maps and plates which I propose
to have engraved under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the attention
of the Senator from California to a single point.
The original order which he has just read, pro-
vides that there shall be a certain number of re-
ports and maps prepared for the Senate. Wq
nave now a general law which provides that en-
graving and printing shall be done in a certain
manner. Now, if I understand the amendment,
it is to change the existing law, and take the prep*
aration of these engravings from the officer al-
ready designated by the Government to prepare
them, and transfer it to the War Department.
That is the first step in battering down your
