66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not propose to go into
any extended discussion of this question I am
very anxious that the House should come to a
vote. I barely wish to say one or two things in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio who has just
taken his seat. The gentleman says he will
never consent to acknowledge the validity of the
laws of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas;
and that the proviso in his bill simply requires
that none of the money appropriated in the bill
shall be useft for the enforcement of these laws
until their validity is passed upon by Congress.
Well, sir, nobody proposes that either he or the
House shall acknowledge the validity of these
laws. And I submit to that gentleman—I submit
to the House, that it is not within our legitimate
province, under the Constitution of the United
States, to pass upon the validity of those laws.
That is a matter which belongs to the courts. It
is our business to pass and repeal laws, and not
to judge of them. The law-making, the law-
judging, and law-executing departments in our
system are separate and distinct. We have g;ot
no more right—it is no more a part of our juris-
diction—to say that no part of this money shall
be used in the enforcement or execution of the
laws in Kansas, than it is to say that it shall not
be used for the enforcement of the laws in No
braska, or in any other Territory or State of the
United States. The validity of law is a question
which everywhere, in the States, and in the
Territories, is for the courts to determine. And
the President of the United States cannot call out
any military force in aid of the execution of any
law but by the provisions of the act of 1795 or
that of 1807. And this he cannot do under either,
until some competent court has passed judicial
judgment upon the validity of the law. Under
the act of 1795, he may, under certain circum-
stances, call .out the fnilitia; and under the act of
1807, he may, under circumstances stated, call out
the Army of the country; but only in execution
of some court process. The courts must always
pass upon the validity of the law. The legisla-
tive, judicial, and executive powers are separate
and chstmct.
Now, sir, one part of the proviso attached to
this bill, to say nothing of the other monstrous
features of it, is to the effect, that none of the
money shall be expended m aid of the enforce-
ment of the laws of Kansas until the validity of
those laws shall have been passed upon by Con-
' gress — until we usurp judicial functions! Why,
nir, Congress has got no such right. This House
might pass a resolution, or this Congress, lather,
might pass a law, declaring all those territorial
laws invalid; and yet such a declaratory act could
not affect or control the judgment of courts m
deciding upon the rights of individuals under
them. This principle is clearly settled by the
Supreme Court of tlie United States in the ease
of Fletcher and Peck.
The only proper course to be taken, if the
validity of these laws is questioned, is to take the
case, as is provided in the oiganic act, to the
Supreme Court of the United States, where all
laws passed by Congress, or under the authority
of Congress, arc to be passed upon. As the gen-
tleman m front of me [Mr. Underwood] rcmaiks,
Congress might declaie the laws to be invalid,
and yet the Supreme Court be of the opinion
that they arc vaiid. In the case of Fletcher and
Peck, the Supreme Court held the law to be valid,
though the Legislature had declared that it was
utterly void—never was valid. The only ques-
tion is, whether these laws weie passed by a
properly-constituted law-making body ? And
whether they were, or not, we have no right to
make any declaration as to their validity or inva-
lidity. If they were properly and constitutionally
passed, then any decimation upon the part of
this House, or of Congress, in respect to their
validity, can have no binding effect; and if not,
that is a question for the courts to determine.
Why, sir, Congress might as well undertake
to pass upon the validity of an ordinance of this
city. They have the power to revoke the power
of the corporate authorities of the city to pass
laws—they have the power to deprive them of all
municipal legislative functions whatever—but
they have no right to declare laws or ordinances
passed by them, under authority previously con-
ferred, invalid; and, sir, I repeat that Congress
has no more constitutional power to pass upon
the validity of the laws of Kansas than they have
to pass upon the validity of existing ordinances
of this city.
In regard to the remark of the gentleman from
Ohio, that he submitted to the committee of con-
ference, the simple proposition, that no part of the
money should be used in aid of the execution of
the laws of Kansas, 1 have this to say 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think the gentleman mis-
understood me. I stated that I first submitted
the proposition the gentleman refers to as a part
of the entire proposition I had to submit, and
that having failed, I did not deem it neccssary to
proceed further.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well; the gentleman
asked the committee to consider what he an-
nounced was only a part of the proposition he had
to submit. If that had been acceded to, it was clear
that it would not have adjusted the difficulty. The
gentleman would not submit it unless coupled
with the remainder of his proposition, which was
not stated.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submitted it as an inde-
pendent proposition, the others having no direct
connection with it; and the reason why the re-
mainder of the proposition was not submitted
was, because the Senate committee having refused
to accede to the first part of it, it would have
been a waste of time to have proceeded further.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the gentleman refers
to what occurred in committee, I will say, that I
understood him very distinctly to submit apiop-
osition to the committee, which, if the Senate
committee acceded to, was only a part of his
proposition, only a part of something else which
was kept back.
Now, in regard to the remark of the gentle-
man, that the Senate have attached matters of in-
dependent legislation to other appropriation bills:
as was remarked by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb,] the Senate have never, since 1 have
been in Congress, made a point upon the House
upon any such amendments, when we have in-
sisted upon striking them out. It is true, that
legislation outside of the legitimate sphere of ap-
propriation bills has frequently been incorporated
in such bills when no objection has been made;
but if objection has been made, the Senate have
never assumed the attitude of stopping the
wheels of Government,- unless their amendments
of this character were agreed to by the House.
1 submit, in conclusion, that if gentlemen want
to legislate for Kansas, or if they wish to usurp
the power of passing upon the validity of exist-
ing laws there, they should do it in a separate
bill, and not assume the position of striking down
| the Army, and arresting the operations of Gov-
ernment, unless their wishes are incorporated
improperly in this appropriation bill. The duty
and obligation resting upon us to make the ap-
propriations to meet current liabilities under ex-
isting laws, all admit. The Senate is willing to
discharge this duty. Let us discharge our duty
on this point on which we are all agreed, and
leave other matters to their proper course.
But, sir, I said that 1 would not detain the
IIoukg with an argument. 1 move that the House
recede from its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate, and ask the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, Mr. SIM-
MONS, and others, appealed to Mr. Stephens
to withdraw the demand. [Loud cries of " No !"
"No!"' " Do not withdraw!"]
Mr. II. MARSHALL. It seems to me, that
the committee of conference, in insisting upon
the previous question, after having themselves
spoken, assume a rather curious position.
Mr. ORR. Is debate in order? If not, I ob-
ject to it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question, inas-
much as it was withdrawn for his benefit. I wish
to make a very few remarks upon the question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not withdraw the
call.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be now put.
The question now being first upon the motion
to recede,
Mr. EDIE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
97, nays 100; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barksdale, Boll, Kendley
S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Garble, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Cox,^.
Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Denvei, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, Etheudge, Eu^us, Evans, Fauwner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Goode, Greenwood, J.
Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
ilartison, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jevvett,
George W. Jones, J. CHancy Jones, Kelly, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Ilumphrev
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, jVIcMuilm. Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson,MoidecaiOiivci,Oii, Packer,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Ricaud, Poveis,
Ruffin, Rust. Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William ft. Smith, Sneed, Stephen^,
Stewart, Swopo, Talbott, Taylor, Tybou, Underwood, Vail,
Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheelei, Whitney, Williams,
Wmslovv, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
coffer—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, BalF, Baibour, Tlrriy
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghur&t, Bingham. Bishop, :>i.
Bradshaw; Bienton, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Coliax, Com-
ma, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dick.Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbeit,
Grangei, Grow, Harlan, Iloiloway, Thomas R. Ilurtoa,
Hovvatd, HughPton, Kekey, King, Knapp, Knight. Knowl-
ton, Knox. Kunkel, Leiter,Maee, Matteson, McCarty, Kii-
lian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,Muuay, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pelton, Pennington, Pottit,
Pike, Prmgle, Ritchie, Robbms, Robeits, Robison, Sabmr
Sane, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmon*, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Wade. Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washhurne, Elhhu B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn,
Weleh, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—100.
So the House refused to recede.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BOCOCK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Kidwell, had paired off with Mr. Purviance-—
both being unwell, and unable to attend the sit-
ting of the House.
j Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had paired off
> with Mr. Brooks.
Mr. BENSON said: Mr. Speaker, I have re-
ceived a letter from my colleague, [Mr. Perry,}
desiring me to say that he had paired off with
Mr. Burnett.
Mr. BURNETT. It is true that Mr. Perry and
myself paired off on the way from here, in case
there should be an extra session—neither" of us
knowing at that time that there would be one.
On leaving Columbus, Mr. Caruthers, who had
paired off with Mr. Sherman, and was to be sub-
stituted only for some one present, gave me a
memorandum of power when I returned here-—
Mr. Sherman and myself being present—to pair
lnm off with Mr. Perry. 1 informed Mr. Ben-
son of this fact.
Mr. BENSON. I made the announcement at
the request of my colleague, supposing that the
gentleman from Kentucky would make the state-
ment to the House that he has just now made.
[Cries of " All right."]
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL stated that Mr. Valk,
who was unwell, and unable to attend, had paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Bayard Clarke, and
would probably not be present again this ses-
sion.
Mr. BRANCH stated that he had received a
letter from his colleague, Mr. Rf.adf., in which
that gentleman informs him that he has been pre-
vented by ill health from taking his seat during
the.present session.
Mr. BARCLAY stated that if he had been
present when his name was called he should
have voted '"no."
The question recurred on the motion that the
House do further adhere to its disagreement to
the Senate amendment; and being taken, it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 97; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Ilenry Bennett, Benson, Biihngliurst, Bingham, Bi>'hop,
Bhsf, Bradstiaw, Brcnton. Buffinton, Jamc^ H. Campbell,
Lewi- D. Campbell, CbatTee, E/,ra Claik, Clawson, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Ctagm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davi^,Dean, De Witt, Dick,Dickson,Dodd,Dunn. Dunce,
Edie. Edwaids, Emne, Flagicr, Galloway, GidflniL'-, Gil-
bert, Ciangor, Grow, Harlan, Hollo way, Thomas R. llonon,
Howard, Hughston, Keisey, Kmg, Knapp, Knight, Know!
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, MeCaity,
Killtan Miller, Millwaid, Morgan, Momll, Mott, Munay,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,Pelton, Pennington,Pettit,
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Aker?, Baiksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carliie, Caskie,
