THE CONGRESSIONAL <MiOBE.
June 20,
.under the impression that he had received only
-the ninety dollars,.as he alleged?
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose the Senate was
-under that impression, because there is nothing
•in the r«p.ort of the Senate committee showing
.that he had received anything at all.
Mr. TAYLOR. My impression is that the
evidence shows that the property had been sold,
(and certain portions of the proceeds paid over to
^certain parties.
Mr. iMILLSON. No, sir; in the report of
the committee of the Senate those facts are not
, stated.
Mr. TAYLOR. Not in the report, but in the
-evidence. That fact is found in the evidence,
- nd was afterwards published in the report of
•the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it seems that the whole
•thing results in this: that Mr. Miller made this
Application; that these peculiar facts about it
induced the House to reject the bill; thatJVIiller
ffcfterwards died, and that, instead of his represent-
atives coming forward ami reasserting the claim
Ajefgre the House, which theirancestor had made,
•this claim is now brought forward in the name of
aaother party, who is not a parliceps crimmis in the
matter, which was exposed by the former report.
Then, besides all that, it seems to me that this
isa cjase which,-instead of being here, ought to be
before the Court of Claims, which can direct the
-taking of testimony by one of their commission-
ers, so that all the facts may be biought before the
House. If in order, I would move that this bill
be-reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, and that the case be
referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I hope it is distinctly
understood that this is not a claim in favor of
jNoah Miller, but in favor of the boat's crew that
were with him. The object of the amendment
which has been offered.by the committee, is sim-
ply to place the division which has been made,
and is to be made, upon the law of the United
.States, which will be satisfactory to the heirs of
-Noah Miller, as well as to the heirs of the boats'
-crew.
I have already stated that there is a strong
probability, although we have not gone into the
precise figures, that the heirs of Noah Miller will
■get nothing. 1 hope the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia will not be adopted, be-
cause it leaves the whole question open to the
heirs of these different persons interested. If the
.bill is to be passed, let it pass so that the division
will be such as the law allows.
Mr. WALKER. I will make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Maine. I am inclined, after
listening to the arguments on both sides, to vote
for the original bill; but I think that there is no
justice or equity in any claim set up by Noah
Miller, or his representatives. I judge the pro-
per action is, to pass the original bill. If the com-
mittee decline to withdraw their amendment, I
shall be constrained to vote for the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.]
If that amendment should not pass, I shall then
-feel bound to vote against the bill, though 1 may
■desire to vote for it in its present shape.
Mr. KNOWLTON. With a single remark,
by way of explanation, I submit the matter to
the committee. There lias been a charge of fraud
jtgainstNooh Miller. It should be said, ill justice
to his memory, and in justice to his heirs, that
whatever arrangement was made between him
-and the collector of that district, was made after
the capture. Although Captain Miller was a brave
man,and did great service to his country, he was
not a man of legal knowledge; and the probability
is, that he did not know the law in this case. On
consultation with the collector, some arrangement
was made by which the boat's crew were thrown
out-of their rights. I make this statement in jus-
tice to the heirs of Captain Miller, and those of
the boat's crew, that whatever arrangement was
made, was made after the capture. The commis-
sion which Noah Miller held was proved to be
ante-dated.
Mr. MILLSON. That is exactly what we
have stated.
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment to the amendment of the committee;
nd it was agreed to.
Mr. KNO WLTON. If it be the unanimous
pleasure of the House, the committee would
prefer to withdraw their amendment as amended.
As.amended, it amounts to just nothing at all.
The amendment is to open the door, so that if
there be a smallamount due to Noah Miller, under
the division according to the laws of the United
States, that amount shall go to his heirs. The
amendment to the amendment kills the purpose
of the amendment. By leave of this committee,
I beg, in behalf of the committee which reported
the bill and amendment, to withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman does not per-
ceive that his argument and request are exactly in
conflict with the statements and petitions of his
own petitioners. He has,stated, and he insists,
the petitioners themselves allege, that by agree-
ment they were to share equally. That is the
foundation of their claim. Now, if they were to
share equally, they will share equally under the
provisions of the bill. If they were to share
equally, as he says, and as the petitioners say,
why does the gentleman want the distribution to
be made unequally, and according to some law of
the United States? It seems to me that the object
the gentleman has in view is secured by my
amendment; but I offer the amendment not because
I wish to strengthen his bill, for the bill will not
be acceptable to me if the amendment is adopted,
butbecause,as amatterof right and public justice,
I want to exclude the representatives of Noah
Miller from participation in anything paid under
this bill if it be passed.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I withdraw the amend-
ment if there be no objection. If I am notallowed
to withdraw it, I hope it will be voted down. Its
object was to settle the contention between the
claimants—a contention which has existed all
along. There is nothing in the amendment now.
Mr. MILLSON. If the amendment is not
adopted the representatives of Noah Miller may
come in.
Mr. WALKER.. I cannot well see on what
rule the gentleman from Virginia predicates the
conclusion ho has just announced. The original
bill, in my judgment, operates necessarily to the
exclusion of the heirs of Noah Miller. Hie ben-
eficiaries under the bill are mentioned in it. No
other persons are mentioned whatsoever. It
seems to me, that the defeat of the amendment
as amended leaves the bill in its proper shape.
Mr. MILLSON. I find that the gentleman
from Alabama is right. I supposed that the names
were not mentioned.
The question was taken, and the amendment
as amended was disagreed to.
The question was then takwi on the motion that
the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do not pass; and
on a division, there were—ayes 27, noes 44; no
quorum voting.
Mr. KNOWLTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Cumback were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers
reported—ayes 29, noes 58; no quorum voting.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS. The rule is imperative that
the roll must be called when the committee finds
itself without a quorum.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barclay, Bayly, Bell, Billing-
hurst, (iishop, Bocock, Bowie, Bradshaw, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Caiiwalader, James H. Campbell, John i'. Camp-
bell, Carlilc, Caskie, Childs, Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark,
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Cox, Cragin, Craige, Crawford,
Cullon, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Denver, De Witt, Dirk, Dickson, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Edwards, Elliott, English, Ethcndge, Eustis, Evans, Flor-
ence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Granger, Green-
wood, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Hollo-
way, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Jewett,
J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Knox, Kunkel, Lindlcy,
Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, Meaoh-
ani, KUlian Miller, MilKvard, Moore, Mott, Norton, Mor
deeai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Pearee, Peek, Pelton, Perry,
Porter, Powell, Pringle, Reade, Rivers, Roberts, Robison,
Rust, Sanilidge, Savage, Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William K. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Stranahan,'Swope, Talbott, Thorington, Trippe, Tyson,
Vail, Valk, Wade, Warner, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PURYEAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Reade, could not remain in his seat, on account
of severe indisposition,-and had requested him to
state that fact to the committee.
The committee then rose; and '
Mr. LEITER reported that the committee had
had under consideration House bill No. 305, for
the relief of West Drinkwater, and findii g itself
withouta quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
and had directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the House.
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I gave notice the
other day, that I proposed to call up for consid-
eration, on Monday next, the report of the select
committee in relation to the assault upon Senator
Summer. I have since learned that the report has
not been printed, notwithstanding it was made
more than two weeks ago. I have learned fur-
ther, that next week has been set aside for the
consideration of territorial business. I do not
wish to interfere with the business relating to the
Territories, nor do 1 wish to hurry the consider-
ation of that report improperly, certainly, not
until members have had an opportunity to exam-
ine and investigate it fully. I will, therefore, for
these reasons, postpone the consideration of that
report for one week.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the chairman
of the committee report that a quorum was pres-
ent ?
The SPEAKER. There was no quorum at
the call of the roll.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise for the
purpose of stating that I desire now, as there is
no quorum present to do business, to obtain the
unanimous consent of the House to make a few
remarks.
Mr. JONES. We had better adjourn, as there
is no House here.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the knowledge
of the chair that no quorum is present.
Mr. JONES. When the report was made,
there was not a quorum in the committee. If
there was a quorum, the Speaker must call the
chairman back.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to make an appeal to him,
to withdraw his objection ?
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. WALKER. Before that motion is put, I
would suggest to the gentleman from Maine, that
when the House meets in the morning, I have no
doubt that they will permit him to make his re-
marks.
Mr. WASHBURN. I desire to say what I
have to say, to-night, and not to consume the
time of the House to-morrow, when there will be
a quorum to do business.
The question was put on Mr. Jones's motion,
and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. As there is no quorum, I move
that there be a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN. Inasmuch as gentlemen
refuse me that courtesy which has never been de-
nied to any one, I withdaw my application.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine one question, which he can answer
or not, as he chooses. Does he desire to make a
mere personal explanation or a general speech ?
Mr. WASHBURN. In part a personal ex-
planation, but not wholly so.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at three o'clock and fifteen minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow,at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 21, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the. first business
in order was the call of committees for reports of
private bills.
