1856.
TMM 'CONGRESSIONAL CJjLOPE.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Patents a bill for
the relief of Nathaniel Hayward; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I have not
troubled the House this session up to this hour,
and I now ask the unanimous consent of the
House to make a personal explanation, based
upon the report of a speech made in this city
night before last, which affects the party to which
I belong, and which individualizes it by such
remarks as necessarily places it upon personal
grounds.
Mr. TRAFTON. I object.
Mr. COMINS I ask the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand extra copies of the reports
of the committee to which was referred the matter of the
assault by Hon. Preston S. Brooks upon Senator Sumner,
together with the journal of the committee and the testi-
mony, be printed for the use of the members of this House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business, in order to avoid objecting
individually to every proposition which gentle-
men may make.
The SPEAKER. The first business is the
call of committees for reports of private bills.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to make a
report from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is it ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee have in-
structed me to report back House bill (No. 153)
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1857. They have had under
consideration the amendments of the Senate
thereto, and recommend that the House concur
in the second amendment of the Senate, and non-
concur in the first. I ask that ^ vote be now taken
upon the report of the committee. It will only
occupy a few moments.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it lead to controversy ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Notatall. I will call the
previous question upon it.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to its consideration
at this time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would say to the gentle-
man from Virginia that these amendments were
sent down from the Senate some six weeks ago,
and it will not take more than five or ten minutes
to dispose of them. The House has been with-
out a quorum for more than two weeks, and I
hope, now that we have a quorum, that the
amendments will be disposed of.
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw my objection,
and ask that the amendment may be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask that the report of
the committee be read, and then I will move the
previous question.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was re-
ferred the amendments of the Senate to Uie bill of the House
(No. 152,) making appropriation for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year ending 30th
of June, 1857, beg leave to report:
That the House of Representatives do concur in the sec-
ond amendment of the Senate, and that the House do non-
concur in the first amendment of the Senate.
The first amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out of line 9, after the word " China," « $2,500,"
and insert, in lieu therebf, " at the rate of $5,000 per annum,
§5,000."
Mr. CARLILE. I renew my objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask whether it is not
now too late to object? We had the unanimous
consent of the House to make the report from
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
question is now upon agreeing in that report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia states that he did not withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. CARLILE. I did not withdraw it, and I
do not withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must insist on it that
the objection comes too late. Unanimous con-
sent was given to make this report. Itwas made,
and I demanded the previous question upon it.
It seems to me, therefoie, that it must now be
too late to raise the objection.
The SPEAKER. If the objection had been
withdrawn, it would be too late, but the gentle-
man from Virginia states that he did not with-
draw it.
Mr. CARLILE. I cannot resist the pressure
on all sides, and I therefore withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now call the previous
question upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do the Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
or a non-concurrence in that amendment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Non-concurrence.
Mr. MATTESON. I think there is some
mistake about this amendment. I think the
amendment increasing the salary of the interpre-
ter in China is not the first amendment. If I
mistake not, the Committee of Ways and Means
have recommended a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended non-concurrence
in that amendment, upon the ground that they
had no right to enact laws in a general appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his motion for the previous
question, to allow me the opportunity of making
a single remark.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would very willingly;
but the objection was withdrawn with the distinct
understanding that no discussion was to be had.
Mr. MARSHALL. I regard this as an im-
portant matter, and I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, whether the Committee of Ways and
Means have not recommended non-concurrence
in this amendment, upon the sole ground that it
would be introducing legislation into a general
appropriation bill >
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is not debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I answer the
gentleman in the affirmative. The committee have
made their recommendation upon that ground.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I hope the House
will concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
The other amendments of the Senate, being
merely verbal in their character, were concurred
in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the votes by which the House had passed upon
the amendments of the Senate, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, presented sundry executive communications,
sent to the Committee of Ways and Means;
which were referred to said committee, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a privilegedquestion.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I rise to a privileged
question. The Chair will decide whether it in-
volves a higher privilege than that presented by
the gentleman from New York. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar. There is, evi-
dently, a working quorum present now.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not yield the floor for the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama. I am
willing to yield to the gentleman from New York
if he has a privileged question to present. I then
desire to move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama would take precedence.
LAND OFFICE REPORT—MAPS.
Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on En-
graving, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be, and they
are hereby, authorized to cause to bo printed one thousand
copies of the maps accompanying the annual report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, for the use of the
Commissioner.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. WHITNEY. I hope I shall have the
unanimous consent of the House >to . introduce a
bill upon the subject of the difficulties in Kansas.
•That Territory is now in a state of anarchy. I
do not intend to inflict a speech upon the House;
but I hope there will be no objection to the intro-
duction of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, objected.
ANDREW H. KINCANNON.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of the estate and sureties of Andrew
H. Kincannon,late marshal of the northern dis-
trict of Mississippi.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. That is a private
bill; and as this is private bill day I do not im-
agine there will be any objection.
There was no objection ; and the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce two bills for
reference, of which previous notice has been
given.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to
every proposition out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. If we go into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, we shall
soon be left without a quorum,,and must necessa-
rily adjourn early.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. When-does the gen-
tleman propose to have private bills considered.
Several Members. Next week, when we
shall have a full working quorum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it not be
better to take from the Speaker's table and dis
pose of the bills which have been reported from
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar? Those bills have been on the
Speaker's table for more than a month; and I do
not believe that gentlemen intend we shall report
all bills from the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar before any are
finally acted on. Let us dispose of these bills
now, in one way or-the other.
The SPEAKER stated that the question would
be first taken on the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays; but
subsequently withdrew the call.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion, and it was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Leiter in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee for one hour upon Kansas affairs.
He was followed by Mr. BURLINGAME, who
spoke in defense of the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. CARLILE then made an hour's speech
upon and against the platform of the Democratic
party. He held that the contest for the Presi-
dency would be between Mr. Fillmore, standing
upon the national platform of the American party,
and Mr. Buchanan, who had been placed upon
the filibustering resolutions adopted at Cincinnati.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, next obtained
the floor, and made a speeeh upon the general
politics of the country; and urged a union on
Colonel Fremont, of all opposed to the Adminis-
tration and an extension of slavery.
The speeches will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. KEITT then obtained the floor; but yielded
it to
Mr. FLORENCE, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having'
resumed the chair, Mr. Leiter reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the Army, appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House
