1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
700
present law. The next army officers, or the next
corpsof army officers who present reports to you,
will ask that you shall take away the printing
from the Superintendent of Public Printing, ana
let them do it; and the next man who will follow
will ask that you shall take it from the public
printer and give it to him. Your system is fixed
by law. Your engraving and printing are to be
done according to the termsnowprescribed. This
proposition simply makes a change—a transfer
from the mode in which it is now done; and it is
the entering wedge of that system which will
lead finally to an obliteration of the rules which
you have laid down in your law. If you allow
them to take the superintendence ofthe engraving,
next will come a proposition to take charge of the
printing, and then your present law will be good
for nothing. It seems to me we ought to carry
out the precise meaning ofthe original order, and
I think it is to be understood as'limited by the
existing law. I can see no good reason why these
Army officers should take away from a public
officer what appropriately belongs to his position,
any more than any other officer shall takn away
what relates to other reports which may be made
hereafter. It seems to me that we ought not to
depart from the rules prescribed in the law.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This is not the first
time that an attempt has been made to override
the law. If I am not mistaken, when the annual
report of the Coast Survey was received, a resolu-
tion was offered declaring that the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey should direct the publication
of that work. The committee resolved—and they
were sustained by the Senate—that the law should
be observed against the wishes and importunities
of a distinguished gentleman on this floor. We
insisted upon the observance of the law; and, if I
am not mistaken, the resolution was modified so as
to require the work to be done m the usual mode.
What is the necessity of passing laws unless
they are to be observed? We all seem to be im-
pressed to-day with the idea that more economy,
and a more rigid adhcrencc to the law, and to our
rules on the subject of printing, is highly neces-
sary. It has been stated by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] that if the President's
message and accompanying documents had been
submitted to the revision of the Committee on
Printing, a large item of expense would have
been saved. No one can gainsay that. But those
documents were received when the Committee on
Printing had not been organized;and hence, when
they came to consider the subject, they were
obliged to make the best disposition of it that they
could, and they could not control the point to
which allusion has been made.
Here is another effort to override the law. If
it were a mere naked question outside of any law
controlling the matter, there is no officer in the
Government to whom I would more willingly
submit it than to the Secretary of War; but, sir,
we have a law upon the subject, and this should
take the same direction as all similar matters. I
am aware that this body and the other branch
of Congress can override and repeal the law to
this extent; but the safest, most uniform and
practical rule is, to observe the laws which we
pass. I see no reason why this work should be
excepted from the provisions of the general law,
and put under the control of the Secretary of
War. I believe the effect would be as the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has described;
some other officer will ask for a similar exception
in regard to his work; another will putin the same
application the day following, and everything will
finally be thrown into confusion. Although I am
not tenacious on this subject, I think the safer
plan will be to observe the law and let this work
take its usual course, and let the publication be
under the supervision of the officer designated by
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make another
suggestion on the subjcct. The amendment of the
Senator from California provides for the engrav-
ingjwhich consists simply in preparing the plate.
The printing of the copics from the plate is en-
tirely a different matter. Now, I suppose the
amount is predicated not only on the cost of pre-
paring the plate, which is the engraving, but also
on the cost of printing from that plate. There
might be a propriety m having the officers who
prepared the maps supervise the engraving proper
—that is, the preparation of the plate itself. So
far only is it necessary for them to go. That is
all that the officers of the Coast Survey do; they
prepare the plates, they do the engraving. When
they have prepared the plate and done the en-
graving proper, they send their reportto Congress.
We, at this session, have provided that when
they have done this the printing shall be done un-
der the direction of the Superintendent of Public
Printing. Why? There is a manifest propriety
in it, because otherwise there is frequently much
loss in the way of paper. These officers are not
familiar with printing. Although they may see
that the matter is properly engraved, not being
familiar with printing, they are very liable to
make mistakes when they undertake it. They
may get paper of the wrong sizes
Mr. WELLER. I propose that the officers of
the War Department shall superintend the en-
graving.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ Is the amount predi-
cated upon the engraving simply, or upon the
printing ?
Mr. WELLER. I supposed at first that it
covered the whole expense, but I perceive that it
is an estimate made for the engraving alone. As
to the cost of printing afterwards, I have no
means of information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they do nothing but
the engraving, the amendment which I propose
is manifestly proper, because the printing is to be
done afterwards, and the plates arc to be fur-
nished to the Superintendent of Public Printing
after they shall have been engraved for the pur-
pose of printing these copies. That is what I
propose to do. If such is not the proposition,
you should insert the words, ii and printing."
So far as preparing the plates is concerned, that
may be done at the War Department, and when
it has been done correctly and properly, the
plates should be furnished the Superintendent of
Public Printing in order to print the maps used
in the work.
Mr. RUSK. I see none of the difficulties which
gentlemen apprehend, and I see no reflection
whatever cast upon the Committee on Printing
or the Superintendent of Public Printing by this
amendment. There are other cases in which the
law is not followed, because it has been altered by
a special enactment. It is not necessary to enu-
merate them. It is perfectly competent for Con-
gress to make any disposition by law of any of
the public printing, notwithstanding the exist-
ence of the general law. It is only a question
of whether it ought to be done or not.
So far as the Pacific railroad surveys are con-
cerned, I venture the assertion that much useful
and practical information in relation to our own
territory, that will be of use to the country, has
been acquired by them at less cost than any other
expedition that the Government ever set on foot.
The information is very important. Great pains
have been taken at the War Department: the
best officers of the topographical corps have
been selected to execute these maps with great
accuracy, so that no mistake should occur. They
will necessarily feel a pride, as they feci a deep
responsibility, in the execution of the trust re-
posed in them by the act of Congress making the
appropriation for these surveys. Having thus
taken pains in executing the work, they desire
to have their maps engraved, which will in the first
place enable them to separate the matter and see
that it is correctly done; and, in the next place,
will do what is very important, facilitate their
delivery.
It is no reflection on the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, and no reflection whatever on the
Committee on Printing. No similar case is likely
to occur. The amendment enables the officers
of the War Department to have these maps, on
which much time and talent have been expended,
engraved correctly, so as to avoid mistakes. It
facilitates the delivery of them and the spread-
ing of this information—which, as I said before,
is very important—before the community at a
much earlier period than otherwise. No reflec-
tion is intended on anybody; and I venture to
say that even those who oppose it, supposing
there may be something wrong, will see, when
the work shall be executed, if this amendment
be adopted, that it is right it should be placed
under the charge of the War Department, for the
purpose of having it done accurately and prop-
erly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Texas
is under a misapprehension in regard to the ne-
cessity of the matter. Situated as I am on the
Committee on Printing, I do not wish to oppose
this proposition, although it is against my judg-
ment, because I ^ think gentlemen imagine evila
that will not exist. At present engraving and
printing are conducted on a system—a system
which we have adopted, which is a very good one,
and which works well. For instance: we have
provided for advertising for proposals; we put
the matter into the market, ana under very strin-
gent regulations. There is competition. I think
that, under the system which we have adopted,
the Superintendent has been very particular in
making provision for the proper execution of the
work in all cases. When we make those provis-
ions the work is always submitted to the officers
who designed it, before it is executed, so that
they may have an opportunity to examine it
minutely, to see that it is correctly done; and
they would have the same opportunity if the work
was done under the direction ofthe Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, who has charge of the
subject, as if it were under the control of the
Secretary of War. It is his business; he is
familiar with the men who do this kind of work,
with the mode of doing it, and with the mode of
making contracts for it—much more so, I will
venture to say, than the Secretary of War. The
only thingin the world which can be accomplished
by this amendmentis simply to enable those who
designed the work originally to supervise and
examine its execution, and see that it is done
correctly. They would have precisely the same
opportunity if it took the ordinary course.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator allow my
amendment to be read with his proposed amend-
ment attached to it? Let the two be read together.
The Secretary read the two amendments.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that I have
any objection to the Senator's proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am glad that the Sen-
ator has accepted it, if his provision is to be
adopted; but still my opinion is, that it had bet-
ter be left to take the course which it would take
without the amendment, because I think the work
would be done more cheaply and quite as well.
To all intents and purposes, the same supervision
would be exercised, and we should not set the
bad example of breaking in on a system which
I think has been very well matured, and which
operates well now, and throwing the contract and
work into the hands of several departments to be
done, not as they are done now, but in a different
mode.
Mr. RUSIC. That inevitably must result in
delay. A ireadv we have ordered the distribution
of these reports, and more than a year has elapsed,
and we have but one volume. I can see no reflec-
tion on the committee or the Superintendent of
Public Printing, and I do not mean to cast any
such reflection on them, but I desire that the maps
shall be placed under the charge of the Secretary
of War, in order that we may have them as early
as possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how we
shall get them any sooner by that course. I
desire to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, does not the amount reported for defi-
ciencies in printing include all the expenses of
printing these maps?
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, it includes
only the printing proper. I will read the item:
" The Pacific railroad jeportsare estimated to make six
volumes, one of which is completed and paid for. Tvvenly-
three thousand nine handled and twenty copies of eaeh
volume are ordered to be printed, the paper and printing of
which cos-t $34,101 79. K^uniaun^ the five volumes yet to
hr> printed to oost thp same per volume, the aggregate will
be $170,5U8 95."
As I understand, this covers only the printing
and paper, and not the binding or engraving.
Mr. WELLER. I was disposed to accept the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, simply
for the reason that I thought lie desired to have
the amendmentin such a shape that he could vote
for it; but I discover that he is opposed to it
throughout, and of course I never permit the ene-
mies of a proposition to dictate amendments. As
I understand, the Senator is opposed to the
proposition in any shape, of course I withdraw
my acceptance of his amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not an enemy to
the proposition in any shape, but my judgment is
