1856.
' THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Cutten, Davidson, Denver, DowdeU,
Edmundson, KHiott. Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner,
Floience, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J.
Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harri-,
Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Lake. Letcher,
kindle}, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall. Maxwell, McMuliin, Mc-
Queen. Smith Miller, Mi!lson,Morde<'aiOhver,Orr,Packer,
I'eck, Phelp>, Porter, Powell, Uuitman, Ricaud, Rivers,
Kuffin, Rust, Saudidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swopc, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Window,' Daniel B. Wnght, John V. Wright,
and Zolhcoffer—97.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was tfken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas98, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, BiHiughurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Brad^haw, Brenton, Buffinton, James II. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Coimns, Covode, Cmgm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis. Doan,Dc Witt, Lhek, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee,
Edie, Edwards, Emrie. Flagler. Galloway, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Hor-
ton, Howard, Hugiiston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowliou. Knox, Kunkcl, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, Mc-
Cain, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, MomU, Mott, Murray,
Norton. Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit,
Pike, Pnngie. Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranaban,
Tappau, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
WaKeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Oadwalader C. Wash-
burisc, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—98.
AYS—Messrs*. Aiken, Akers, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S, Bennett, liocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwaiader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie,
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craigc, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Denver, DowdeU, Edmundson, Elliott, Ethendge, Eu=tis,
Faulkner. Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood. J. Morrison Harm. Sampson W. Harris,Thomas L.
Ham-, Harrison, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jone^ J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Lake, Letcher,
Lmdlcv, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMuliin, Mc-
(lueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Phelps. Porter, Powell, Quitman, Ricaud,
River?, Uuffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Williams,
Win-low, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolti-
coffer—94.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that his col-
league, Mr. English, was detained at home by
reason of severe sickness in his family.
HEIHS OF GENERAL ST. CLAIR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The House knows
that for the last five months my whole time has
been devoted to the public business. Since the
opening of this Congress X have not asked the
House to pass a single private bill. Therefore I
trust that there will be no objection to what 1 am
now about to ask. There is on the Private Cal-
endar a bill for the relief of some very meritorious
constituents of mine. It has passed the Senate.
It is for the relief of the heirs of Major General
Arthur St. Clair. I ask that that bill be brought
before the House, and put on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. The Army appropriation
bill is more important than ali others, and I
object.
Air. CAMPBELL. I desire to state to the
gentleman from Virginia, that Major General
Arthur St. Clair was a distinguished officer of
the Revolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
Mr. BILL1NGHURST. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
DELAY IN THE FOLDING ROOM.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope the gentleman will
■withdraw his motion until I can submit a report
from the Committee on Printing on a matter re-
ferred to that committee yesterday.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
Mr. NICHOLS. Yesterday the House re-
ferred to the Committee oiPPrinting a resolution
to inquire into the cause of the delay in envelop-
ing and folding documents in the folding room of
the House, and to report by resolution or other-
wise. The committee have accordingly investi-
gated the matter and ascertained that the cause
of the delay was the exhaustion of the wrapping-
paper, and that the Committee on Accounts have
taken action to remedy the evil. 1 am therefore
directed to report back the resolution, and move
that it be laid upon the table, turther action on
the part of the committee being deemed unneces-
sary.
The resolution was laid on the table.
ERROR IN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to move
the passage of a bill from the Senate, which cor-
rects an error made in the enrollment of a bill
passed at the last session. Two paragraphs,
which had been agreed to by both Houses, were
inadvertently omitted; and 1 hope there will be
no objection to correcting the mistake. The
House has already agreed to the passage of
private bills which were lost amid the confusion
of the last hours of the last session. The mis-
take in the bill may be ascribed to the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, and unless it be now corrected
the committee may be unjustly reflected on.
The House knows that the Committee on En-
rolled Bills have done all they could to perfect their
bills, and I hope gentlemen will not object, task
that the bill may be reported.
The bill, which was read, after reciting that
two several clauses—one making an appropria-
tion of $86,000 for completing the marine hospital
at Cincinnati, and another making an appropria-
tion of $13,401 30 for improving the battery,
Washington street, and the road-way around the
■custom-house at San Francisco—were omitted in
the enrollment of the bill making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government, for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, appro-
priates the sums above mentioned for I he purposes
aforesaid.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to taking up that
bill, and I move that the House take a recess until
two o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I want to make one remark.
I again appeal to members of the House, and I
hope they will bear with me, while I ask them to
reflect for a moment upon the diligence used by
the members of that committee. They know that,
within the last eight hours of the session forty
bills were passed. They know that within that
time also, the subject of the disagreement of the
two Houses was brought up, and within that
time ail these bills had to be examined and re-
ported by the committee. The bill was passed
with those two items in it; but by mistake, in the
hurry and confusion of the moment, they were
omitted in the enrollment of the bill. Now, I
appeal to my friend from Pennsylvania, and to
every gentleman in the House, to allow the bill
to correct the mistake, to be taken up and
passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say to my colleague [Mr. Hickman] that I
was the chairman of the committee of conference
on that bill, and that we did report to agree to
those two amendments of the Senate, but they
were omitted in the enrollment in the liurry of the
moment, it is clearly a clerical mistake, and I
hope my colleague will withdiavv his objection,
and allow the bill to correct the error to pass.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. EUSTIS. I renew the objection,
Mr. DAVIDSON. I would say to the gentle-
man from Louisiana that, by that objection, he
indorses a reflection upon my diligence, and I
know he does not desire to do that. I hope he
will withdraw it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would say to the
gentleman from Louisiana that it was a part of
the contract between the two Houses, that those
items should pass; and good faith requires that
we should pass the bill as it was agreed upon by
the comnuttee of conference to the two Houses.
Mr. EUSTIS. I do not understand the science
of these agreements of the two Houses, as I have
seen them carried out in several instances here.
I do not desire to commit a breach of good faith,
or take any advantage at all; but until this Army-
bill is passed—and this House is bound to pass
it—I shall ofejec#
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a point of order. The objection of the gentleman
from Louisiana came too late. The only gentle-
man who objected was my colleague, [Mr. Hick-
man.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana objected in time.
Mr. EUSTIS. Representations which havo
been made to me by friCTids upon all sides induce
me to wislidraWmy objection.
No further objection being made, the bill was
ordered to be read a third time; and having been
read a third time, it was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now move that the House
take a recess until one o'clock.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that -the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was put upon Mr. Hickman's
motion; nnd it was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at twelve o'clock, m )
took a reef'ss until one o clock.
The House reassembled at one o'clock, in pur-
suance of its previous order.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill and resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 463) to supply an omission in
the enrollment of a certain bill; and
A resolution (S. R. No. 22) authorizing the
purchase and restoration to the British Govern-
ment of the ship Resolute, late of the British
Navy.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcrv Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No.
465) fixing the times of holding, in the State of
Delaware, the election of a Representative in the
Congress of the United States; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table the bill just sent from the Senate, in order
that it may be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to taking it up.
Mr. "WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. 1 move that
the House take a recess until half past two.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to it; and ask that
the House proceed to the ordinary business of
Congress.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order;
objection being made.
Mr. "YVASHBURNE. Then I move that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Mon-
! j dav next.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 26, nays 147; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Barclay, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Ezra Clark, Colfax, Cragin. Henry Winter Davis, Denver,
Durfee, Howard, Alexander K. Marshall, MiUwurd, Mor-
gan, Pennington, Ritchie, !?ava«e, Sherman, Spumer, Stan-
ton, Tappan, Thorington, Waldron, EUihu B. Washburue,
"Welch, and Wood—26.
nays —Messrs. Aiken, Akf«, Albright, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barksdale, Ilenrv Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, Boeock, Boyce, Bradsliaw, Branch, Brenton, Broom,
Buffinton, Cadwalauci, James II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Chaffee, Claw-
son,' Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Comins, Covode, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dickson,
Dodd.Dowdell, Dunn, Edie, Edmundson, Edwards,Emrie,
Ethcrtdfe, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas 1,.
D. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert. Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow. Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas I,. Harris, Har-
rison,' Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas it. Horton,
Hou-ton, Hughston, Jewett, George. \V. Jones, Kelley,
