1856.]  
34th Con©.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THIS QOHGRESSIQNAI^ GLOB&.
Admission of Kansas-*—Mr. Bennett, of New York.
m
Ho. of Reps.
more than double the representation of every free
Three congressional districts in New York
contain a larger free white population than the
State of South Carolina. Yet this is the State
that is going to force slavery into Kansas—the
one that has so often complained of the hardships
of remaining one of the United States, and threat-
ened disunion!
With over 110,000 more slaves than white in-
habitants, to be held in subjection, what a formi-
dable force South Carolina could command to
destroy the Union ! Only think, what a regiment
she could muster! and think, too, what deep cause
she has for revolution! -Wore than twice the rep-
resentation according to numbers ! and therefore more
than twice the political power in proportion, allowed
to any free Slate in the Union! And all the" mor-
al power" of the " national institution" beside!
This may be the reason why South Carolina
had no less than three prominent candidates for
Speaker in the present House! There was none
from New Hampshire or Vermont! Jiiul this
unequal representation South Carolina would retain,
if twenty free States were admitted. Why, then,
should she object? Florida has 47,203 white in-
habitants; Delaware 71,169; both together have
about the same population as the St. Lawrence
and Herkimer congressional district in New
York, formerly represented by Preston King; yet
these two slave States have six electoral votes;
this district has but one. South Carolina has a
less white population than a single congressional
district in Iowa! yet it has eight electoral votes.
Politically, slavery is the greatest of all insti-
tutions—a foe to capital, energy, enterprise, and
improvement. The very soil loses half its value,
where slavery desecrates it. Yet slavery is the
great political institution of this country. Politi-
cians and office seekers—from presidential aspi-
rants, who promulgate their devotion from high
places, down to the lowest menial in or about the
public offices—are swift to do it reverence, eager
rivals to be foremost in aiding its further extension
and more permanent ascendency. They vie with
each other as to who shall be its most rampant
and rabid advocate, and stoop the lowest to
propitiate its favor. And this will continue, so
long as devotion to slavery is the only passport to
office. On this single ground stood all the rival
candidates for the nomination at Cincinnati.
Upon this, each relied for success. To them
their subserviency to slavery was more important
than ability, honesty, or integrity. An avowed
determination to extend slavery was the all-im-
portant qualification. All stood on this platform,
but most preeminently the nominee of the mis-
called Democracy, now having but one policy,
and one principle—the extension of hvmanbondage.
v. representation upon slave property.
Unwisely the framers of the Constitution
allowed a representation upon property in one
instance—a thing plainly wrong in principle in
a republican and representative Government; and
unfortunately allowed it upon that kind of prop-
erty upon which, of all others, no representation
should have been given. It was upon slave. The
basis of representation, as adopted, allowed three
fifths of all-slaves to be counted; and gave this
unequal and, therefore, unfair and unjust, repre-
sentation in favor of the owners of that species
of property over all others. True, this was done
by northern as well as southern votes. But it
should be borne in mind that slavery then existed
in every State in the Union—that we had become
deeply involved in debt by the war of the Revo-
lution, and direct taxes were'apportioned in the
same manner. If some States had more slaves
than others, and, therefore, this provision might
be in some small degree unequal, it was thought
the burden imposed with it, as to the payment of
taxes, would be a fair equivalent for the advantage
it might confer. And besides the slave trade was
prohibited after 1808, and slavery was expected
soon to be an institution numbered with the things
of the past. At that time this representation was
really of little moment, and did not probably give
to any State a single member on slave property
alone.
The Government was inaugurated with a policy
wholly opposed to the exteniion tf slavery, ana,
looking confidently to its speedyextinction. The
ordinance prohibiting slavery was applied to all
our Territories by almost unanimous consent.
Slavery was thus confined to the States where it
existed, and its stream cut off at the fountain-
head by the abolition of the slave trade.
But soon after our Government went into ope-
| ration, it was discovered that slave representa-
I tion had an. unexpected and magic effect. It
j brought into solid column, united and bound to-
j gether, all who came from States in which slavery
existed, to such an extent as to render it of any
real consequence as a properly interest and a po-
litical element.
| Thus united they became more and more con-
I trolling. They swayed the policy and decided
the measures of the Government. They used
the power obtained to extend the institution, and
thus increase their sectional strength and politi-
cal influence. Hence the southern policy of ex-
pansion and dispersion, of which this country
furnishes the most remarkable example to be
found in the history of the world. This led to
the purchase of Louisiana as early as 1803, and
has since been followed by the purchase of Flor-
ida, the acquisition of New Mexico, and the an-
nexation of Texas. That slave republic (almost
as large as all the free States) was annexed to
extend the "area of freedom !
This policy of the extension of slavery, and
its dispersion as far and wide as possible, to
strengthen and secure the political ascendency of
slaveowners, has led to all the outrages in rela-
tion to the free Territory of Kansas, from the act
of Congress to the acts of the border ruffians
in Kansas—the butchery of its people, and the
destruction of Lawrence, and to the outrages of
slaveowners here at the Capitol—all having a
common object—to force the extension of slavery
for political purposes. To this policy we owe all
the evils of the present alarming state of affairs
throughout the land. From it every slavery agi-
tation has arisen. These have always occurred
when this policy has been checked or opposed by j
the free States. And this policy has been steadily
pursued under every possible and contradictory
pretense, and owes its origin, and thus far its
success, to the fact that slavery is made a politi-
cal element by allowing a representation upon
slave property, and the free States have never
before been unitedly opposed to it.
vi. effect of the extension of slavery.
It has placed the power of the Government in
the hands of slaveholders. They hold it now,
and have almost entirely for the last sixty years.
Mr. Clay admitted in 1850, that the policy and
measures of the Government had been controlled
for the last fifty years by " the preponderating
influence of southern councils," and he enumer-
ated the leading measures enacted and defeated
by " southern councils." Sometimes being for,
and then against, the same measure, and always
successful—indeed, almost from the formation of
the Government, the slaveholding States have
shaped its policy, and controlled its action. No
measure of any political importance, prejudicial to
-the aims and interests of slavery, has ever been
passed. For the last fifty years, the free States,
so far as the General Government is concerned,
might about as well have been governed without
any voice in the elections, or any representation
in Congress. The measures adopted have been
dictated by slaveholders, and their real policy has
been — and it is now openly avowed — the exten-
sion of slavery. That has now become the only
real politics of this country. There is not an
aristocracy in any Government of Europe that
holds the power in it that the slaveholders have j
held, and nowhold, in this free Democratic repre- :
sentative Republic. This is not a matter of j
theory; it is the undisputed truth of history, !
demonstrated by an experience of sixty years, i
It is not the result of accident, but of a settled J
system, the natural effect of an adequate cause.
With thirty Senators and ninety Representatives,
personally and politically bound to the support of
slavery, and without any property representation
or union of interests at the North, this result was
inevitable.
The slave States, with less than half the popu-
lation of the free States, have extended slavery
more than twice as far as the free States have
" enlarged the area of freedom"—that is, in the
proportion of five to one. Nine new slave States
nave been added. To extend the free States in
the same proportion they should have added
eighteen free States. They have only added sir,
and these much smaller in extent. The slave
States have added eighteen Senators. The free
States should, in proportion, have added thirty-
six. They have only ad ded twelve, (and fou r more
gained by dividing old States.) The slave States
have added forty-eight members in this House—
the free States in proportion should have added
ninety-six. They have only added forty-nine,
(and nine more by the division of old States.)
Were Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, New Mexico,
Minnesota, Oregon, and Washington, all ad-
mitted as free States, the free States would not
then be equal in extent of territory or number of
Representatives with the slave States, in propor-
tion to population. The admission of free States
would only lessen, not remove, the inequality
between the free and slave States, leaving still
this unequal representation in favor of the slave
States, to the full extent of all their slave prop-
erty. Can they ask for more than that ?
vii. the slave power.
It is supposed by many that this privileged class
—this aristocracy, in fact, established upon human
bondage—embraces the great mass of the people
of the southern States. This is not so. It is the
slave-owners alone—and these form only a small
portion of the people of the slave States. The fol-
lowing statement, taken from the census of 1850,
will show the number of slaveowners in the slave
States:
States. Slaveholder*
in each.
Alabama 29,295
Arkansas 5,999
Delaware  809
Florida 3,520
Georgia 38,456
Kentucky 38,385
Louisiana 20,670
Maryland   16,040
Mississippi 23,116
Missouri   19,185
North Carolina 281303
South Carolina  25,596
Tennessee 33,864
Texas  7,747
Virginia 55,063
Total 346,047
Thus it will be seen that the number of slave-
owners, including men, women, and children, is
only about three hundred and forty-six thousand.
Ana the free white population over six millions,
in the slave States. Or only about one in twenty
of the white population in the slave States are
slaveowners. Yet this small number, by a union
of interest, and by the political importance given
to slavery—rule these States absolutely and des-
j potically —the great majority of the people—
I a majority of nearly twenty to one—are never
1 heard of, and have no more power in those States,
politically, than the slaves its aristocratic rulers
own! This is truly astonishing! But the con-
dition of the General Government is more so.
The free population of the Union is about twenty
millions. The slaveowners now number some
three hundred and forty-six thousand. For the
past sixty years their numbers would average
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thou-
sand. Yet the General Government is in their
hands, and has been for the past fifty years, when
the majority against them in the Union is as
sixty to one; still they hold the power; and the
Government is directed and controlled by them,
and has been almost ever since it has been in
operation. And during All that time more than
one half of all the important offices of the Gov-
ernment—and I believe nearly two thirds of those
offices—have been filled by slaveholders, to the
exclusion of the great mass of the people of the
United States!
Slaveholders have political advantages denied,
to all other men ! A man who owns two thou-
sand slaves has the same political power, on his
slave property, as twelve hundred inhabitants of
the free States. His power is larger than that
of all the voters in a town of ordinary size-
almost equal to that of all the electors in some
