m
APPtJtoiXL to mm®,
[Jiine 90,
34nt CtfN<*....lsT Sess.
AdtnisHofi of Kaftstis—Mr. BitiMtt, of Nits York.
Ho. (sr Rim.
fcuntiM in the frttS HS MM, besMfei,
individually, the same political powfer aS the rich-
est mart in a free State. Thi* additionali right-
twelve hundred strong—issolely m consideration
of his owning two thousand slaves *S property!
Yet men in the free States holding property of a
Value equal to his, or fair exceeding it, hare no
political advantage frOirt it, let their property be
■^hat it may. Thert is no property hsuf Any
political poorer but slave property, And that, ;
(estimated at ffl ,800,606,000,) scattered oVer more
man two thirds of the territory of the Unioh,
controlling half the States, combined in a single
interest, and made «i political element, controls
this Government. Slavery is polittcUi; And poli-
ticians are its arrogant cnampions. There can
be no end of Slavery aggression and slavery Agi- !
tfttion, until you disconnect slavery And pontics;
Until it is settled—and definitely settled—that
slavery cannot be extended for political purposes.
Until that is done, therti Can be no and no
end of agitation.
nit. fHt ADMINISTRATION AND SLAVERY.
The political power of slavery has been strik-
ingly illustrated by the present Administration.
The President came into office by the largest
popular vote ever given, with a sVrong majority
m both branches of Cohgtfess, aft deeply plfedged
■gainst all farther slavery agitation, lit any form,
in or out of Congress. This was the corner-stone
«f their party creed. Yet, almost at Soon as they
had taken their oath* of Office, the slave power
demanded the free Territory of Kansas, and re-
opented and renewed the slavery agitation in Con-
gress and out of it, to accomplish its object, by
repealing the prohibition against slavery north of
the Missouri compromise line. Slavery demanded
this Wrong to be done; and to do it, the whole
power of the President and his party was put into
requisition. The faith of the nation that had
plraged it to freedom- in 1820, the pledges of the
party made in 18S2, the oft-repeited pledges of
the President, and almost every member of his
party in Congress against agitation, were all
disregarded!—ali vmtated f It became the great
measure of the Administration. Slavery required
it; and what to slavery was national faith, or
party pledges,'or individual integrity ? Alt other
considerations must yield. The supremacy of
slavery—its political supremdey—m\is\ be secured!
and the deed was done—Kansas wai opened to
slavery !
_ Slavery was strongenough to compel a northern
President to violate his repeated pledges, and labor
to introduce slavery into free territory. A thing
that Henry Clay, although a southern mair,
spurned .the mere imputation of hi words of
burning eloquence.
 I never can—I never will volte, atid no eartMy power
Will ever compel me to vote to spread slavery over territory
where it does not exist." (Henry Clay in lSJO1, iti the XJ. S.
Senate.)
Behold how the pledge# agahwSt agitation Wei%
Redeemed! By passing a laW in Congress to
spread slavery over territory inhere it did not
exist, (upon the same principle it caA be forced
into a free- State,) where the qUestiort of slavery
Was at rest, and where it was "prohibited forever.
The ntost atrocious measure ever attempted for
the extension of slavery—-4 measure that has
£*us6d a greater aghatiort, and made a deeper
impression on the pi&Wic mind, against slavery,
than aH its previous aggressions f
The President al&o predfeed himself t6 protect
ted sacredly to maintaJn the individual right of
tvety citiz'ert, " at hoihe and abroad; trptirt eVery
s«a and on every Soil."
In the best days of Rome, the claim tb be a
Roman citizen was ajirOtection in fkr-off and
foreign tends-, and it is the proudest boa'St of
England, that her Government protects eVery
citizen under it with jealouB care. A Wtang
done to arty one of her peopfe is regarded as a
national wrong and as such redressed.
The Secretary of State made a strong ease, on
paper, for interfering with a foreign Government
in the case of Martin Kbszta, who had merely
declared his intention to become an American
citizen. All that was well. It gratified national
pride. But how has the President maintained
the rights of the people Of Kansas—American
citizens, hwe at home, on dot own soil^ residing
in a Territory of the United States, governed by
its Mws, and directly under the care of the Presi-
dent, whose officers are appointed and rerfto+ed
by him, and accountable to niiifi ? Hate they been
Srotected in their property, or in their persons ?
lany months ago, Colman, a pro-shivery man,
shot Dow in the highway—a wanton and urtpro-
Voked murder. But the officials of the President
have taken no notice of it to this day. After this,
Barbour, a settler in Kansas, Was shot, When
riding home, by Clark, a pro-slavery man, then
and now holding the office of Indian agent under
the President. No proceedings were ever takert
against him. The judges, and marshals, and
attorney, appointed by the President, Were all
silent and approving. How Wetfe their rights
protected? How Were the rights of the generous-
hearted Brown protected ? He Was assaulted by
a mob, and most inhumanly riiangled and muti-
lated , and left to die, and only 64rried, bleeding,
to%is home, irt time for his Wife and his chil-
dren to behold him empire! Thai ibife is note
insane!
These arfe some of the tritfmphs of border rtff-
fianism in Kansas—fearful evidences, airtong the
living and the dead, of the liW and Order pftrty in
Kansas—of the protection of the President—of that
party the Prersidertt sruStaini by a standing atmy
—the last resort of every despotism on earth.
These arid kindred deeds are openly perpetrated,
And almost openly defended, clearly connived at
and encouraged! For in no instance has any
man been proseduted foi1 these crimes, or evert
censured by the President! In no instance has
even the leader of a mob been arrested; no mur-
derer is brought to justice; no crime is prevented
or punished. This is the protection Afforded to
our fellow-citizens in Kansas. To protect thefn,
no arm is raised—no orders given. But to op-
press thein, to dragoon them into submission to
slavery, the troops of the United States are sent
forth by order of the President, and treacherously
treed tb protect murderers arid butcher peaceable
citizens. What now is the condition of Kansas
lender the President's protection ? Let the blood
of the murdered Victims of tyranny and oppres-
sion bear Witness! No free-State man is pro-
tected inhis rights'; no property is safe; no man's
life secure.
In none of the President's messages, regular or
irregular, annustl or Specml, (put forth to forestall
publie opinion and aid his re norm tuition,)- has
any allusion been made to the monstrous outrages
ana cruel mUftters committed in Kansas, although
matters of public notoriety. But he covertly re-
proached the free States for allowing emigration
to Kansas, and palliates ill the cruelties and
crimes the advocates of slavery eXtensiort have
perpetrated—and most justly is" he responsible
for all the fearful consequences. But ir a slave
escapes into Masi&fchusetts—if, driVeh to desper-
ation, any Settler from a free State is evert charged
With* a violation of the infamousflaws of the Ter-
ritory, a military force is put into requisition, and
protection is offered or punishment inflicted.
Then the laws are executed With a vengeance;
even the meeting Of a convention to adopt a free
constitution, and ask admission as a State,is held
by the pro-slavery judges appointed for Kansas
by the President to be a criminal offense; and
criminal prosecutions before these judges, under
official instructions, as it is said, are vigorously
prosecuted. .Biit as to robbery and murder committed
to aid in establishing slavery in Kansas, against
tliese there id ilo law, and for these crimes there
is no punishment!
The blood of the murdered freemen that has
Stained the soil of Kansas will rise up to heaven
bearing its witness against slavery. It has already
spoken to the hea"rt of every freeman in the lKnd,
and rendered the establishment of slavery in
Kansas impossible. " They never fail Who die
in a great cause." And by the changeless law of
eternal justice, crimes like these are never per-
mitted to pass unpunished.
IX. POLITICAL POWER OP SLAVZRT.
Every department of the Government—except,
thank God f the' House of Representatives—is in
the hands of the slave power. Some three hun-
dred and forty-six thousand slave-owners control
atad rate twenty rtiflions tt people. That itf im
power that rules, and has for sixty years ruled,
the American Republic.
1. y?s to the President.—Did he not bow down
on his knees before it, in the most humiliating
position ? To please this power, that makes and
Unmakes Presidents, did he not violate the pledges
he made to the American people ? Was he not
alike false to truth and to freedom ? Has he not
permitted every crime and cruelty to pass unpun-
ished and unquestioned in Kansas f Nay, has
he notaided and abetted their perpetration ? And,
as the last croWning act of all this submission to
Slavery, has he not been the means of the de-
struction of Lawrence? And, when a universal
butchery Was expected, did he not look coldly
on, and refuse to raiSe his hand to save them?
His narne Will be remembered in history, here-
after, only because attached to it there will be i
wide inheritance of infamy. And, for all this,
What was his reward ? To be flung aside as a
tiSelfeSs thing, because he had served slavery with
Such a despbrafe, calculating zeal, as to meet the
condemnation Of all honest men. He could serve
the slaveowners no more. The American people
Would never reflect so Servile a tool of the bar-
barian element of the Government. He was
thrown aside for another, promising eqUal ser-
vility, and who had not as yet become equally
odious, but who promised, most faithfully, to
follow in his footsteps—perhaps to go beyond
them!
2. Jls to the Senate.—There the rule of slavery
has long been absolute. It only registers the
edicts of slave-owners! It only represents that in-
terest and that institution! The free States, with
13,000,000 of people, have thirty Senators; many
of them, from ptrsdnal or political motives, the firm
allies of slavery. Nearly every northern pro-
slavery Senator is a presidential aspirant! The
slave States, with 6,000,000, have also thirty
Senators, unitedly representing one single pecu-
niary and political irtterest, sleepless and untiring
in its support. Look at this!
Volet of eleven slaveholding States at the election of 1852.
toAen Mr. Pierce wot chosen, at contrasted with the vote of
New York:
7. Texas 18,547
8. Alabama. 41,919
9. Louisiana 35,903
10. Mississippi 44,424
11. Virginia. 129,545
1. Arkansa* 19,577
9. Delaware 12,673
3. Florida 7,195
4. Geomia 51,305
5. Maryland 75,153
6. North Carolina... .78,861
Aggregate vote of eleven States..   515,199
Vote of New York 522,294
Being 7,135 votes more than all the others.
These eleven States, (Virginia included,) that
five, in 1852, a less vote than New York for
resident, have twenty-two Senators; New York
has only two!
The whole object of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
and all the wrongs committed under it, wa3 to
increase this unequal preportd'erence of the slave
power in the Senate, and to add also to its controll-
ing influence in the House!
The same eleven slave States have 57 Representatives.
New York has    33 " "
Difference In favor ot slavery 64 " "
Pair and equal representation lies at the very
foundation of a Republican Government; and
every departure from it is a step towards despot-
ism. Here it creates a reed aristocracy—a priv-
ileged class, that rules over a free people.
The Seriate is part of the appointing pOWef.
This ordeal no man can pass, rtO matter how
pure, HoneSt, faithful, and competent, if he ii
opposed to the extension of slavery. If he is
Unsound upbn the nationality of slavery—nay,
if only suspected of having a sfeitMud preference
torfrecdo/M, his fate rS sealed.
The President nominates, and the Senate ap-
points, the judges of the supreme, circuit, and
district'cotonS'—theWhole Federal judiciary—and
almost all the other officers of the General Gov-
ernment, except members of Congress. This
immense patronage and power of appointment
by the President and the Senate, is a tower of
Strength to slavery, and an unfailing political
guillotine to all who Oppose it.
The President aVid Senate, also,have the treaty-
making power, under which it is now claimed
that Cum, or any other slava territory, can be
pttfcWWdi «t toy pricey*nd with tc irtSfHUafitt* to
