1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
of the committee together; and in consequence of
the illness of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. De Witt,] and in consequence of the con-
templated absence of others, we shall be likely to
have difficulty in getting a quorum together.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
it can hardly be said that vacancies have occur-
red in the Committee of Ways and Means until
the gentlemen referred to by the gentleman from
Missouri shall have accepted the appointment
upon the select committee and entered upon the
discharge of their duties.
Mr. HOUSTON. Even if vacancies have oc-
curred, there can be no such thing as temporary
appointments. 1 oppose any temporary appoint-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KIDWELL, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
supplementary to an act entitled " An act in ad- i
tlition to certain acts granting bounty land to cer-
tain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States," ap-
proved March 3, 1855; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CARLILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill " for the relief of the heirs-at-law of
Captain George Jacksonwhich was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Wisconsin. I ask the
consent of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask if the regular order of
business is not to call the States for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order of
business. The gentlemanfrom Wisconsin,how-
ever, asks the unanimous consent of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of
the petition ofCotonel John Shaw, together with theaccom-
panj mg papers.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received and adopted.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported back a memorial relating to lighting
and grading East Capitol street, which had been
improperly referred to that committee; and, on
his motion, it was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] will not press his motion
to reconsider at this time.
Mr. MILLSON. These resolutions can be in-
troduced after I have occupied the time which I
desire in reference to the motion to reconsider.
As I have been detained already for several
weeks, at considerable inconvenience, I hope the
House will allow me to first submit my remarks.
I now call for the regular order of business.
CAPTAIN MARCY'S REPORT.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Brooks] has moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the following
resolution:
Revolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to cause to'be printed for the use of, and distribution by,
members of this House, ten thousand extra copies of the
report and accompanying maps made by Captain It. B.
Marey, United States Navy, of an exploration of the Bu 
VVachita river, and the country about the head-waters of
the Brazos, made in connection with the selection and
location of lands for the occupation of the Indians living
within the limits of Texas, in 1854.
Mr. LANE. I will be much obliged to the
gentleman from Virginia, if he will permit me to
introduce a joint resolution for reference only.
Mr. MILLSON. The loss of a single hour
three weeks ago, has kept me during that whole
time.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the rules
will be suspended, that the resolution may be }
introduced and passed. The work proposed to i
be printed for the use of the House does not con- j
tain more than fifty pages; and it concerns an !
exploration of a section of country to which the j
Secretary of War gives preference for the pur- j
poses of a railroad to the Pacific. The work is a >,
very small one. I hope there will be no objection
to the resolution.
The rules were then suspended, and the reso-
lution was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
ACTION OF THE NAVAL BOARD.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I call up the motion to reconsider, submit-
ted by me some time since.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia calls up the motion to reconsider the refer-
ence of resolutions of that State, disapproving
the action of the late naval board.
Mr. PHELPS. I wished to introduce some
bills, of which previous notice has been given, for
reference; they would give rise to no debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to intro-
duce a resolution for reference.
Mr. MILLSON. I must decline yielding.
Mr. M. then addressed the House for one hour
upon the action of the naval board. His speech
is withheld for revision, and will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to submit some re-
marks in answer to the speech made by my col-
league, [Mr. Millson;] and I am ready to proceed
now, so far as the general principles discussed by
my colleague are concerned. There were, how-
ever, some few statements of facts, made by him
in the latter portion of his speech, which 1 wish
to have an opportunity of examining; and, as
this is the day for suspension of the rules, and as
gentlemen are perhaps anxious to introduce propo-
sitions which they cannot do at any other time,
I propose to let this discussion go over, and come i
up to-morrow morning, or some other morning
at an early day; when I will ask to submit my
views to the consideration of the House. If that
proposition meets the unanimous consent of the
House, I will now yield the floor.
General assent was expressed.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask leave to submit
a resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would inquire
from the Chair if this is resolution day ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. Well, I have none to offer my-
self, but I would suggest to gentlemen who have,
that if they would only permit the Speaker to call
the States for resolutions, a great many more of
them would get their resolutions before the House
than can by asking unanimous consent, and then,
on objection being made, moving suspension of
the rules.
The Clerk reported the resolution offered by
Mr. Zollicoffer, as follows:
•loint resolution for supplying mw td:■"rtil;--rs of tile Sen-
ate and House of Representatives wiiii Mich book-* of a
public character as have been Uerctofme supplied.
Mr. JONES. I shall be constrained to object.
The SPEAKER. The first business m order
is the call of the States for resolutions.
Mr. JONES. I desire to make this statement.
I am satisfied that a resolution of that character
will get in some time during this session; and if
gentlemen will say that, on the passage of the
resolution, they will give us the yeas and nays, I
will interpose no objection.
Several Members. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Then I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the introduction
of the resolution, unless it can be so modified as
to interpose a committee between the members
and those who generally purchase the books. I
desire, if the books are to be supplied, that a
committee supply them.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask that my resolu-
tion be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of
the House of Representatives be authorized and dueeted
to furnish to such of the members and delegates ol their
respective Houses, in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, as have
not heretofore received the same, such numbers and edi-
tions of such books, of a public character, as were furnished
to the new Members and Deleaates of their respective
Houses in the last Congress: Provided, They be furnished at
prices not exceeding those for which they were heretofore
supplied to such Members and Delegates.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama objects, except under a certain condition.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That resolution is, in
substance, precisely such a resolution as has
been pq*sed at former Congresses. I move a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a substi-
tute.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will interpose no objection
if the gentleman from Tennessee will modify his
resolution so as to allow a committee to procure
these books. I have always voted against thp
distribution of books, and I intend to do so oh
this occasion. But that is not the point presented.
We have all heard the prejudicial criticisms of
every character and hue reflecting on members
of Congress and officers of the House, in connec-
tion with the purchase of books. Let a commit-
tee of thisbody purchase and distribute the books,
if the thing has to be done; and in that way we
close the door against such things—we then leave
no room for suspicion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Alabama knows of anything corrupt on the
part of members of Congress, it is his duty to
make it known.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is all talk. The gentle-
man from Ohio knows that I made no such charge
or intimation, and it is nonsense to try to connect
me with a charge against members of Congress.
I have made none, and I have intimated none.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thegentleman's proposi-
tion changes the rule which has been uniform upon
this subject. The gentleman knows very well
that at the last Congress just such a resolution was
passed, when the gentleman's Clerk of the House
was in power.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be a good reason
why I should now object to it—I know nothing
against what has been done by our officers, but!
think it wise to put this matter into the hands of a.
committee of this body.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is an imputation upop
the Clerk of this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not an imputation upon
the Clerk, and was not so intended. I deny that
it is an imputation. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will send to
the Clerk's desk, and have read, an amendment
which 1 desire to offer as a second section, which
will remove all chance for speculation upon the
part of those who furnish the books. It will be
infinitely bettor for the members for whom the
resolution is designed, and will be the same to
the Government. I hope my colleague will ac-
cept it as a modification to his resolution. I will
make this further remark, that many of tliebooks
proposed by this resolution to be distributed
have long been out of print. They have been
repurchased by former Congresses; and it is
doubtful whether they could be purchased in suf-
ficient quantities to furnish all the new members
of this Congress.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Ssc 2. be it further cnacted, That any member pre-
ferring to have the money instead of the books herein pro-
vided tor, or any portion theieof, may, at his election, re-
ceive in lieu thereof the money at the publisher's prices ;
and Ins receipt for the same shall be a good voucher in the
settlement of accounts by the Secretary of the Senate or
the Clerk of the Ilou^e of Representatives.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not accept the
amendment. I am utterly opposed to the prop-
osition it contains.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me make a suggestion,
and I do it in good faith, for I do not want to.be
placed m a false position in relation to this matter.
I would suggest that members be allowed '0Pur*
chase their own books, instead of having the Clerk
purchase them.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not accept the
modification. I prefer the resolution in the form
in which I have offered it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send up to the Clerk's
desk a proposition, which I propose to offer as a
substitute for the resolution of the gentleman from
Tennessee. I ask that it may be read for inform-
ation.
It was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the members of the House of Represent-
atives of the Thirty Fourth Congress, who have not already
received them, shall be entitled to the same books, or others
of eijim! value, as were directed to be furnished to the mem
bers of the Thirtv-Third Congress.
Resolved, That the Clei k ot the House procure said books
for such of the members as are entitled thereto : Provided,
