1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
contemplate it. When I rose yesterday, I had
no such view; I meant to express my strong
opinion and judgment that the Senate oueht not
finally to adjourn in the present conditionof this
bill and of the country. I*am very happy to be
informed that such appears to be the sentiment
of the majority of the Senate.
I have no disposition to detain the Senate from
a vote. If, in the judgment of gentlemen who
have considered this matter more than I have,
the result of adhering nowwili be to expedite the
concurrence of the two Houses i  final action on
the subject, I shall waive any privilege which I
may have of saying a few words now, even if
there was no question behind this on which I
could express my opinions. I decline to go into
the debate on that ground.
For my own part, however, I doubt whether
an adherence oven now is the proper course. It
is an expression of settled determination on the
part of the Senate. I was not aware of the strict-
ness of the rule by which a bill necessarily falls
when there is an adherence by both Houses; but
being now informed of it, I am the more strongly
inclined not to vote for an adherence. I hope I
shall be excused for not voting for that motion,
though I concur mainly in the grounds on which
the Senate has acted hitherto in regard to the
danger of the precedent. Now, sir, 1 trust my
friend from Virginia will see that I am not dis-
posed to trespass on the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very much obliged to
the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
that the Senate adhere to its amendment.
Mr, SEWARD. I repeat—if not necessary
here, it may be elsewhere—that my colleague
[Mr. Fish] has paired off with the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Fftzpatrick,] and I have paired
off with the Senator from Georgia, [Mi. Toombs.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsts. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Benjamin,
Bigler, J3iighi, BiodUead, Biuwn, Butler, Ca-^, Clu\, Cut
tendon, Dodge, Don«la>, Geyci, Hou-ton, UmUei", Iver-
son, Jonnson. Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Pearce, Piatt,
Pugti, Llejd, Sebastian, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
\W3ler, Wugbt, and YuJee—o3.
NAYS—Mesars. Durkee, Foot, Fostei, Harlan, Trum-
bull, and YVadc—6.
So the motion to adhere was agreed to.
SAJV FRANCISCO VIGILANCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to present a memorial,
addressed to the Senate of the United States
through me, for the purpose of asking interven- i
tion in behalf of the Hon. David S. Terry, one
of the judges of the supreme court of the State
of California. It is understood in Texas, from
which State he emigrated to California, that he is
peculiarly and unfortunately circumstanced in the
latter State, owing to the revolutionary move- j
znenis m San Francisco; and his friends in Texas,
the most respectable citizens in our community,
me desuious that the FederalGovernmentshould
interpose in Ins behalf, as far as it can consistently
with its constitutional functions. It is sufficient
evidence of the deep and intense interest felt in
regard to his fate by the citizens of Texas, that
their Legislature have solemnly memorialized the
Congress and the Executive of the United States
to interpose for his liberation. It is for the Sen-
ate to consider what direction shall be given to
this memorial. I have discharged my duty. I
assure the Senate, that I feci for this gentleman
all the respect due to an honorable man, who was
an ornament to our community.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to add to what my
friend from Texas has said, as an act of justice
to an old schoolmate and friend, that, m my opin-
ion, a more honorable man never breathed the air
of heaven than David S. Terry. I have known
him from his infancy; I knew his parents before
him; I knew all his connections; and, if there is
spot or blemish on his character anywhere, it has
escaped the scrutiny of the people among whom
he was born and reared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dispo-
sition does the Senator from Texas propose to
make of the memorial?
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that it be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Before the memo-
rial is disposed of, I wish to say that I have in
my pocket a letter on the subject to which it
refers, from a respected friend in whom I have
the greatest confidence. It is too long to ask for
its reading to the Senate, and I am not certain
that that course would be proper; but as the
question to which it relates is a most momentous
one, which may soon be presented to the Execu-
tive, and possibly to Congress, I beg leave to say
that this gentleman gives to David S. Terry, one
of the supreme judges of California, precisely
the character given by this memorial, and by the
two members who have addressed the Senate. 1
He says that Judge Terry is a most estimable
gentleman, of high principles, respected by all
his friends and acquaintances, with such a fair
character that his friends are disposed to go great
lengths, and almost to sacrifice themselves to
sustain him. The situation in which he is
placed has excited the deepest interest for him
among a large portion of the members of the so-
called Vigilance Committee, and the community
generally.
The writer expresses the opinion, that but for
the judge's impulsiveness, a feature of his charac-
ter which his friends have never, or at least very
seldom, been able to control — that committee
would have been dissolved before this letter was
written. The writer takes the deepest interest
in his preservation. He says, and adduces facts
and circumstances to sustain him, that there was
no party interest originally connected with the
formation of the Vigilance Committee in Sm
Francisco, and no disloyal sentiment, especially
none with regard to the Government of the United
States; but an attempt was afterwards made to
give it a payty complexion, and proofs are re-
ferred to in order to show that there is really no
foundation for it.
The object of this communication to me was
that, when the question should be presented < ither
in Congress or before the Executive, I might, if
I had the opportunity, interpose the representa-
tions of this gentleman, who, although not a
member of the committee, sympathizes with it,
but sympathizes with the gieater interests con-
nected with the preservation of that community,
and its connection with this Government, and
who especially deprecates, in the strongest man-
ner, any collision between the Federal nuthouties
or any hostile acts, for the preservation of what
is called law and order in San Francisco.
Mr. WELLE R. Will the Senator name the.
writer?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
do it if my fuend will excuse me; but I can rely
on his authority as disinterested, and especially
because he pronounces the highest eulogy on
David S. Terry. He regards it as the greatest
calamity in its effects which could happen to Cali-
fornia, that David S.Terry became involved in
the defense of some person, which compelled the
committee to have him arrested and pmYnptison.
He expresses to me the belief th.it, if that event
had not happened, the committee would have
been disso!v< d in a few days afterwards. Every
sensible man wjll see thai, when a man of his
deservedly high standing in the community, $nd
unimpeachable mtegiitv and patriotism, was
directed by a determined and impulsive will, no
prudential counsel could restrain his action; and
yet the gentleman who writes this letter, and
others of influence who cooperate with him, are
determined that not a hair of his head shall be
disturbed.
It has been stated here already that the con-
tingency has not arisen when the Executive is
obliged to interfere. Itmay become his duty to
exercise his constitutional power; but if there
ever was a question in which it might be made
matter of deliberation and reflection, how prompt-
ly it should be comphcd with, I think there never
was a time when the maxim, ilfeshna Unte
could be more appropriately applied, and I should
tremble for the consequences. If these difficul-
ties should continue until the 1st of January,
when the Legislature meets, and the President
should be called upon to interpose, I should trem-
ble for the consequences. I believe there is no I
disloyalty in the feelings of that people. This |
convulsion is one of the results of the practical
existence of free institutions, and especially under
the circumstances in which that community has
been collected and assembled together in the form
of a civilized society. These uprisings against
a government of law are the fruits of "the enjoy-
ment of civil liberty. We have felt them in many-
other sections of this country, from the period of
its early settlement to this time.
I have felt myself called upon .by the duties,
not only of private friendship, but of publie obli-
gation, to interpose these remarks on the first
occasion when the question arose. I must say,
that if the President should be called upon, in
the manner prescribed by the Constitution, to
repress this committee by the military force of
the United States, I should consider that the con-
flict would be appalling, and the result might be
the separation of that nascent empire from this
of ours on the Atlantic. What would be its ulti-
mate consequences to this country I am not pre- .
pared to say, and I do not mean to enter into
them; but-Ithink we ought to proceed cautiously,
wisely, prudently. On the whole, I am form&in-
taining the Pacific coast as a part of this great
Confederacy, and 1 think, therefore, we should
proceed with great caution in view of the two cir-
cumstances which l!have mentioned—the blood-
shed w|)ich would necessarily ensue in all proba-
bility, and the remote consequences of a separa-
tion. I believe, from what 1 have heard, that
there is not the slightest pretense for saying" there
is any spirit of disloyalty in California to-uay. I
would not hasten it, and I can see great difficul-
ties in the position of that committee at this time.
I believe, as stated by the writer of this letter,
that but for the arrest and proceedings in the case
of David S. Terry, the committee would have
ceased to exist, in faoc of the opposition of the
authorities of California.
Mr. WELLER. I am sorry that the observa-
tions of the Senator from Tennessee have made
it necessary for me to say anything on this sub-
ject. I do not propose to discuss it here;'but
when 1 return home next month I intend to
diseussit before the peopleof California. I simply
desire to say now, in answer to the Senator from
Tennessee, that 1 do not entertain the opinion
that the Vigilance Committee would have been
disbanded but for the imprudence and arrest of
Judge Terry. J believe, sir, that, after having
proceeded so far as they had irt the execution of
two men, and in the deportation of ten or fifteen
persons who were obnoxious to them in the city
of Son Francisco, itwas their intention to go still
further. They had then gone so far that it was
difficult to recede. I am satisfied that they arc
fast becoming a political organization, winch is
to be wielded for political purposes; that they
have five thousand men under arms, and that
they will remain in their present position until
the presidential election is over. This they will
now do, whatever their original intention may
have been. By each mail we are informed that
they are about to disband, but I no longer place
reliance on their statements.
if the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee
were calculated to produce any impression, it
was, that the imprudence of Judge Terry had
continued m operation the Vigilance Committee.
This is unjust. I am notawaie that Judge Terry
was guilty of any imprudence — certainly none
which could justify his arrest. I have known
him for some years, m the State of California, as
one of the most high-minded and honorable men
within the limits of that State, and I can safely
indorse every word which has been uttered by
my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] in
regard to him. He is warm and ardent *n his
feelings, and may be excitable, but he is, never-
theless, a prudent man. He desired, in his offi-
cial capacity, to aid those who were attempting
to maintain the supremacy of the laws. Itwas
a part of his constitutional duty to exert the whole
of lus moral influence in maintaining the consti-
tution which he had sworn to support.
jSTosv,Mr. President, whether they are all loyal
to the Federal Government or not, I shall not
undertake to say, but I will say this, there are
men in the State of California who are not loyal
to the Federal Government. There are men in
that Slate who have been openly advocating a
secession from this Union. Although 1 regard
it as a high compliment for the Senator from
Tennessee to say that all my constituents are
loyal, I am not ready to indorse it. There are
some there who are disloyal. I hope they may
be few in numbers. I have no doubt the Presi-
dent of the United States will exercise his full
