712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
That in lieu of such works a & may bo out of pnnt, not readily
obtained, or which may be deemed of no value to the mem-
bers to whom they are due, such members shall have the
ri"ht to select unv other works winch m their judgment
may be more useful, not, however, to exceed the cost of
those for which they may be substituted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will merely remark that
thfs is precisely the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. A. K. Marshall,] with
the exception, that the Clerk of the House is sub-
stituted for a committee of the House.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to ask if this reso-
lution contains the provision which was embraced
in the resolution of the last Congress, which gives
to each member one hundred and sixty copies of
Hickey's Constitution?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I did not hear the gen-
tleman's question; but I will state that the reso-
lution I propose to offer is in substance the same
as resolutions which have been adopted by former
Congresses. There is no departure, in this re-
spect, from the rules adopted by former Con-
gresses.
Mr. NICHOLS. What I wished to inquire
was, whether this resolution provides for giving
the one hundred and sixty copies of Hickey's
Constitution which were furnished each member
of the last House for the first time ?
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire whether this
debate is in order?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to have it
understood, that at the last Congress there were
one hundred and sixty copies of Hickey's Con-
stitution furnished to each member of the House.
[Cries of " Order ! '*]
The .SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I do not. propose to debate; I
merely wished to know whether the resolution of
my colleague contained provision for one hundred
and sixty copies of that book for distribution.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules; and it was decided in the
affirmative, (two thirds voting in favor thereof)—
yeas 120, nays 30; as follows:
Alien, Bull, Barboui, Jidi, Henry* Ben-
nett, Hendlcy S. Uemietf, Benson, Billin rlnn~t. BMiop,
Bliss, Bowie, I3rad*h.i\v, Branch, Bienton, Broom, Bullin-
ton, liuilm^amo, James ff. Campbell, Lewi* D. ('ampiuil,
Cathie, Camther*, Chatfoo, Bayaid Clark, K/ia Cl.uk,
Clavvson, Comiii-, Oovod", Cox, Crastin, Ciawi'md, Cuni-
back, Damreil, Davidson, Hciny Wmtn Davis, Timothj
Davis, Dean, Dn*k. Kuk-tm. Pudd, Pmvdell, Dunn. Dur-
fee, Edn\ aid', HIPou, Kmuc, l<'thendjje. I-'u^ti-*,
Evans. Fiaslou Floirnrr, Thoina-. J. D. Fuller, ( \iI!ow.iv,
Gilbert, Holuit B. Hall, J. Motrisou
Harris, Haven, lloiiman, Thomas U. Hoi ton, Valentino B.
Hortou, Ilow.ud. Kol.-ov. Konneti, Kins, Know bakr.
Lmdley, banmel S. Mar-hall, Matteson, MoCaity, M'nu'Ii-
nm, Kdlian MiUoi, Mott, I\otton, Andiew Olivei,
Parker, 1V<% Pennington, 1'ikc, PorKn, Powell, I'mi^Ie,
Gtuitman, Itoade, Uioaud, Kiielne, Saiuiidiic, Sapp, Sew-
ard, SUoiter, Simmons, Saimu'l A. Smith, William 11.
Smith, Snood, Tuition, Tny Un, Thermal on, Todd,Ti.itton,
Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeinan, Walbridpe,
Walker, Klhbu B. VVa-dilmrno, Israel VVn-dilnun, Watson,
Wt loh, Wolls, Whtliio). Window, Wooduilf, Wood-
work), John V. \Vrj ht,and Zolhi-ortVr- 1*>i).
NAYS—Mp.-ms, Biooiv-i, Burnett, Howell Cobb, Wil
liamM>n It. W-Cohh, <'oIj.iv, Ciaifrc, Day. Ani^i-du^ Hall,
Samp-on Wr. Ilari n, Thomas L Harris, Houston. (Jroi/jo
W. Jones, J. (itanoy iom^, Kidwcll, Kniuht. Letcher,
Lumpkin, Maeo, Mnmphtey Mar-hail, Mc.Miilhn, Me-
tiueen. Million, Ori, lViiu, Plielp*, Kuilin, Soon, Spin-
ner, Stewart, and Wainci—^0.
So the rule.*? were suspended, and the joint reso-
lution introduced.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SHERMAN stated that he had pturodoff
with Mr. Aiken\
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was outside the
bar when his name was '-nlled: if he had been
inside, he should have voted against suspending
the rules.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 now offer a<< an
amendment the proposition which has been read
at the Clerk's desk. I move it as a second section
to the resolution. Mr. Speaker, I have uniformly
voted against such propositions, but I offer this
in good faith, believing1 that it will be better for
those who are to receive the benefit of the resolu-
tion, and better for the Government. If it be
adopted, there will be no prospect, as I conceive,
for those who are to furnish the books to make a
good thing of it—to make a speculation out of it.
It will certainly be better for the members who
are to receive it. If they prefer the books they
are free to choose, and can take them; but, if they
prefer the money, they can take that in lieu, anil
it will cost no more to the Government.
Besides, there are some of these books which I
am satisfied are out of print, and I do not believe
can be purchased in sufficient numbers to supply
the new members of the two Houses. I think
the proposition I have made is an equitable one
to the Government and to the members who are
embraced in it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the House
will vote down the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. If it is intended to in-
crease our salaiies—our per diem in money, 1 prefer
to have it done directly. I have voted for this
book resolution heretofore, and I expect to vote
for it now, because I think it is calculated to dis-
seminate over the country very useful and desir-
able information. It may be, and I have no doubt
is the fact, that there may have been improper
conduct on the part of some members in connec-
tion with this matter, but I think it has not been
general. I know that there are a great many ru-
mors floating around on this subject; but, like all
other rumors, when you come to sift them, there
is no truth upon which to found them. Now,
sir, I took the books when I came into the Thirty-
First Congress, and they are now inmv district,
valuable to those who may seek for information
through them. Iknowthatmveonstituentsregard
this as a very proper system for the circulation of
information. Gentlemen that have taken these
! books once themselves are now indisposed to
' extend the system to the new members of this
Congress. 1 believe the system is a correct and
propei one. It may be that it has been subject
to abuse—it may be some member has abused
its provisions; but that is no reason why we
should ondemn the whole system.
I am willing to vote for books to be sent abroad
among the people, even though to do so it may
be necessary to lessen the appropriations for guns.
I think it was well said, that by diffusing knowl-
edge among the people you lessen the necessity
for th£implements of war. I will vote for this
resoluwon as it was introduced by my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffek,] and I hope
the House will vote down the pioposition which
proposes to put money in the pockets of members.
If there bo a member who would receivc these
books, and sell them for money, let his name be
made public, that this House and the country
mav know who it is that perpetrates the wrong,
so that the imputation may not be general when
gentlemen get up and repeat rumors heard outside
of this Hall. I shall call for the previous ques-
tion, unless it is proposed to make some modifi-
cation of (.he resolution.
Mr. WARHRUUJN", of Maine. I hope the
gentleman will not cull for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 wish to bring this mat-
ter to a close, iu order that the House may resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Will my colleague yield to
Mr. SHERMAN,
me for a suggestion ?
Mr. CViVJPBELL
Mr. SHERMAN
I will.
By my colleague's per-
mission, I will say one word on the resolution of
the gentleman from Tennessee. That resolution
ij provides that each of the new members shall get
: the books, a list of which I hold in my hand.
, There are three of these books which ought not
| to be included: Hickey's Constitution, Mayo's
I Fiscal Report, and Mayo's Pension and Bounty
j Lund Laws. 1 take it that new members do not
! desire their districts to have any advantage in the
i distribution of these books, and theiefore I think
! those three works I have mentioned specially
ought to be stricken from the list. The question
; will come up between my proposition and the one
' offered by the gentleman from Tennessee. The
! only difference between them is this: His propo-
j sition requires new members to take these books
i whether they arc willing or unwilling so to do.
j Mine does not. Many of them are worthless, and
1 many are out of print, and can only bo got by
! purchase-—by paying the price given for them
years ago when they were new. My lesoiution
proposes to give each member the right to sub-
stitute for them other works of a public character
to an amount of their cost. That is the only dif-
ference between the two propositions; and it is
manifestly better for the members and for their
constituents that my substitute should be adopted.
Then they will get books of a valuable public
character, for those which are worthless and out
of print.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will make a sin-
gle inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio. Have we
not already passed, at this session of Congress, a
resolution to give to each new member a full set of
Little & Brown's Statutes at Large, and to each
of the other members the tenth volume ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zollic offer]
will accept a modification, so that Hickey's and.
other works, which have already been provided,
will be excluded.
Mr. JONES. I suggest that a proviso be
adopted, that no member shall receive more than
one copy of any book provided for in the resolution.
Mr. Campbell, i ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to modify his resolution, so as to ex-
clude those works already distributed.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. If gentlemen are of
opinion that my resolution embraces any books
voted at the last Congress for distribution, t am
willing to modify the resolution so as to exclude
those works. I am willing that it should embrace
one copy of Hickey's Constitution for cach
member.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand that^
another volume of the Opinions of the Attorneys
General is now in print, and just about beingpub-
lished. It embraces the opinions of Attorney
General Crittenden and some of Attorney General
Gushing. It is usual to have them provided for in
these book resolutions;and therefore I would sug-
gest that the gentleman so modify his resolution
as to include that additional volume.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has modified his resolu-
tion so as to exclude the books furnished to the
members of the last Congress for distribution,
and also Little & Brown's Statutes at Large,
which have been voted members at this session.
The SPEAKER. The modification can only
be made by unanimous consent. It can be offered
as an amendment.
Several Members. Nobody objects.
Mr. COMINS. I object.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. .Tones, of Tennessee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope that both
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee and that offered by the gentleman from
Ohio will be voted down. I cannot see any ground
i upon which a resolution forgiving books to mem-
: bers can bo justified except in the form of the origi-
nal resolution offered by the gentleman from Ten-
i nessee, j Mr. Zollicoffek.] That resolution im-
i plies that there is a necessity, or at least a pro-
priety, in having curtain works scattered through
the country, which are published by the Govern-
ment, and Which will not and cannot be published
by private enterprise, such as the American
Archives, the American State Papers, and the
Congressional G lobe. The only ground, it seems
to me, uoon which any gentleman can be justi-
i lied m giving a vote for the purchase of books is,
' that these books <u*e ncressaiy, and ought to be
circulated through the country, and deposited in
j places easy of access by the people. That is the
; ground, and the only ground, upon which I can
I vote lor any resolution providing for the distribu-
tion of books among- the members. The propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jokes] I cannot support, because it implies that
members may receive money instead of books.
The proposition of the gentleman from Ohio I
cannot sustain, because it implies that certain
of these books arc not valuable, and not neces-
sary to be distributed among the people. If that
is true of them, they ought not to be voted for.
I call upon gentlemen of the House, who are in
favor of distributing books at all, to vote against
both of these amendments and to vote for the
original proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. There is no other proposition upon
which we can sustain ourselves for a moment.
Mr. jones, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Maine allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Have not I the
floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Choir understood that
the gentleman from Ohio had yielded the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at all.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Maine
