109
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
that it must be proved by two witnesses to the same
overt act. Judge Lecompte has directed indict-
ments charging treason for peaceably asking for
admission as a State, and protection under the Con-
stitution! and no proof required! A petition for
a free State is rebellion against the Government!
And submission under the Constitution is levying
war!
xi. settlement of slavert agitation.
Constitution.
" Representation and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States that may be included within this
Union, according to their respective numbers, which shall
be determined by adding to the whole number of free per-
sons, including those bound to service for a term of years,
and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other
persons."—Constitution, article 1, section 2.
Proposed Amendment.
" Representation and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which are, or hereafter may be,
included within this Union, according to their respective
number of free persons, including those bounfl to service for
a term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed."
Such an amendment would repeal both tax-
ation and representation upon slaves, one being
the equivalent for the other. It would relieve the
slave States from the taxation, and the free States
from the representation; and it would restore
equality of representation and of political rights
to all the States. The slave property—estimated
at $1,800,000,000—would still retain its just in-
fluence in the Government as a great property
interest, like every other species of property, but
it would have no separate, distinct, political im-
portance given to its owners over ail other kinds
of property, as an element of political power.
This would disconnect slavery and politics.
First. Representation upon property is wrong
in principle, and proves in practice to be dangerous
to the peace and welfare of the country; for to
this cause, under all kinds of pretexts, every agi-
tation on the slavery question can be traced. It
was this that caused it tn 1820, when the Missouri
compromise was adopted, which was regarded
by tne South (as Mr. Pinckney then said) as a
"great triumph," politically, one which would
" give the South, in a short time, an addition of
six, and perhaps eight, members of the Senate
of the United States." In fact, by that, and the
other measures in consequence, the South have
more than realized the prediction—gaining ten
Senators and sixteen members.
■ Second. It would end at once and forever the
agitation of the question of slavery in Congress,
and remove the cause of constant irritation, and
the most dangerous and disturbing element under
our Constitution, the only one that endangers the
perpetuity of the Union.
Third. When the Constitution was adopted,
all the States had slaves; now one half of them
have no such property; so that this representa-
tion, in which all were then interested, now ben-
efits only a section, or one half of the States; arid
the great increase of slaves in those States has
rendered the inequality among the States so
great as to require correction. Nearly one third
of all the Representatives from the slave States
hold their seats by virtue of representation upon
slave property. The change since the Constitu-
tion requires a change in that.
Fourth. Direct taxes are not resorted to to
defray the expenses-of Government, or to pay the
national debts, and never have been. The money
for Government is collected under a revenue sys-
tem, mostly in the free States, nearly one fourth
of it in the city of New York. The representa-
tion on slave property has, therefore, beep had
by one section without any equivalent received
by the other, as was intended by the Constitu-
tion.
Fifth. The effeet of this provision, which has
placed this Government in the hands of o® sin-
gle interest, was not then understood. Now it
requires change, and a fair system of equal repre-
sentation to be adopted.
Here is a remedy for all the political evils with
which slavery has so long distracted the country
—an effectual and final remedy—a peaceful, con-
stitutional remedy—one which requires the vote
of two thirds of both Houses, and cannot, there-
fore, be forced upon one section by the other—
one which- can never be adopted except from a
convietkm'ef its propriety. Why not adopt it >
Is it not a matter of justice and equality? Why
seek to retain an unequal share of the power of
the Government in the hands of any section or
class? For my part, I declare myself willing to
remove any just cause of complaint the slave
States have in the Constitution or out of it. Are
they equally willing to do so—to stand upon a j
just and true equality with the free States? If
1 not, let them never blame us for refusing to ex- : |
tend and increase this unjust and unequal repre- J
1 sentation by the admission of other slave States.
Our only defense against being without any voice ;
in the Government, in that case, is to refuse their
admission. In time, the increase of our numbers, I
and the admission of new States, will gradually—
not remove—but lessen-this unequal power given
to the South over us by representation upon prop-
erty. To that gradual change we must then look
solely for relief. But we must forget all parties
| in the free States, and unite to maintain the exist-
j ence of a free Government, and todefend the equal
[ rights of the free States. Past experience must
teach the free States to trust no man in Congress,
; hereafter, in the Senate, or in the House, who is
\ not true to freedom, and devoted, heart and soul,
j to the maintenance of the equal rights of the free
States. _
xn. disunion.
But the slave States say, if we do not yield,
they will secede from the Union? If, because we j!
refuse to put absolute power in their hands,
(they almost have it now,) they will separate
from us, so be it. By that act they would lose
the whole of that unequal power of which we
complain. They would come down to an equality
then. They would lose the right to reclaim fugi-
tive slaves. They would be relieved from the
unpleasant power of governing thirteen millions
of people, and from all the cares of office. What
a my of lamentation it would be in the Old Do-
minion, when all their clerks should leave their
places, and cease to receive their salaries! They
would lose all the advantages of the Union, while
they would labor under every disadvantage they
do now, and many others of a much more formid-
able character. The threat of disunion is worn
out. It has been useful often. It is idle now.
The free States have real causes for complaint:
the slave States, none. Better not invite atten-
tion to the advantages and disadvantages of dis-
union. The North, now true and loyal, may
come to favor it. They may come to think they
are capable of self-government, and wish to try
the experiment, ana set up on their own account;
and that would be the greatest of all calamities
to slavery—one from which it'could never re-
cover:
xiii. admission or kansas.
But we shall neither have an amendment of
the Constitution, nor a dissolution of the Union !
What, then, shall be the fate of Kansas? I ask
southern men, if they will- refuse to admit one
free State out of all the purchased territory, and
from which five slave States have already been
admitted? Will you refuse to allow the pledge
your section made in 1820 to be redeemed ? Will
you violate the pledge you made in the last Con- ;
gress, to leave the people of Kansas " perfectly
free" to settle this question? They ask for aa- !
mission asa free State! Will you refuse to restore ';
peace to the country, as it was before you made '
this attempt to take free territory for slavery? i
You have taken Jive times as much, already, as the ;
free States have, would you, indeed, if you could,
make the inequality still greater? Will you refuse
to give security and protection to the people
of Kansas; and leave them longer exposed to >
murder, robbery, and violence? Will you refuse !
to them the right of self-government? And for I
what ? In the hope, by prolonging this struggle, !
to make Kansas & slave State? Believe me, that
never can be done! The-sooner Kansas is ad-
mitted the better! Recall the error you have made.
That is the only wise and true policy.
1 demand the admission of Kansas, becttase it
was set off to freedom in- the division made by
the South in 1820, and for it the South received
more than an ample equivalent.
I demand it, because it was then pledged to :
freedom: that pledge should be redeemed! |
I demand it, because the greatest and by far ;
the most valuable portions of these Territories
have been surrendered to slavery. This only was
to be free, and this we claim for freedom; and if
this is refused the free States get nothing.
I demand it, because, by the legislation of last
Congress, the people of Kansas were to be left fre
to choose, and they have decided for freedom.
I demand it, because the Senators and Repre-
sentatives advocating that act disclaimed wish-
ing or expecting to make a slave State of Kan-
sas; they only desired to assert a principle, and
repeal a sectional line!
I demand it as matter of equality and justice,
after such immense additions have been made to
the slave States, that corresponding additions
shall be made to the free States.
I demand it to preserve in any degree, the
equality of the States, and the political rights of
the free States.
I demand it to repair the wrong done by the
last Congress, and to quiet the agitation it has
caused.
I demand it as the right of the people of
Kansas to be admitted as a State under the Con-
stitution.
I demand it to place them under the protection
of a government of law, to relieve them from the
despotism of a mob, or of a military force, and
to give them security in their property and in
their persons.
Admit Kansas, and all will be well. Refuse it,
and who knows when, or where, or how this
" war," as it is called between the two sections,
will end ? It is a war, at least, in which we have
right, justice, honor, honesty, truth, and freedom,
on our side—a war in which we have everything
to gain, and nothing to lose; and one in which
slavery has everything to lose, and can gain
nothing. If it continues, it is because southern
men desire it. Will they have it so ? If they will, let
them remember Kansas can never be admitted as a
slave State. All the blood that has been or may
be shed, all the outrages of slavery, all the ap-
peals to violence and brute force, only deepen the
feeling and add to the certainty, that it can only
be admitted as a free State. Do it, then, at once,
and restore peace and concord again. Who cah
foresee to what this struggle, if continued, may
lead ? We cannot, dare not yield. Will southern
men persist in this mad purpose? I trust the
vote on admitting Kansas will show that we can
yet expect justice at their hands. If not, the
consequences will rest upon them!
SOUTH CAROLINA AND MASSACHUSETTS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSIAH J. EVANS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, June 23, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill to enable the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State (overn-
ment, preparatory to their admission into the Union when
they have the requisite population—
Mr. EVANS said: Mr. President, the subjects
which have grown out of this unhappy Kansas
affair are of very grave import. I would willingly,
very willingly, avoid, if it were possible, mingling
in this controversy. 1 have no taste for it. It is
against the habits of the hist thirty years of my
life; for within that period, so far as I remember,
I have on no occasion found it necessary to make
anything like a forensic effort. But, sir, the
Senator from Massachusetts-not now in his seat
[Mr. Sumner] has not left me any choice. He
has thought proper, in a most ruthless manner,
to assail my State, and to assail my colleague.
This requires at my hands something in reply.
In making this reply, I do not purpose to indulge
in any unkind language, much less to violate any
parliamentary law.
The subjects which I propose to discuss are
the legitimate inferences growing out of that which
he has introduced into his speech. So far as I
am capable of understanding it—and I certainly
hare no desire to misrepresent either that Sena-
tor or anybody else—the great object of the Sen-
ator's speech seemed to be threefold: First, to
excite the people, the Free-Soil people—the " free
people," a* he called them—in Kansas, to rebel-
