1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
opposes the proposition which I submitted, be-
cause it allows the members to clect to take money
instead of books. 1 ask him if a member takes the
money instead of books, cannot he go and buy
such books as he may want, and which he pre-
fers to those which you propose to distribute to
him? Again, I ask him whether, if my amend-
ment passes, every member here will not be left
perfectly free to take all the books instead of the
money ?
One solitary remark further. I am not at all
interested in this resolution; but I believe that my
amendment would be better for all parties, and
would tend to put a stop to some of the objec-
tions which have been made to the system.
Mr. WASHBURN". In answer to the gentle-
man, I will say that he knows as well as I do
what a membermay do; whetherhe will exchange
them or not; but that is the business of the mem-
ber and not mine. I will not vote to enable any
member to take money instead of books. The
only ground upon which T can sustain any proposi-
tion of this kind is, that it is important that cer-
tain books published by this Government should
be distributed in the districts of the country, and
placed in a situation where they will be easy of
access by people who are interested in them.
If any gentleman who receives books with that
implied condition, should do with them what I
think he ought not to do, it is his business and
not mine.
Mr. ORR. I think that when the ground which
has been taken by the gentleman from Maine is
examined, it will be found not to be tenable.
Now, sir, if the House passes any resolution of
this sort, it seems to me that the one offered by
the gentleman from Ohio is the proper one. 1 will
state a fact, which will show to gentlemen of the
}jiouse that there is a necessity of changing the
previous resolutions which have been adopted.
Of the American Stale Papers there were origin-
ally published aboutfifteen hundred copies. There
have been distributed, up to the present time,
over three thousand copies, when the entire edi-
tion only embraced fifteen hundred ! Well, sir,
how is that done ? When gentlemen who received
those books came to examine them, they found
that they were utterly worthless. Such is my
opinion, and I have examined them pretty criti-
cally. I venture the assertion, that there is not
a man in the United States who has ever read
through a single volume of the State Papers.
Mr. WASIIBURN. Will the gentleman allow
me to say, that I consider them extremely val-
uable. If the gentleman had examined them in
connection with the discussion of the French
spoliation bill last Congress, he would not have
come to a different conclusion from what I did.
Mr. ORR. I have various avenues of informa-
tion on that subject accessible to me; and I suspect
that, if .the gentleman from Maine had explored
them as I did, he would have come to a very dif-
ferent conclusion.
Mr. WASHBURN". I went to the foundation.
Mr. ORR. The Government is charged for
these State Papers three hundred dollars and odd,
and I venture the assertion that you can go out
upon the Avenue and purchase them for a hun-
dred and fifty dollars. The Clerks heretofore—
and I do not mean to cast any imputation upon
any gentleman who has filled the position of
Clerk—have made these purchases, or else have
paid members the money in lieu of these State
Papers. Well, that is a sort of underground pro-
cess; and it would be much better for the new
members themselves, if they desire to receive in
value the same amount of books which the old
members received, that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio be adopted, and allow them to
select in value an amount equal to what the old
members have received.
As to the American Archives, that is a work
of more value than the State Papers. There is
also the Diplomatic Correspondence, of some
value, and of which I believe there are duplicate
copies. There are other books of no value what-
ever. I think the whole system of distributing
books to members is wrong, and I voted against
it in the first instance. But after it passed, I am
free to acknowledge that I received the books
which were voted to me. I voted against it when
I was to be the recipient; and I suppose it will
not. be considered amiss if I now vote against it.
I throw out these suggestions for the benefit
of those who are to be the beneficiaries of this res-
olution. If they desire to get the largest amount
of information for their libraries, they had better
have the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
rather than the original resolution and the prop-
osition of my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Will The gentleman from
Ohio allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Ohio has no right to
take the floor and farm it out, as he has done for
the last half hour, while the rest of us can do
nothing but sit still.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and states that it was done by consent
of the House. The Chair, in every instance,
states that it requires unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first question before
the House is the substitute offered by myself, is
it not ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment suggested
by the gentleman is notpendmg.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire that unanimous
consent shall be givc^i to its introduction.
The SPEAKER. " If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Campbell] withdraws the previous question,
the amendment can be offered; but it is not now
pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the call
for the previous question in order to let my col-
league offer ins substitute, if he will renew the
call for the previous question.
Mr. MEACHAM. I again raise the point of
order—that the gentleman has no right to farm
out the floor.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I offer the substitute my-
self, and demand the previous question.
Mr. A. IC. MARSHALL. 1 ask for the read-
ing of the substitute.
Mr. Sherman's amendment was again re-
ported.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to add to that sub-
stitute a proviso excluding those books which
were voted last session for distribution.
The SPEAKER. It will be so modified.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I ask whether or
not there can be a division of the question in
regard to the substitute ? There are two resolu-
tions embraced in the substitute; can we not
divide them ? "f
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio cannot be divided, inasmuch as it does not
present two questions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it understood that I
offer the substitute in the form of a joint resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It is so understood. The
question is on the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr.ZoLLicoFFER.] The
gentleman from Tennessee, his colleague, [Mr.
Jones,] offers an amendment to that. The sense
of the House will first be taken on the adoption
of that amendment.
The question was taken; and Mr. Jones's
amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Campbell.
Mr. WALKER. Is that in the form of a joint
resolution>
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion now
is, to strike out all after the enacting words in the
proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Zollicoffer,]
; and insert the substitute offered by the gentleman
! from Ohio.
| The SPEAKER. That is the question.
! Mr. JONES. I wish to call the attention of
j gentlemen to the fact, that the original proposition
! provides for new members of the Thirty-Fourth ;
' 'Congress—Senate and House. ;
| Mr. WALKER. I was going to make the !
\ suggestion that this ought to be in the form of a j
! joint resolution. ;
I The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that, j
: by the consent of the House, it was to be put as
1 ajoint resolution. «
Mr. HAVEN. There may be some other cler-
ical corrections to be made in it. For instance-,
it directs the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to do certain things; whereas, if it be in-
tended to include both House and Senate, it
should direct the Clerk of the House and the
Secretary of the Senate. It was drawn originally
as a resolution to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been ordered, and amendments are not in order
unless by unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I take it the House will con-
sent to those amendments.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
modifications suggested will be made.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I suggest to gentle-
men, that the shortest road now to attain that
object, is to vote the resolution down, and to in-
troduce one properly worded. This hot haste
and great impatience do not, I think, become us.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have one word
inserted—the word " original" before the word
" cost."
The substitute, as modified in the various
modes suggested, was reported as follows:
That the members of the Thirty-Foutth Congiess, who
have not already received them, shall be entitled to the
same books, or others of equal value, at woie directed to
be furnished to members of the Thury-Tlnrd Congress.
Resolved, That the Socretaiy of the Senate and Clerk of
the House procure said books for the members of their
respective Houses entitled theioto: Provided, That in lieu of
such works as may he out of print, not readily obtaiucd,or
which may be deemed or no value to the members to whom
they are due, such members ehuiJ have the right to scicct
any other works which m their judgment maybe more use-
ful ; not, however, to exceed the original cost of tbO:*.e for
which they may be substituted : Jlnd provided fin ther, That
not more than one copy of any work shall be received under
tins resolution; nor shall the Statutes at Large be included in
thedistiibuuon to members of the House of Representatives,
the same having been already voted to them.
Mr. DUNN demanded the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the substitute.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Harris of
Alabama, and McCarty, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 27, noes 100.
So (more than one fifth having voted in the
affirmative) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sher-
man's amendment; and it was decided in the
affirmative—y<jas 91, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Cell, Bhss, Uocuck, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Branch, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, James II. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers,
Chatfee, Bayard Claik, Ezia Clark, Clawsou, Comins, Co-
vodt\ Cragm, Ciaige, Ciawioid, Damrcll, Davidson, Timo-
thy Davit,, Dean, Dick, Diek&on, Dowdeil,Durfee, Edwards,
Emue. English, Eu-tu>, Evans, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Augustus Hall, Robeit B. Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Thomas
L. Hams, Hoffman, Thomas It. Iloiton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knight, Lake, Lindley, Mace,
Alexander K. Mais>haH, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Carty, McMuilin, McUueen, Mcacham, Killian Miller, Mor-
gan, Mott, Nichols, Orr, Paiker, Peck. Pike, Porter, Reade,
Ricaud, .Bobbins, Sandidge, Sapp, Shoitei, William R.
Smith, Tappau, Taylor, Tiiot ingi on, Todd, Trafton, Trippe,
Valk, Wakeman, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wa^hhurne,
Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Wuislow, Woodruff,
and Woodworth—91.
NAYS—Messis. Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Hendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Killinghur^t, Burnett, Caihle, Citng-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cox,
Cumback, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dodd, Dunn, Ether-
ldge, Floienee, Galloway, Giddmg^, Gilbeit, Gianger, Hai-
Ian, Sampson W Hams., Haven, Houston, Tlowaid,George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidweil, Knox, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Humphrey MatshaH, Matteson, Smith Miller,
Millson, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pennington, Pettit,
Phelps Prmcrle, Quitman, Ritchie, Ruffin, Ru&t, Sage, Sav-
age, Scott, Sevvaul. Sunmon^, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed,
Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge,
Waldron, "Walker, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—68.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question recurred upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to offer this amendment:
Prondcd, That they be furnished at prices not exceeding
those at winch they have heretofore been supplied to buch
Members and Delegates.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received and agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third time.
