1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1409
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to give notice, of"my
intention to ask leave, to introduce a bill, and I
crave the indulgence of the Senate for afew words
of explanation, if that be the pleasure of the
Senate. I give notice-that, on to-morrow, I shall
introduce a bill to take a census of the inhab-
itants of Kansas Territory, secure the integrity
of the ballot-box therein, and authorize the
white male inhabitants, over twenty-one years
old, now residing therein, to elect a convention
toform a State government for admission into
the Union.
My object is to present some measure that will
be complete and final for the adjustment of the
difficulties in that Territory. Wc have had various
propositions, from various sources, in the Senate,
for the pacification of the existing troubles in
Kansas. The first, I believe, originated from the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who
proposes to admit her into the Union on what is
called the Topeka constitution. It is based on
the idea that the Topeka convention represented-
the true inhabitants of the Territory of Kansas;
it can be based on no other. Another proposition
has been introduced by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] to destroy the Territory, to ab-
rogate its laws, and to annex it to the Territory
of Nebraska. Another has been introduced by
the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] proposing to alter some of the laws passed
by the Territorial Legislature, in my judgment
violating the fundamental principles of the Kan-
i sas-Nebraska bill, and incomplete as a remedy,
though with some of its provisions I heartily con-
cur, and would adopt it if the proposed interfer-
ence was right in principle. My honorable friend
from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] has also proposed a
scheme, which he did me the honor to inform me
of, although it has"not yet been introduced inlo
the Senate, which also, in my judgment, lacks
completeness, and is not a final remedy for the
existing evils.
The bill of which I now give notice, and which
I shall introduce to-morrow, provides, in the first
place, that there shall be a census taken of the
present inhabitants of the Territory. My object
in that clause is this: It takes away all motives
from either section of the Union for attempting
to force persons into that Territory, thereby
endangering the peace of the country in order to
get a sectional advantage, or to mold institutions
for one people by another people who have no
interest m the question. It will restore peace
because it will put the sting of disability into this
temptation. If, to-day, according to the provi-
sions of this bill, you say to the inhabitants there
that their will shall be fairly and justly and hon-
estly obtained, and that they shall make a con-
stitution such as they desire, there is no motive,
either for Missourians hereafter to enter the Ter-
ritory, or for the people of the North or the South
to endeavor to enter the Territory with the view
to control the institutions, or tlie organic law of
the Territory; and, therefore, I propose to leave
the matter to the present inhabitants of the Ter-
ritory, and put an end to this dangerous and
improper struggle.
1 propose, in the second place, to preserve and
protect the integrity of the ballot-box. This
measure provides for the appointment of five
commissioners, to be selected by the President
of the United States, who shall cause this enu-
meration to be made. The object of the enumer-
ation is two-fold: in the first place, for the proper
apportionment of representation in the proposed
convention. The population has doubtless in-
creased since the firstapportionment, and is differ-
ently located, and it is, therefore, proper to cor-
rect the inequalities arising out of this state of
things; and, in the second place, in order that we
may get'at a registry of the real bona fide inhab-
itants of the Territory. My bill provides that all
white male inhabitants above twenty-one years of
age shall be registered; and these commissioners
shall appoint proper persons to make this enumer-
ation,and shall sit till the election, for the purpose
of hearing those who are excluded, and also, any
objection to those who are included, if it be neces-
sary. On this point I am perfectly willing to
submit to the Senate that they shall take any
other, or further, or more stringent, or more
appropriate means to attain the object which i
have in viewr which is nothing more than that
there shall be a fair and honest expression of
the opinion of the present inhabitants of that
Territory. This is my mode for ascertaining it;
but I shall be satisfied with any other which the
Senate may think more proper and effectual.
The last proposition in the bill is, that the
Territory shall come into the Union as a State
now. I propose that, as soon as the census is
taken, as soon as this enumeration is had, and it
is ascertained by the census who are the inhabit-
ants of Kansas, they shall proceed forthwith to
the election of delegates to a convention to form
a constitution. This election I provide shall be
on the Tuesday after the first Monday of No-
vember next. 1 fix that day, because, in the first
f>lace, it will give sufficient time to obtain the pre-
iminary information, and will thereby confer
the right of voting upon all qualified persons who
have been four months in the Territory.
Again: by fixing the day which I propose,
the election will be held, when the people of the
different States of the Union are occupied in their
own States in the presidential election. This
single fact, with the other guards which I have
thrown abound the bill, will prevent persons from
without the Territory attempting to interfere
and defeat the real wishes of the inhabitants of
This measure, as I propose it, is liable to but
one grave objection, and that is not an objection
of principle, but of expediency. It is solely
based on the want of the proper number of in-
habitants. This requisite is not imperative upon
Congress: we may waive it, if m our judgment
the public interest demands it; and in'my judg-
ment it does demand this departure from what I
admit to be ordinarily the safer rule.
A considerable party in the Territory have
declared their willingness to admit her into the
Union with a constitution said to have been
made by those inhabitants who were there in
last August; and the speeches of the Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] and others assume
that, within twelve months from that time, there
would be eighty thousand or one hundred thou-
sand inhabitants in that Territory, or, in other
words, a sufficiency, according to the most ap-
proved precedents, to entitle her to come into the
Union as a matter of right. Therefore, (although
I hold that the sounder practice is to admit Kan-
sas into this Union when she has population suf-
ficient to entitle her to a representative,) there is
a higher expediency in this case, in consequence
of the troubles, the commotions, the civil broils,
the discord, growing out of the existing state of
things there. The pacification of this great coun-
try requires that this ordinary practice should
yield to the higher and greater expediency.
This disposes of the sole remaining objection.
In the contest which has been raging through-
out the country on this question, we have been
told by a large portion of the representatives of
the Republic that the present laws of Kansas
were imposed on them by foreign invasion, by
force, by fraud, by which the rights of the people
of Kansas were trampled under foot. Upon the
other hand, it has been affirmed that those laws
embody the will of the people, enacted in pursu-
ance of the principles of their organic act. I
believe they do—that is my judgment. I believe
that the statement made to the contrary is not a
true statement. I believe those laws do embody
the will of that people. That there were strife
and discord in the elections I admit, but to no
such extent as is asserted. That there were
irregularities in the election, I do not deny; but
I am willing to test that next point, whether they
truly represent the will of the people in a proper,
just, and fair manner, and abide by the result. If
1 am wrong—if they do not express^ the senti-
ments of the people of the Territory—if invaders
have overridden the voice of the people, they
have violated the Kansas-Nebraska bill. If they
have not given a fair opportunity to the inhabit-
ants of that Territory to form their domestic
institutions according to their own will—if they
have substituted the will of others by fraud, or
violence, they have violated that bill.
Having advocated it in good faith, as sound
and true and just, without reference to its result,
I offer to the Senate a measure which will test
the question fairly, and put it at rest, leaving to
professional agitators, arid those whose business
it is to mislead and delude the people, and madden
their passions-with false stories* of wrongs and
outrages, not one-solitary inchr of ground on which
to stand.
With these objects and purposes. I have
drafted the bill, of which I now give notice- of
my intention to introduce.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow m& to ask him for information about his
bill as to the qualifications of electors?
Mr. TOOMBS. They are to be- twenty-one
years of age, white, and males.
Mr. SEWARD. And as to the inhabitants,'
Mr. TOOMBS. They are to be bona,. JMe, in-
habitants on the day of the census.
Mr. SEWARD. Are they to be registered.?'
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, they are.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I wish but fot
a moment to make anersonal explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to hearing the Senator from Massachu-
setts ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I find in the Globe of Friday
morning the remarks of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bbtler,] calling the attention.of
the Senate to an error in my speech as published;
in the Globe on Monday. I wish simply to say,
in reference to that error, which is a palpable one,
that it was not made on the floor of the Senate.
I returned to the city, after- an absence of two
weeks, on the morning of- the day the Senator
from South Carolina commenced his speech- I-
felt it to be my duty to reply at ence to that speech.
Of course I had onlya few hours to devote to the
examination of the questions at issue. I listened
to the Serial- r's reading of the constitution of'
South Carolina, and in my reply I stated the pro-
visions of the constitution of his State as I under-
stood them as read by the Senator. I stated the
provision in question correctly, and the reporters
reported me correctly. Having two weeks of'
correspondence on my hands, and being obliged
to leave the city for Philadelphia before my speech
would be printed, I left the proof-reading to a
friend—a reporter in - the Senate 'gallery. He
understood the Senator from South Carolina to
state the provision of the-constitution of bis -Stat*:*
different from the report, and he made the change
as published. Having to leave the city before
the speech was published, I had not time to ex-
amine the matter. It was an error made by
another; but I must he held responsible for it, as.
I placed the matter in his hands, and he acted
under my authority.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No. 173}
to authorize the people of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and State government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. EVANS addressed the Senate for nearly,
two hours and a half, principally in reply to Mr.
Sumner's speech of May 19 and 20. His speech
will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I desire t 
present some remarks, not so much upon the bill
itself as upon certain resolutions which have been
sent here from the State of Massachusetts. I
desire to have an opportunity to do so to-morrow.
I therefore ask the Chair whether, if the Senat&
now adjourn, this subject will not come up to-
morrow as the special order, at one o'clock?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly, if
it be left as the unfinished business.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my friend from Vir-
ginia to withdraw that motion, as itis necessary,
in my judgment, to have a short executive ses-
sion.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, and move that the further consideration
of the bill before the Senate be postponed to, ana-
made the special order for, to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent,therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
