1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
Mr. HUNTER. I beg the Senator to under-
stand that nobody is responsible for the expres-
sion of that opinion but myself.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I thought the Sen-
ator represented the party which is in the majority
in the Senate. At any rate, the party sustain and
support him by their votes in that declaration.
I do not mean to combat the soundness of any
great principle which lies at the foundation of
this course of action. I know that many gentle-
men in some portions of the Union consider it
indispensable to the preservation of the rights of
all sections, and of the States, that this principle
should be adhered to. I am not going to make
any quarrel with them, and do not wisli to say
anything disrespectful to their feelings, or dis-
paraging to their judgment. I only wish to
throw out such suggestions on the points named
as I think worth considering in relation to the
subsidiary and consequential questions which
have arisen from that original measure. They
regard it as the destruction of the Constitution
itself, to allow the House of Representatives to
say to the Senate, "We will make appropria-
tions for the support of the Government in the
civil, military, or any other department, provided
you will agree to certain other things." I admit,
to the fullest extent, the danger of such a prece-
dent, and I do not mean to qualify this declara-
tion to any perceptible extent, because, if that
practice be continually indulged in, it puts the
power of this Government in the hands of the
House of Representatives at one time, and of
the Senate at another; and neither can work well
or consistently with the theory of this Govern-
ment. I remember that Mr. John&umcy Adams,
a man whose reflection and practical experience
went a great way, said that this Government
would become impracticable at any time when
the different departments of it —executive and
iegislative, senatorial and representative—should
become anything less than coordinate branches
of the Government. He thought it was essen-
tial to the practical safe operation of the Gov-
ernment that they should all continue to be, not
merely coordinate, but cooperative.
Now, I wish to put a practical question to the
honorable Senator from Virginia. Is it possible
under our system, for the House of Representa-
tives or the Senate to continue for any length of
time to be controlled by a majority pertinacious
on any point like this—call it factious, call it rev-
olutionary, calUt incendiary, if you please—un-
less it has its foundation in the discontent of the
people ? I want the pregnant question consid-
ered, whether from the very nature of our sys-
tem and the responsibility of the representative,
such a state of things can happen unless it is
founded upon a deep-rooted, and for the time
being, strong existing discontent among the
people, no matter ill what section it springs up?
This year it may be at the Worth and next year
at the "South. It can never exist in this country
unless it has its foundation in a deep-rooted dis-
content among the people of the section from
which it springs, with some conception of invaded
rights, of injustice, and of inequality in the opera-
tion of the Government. I allude to this for the
purpose of awakening, if I can, in the mind of
my honorable friend from Virginia, a train of
reflections which I have in my own mind.- If
he is not an organ, and speaks only on his own
responsibility, he certainly occupies such a posi-
tion as to exert a powerful and almost controlling
influence over the party whose mouth-piece or
spokesman he is, and properly so, standing in
the telation which he does to this body as chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and particu-
larly in regard to questions like the appropriation
bills under his special charge. I submit to him
whether a part of the proposition which he has
laid down is not worthy of reconsidering ? He
will not recede from the position that he has taken
he will allow 110 control to be exercised upon the
Senate 111 order to secure the passage of this bill
by inserting in it measures unpalatable to the
Senate. The point which I wish him to reconsider
is neither of these, but his other position, that on
no account will he accede to any other proposition
than to repeal the obnoxious laws of Kansas, and
that only upon the condition that it is accepted
as satisfactory by the House of Representatives.
Mr. President, what is the condition of our
country at the present time ? I have already said
that it could not have been foreseen even by the
authors of the measure out of which these diffi-
culties have originated, and they cannot fairly be
considered as responsible for them in intent.
Now I desire, to know of my honorable friend
from Virginia, whether he is ready to rise in his
place, ana say that Congress ought to adjourn
without either arming the Executive with addi-
tional authority, or passing some law for the con-
ciliation of contending parties in Kansas, or, if
you please, in the country? But I will not carry
it to that extent. Is he prepared to say that there
is nothing out of the ordinary course of Govern-
ment—that there is no extraordinary exigency in
Kansas, which requires extraordinary—I will not
say extra-constitutional enactments to control
the state of things there ? I will put one simple
illustration of my views on this subject. Who,
when the Kansas-Nebraska act was passed, ever
dreamed that there would be obstructions in the
States to free emigration to Kansas, either in
Missouri or Iowa, or any other of the neighboring
States ? Who foresaw that that was a possible
contingency? And yet, does not the honorable
Senator from Virginia say that this Government
has no constitutional power to provide a remedy
for those disturbances by the Federal Executive
authority; and that, if Congress itself were called
upon to devise a remedy, it would be very difficult
to find the constitutional power? These are
matters which must be redressed by the judicial
tribunals of the States in which they occur; but,
then, is not that a very serious question which
ought now to be taken into consideration by Con-
gress ?
If there be any remedy for it in our power,
without trespassing on the Constitution, ought
we not to resort to it ? I know of 110 distinct
power,under the Constitution, by which we can
legislate to prevent these difficulties, which are
welFoalculated to stir the blood of men—to arouse
a spirit of discontent and rebellious opposition to
the Federal Government. I do not call them out-
rages; for I do not know how far the statements
which I have seen are true; but as they are repre-
sented, what could be better calculated to arouse
the determined opposition of a whole section of
the Union, and a rebellious feeling towards the
Federal Government? Docs the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia think there is nothing 111 that
circumstance making this an extraordinary occa-
sion, when we ought to resort to measures of con-
ciliation and relief, that under other circumstances
he would not think of? Would that infringe on
the principles adopted by the great Democratic
party? I speak it with all respect. Would that
be to abandon the grounds and doctrines upon
which they stand, and which they think are indis-
pensable to be maintained for the preservation of
the Constitution, and ultimately of the Union?
I certainly cannot view the subject in that light.
Then I understood the other day, that a large
portion of the Senate—some gentlemen for whom
1 had high respect—proposed to adjourn imme-
diately when they thought there was no proba-
bility of agreeing with the other House. That
idea, I am glad to say, seems now to be aban-
doned.
I should be pleased to hear the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, if it be consistent with his
policy or course of propriety, to say whether this
Government has not failed in preserving order in
Kansas, with all the power which it now has by
law ? Is that a true or a false position ? Is it an
imbecile, inefficient form of government which
cannot, in one of its own Territories, where it is
not trammeled, as it is in the States, by any strict
constitutional limitations as to the exercise of its
physical and moral power, preserve order? Has
it not failed to carry out the punciple adopted in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill? To be sure, 1 heard
the honorable Senator from Ohio say yesterday,
that if the President had failed in his duty he
ought to have been impeached. I do not mean
to go into that.
Mr. PUGH. I stated that, if he had violated
his duty, as alleged, the House ought to have
impeached him.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is what 1
understand.
Mr. PUGH. Not on the ground of failure.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Has he failed to
exercise the powers with which he is clothed?
Mr. PUGH. I think not.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Very well. Then
is there not a failure of the Government? Has
it not proved an abortion in such a case as this ?
I speak of it as it is, with the powers with which
the President is clothed by the Constitution, anil
the additional powers already conferred on him
bylaw. I think this is rather ah important ques-
tion. He has failed to preserve order; he has
failed to repress continueddisturbances and blood-
shed and insurrection, though ho has had the
military power of the Government put into Ill's
hands, so far as that power is given by existing
laws. Do honorable Senators mean to say that '
they will go no further to arm him with additional
power and authority? There is a failure — it is
manifest and palpable to the country—and I say
this irrespective of the influence which these dis-
turbances may have on one party or the other.
The leaders of both the great prominent parties
before the country have avowed sufficiently their
purpose to take this issue before the people. The
honorable Senator from Virginia has distinctly
avowed that he is ready to go to the country upon
it. The honorable Senator from Ohio considers
it a question on which the competency of the
peoplfc of this country to govern themselves may
be tested, and he is willing to tost it. He seems
to be willing to submit to them the refusal of
I Congress to" adopt any additional auxiliary and
! ('ffioiont means of repressing the disorders in Kan-
I sas. My opinion applies to both Houses. I say
j that Congress ought not to adjourn, but it ought
| to sit de die in diem until December or the 4th of
| March, if necessary, until it agree upon some
1 measure for repressing those disturbances. The
j question is presented as to the competency of the
! people to govern themselves. I think Senators
do not mean to place it exactly 011 that ground.
If the strength or success of parties is to depend
oil the will of the people, what security, what
certainty have they that a majority of the people,
under the various influences and appliances which
may be brought to bear pro and con., will decide
intelligently one way or the other?
Mr. President, in my judgment something more
than the fate of a party, or of any one or two
or three parties, is dependent on this issue. It
involves the fate of a cummou country. I look
upon it now, that if we adjourn without passing
any measuie arming the President with additional
authority, or some measure of conciliation such
as that proposed by the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky, instead of leaving this subject
merely to be dccided in a party point of view,
whether the doctrine of the Republican or Dem-
ocratic party shall be sustained, as manifested in
the procedure of the two Houses of Congress, or
not; you are leaving an evil festering in the coun-
try, you are leaving a source of mischief without
remedy—without preventive means to restrain its
extension, which may go beyond the control of
the people, wise as they may be. If they be now
in favor of the Democratic party 011 the issues
presented to the. country, who can be satisfied
when he reflects deliberately that the difficulties
m Kansas ma.y not swell to such an extent before
November, that the people, contrary to their de-
liberate judgment, contrary to their prudence,
wisdom, and patriotism, may be forced into a
participation in civil war and sectional contests?
Their own judgment may tell them that it is im-
prudent, and ought to be avoided; but we know
not what may be the result when the people are
led 011 by the contagion which is common in
such cases. We are aware of the stirring effect
of bloodshed, and of the spirit of revenge en-
kindled by the slaughtering of countrymen in a
contest in which sections differ as to fundamental
pimciples. In this way the matter may be
placed beyond the control of the deliberate judg-
ment of the very people to whom the Senator
from Ohio refers us for decision. I say that in
this point of view the question is far higher and
more important than the interest and success of
parties, and therefore I think we should adopt
some remedial measuie. I am perfectly willing
to give my hearty support to the bill of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, which seems to
promise some relief, and give some, additional
powers to the President, though it does not per-
haps go quite as far as I should be wilting to go
under the circumstances; but still it goes a con-
siderable extent beyond his present power,
i) Sir, what is the condition of Kansas at the
