714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March Sa,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken it was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 97, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bell, Benson,
Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Branch, Broom, Buffin-
ton, JJuilmgame, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Bayard Clark,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Crawford,
Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dowdell,
Durfec, Edie, Edwaids, Enirie, Etheridge, Eustts, Evans,
Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. P. Fuller, Gilbert, Augus-
tus Hall, Robert B. Hail, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Kennett,
King, Knox, Lake, Lindlcy, Macc, Alexander K. Marshall,
Maxwell, McCarty, Meacham. Killian Miller, Mott, Nich-
ols, Noiton, Parker, Peck, Pike, Porter, Iteade, Iticand,
Robbins, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington,
Todd, Trafton, Tiippe, Vaik, Wakeman, Walbridse, Wal-
dron, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Whitney, Winslow, Woodruff, Woodworth,
and John V. Wright—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Flendley S. Bennett, Billmghutst, Bo-
cock, Brooks, Burnett, Carlile, CJmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson 11. W.Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Craige, Cumbaek,
Henry Winter Davis Day, Dodd,Dunn, English, Galloway,
Giddmgs, Uailan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Ilaven, Houston, Geoigc W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kel-
sey, Kidwell. Knight, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McMullin, McQ.neen,
Smith Miller, Million, Morgan, Andrew Oliver, On, Pottit,
Phelps, I'rmgle, Quitman, Itichard&on, RufRn, Ru^t, Sngc,
Savage, Simmons Spinner. Stewart, Talbott. Underwood,
Wade, Walker, Elhliu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
and ZoHicofter—61.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
last taken by which the resolution was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
DISTRIBUTEES OF COLONEL WILLIAM LINN.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 ask the consent of the House
to report back from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims Senate hill (No. 38) for the relief of
the distributees of Colonel William Linn, with
two amendments; in which they ask the concur-
rence of the House.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 object.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill and report were read.
The bill proposes to give to (he distributees of
Colonel William Linn five years' full pay for
services performed by him during*the revolution-
ary war.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and placed in their proper order on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. ALLEN. I thought the rules were sus-
pended m order that the bill might be put on its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to a
Committee of the Whole House is in order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I am induced to make the mo-
tion in consequence of hasty legislation hereto-
fore. I will give an instance: a bill was intro-
duced, and hastily passed, to give the heirs of a
man, late of Charleston, about six thousand dol-
lars. They went to the Treasury to draw the
money, and on examining the books it was found
that file money had already been paid—every cent
of it. They Ave re honest people, nnd would- not
take the money. At the last session we had to
repeal the act f>y which the money was directed
to be paid to them. I do not know whether this
bill before us is right or wrong; but, as it takes a
large sum out of the Treasury, it ought to go to a
Committee of the Whole House, and be put upon
the Calendar. If it be right, there will be no in-
jury done to the parties by so doing; if it be wrong
it ought not to pass.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Did this man, I will ask
my colleague, ever draw his commutation pay?
Mr. ALLEN. Never. I was going to remark
that the committee have taken the pains to inquire
at the different Departments whether any portion
of the money, whether in the way of pension or
commutation, had ever been received by Colonel
Linn, or any of his heirs ? We have the official
answer of the officers, thatno application has been
made for commutation money or for any pension
money due to him at the time of his death.
This is a Senate bill, Mr. Speaker, and it passed
that body unanimously. When it came to us it
was sent to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. It there underwent a severe scrutiny;
all the questions involved were fully discussed.
The committee were unanimously of opinion that
it ought to pass with the amendments which they
propose.
The only objection I have to the bill going on
the Calendar is this: gentlemen of experience in
this House know the uncertainty of the time
when we shall reach the Private Calendar. I think
the debt ought to have long since been paid; and
I am not inclined to hazard the passage of the bill
by letting it go on the Calendar. If the House
are satisfied, from the reading of the report and
the bill, that it ought to pass, I trust they will
refuse to refer it to a Committee of the Whole
House, take it up, act on the amendments, and
do to the heirs of Colonel Linn an act of justice
which has been long delayed.
Mr. CRAIGE. There can be no doubt but
this claim will be reached and acted on before the
close of the session, if it be referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House. It is one of the first
bills reported, and will be one of the first on the
Calendar. If it be right, it will pass; if not, it
ought not to pass.
The question was taken;and the House refused
to refer the bill and amendments to a Committee
of the Whole House. The amendments of the
committee were severally adopted, as follows:
Insert the words, uupon giving satisfactory security to
the said accounting officers &o that the bill Ivill read :
"The money to be paid to Mis. Elizabeth A. 11. Linn,
upon giving satislhctoiy security to the said accounting
officers, to be bv her distributed according to the laws ot
the State of Mi^oun "
Add .it the cud of the bill the following:
Provided, That the sum hereby directed to be paid shall
be in lull of all claims of the descendants or representatives
of said Colonel V\ ilham Linn, under any laws of the United
Stated now or heretofore in forcw.
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. CRAIGE demanded the yeas and nays on
its passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. The
bill was then passed.
Mr. ALLEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and that that motion
be laid upon the table. The latter motion was
agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE OHIO RIVER.
i_ Mr. DUNN, from the select committee to
* vluch was referred the bill to enable certain States
to improve the river Ohio, reported the bill back,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Said bill and amendment were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNN. I wish to make another motion
in connrciion with that bill. I move that it be
madp the special order for the second Tuesday of
June, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. DUNN. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
I Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
| tleman from Georgia will withdraw that motion
| to allow me to make a report from the Committee
;j of Ways and Means.
\\ Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Ohio be
jj enabled to do that if I withdraw my motion?
i| The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
: of the House.
IJ No objection was made.
j MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
11 Mr. CAMPBELL. I am instructed by the
i! Committee of Ways nnd Means to report back
'.\ to the House bill No. 69, making appropriations
!; for the support of the Military Academy for the
|l year ending the 30th of June, 1857, with the
,[ amendments of the Senate thereto, with a recom-
11 mondation of the Committee of Ways and Means
j; that the House do not concur in either of the
J amendments. I move that it be referred to the
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j and that the bill and amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following executive commu-
nications; which were disposed of as indicated
below:
A message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 18th of last month, request-
ing the transmission of documents touching the
affairs of the Territory of Kansas, transmitting a
report from the Secretary of State, to whom tiie
resolution was referred. Laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of the report of Super-
intendent Cumming, in regard to his late expe-
dition among the tribes of Indians on the Upper
Missouri, called for by the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 17th instant. Referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers m the case of the
contested election in Maine; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
And then, on motion by Mr. COBB, of Georgia,
(at twenty minutes to four o'clock,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 25, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterdav was read and approved,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. CtJLLOM,its Clerk:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House of
Representatives to inform the Senate that the
House has passed a joint resolution for supplying
new members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives with such books of a public character
as have been heretofore supplied;
Also, that the House has passed the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 138) for the relief of the distrib-
utees of Colonel William Linn, with amend-
ments, in which they request the concurrence of
the Senate;
Also, that the President of the United States
approved and signed, on the 19th instant, an act
(H. It. No. 156) to define the jurisdiction of th#
district and circuit courts of the United States for
the district of East Tennessee.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 26th ultimo, a
copy of the report, with the maps, of an explora-
tion of the Big Wachita and the head wafers of
the Brazos rivers, made by Captain R. B. Marcy,
of the United States Army, while engaged in
locating lands for the Indians of Texas, in the
year 1834; which, on motion by Mr. Fitzpatrick,
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Durkee to fill the vacancy on the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Jones, of Iowa.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of the
Cleveland Board of Trade, praying thatcopiesof
all public documents, and other works printed by
order of Congress, may be furnished for the use
of the board, and to such other boards of trade
and chambers of commerce as may apply for the
same; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of the
Mayor and citizens of Chicago, Illinois, praying
for an appropriation for the construction of a
harborof refuge and commerce at Michigan City,
on Lake Michigan.
As there is now a bill before the Senate on that
subject, the petition was laid on the table.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Arch-
ange Le Croix, heir of John Baptiste Jerome,
praying for compensation for property destroyed
