THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON", D. G.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1856.
New Series No. 91.
NEBRASKA EXPENSES.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, reported a joint resolution, authorizing
the accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust
the expenses of the board of commissioners, ap-
pointed under joint resolutions of the Territorial
Assembly of Nebraska, to prepare a code of laws
for the government of said Territory; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of theWhole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I move, now, that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to. The House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union, (Mr. Leiter
in the chair,) the business before said committee
being, by special assignment, that relating to the
Territories.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNE-
SOTA.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill first in
order was House bill No. 67, to establish two
additional land districts in the Territory of Min-
nesota.
The bill was read through. It provides for
dividing all that portion of the Territoiy of Min-
nesota which lies north of the line dividing town-
ships forty-five and forty-six, north of the base
line east of the Mississippi river, and north of
the nearest township line, to be determined here-
after by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, west of said river, extending thence west
to the Missouri river, into two additional land
districts, to wit; All that portion lying east of the
line dividing ranges eighteen and nineteen west
of the fourth principal meridian shall constitute a
land district, to be called the northeastern land
district; and all that portion west of the line di-
viding said ranges eighteen and nineteen shall
constitute an additional land district in said Ter-
ritoiy, to be called the northwestern land district
—the location of the offices for which shall be
designated by the President of the United States,
and shall by him, from time to time, be changed,
as the public interests may seem to require.
The bill also makes provision for the appoint-
ment of the nccessary officers, and establishes
the usual regulations for land districts. It also
makes an appropriation of $44,000.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
say that that bill was drawn up in pursuance of
recommendations from the General Land Office.
It is necessary that it should be passed, so that
the lands can be surveyed, and brought into
market. It is reported in the usual form. I pre-
sume there will be 110 objection to it; and I move,
therefore, that it be laid aside to be reported to
the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York, if his committee has
not prepared a bill donating lands to railroads in
that Territory ?
Mr. BENNETT. The Committee on Public
Lands have prepared a bill donating lands to rail-
roads in that Territory.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it proposed to establish
these land offices in the neighborhood of those
lines of railroad?
Mr. BENNETT. It is not.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know, be-
fore we establish these land offices, what lands
we are going to give away—for I take it for
granted that they will inevitably be given away.
1 slfould like to know exactly where this railroad
runs. I think we should know how much land
this railroad proposes to take in that Territory,
before we establish two additional land districts
there. I do not want these districts established
until we get that information.
Now, sir, the patronage of this Government is
large enough already. Instead of increasing that
patronage, I think it would be better to try to
curtail and reduce it. The multitude of offices
already established overwhelms the President
with applications by office-holders; and I hope
we shall multiply them no more; and I do not
see what great necessity there is for passing this
bill at this time, anyhow. The lands in the
country covered by these districts can be entered
in some of the other land offices in the Territory.
I hope we shall see where these railroads are to
be established before we go on to increase the
patronage of the Government any further.
Mr. RICE. I wish to inform the committee
that the districts embraced by this bill are about
as large as the State of Virginia. They are about
seven hundred miles in length; and certainly it
would be a great hardship to compel the settleis
of that Territory to travel that distance to locate
their quarter sections of land.
The gentleman speaks about the Government
patronage being already large enough. We of
the Territory of Minnesota, to our sorrow, are
ready to admit it; but I must say, at the same
time, that when public patronage is extended
Virginia is never behind the other States in pre-
senting her candidates to fill the offices estab-
lished, whether in Minnesota, Nebiaska, or any-
where else.
But this has nothing to do with the bill. This
bill was recommended bv the General Land Office
one year ago, and it was lost at the last session
only for want of time. The people of the Ter-
ritory have paid into the Treasury, at the other
offices, during the past year, upwards of a million
of dollars. When these districts are established,
and the lands surveyed, as much more will be
carried to the Treasury.
In icgard to the raihoad giant, I hope we may
get one; but I think it will be time enough to
fight that bill when it comes up. The present
bill has been recommended by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and by the Secretary
of the Interior. Furthermore, I can add that no
grant is asked for of any land within the proposed
districts, and that none will be asked for at this
session. I hope, therefore, that the bill will be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to amend
the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. Amendment is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out " $4,000," and insert in lieu thereof " $3,000,"
so that, if amended, the bill will read as follows:
Be, Hud the s>amo i> hereby, appiopnated; and for the
salanes of land officois created hy thu act, and for ex-
penses incidental to opening the new offices, the sum of
$3,000.
Mr. RICE. I wish to say, in regard to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, that
the office cannot go into effect unless an appro-
priation is made.
Mr. McMULLIN. Docs the gentleman mean
to say, that this office cannot go into operation
with "a salary to the land officers of $3,000 per
annum ?
Mr. RICE. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office has made the estimate on which the
appropriation is made, and I know the gentleman
will admit that the commissioner has necessarily
more information on the subject than we possibly
can have.
Air. McMULLIN. It does seem to me that
$4,000 is an exorbitant sum, and that §3,000 will
be ample and sufficient. I offer the amendment,
and, if gentlemen choose, they may vote it down.
I do not believe that there will be any difficulty
in filling the offices at that salary.
Mr. RICE. The gentleman is undoubtedly
laboring under a misapprehension. The salary
of these officers is fixed at $51)0 per annum.^ The
remainder is for contingent expenses; and if the
amount is too large it will not all be taken fiom
the Treasury.
Mr. McAlULLIN. Then I prefer that the
money shall be appropriated as it is wanted.
When more is wanted, by letting Congress know
for what it is wanted, I have no doubt it will be
appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. I think the friends of the bill
had better let that portion of the bill which is in-
dicated be stricken out. If the bill becomes a
law, and it is necessary to increase the appropri-
ation for salaries of the land officers, the required
increase can be made in the general appropriation,
bill. And so far as the contingent expenses are
concerned, I have only to say, that an annual
appropriation is made for that purpose; and the
expenses for this particular office can, as well as
not, be taken from the general fund. Any defi-
ciency of appropriation in this bill can be sup-
plied in the general appropriation bill when it
comes up. I hope the bill will be passed imme-
diately.
Mr. RICE. I agree to the gentleman's sug-
gestion; but, while up, I may as well inform the
House that I learn there arc, at present, several
Virginians applying for the offices to be created
under this bill, and the appropriation may be
wanted to defray their expenses to Minnesota. It
was on their account I asked for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. If Virginians present
themselves for office under this Government, and
tliejr are given to them, they are never found un-
qualified for tiiern, or defaulters to the Treasury.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to say a word
in reference to this bill. 1 think the gentleman
from Virginia, if he understood its effect, would
be better pleased with the passage than with the
defeat of the bill. The more land offices are es-
tablished, the greater quanthy of land will be en-
tered; and the sooner the public land is brought
into market, the sooner and the more readily will
the proceeds go to the Treasury of the United
States. The railroad grants which the gentleman
objects to can be better defeated by bringing the
public land to a speedy market, than in any other
way open to the gentleman. If the object of gen-
tlemen be to dispose of the public land at $1 25
per acre, the greater the facilities presented for
its sale the more effectually will that object be
accomplished, and the land taken out of the way
of railroad grants.
But it is known that I have been always friendly
to these railroad grants, and that I am in favor
of them now; and when the proper time comes
for the discussion of this question, I shall be pre-
pared to enter upon it with gentlemen upon this
floor; and I think I shall be able to satisfy them
that, so far as the Treasury of the United States
is concerned, it loses nothing. This, however,
is not the proper time for that discussion; but if
they are anxious to dispose of these lands to
actual settlers, and lo allow the country to be-
come populated and settled, and to prevent rail-
roads from getting any portion of them, the most
effectual way to do it is to pass a bill of this de-
scription, to bring the land into market, to afford
facility for its entry, and then, so far as the Ter-
ritories of Minnesota, Nebraska, and Kansas are
concerned, we shall be troubled with these lands
but for a short period of time.
There are now already issued a large amount
of land warrants, which are seeking a place of
location, and a very large proportion of these
lands will be taken up in a very short period of
time, if you afford facilities for doing it. I can-
not sec why gentlemen, entertaining any opinion
in reference to the policy of disposing of the pub-
lic lands, should oppose the establishment of offi-
ces, so that the lands may he entered. I, for
one, do not see any reason why you should strike
out any portion of the bill.
Mr." JONES, of Tennessee. 1 concur fully
with the gentleman from Virginia, that the fourth
section is improperly placed in this bill. In the
first section provision is made, and the bounda-
ries described, for two additional land districts in
the Territory of Minnesota.
Provision is made, in the second section, for the
appointment of a register and receiver for each
of those districts: It authorizes the President,
whenever in his judgment the public interest
shall require, to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of-the next session of
Congress after such appointment, a register and
