1856.]
APPEffDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
34th Cong....1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
South Carolina. But, sir, he had the money for
his slaves in his pocket, and he never disgorged it.
There is an extraordinary case connected with
this subject which it is right that I should state.
It has some peculiar significance. In the year
1839, a Mr. Ball, who was a rice planter on Cooper
river, at the mouth of which the city of Charles-
ton is built, took passage with his wife, who was
a New England woman, and, as I have always
understood, an exceedingly clever lady- It was
the misfortune of this gentleman and his wife,
that the steamboat in winch they took passage,
the Pulaski, was lost off the coast of North Caro-
lina; she broke in two on the high sea; and, with
the exception of three or four persons, all per-
ished who were on board, and among the rest
this gentleman and his wife. He left a large es-
tate. Who was to get it? Mr. Ball had made a
will, in which he made a large provision for his
wife. The question was, did she survive him?
It" she died first, it was a lapsed legacy; if she
survived him but for a moment, the legacy was
hers, and would go to her heirs.
The case of which I am speaking is known as
the case of Pell vs. Ball. Mr. Pell, who I believe
lived in New York, had married a lady who was
perhaps the sister of Mrs. Ball, or, at any rate,
one of the heirs. He and the other heirs of Mrs.
Ball filed a bill in the court of equity for the nut-
pose of having the benefit of this legacy. The
chancellor decided, on the evidence of a Miss
Lamar, of Georgia, a very extraordinary young
woman of unusual fortitude and presence of mind,
that Mrs.Ball survived, and therefore these claim-
ants, as her heirs-at-law, were entitled to the leg-
acy. That settled the right; and the property,
consisting of over one hundred slaves, was or-
dered by the chancellor to be sold by the master.
Another gentleman, who was equally entitled
with Mr. Pell, attended the sale; and, as I learn
by some papers which I have here—for I was not
there on the day of sale—amongthe negroes to
be sold was a negro man named Frank, with his
family, consisting of a wife and eight children.
It is the uniform order and direction of the court
of equity, that negroes shall be sold in families.
This negro man had been the favorite body
•errant of Mr. Ball. This other gentleman held
some conversation with him on the day of sale.
I# that conversation it was understood that he
promised the negro that, if he would consent to
oe sold separate and apart from his wife and chil-
dren, he would provide for and take care of him.
The woman and the children were put up and bid
for by Mr. Lowndes, a brother-in-law of Gov-
ernor Aiken, of the House of Representatives.
He bought them, not for himself, but for his
overseer. Under the impression that this con-
tract was to be carried out in fairness and in good
spirit, the negro man Prank was put up, and
bought in by the agent of this other gentleman.
Everbody supposed that this was all right and
fair; but, to the utter amazement of the people,
within two or three days afterwards, this man
Frank was offered for sale to anybody who would
buy him. There was indignation expressed
about it which this gentleman could not resist.
He then sold him to Mr. Lowndes, but still must
have fifty dollars for his profit. He pocketed his
fifty dollars and his share of the proceeds of that
■ale, and he returned home. Now, if any one
desires to know who that man was, the letter
which I send to the Secretary's desk, and ask to
"have read, will disclose.
Mr. CLAY. Was he a northern or a southern
man?
Mr. EVANS. You will learn that when you
hear the Ie:ter read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Charleston, June 10,1856.
Mr dear Sib : Yours of the 4th instant, inclosing Mr.
THftny'g letter, has been received. The facts of the case
of Mr. Albert Sumner are substantially correct as stated in
Mr. Tiffany's note. In a conversation with Mr. Tiffany,
when I had the pleasure of seeing him here in February
to, al'uding to the fanatical and political ravings of the
Abolitionists at Washington, I expressed the opinion that
they were actuated by political and sectional jealousy, and
not by motives of phUaathropy, and I incidentally men-
tioned that the instances of the separation of tamilies, so
often rhetorically described, was generally by the agency of
foreigners, who were devoid of that sympathy which exists
between the native-born slaveholder and the slave. In
illustration of my position, I stated to Mr. Tiffany that the
most inhuman and revolting case of the separation of iami- ,
New Series—No. 45:
lies (recently and eloquently alluded to by the Ilun. Charles
Sumner, "to separate husband and wife, and to sell little
children at the auction-block ") that had ever come under
my observation in the course of an experience of upwards
of half a centurVjWas one in which Mr. Albert Sumner, the
brother of the Hon. Charles Sumner, was chief agent.
[Applause, and laughter in the galleries.]
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I insist that
the Chair shall preserve order. If it is necessary
to clear the galleries, I hope it will be effected for
once, so that people may know what belongs to
the proprieties of the Senate. If the Senate is to
be turned into a theater, let us know it. I would
be glad at this time if the Chair would exercise
the authority which belongs to him to clear that
part of the galleries from which the noise ema-
nated.
Mr. WELLER. That would certainly be very
unfair. There could not be more than two or three
persons engaged in the disturbance, and I should
nate very much to see the whole gallery cleared
because there happened to be two or three disor-
I derly persons in the Senate Chamber. It is rarely
you will find so large an assemblage as this that
does not contain some persons who do not know
how to behave themselves. If the applause had
been a general thing, it would be proper to clear
the galleries; but it was confined to two or three
persons—not more than that—and I hope, there-
fore, that no notice will be taken of the matter,
and that there will be no further disturbance in
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BiGLERin
the chair.) The Secretary will proceed with the
reading of the letter. _
The Secretary continued, as follows:
Upon Mr. Tiffany's expressing much surprise, I told
bim that 1 was present on the occasion ; that if at any time
he should think proper to mention the fact, he might give
me as his authority. Being referred to, I will, in conformity
with your request, furnish you with the details as far as my
memory serves me. In the winter of 1844, Mr. Albert
Sumner became entitled by marriage to a distributive share
of the estate of Mr. and Mrs. S. Ball, of this State, by a
decree of the court of equity in the case of Pell and Ball.
At a sale of the negroes, in pureuance of the order of the
court, I was present, and remarked that Mr. Sumner was
very active in the management and arrangement of the sale.
Among the negroes was a man servant remarkable for his
fidelity to his former master, who by the officer of the court
was advertised to be sold, as is customary, with his family.
Our friend, Mr. Charles T. Lowndes, proceeded to the sale
with the intention of purchasing the aforesaid family, (for
his overseer,) but to the surprise and indignation of Mr.
Lowndes and the other bystanders, it was discovered that
the father had been withdrawn and sold separately from his
family, by the direction of Mr. Sumner, under promise, as
was understood, of great indulgence in consideration nf his
past services. Unaer these circumstances he was purchased
by Mr. Sumner or his agent at a moderate rate. But in
a very short time afterwards he was offered for sale by
Mr. Sumner to more than one gentleman at a price muck
beyond that at which Mr. Sumner had purchased him. But
these gentlemen having refiised to aid and abet a specula-
tion so monstrous, and Mr. Sumner having ascertained that
Mr. Lowndes had purchased the family, offered the servant
at a price beyond that at which he had purchased him. Mr.
Lowndes fiually acceded, having the satisfaction of restor-
ing the father to his family. It is a circumstance worthy
of being mentioned that, in replying to Mr. Sumner, Mr.
Lowndes, with the feelings which fill the bosom of a slave-
holder who feels himself to be the protector and benefactor
of his slaves, took the occasion of expressing, in a letter,
(which he submitted to Colonel Ashe and myself,) his
denunciation of the proceeding in teruis that would have
aroused a southern gentleman.
The above, as far as my memory serves me is a true and
unvarnished account of the case to which Mr. Tiffany al-
luded. The circumstances are impressed upon my memory
from the fact of my having been particularly acquainted
with them at the time, having been in consultation with
Mr. Lowndes, and as events which do violence to one's
feelings are calculated to make an impression.
I will call upon Mr. Lowndes for a statement of the cir-
cumstances, as far as he recollects them, and I may prob-
ably delay this to go simultaneously with his.
I am, dear sir, with esteem and respect, yours truly,
WILLIAM B. PHINGLE.*
Hon. William Aiieh, House of Representative*.
Mr. EVANS. Oh that letter I have no com-
ment to make, and here I take my leave of the
subject of slavery.
sir, I have been at the North. I have seen
much, very much, there to admire; I have seen
some things that I should be glad my country-
men would avail themselves of. I doubt not, if
northern gentlemen (I believe very few—none
but invalids and commercial men—ever visit our
country) would come among us, and see our in-
stitutions—if they were to see how practically
this form of civilization operates there, very much
of their prejudice would oe removed.
* There are several other letters to the same cflfect.
There is nothing that I look upon with so much
horror as the sectional jealousy which is fanning
every day, and will shortly be "fanned into a blaze,
I fear, between the two sections of the country.
There is nothing that I could do, consistent with
duty and consistent with honor, which I would
j not do to prevent it. I am no prophet; I would
: avoid, as far as I can, to look into tne dark future
which these things seem to indicate. I have often
had occasion to say that I am a hopeful man; that
I never look upon the dark side of things if I
, can possibly avoid it, but it is impossible that I
, should conceal from myself what the poet says,
that
"Coming events cast their shadows before."
Mr. President, I come now to a part of this
discussion which I would very willingly pass
over. In the second section, as I divide it, of the
Senator's [Mr. Sumner] speech, he says that
" The constitution of South Carolina is repub-
lican in name only;" that were the whole history
of South Carolina blotted from existence, from
its very beginning down to the day of the last
election of my honored colleague on this floor—
! " civilization might lose, I will notsayhow little, but surely
less than it has already gained by the example of Kansas,
; in its valiant struggle against oppression, and in the devel-
! opment of a new scheme of emigration."
These are a few only of many similar sentences
in the Senator's speech. Sir, is the State of South
Carolina to be vilified in this way—to be vituper-
ated ? Is my honored colleague to be held up to
ridicule—compared to Don Quixote? and is it to
be said of him that
" there was no extravagance of the ancient parliamentary
debate wiiicL he did not repeat; nor was there any possible
deviation from truth which he did not make, with so much
of passion, I am glad to add, as to save him from the sus-
picion of intentional aberration. But the Senator touches
nothing which he does not disfigure—with error, sometimes
of principle, sometimes of fact. He shows an incapacity of
accuracy, whether in stating the Constitution or in stating
j the law, whether in the details of statistics or the diversions
! of scholarship. He cannot ope his mouth, but out there
flies a blunder ?"
And yet, sir, this is what the Senator says, on
his oath before the committee of the other House,
was only a just reply to what my colleague had
said! If you examine my colleague's speech,
you will find that personally to Mr. Sumner he
has said nothing, except about two years ago,
when he was making a furious speech against the
fugitive slave law, my colleague asked him that,
suppose Congress were to repeal the fugitive slave
law, would Massachusetts, or he might have said
you—meaning the people of Massachusetts—en-
force the Constitution under which we claim this
right; and then issued forth that burst of elo-
j quence, " Is thy servant a dog, that he should
do this thing?"
I The only imputation I have been able to find
| in his speech on the State of Massachusetts—
i the only thing said at which Massachusetts, or
: any son of Massachusetts, could take offense,
! was a statement that, at the period when the
j emancipation of slavery took place in Massa-
j chusetts, little negroes were given away like
puppies. That is to be found in her own histo-
rian; my colleague was quoting from him. The
only other thing which he said was that New
England had had a fugitive slave law at some
former period of her history. The other Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] denies
that. I have the evidence here. It is true it
might not apply to African slavery, but it ap-
plied to Indian slavery, which was the same in
principle. This is an extract from " the Con-
federacy of the New England colonies of Mas-
sachusetts, Plymouth, Connecticut, and New
Haven, adopted 1643." This was just at the
time when some war—I think it was the Pequod
war—was about to be undertaken. Article four
provides that the expenses of all wars are to be
paid by contributions of each colony, according td
their polls; " and according to the different charge
of each jurisdiction or plantation, the whole ad-
vantage of the war, (if it please God so to bless
their endeavors,) whether it be in land, goods,
or persons, shall be proportionably divided among
the said confederates.
In other words, all the "lands they should ac-
quire from the Indians by conquest, all the goods
of which they should possess themselves, ana
all the captives—" persons"—should be divided
