706
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
among all the confederates. As I said before,
I do not refer to this as a crime in these people;
very far from it. This was 1" 1 •T, Arch
Tn 1706 when that good old man, John Arch-
dale was Governor of South Carolina, an honest
old Quaker, this trade was carried on to a very
]arcre extent. The Indians, who before that time
had burned and massacred their captives, finding
they had a market for them, carried them into
Charleston, and sold them. This old man, this
good old Q.uaker, purchased as many as his
means enabled him to purchase, and sent them
back to their native country. In the early his- |
tory of the colonies an Indian was thought no
more of than a brute. His rights were not looked
to as things to be thought of. Whenever he came
in contact with a white man lie had to give way.
It was the popular sentiment of the times, ana 1
impute it to no man as a sin. But, sir, these
good people of New England, anticipating that
iome of the Indians might run away, provided
this, which is very much like a fugitive slave law:
«It is also agreed, that if any servant run away from his
master into any of these confederate jurisdictions, that 111
such case, upon certificate of one magistrate in the juris-
diction out of which such servant fled, or upon other proof,
the said servant shall be delivered either to his master,
or any other that pursues and brings such certificate or
proof."
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the date of that ?
Mr. EVANS. Sixteen hundred and forty-
three. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] says that was anterior to the introduc-
tion of any slaves from Africa. I am not aware
of the fact myself, but probably it is so; but that
makes no difference. There can be no question
of the language. It was designed for the Indians,
because it is in the very articles of confederation,
in which they agreed that all the advantages of
the war in land, goods, or prisoners, should be
for the common benefit.
Mr. BUTLER. And no trial by jury was
allowed.
Mr. EVANS. I have no disposition to con-
sume the time of the Senate by any further re-
marks on the subject. I think the evidence is
very satisfactory, (at least it is to my mind,) that
this was an aggressive assault on the part of the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner.] which
nothing can justify.
As to the consequences which followed—and
which unhappily occurred in the Senate Cham-
ber—as that matter is pending in a different tri-
bunal, and before a different body, I do not think
it necessary that I should say anything further
than this: that I regret it for one reason—I do
not say for any other—I regret it for the reason
that it has given occasion to the grossest misrep-
resentations and aggravations that can be con-
ceived of. I have seen, in most of the accounts
which I have read—I do not say it is so in the
proceedings of the State Legislatures—the trans-
action so shadowed forth and presented that one
would have supposed the President of the Senate
was in his chair at the time. There is not a
word said from which you would draw the in-
ference that the Senate was not in session. I un-
derstand there are pictures circulating—-perhaps
in Washington—in which Mr. Sumner is repre-
sented as down upon the ground—I do not know
that it represents him as holding up his hands
begging for mercy—and Mr. Brooks as standing i
over him with a club, and beating him when j
down. Everybody knows that is not so. Sir, j
I saw that affair. I did not see the first blow, j
but I saw all after the first, or second, or third |
blow, and I know as well what transpired as j
anybody else. I do not know who was present. '
The thing was done so soon, and there was so I
much confusion, that I did not know the Senator j
from Connecticut [Mr. Poster] was present,
although he was sitting immediately behind me.
I take leave of that subject now.
The next point to which I propose to call the
attention of the Senate is that part of the Sen-
ator's speech in which he boasted that the pro-
ductive industry of the State of Massachusetts
exceeded three times the value of the whole cot-
ton crop of the United States. That is a matter
of calculation. I haue troubled myself some to
look into it, and I will state the result of my ex-
amination. I do not know that I understand the
exact meaning of the Senator when he speaks of
productive industry; but I presume that produc-
tive industry is that which labor produces out
of capital; and when, therefore, he speaks of
productive industry, he means that the inter-
! est which capital yields, with the profits of the
■ labor, amounts to three times the value of the
1 cotton crop. According to the census of 1850, the
: value of the cotton exported in that year was
$112,315,317. There were consumed in the Uni-
i ted States seven hundred thousand bales, which,
i at $35 a bale—less than it really brought—would
| amount to $24,500,004. These items together
| make up the sum of $136,815,317. According
j to the census, on page 179, the product of all
I the manufacturing and mechanic arts of Mas-
sachusetts was $151,137,145. If to this you add,
for the fisheries, $6,606,849, you have a total of
$157,743,994. It appears from the census, that
the raw material used in these manufactures
was of the value of $85,856,771. Deducting this
from the total, the result is the avails of labor in
all these various departments. According to this
subtraction, the productive industry of Massachu-
setts, in 1850, was $71,887,223, or $64,928,094
less than one year's cotton crop. According
to the census, the number of hands employed in
manufacturing, mining, and the mechanic arts,
was one hundred and fifty-five thousand nine
hundred and thirty-eight; in the fisheries, eleven
thousand five hundred and twenty-three; making
in all one hundred and sixty-seven thousand four
hundred and one. If you divide the $71,887,223,
which is the product after deducting the raw ma-
terial, by one hundred and sixty-seven thousand
four hundred and one, the whole number of labor-
ers, every person employed, including men,
y --- O -
women, and children, must have earned $430
each. Whether that is true or not, I do not know.
This statement, however, as far as I know,
does not include those persons employed in ship
building, in the marine of Massachusetts, and in
merchandise. Whether they are included or not,
does not clearly appear from the census; but sup-
pose they are not included: then, according to the
census, the whole number of occupations in Mas-
sachusetts is two hundred and ninety-five thou-
sand three hundred—a little more than one
third of her whole population. If you multiply
that number, $430, which each person employed
in manufactures seems to have earned, it gives
you a total of #126,979,090, being $9,936,317 less
than the product of one year's cotton crop.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Sumner referred to the
productive industry of Massachusetts, according
to the statistics of 1855, which have lately been
published.
Mr. EVANS. I speak from the public records.
The whole population of the State of Massachu-
setts, according to the census of 1850, was nine
hundred and eighty-five thousand four hundred
and fifty. Three times the value of the annual
cotton crop is $410,445,951. If you divide this
sum by every living being in Massachusetts—
from the child in its mother's arms to the grand-
father, tottering on the brink of the grave, each
one of them would have earned, or would repre-
sent, $436. I leave it to those who have common
sense to decide whether that can be true.
But, Mr. President, suppose these things are
rue: is it anything remarkable that Massachu-
setts, and perhaps? ought to say some adjoining
portion of New England, should have outstripped
all the rest of the world in their productive indus-
try ? I hold in my hand an estimate of the fish
bounties which have been paid out of the public
Treasury from 1820 to 1838, a period of nineteen
years. During that time, $4,599,266 were paid out
of the public Treasury for the fisheries alone.
These bounties began as far back as 1791. The
first, as I learn from looking at the acts of Congress,
was a bounty of twenty cents upon every barrel of
fish exported, and a drawback for every bushel
of salt which was consumed in it. At that time, it
will be remembered, the duty on salt was high-
twenty cents a bushel. Thus, upon every barrel
offish which was exported, the exporter received
thirty cents for the barrel, and a drawback on the
salt, which was, perhaps, twenty cents. Any-
how, these duties in nineteen years amounted to
$4,599,266; and if it could be computed up to this
time, there can be no doubt that there has been
paid out of the public Treasury $10,000,000,
| three fourths of which have gone to Massachu-
! setts for the purpose of protecting one branch of
her industry.
From 1816 up to this time, all her manufac-
tures have been protected by heavy duties. How-
much benefit she has derived from them I do not
know, bui I suppose it has been very great, from
the present condition of her manufactures. I
heard a gentleman, who professed to know some-
thing on that subject, say, during the last Con-
gress, that the profits arising from manufactures
was at least fifteen per cent. then. Whether it is
so yet, I do not know. This is all I have to say
on that subject.
The next point to which I wish to direct atten-
tion is, that it is imputed to South Carolina as a
sin—and I hope she will never have any greater
one to answer for—that she requires a pecuniary
qualification for her members of the Legislature.
That is true, and I trust it will be many a day
before that feature in her constitution be abol-
ished. By the constitution of 1790, it was pro-
! vided:
" Every free white man, of the age of twenty-one years,
being a citizen of this State, and having resided therein two
years previous to the day of election, and who hath a free-
hold of fifty acres of land, or a town lot, of which he liath
been legally seized and possessed, at least six months be-
fore. such election, or, not having such freehold or town lot,
hath been a resident in the election district in which he
offers to vote six months before the said election, and hath
pMd a tax the preceding year of three shillings sterling to-
wards the support of this government, shall have a right to
vote for a member, or members, to serve in either branch
of the Legislature for the election district in which he
holds such property, or is so resident."
About 1808 our people grew wiser, as some
thought, and altered that part of the constitution,
so that now every man in the State has a right
to vote if he has been two years in the State and
has resided six months in the election district.
It is true, that, if he has property in another dis-
trict than that in which he lives, he can vote
where that property is situated, or where he
both. Compare that with
resides, but not in
Massachusetts.
" Every male person, (being twenty-one years of age,
and resident of any particular town in this Commonwealth
for the space of one year next preceding,) having a free-
hold estate within the same town, of the annual income
of three pounds,or any estate of the value of sixty pounds,
■hall have a right to vote in the choice of a representative,
or representatives, for the said town." ^
That is the Massachusetts constitution of 1789.
In 1820 it was altered; and no other qualification
for a voter is now required in Massachusetts
except that he pay a tax. Aristocratic and anti-
Democratic as the constitution of South Carolina
is represented to be, we allow our people to vote
without paying any tax, and a very large portion
of those who vote upon residence alone are not
tax payers at all. All the taxes of South Caro-
lina are levied upon lands, negroes, stock in
trade, bank stock, (and that not until recently,)
professional income, and some other things of
that sort. I am sure that if the Legislature of
South Carolina were to impose a poll-tax, too,
j we should have a rebellion in our State equal to
I that of Captain Shay's at least, who refused to
1 pay the tax because he did not assent to it. Sir,
' a poll-tax is what we call a free-negro tax; and,
as a Senator from Mississippi once said here, a
white man in our country is a white man. I am
not sure what might be the result if the Legis-.
1 lature were to attempt to put a poll-tax on our
people. But, sir, let that pass.
I I come now to the representative feature:
! " No person shall be eligible to a seat in the House of
i Representatives unless he is a free white man of the age of
j twenty-one years, and hath been a citizen and resident in
this State three years previous to his election. If a resident
in the election district, he shall not be eligible to a seat in
the House of Representatives unless he be legallyseized
and possessed, in his own right, of a settled freehold estate
' of five hundred acres of land, and ten negroes
j I suppose, when the Senator from Massachu-
setts got to the ten negroes, he thought there must
. be something terrible behind, and therefore he did
j not look any further.
' Mr BUTLER. He did not quote that at all;
he got to the word " land," and then the Senator
from Massachusetts said " or instead of and,
so that he did not quote it right.
Mr. EVANS. The remaining part of the sen-
16I1C6 IS*
« or of a real estate of the value of £150 sterling, clear of
debt."
