74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 80,
Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Bocock, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buftinton, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Camp-
bell. Carhte, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Howell Cobb,
WiHiamson R W. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Damreli, Henry
Winter Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmundson, Edwards, Etheridge, Faulkner, Flagler,Flor-
ence, Thorn ts J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison
Harris, S.imp-on \V. Hams, Tboraaa L. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Holloway,ThomasR. Horton,
Houston, Huglwton, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kehy, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander IC. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel 3. Marshal!, Matteson, Maxwell, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrill, Murray, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Peck, Pettit,
Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ritchie, Roberts,Ruffin,
Sabin, Scott, Seward, Shorter, William Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Stewart, Stranahau, Taibott, Tappan, Todd,
Trafton, Walker, Warner, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Winslow, Woodvvorth, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—112.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DUNN. There is palpable indication that
the two Houses cannot agree on the Army bill,
and that neither will take up any other business;
and I therefore hope there will be no objection to
the following resolution:
Resoloed, That when this House adjourns on Monday
next, (the Senate concurring.) it adjourn to meet again on
Thursday preceding the first Monday m December next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. WALKER. I object.
Mr. HAYEN. I believe my motion is now in
order?
The SPEAKER. The motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar, is still pending.
Mr. HAVEN". Utu!<-r the ind icaLioiig that the
two Houses will not agree upon the Army hill, I
hope we shall go into committee, and go to work
like men.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr, WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas tf7, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Altera, Alison, B.jII, IJ,ueJa\, tt,u k.-d;i!e.
Beiifon, Ihlhiighui->L Bingham, lh.->hop, I>ti--, J ouu>
Holer, Broom, Bnrtinton, Jaine-, fl Campbell, j.* })'
Campbell, Er.ia Claik, ('lineman,Collar, CommsCovode,
Cragm,Cnuge, Ileniv Winter Davis.,Timoiby Davis, Den-
ver, Do Wnt, Diek, l)i ekfcon, Dodd, Durlee, Hdie, Lmzir,
F.usolis Evans, Flatter, Thomas J. I). Fnllei, Guiding,
Goode, Greenwood, Giow, Sampson W. Darns, Howard,
Jewctt, Lake, Leitei, Letcher, Mace, Alexander K. Mai-
fihall, Maxwell, lYfeAlullm, Kdliau Miller, Miliwaul, Moi-
gan, Morrill, Parker, I'eltou, Pennington, Phelps, Uuitm.in,
Undue, Robbins, Ku-r, Sabm, Sandidije, Sapp, Sherman,
SimmoiiM, William Smith, William K Smith, Spimiei,
Stephens, Stranahan, Thoungton, Trairon. Tvson. Vatl,
Wade, Wakeman, U'allmdiic, Walker, Cadwuladci C.
Wahhburne, Klhhu B. Wa-4ihutne, Israel Wa^hhutn,
Wheeler, Wood, ami Darnel H Wright—i?".
NAYS—Mes«i* Aiken, Albnght, Daiboni, I5e.II, Homy
Bennett, llfi; lley S. lieuiunt, Boeoek, Btadshaw. Branch,
Bientou, Bui tu n, O.ulwaludei, John P. Campbell. CailiJe,
Caskie, Chart'ee, dawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Coy, Crawl'oid, Cnmhack, Damreli, Davidson,
Dean, Dowdell, Dunn, EdmundfOn, EdwauK ttthendge,
Faulkner, Fioienee, Galloway, Guiuger, Austin Ilall,
Italian, .1. II.imi-, Thoma-, L. Harris, Hanson
Haven, iiickm-'ui, Hodman, Holloway, Thomas K. Hoi ton!
Hon ton, llugh^ton, Geoigr \V. ,hm< >, J. <;janey .Jones,
Kelly, Ivel-e\, Knapp, Kmghl, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Lumpkm. Iiumphiey Mar.^hall, Samuel S. IWai.-hall, Matte-
son, MeCairy, lUeGiuccn, Smith ."Miller, MilNon, Mott,
Murray, Noifou, Andiew Oliver, Moidoeni Oliver, Ort,
Packer, Peek, Pcftif, Poitor, Powell. Pringle, Purvear,
Kteand, I?iver>, Roberts, Ituflin. Seott, Sewaid. Shorter,
Bamuei A. Smith. Sneed, Stanton, Stew.iri, Talhon. Tap-
pm, Tavlor, Todd, Undeiwood, WaUlron, Warner, Welch,
Wells, Whitney, William-, Win-low, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—103.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York, ;
that the House resolve itself into the Committee I
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
•Mr. WALI3RIDGE. I move that when the ,
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next. :
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House ■
do now* adjourn. j
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I de- j
mand the yeas and nays. |
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. What has become of
my motion ? I call for a vote upon it.
Mr. COBB. I raise the point of order, that the
motion of the gentleman from Michigan is not in
order. I simply desire to suggest to the Chair,
that if that motion is entertained immediately suc-
ceeding a motion to adjourn over until Monday,
it will be impossible for this House ever to ad-
journ as long as there are two gentlemen in the
House to repeat those motions.
The SPEAKER. It is apparent that the mo-
tion is not in order.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. Then I move that when
the House adjourns, H adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock, on Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say that, if the
House vote down the motion to adjourn, I shall
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of taking up the President's message, and there
maturing another Army appropriation bill.
^ The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 88; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barks-
dale, Bell. Bingham. Bliss, Bianch, Buffinton, Burnett,
Lewis D. Campbell, Howell Cobb, Comins, Cragin, Craige,
Crawiord, Cumbaek, Damreli, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis>, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee,
Edie, Edmundson, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Gtddmga, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow,
Harlan, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Houston, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones, Kellv, Kel.-ey, Knapp, Lake, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. MaNial!, Matteson, Maxwell, Mc-
ciueen. Smith Miller, Moigan, Morrill. Munay, Norton,
On Parker, Parker, Oiutinan, Ritelne, Ilulhn, Sabin, San-
diu e, Sapp, Savage, Shoitei, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan,
Ta> lor, Thurston, Ti-on, Vail, Wade, Welch, Wells,
Wlnrnev, Williams, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wnght, John
V. Wnght, and Zoiheolier— 90.
NAYS—Me^rs. Altera., Baielay, Henry Bennett, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Benson, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Cadwahuler, James II. Campbell, John
P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clasv-
fcon, Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cubb, Colfax, Covode,
Cox, Timothy Davn, l)e Witt, Dickson, Emne, Etheridge,
Etifctis, Evans, Faulkner, Augustus Halt, J. Mornson Har-
ris, Sampson W. H.niw, Thomas L. llarus, Ilairison,
Haven, Hickman, Uoflmun, Howard, Hushston, J. Glancy
Jom*, King, Knight, Knowlton, Knox/Kunkel, Leirer,
MeCarty, McMullut, MilLon, Millward, Andiew Oliver,
Mordeem Olivet, Pclton, Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Pike,
Powell, Pnngle, Puiyeai, Rteaud, Bobbins, Sage, Seott,
Seward, Sheiman, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner. Stewart,
Taibott, Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Wakeman, Waibndge,
Ualdion, Walker, Warner, Cadwahuler C. Wa^hburne,
Llhim l>. Washhinne, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Wood,
and Woodiuff— f'8.
So the motion wns agreed to.
Pending- the call of tin; loll,
Mr. BALL stated, that he had paired otf for
the remainder of the session with Mr. Lintdi.ey.
The House accoidin^ly (at fifteen minutes past
two o 'clock) adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.  
IN SENATE.
Saturday, .lugust 30, 1836.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen' P. Hill.
Tile J" ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYES.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. As I observe that
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clapton] is not
in his place, and not able to be here, I wish to
call up a resolution submitted by him, for the
payment of the usual extra compensation to the -
employes of the Senate. I move that it be taken |
up for consideration.
_ Mr. MASON. 1 hope the Senate will not con-
sider that resolution. We know very well, that
some two years ago, with the view of getting rid :
of these gratuities, or bounties, which'were lav- 1
ishly paid in both wings of the Capitol, a com- 1
mittee was raised, at my instance, of which I had j
• the honor to be chairman—and I remember that!
| the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] and the '
j Senators from Delaware were members of that
committee—for the purpose of giving permanency '
! to the organization of the employes of this body, .
1 and fixing their salaries under a permanent organ- 1
ization. The salaries of all were increased. 'They1
were graded; and they were so far increased, j
according to my recolicction, as to add to the :
salary the usual allowances at the end of the ses- |
sion. I had hoped no movement of this kind
would be made; and I am gratified to say that,
since it has been made, more than one of the offi-
cers of the Senate have come to me, and told me
that it was not only done without their approval,
but in some instances against their remonstrances.
It is wrong; and the result will inevitably be, if I
can be heard, or attain the end, if this movement
be successful, to reduce the salaries of the officers,
in order to meet this new scheme of bounties and
gratuities. I hope it will not be considered, at
least at the close of the session.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I believe the reso-
lution was taken up for consideration and laid on
the table before. I will only say a word in vindi-
cation of the course I have taken on this subject.
It is p. matter belonging to our own quasi domestic
relations—our connection with the clerks and
other employes of the Senate. They are now
placed in a somewhat singular position. They
stand, by law, in the same situation, as to salary,
as the employes of the other House, both having
been regulated at the same time. The House of
Representatives having made the usual extra
allowance to the clerks and other employes en-
gaged in the service of that body, it seemed to
me to be an unjust and cruel discrimination to
withhold it from those in our own service. I
place it on that ground simply. I think it is a
fair and proper one for consideration. Without
entering into a debate on this question, I propose
that the Senate shall take the vote whether they
will consider it, or not.
Mr. MASON. I have heard that the House
had departed from a sort of implied or tacit un-
derstanding, which I think was had between the
two Houses at the time when the salaries of the
officers were rearranged and permanency was
given to the organization; but if they have done
so, I think it is an example to be shunned, and
not followed, by us. This principle of gratuities
and bounties, to any body of men whatever, it
seems to me, is wrong in itself. Compensate
them liberally and justly for the services which
are rendered; and 1 think I may say there is no
corps of officers who are better compensated,
according to the usual scaleof compensation,than
the officers of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. The grade was made at the time of
that organization by placing a large number of
those officers on a permanent footing as officers
of this body. TJiey are not officers who may be
deranged and thrown out of employment each
session; the object was to make them permanent;
snHries Wc.ro given to them instead of per diem
v\' \ *cs. I speak of a portion of them alone.
• :t the fact be that the House of Rcpresent-
Vw'-.o. has departed from that system, I think it
" '.i' omc us rather to set them an example than
t • • \v one which 1 consider wrong.
t .ic PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senatoi from Tennessee
to take up the icsolution for consideration.
The motion was not agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to call up a resolu-
tion that I offered last week, asking for inform-
ation from the Secretary of the Interior. It was
objected to then. It is simply a resolution ask-
ing the Secretary to advise us, at the next ses-
sion, what will be the probable amount requi-
site to pay the commutation money, if the hill
introduced by the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Evan's] .should become a law.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. Th e resolution
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior he directed
to report to the Senate, at the commencement of the next
session of Congress, as accurately as practicable, the
amount that will be required to pay the allowances pio-
po-sed to be made by the bill passed by the House ot Rep-
resentatives, at the la^t be& ion, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the settlement of the claims of the officers of the
revolutionary army, and of the widows and orphan chil-
dren of those who died in the service.>J
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of Mr. Clayton's reso-
lution, to raise a special committee of seven Sen-
ators and eleven Representatives to consider and
arrange the difference between the two Houses
in regard to the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to explain that my object
