1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
The obvious meaning is, that if he has a free-
hold of five hundred acres and ten negroes in pos-
session, though he may owe as much as life is
worth, he is eligible; but if he hjis a freehold
estate of £150 clear of debt, that is all that is
required.
For the Senate there is a larger property qual-
ification; for the Governor a still larger one; and
that is the constitution of the State of South Car-
olina now, and I have never heard even a dema-
in my country find any fault with it thus
' et us go back to Massachusetts. There,
for a Senator, there is this qualification:
" 5. Provided, nevertheless, That no person shall be ca-
pable of being elected a Senator, who is not seized in his
own right of a freehold within this Commonwealth of the
value of £300 at least, or possessed of personal estate to
the value of £600 at least, or of both to the amount of the
same sum; and who has not been an inhabitant of this
Commonwealth for the space of five years immediately pre-
ceding Ins election ; and, at the time of his election, he shall
be an inhabitant in the district for which he is chosen."
The qualification for a member of the House
of Representatives is:
" Every member of the House of Representatives shall be
chosen bj written votes; and for one year at least next pre-
ceding his election shall liav« been an inhabitant of, and
have been seized in his own right of a freehold of the value
of £100 within, the town he shall be chosen to represent,
or any ratable estate, to the value of £300; and he shall
cease to represent the said town immediately on his censing
to be qualified as aforesaid."
These extracts are from a book called " The
American Constitutions," belonging to the library
of Congress, and dated in 1849. So far as appears
from this book, or so far as I have been able to
get any information, this property qualification
required by the constitution of Massachusetts in
1780 exists to the present day. It is true that in
1820 they altered their constitution so far as
related to the qualification of voters; but if there
has been any change in the pecuniary qualifica-
tion of members of the Legislature, it has been
since Massachusetts has had new light shining
on her—since 1820.
Mr. WILSON. The provisions of the consti-
tution which the Senator from South Carolina
quotes have been amended; and no property qual-
ification whatever exists in Massachusetts in
regard to Senators or Representatives. There is
a property qualification, however, in regard to
the Governor of the Commonwealth, but not in
regard to members of the Legislature.
Mr. EVANS. I do not doubt that it may be
so. New lights have been dawning on the people
of this country from time to time, but I doubt if
they are any wiser now than they were in 1780.
[Laughter.] So much, sir, for this aristocratic
constitution of the State of South Carolina—a
constitution which the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. SdmneeJ said was only republican in
form. Well, sir, if it is republican in form, it
carries the substance along with it. It suits us,
and I do not suppose any one else has a right to
complain.
I come now to a subject which I approach
more unwillingly than any other. The Senator
from Massachusetts says that the State of Mas-
sachusetts, in the war of the Revolution, fur-
nished more men for the armies than the whole
of the slave States put together. There is some-
thing in the statistics which are to be found in
the Senator's speech two years ago; and there is
something to be found in a book, the author of
which is a man by the name of Sabine, who pro-
fesses to give you an account of the Royalists
in this country, from which that inference may
be drawn, unless the matter be closely scrutin-
ized. I have not looked into this subject with
any view to this discussion; for, although these
things had been uttered here in my hearing
two years ago, and when I had the proof, and
coula at any time have furnished it, that it was
altogether a mistake; yet, as the time had passed
by, I deterAiined to say nothing about it. When
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
a month ago, reiterated it here, I then determined
that I would reply; but after what occurred sub-
sequently to that, I determined to say nothing
about it. But when the Senator now present
[Mr. Wilson] reiterated it, and when, as I
understand, a member of the House of Represent-
atives, within a day or two past, has thought
proper to enter the same arena, and thinks honor
I is to be gained, not merely by praising Massa-
! chusetts, but by vilifying South Carolina, I have
1 felt it my duty to put this thing right. In the
1 course of the investigation which I have been
: obliged to make, connected with my duty as one
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, I
have gathered a vast deal of information in rela-
tion to this matter, and I now beg leave to pre-
sent it. *
Up to May, 1775, although there was an Amer-
! ican Congress in session, that Congress had no
army, and did not attempt to exercise any con-
trol over it. After the battle of Lexington, some
fifteen or twenty thousand men from New Eng-
land, acting under some resolution of the New
England States, assembled. In May, as blood
had been shed, and we were likely to enter into
| a contest which was to involve us all, and as the
spirit of the times was to unite all our means and
all our forces, Congress took this army of New
England, three fourths of whom came from Mas-
sachusetts, into their pay. On the 15th day of
June, 1775, General Washington was appointed
to the command of that army. Not many days
afterwards, major generals in the army, and
brigadiers, were elected. General Washington
arrived in Cambridge some time early in July.
The first move which Congress made in reference
to the army was in reference to this army before
Boston, from which they determined that the
commander-in-chief should select the necessary
number of troops, not exceeding twenty-two
thousand. They were under the control of Con-
gress, as far as tney could control them by a com-
mander-in chief, but all their regiment and com-
pany officers were appointed by the States.
Things remained in this situation until Sep-
tember, 1776, when Congress determined to raise
an army unconnected with the States, and resolved
that the army should consist t>f eighty-eight bat-
talions. These battalions were divided among
the States. Massachusetts had fifteen; Virginia
i had fifteen; Pennsylvania twelve; Maryland eight;
j North Carolina eight or ten—I do not recollect
I which; and South Carolina six. The eighty -
| eight battalions, estimating them at six hundred
men to a battalion, would make an army of fifty-
two thousand eight hundred men. That was by
far the greatest army Congress ever attempted to
raise, and that, according to the best testimony I
can get, was never half raised.
In March, 1779, being unable to raise all these
troops, Congress determined upon a new organ-
ization of battalions, to be reduced to eighty. This,
at six hundred men for a battalion, would make
an army of forty-eight thousand. Of these eighty,
Massachusetts had fifteen, Virginia fifteen, South
Carolina six, being exactly the same number
as before, though there was a total reduction.
Besides, there were some light troops. These
were commanded mostly by foreign officers. A
bounty of $250 was given to each man who
would enlist to serve during the war. I ought
to have stated that, by the resolution of 1776, !
the eighty-eight battalions were to be raised to
serve during the war, but they never were.
The next organization was on February 3,1780.
By a resolution, the army was to consist of
thirty-five thousand two hundred and eleven,
exclusive of commissioned officers. Massachu-
setts had six thousand and seventy; Virginia six
thousand and seventy; South Carolina two thou-
sand four hundred and thirty, in exactly the same
ratio as the former.
On the 4th of October, 1780, anew organization
took place, to take effect on the 1st of January,
1781. The independent corps were abolished.
The army was to consist of forty-eight regiments
of infantry, four regiments of cavalry, four of
artillery, a German regiment commanded by Col-
onel Hazen, and a regiment of artificers, making
in all fifty-nine. Of these, Massachusetts had
ten of infantry, and one of artillery, making
eleven. Virginia had eight of infantry, one of
artillery, and two of cavalry, making eleven.
South Carolina had only two regiments of in-
fantry. This, it will be remembered, was in
October, 1780, after the surrender of Charleston,
and the capture of her troops. Indeed, the whole
State might be considered in the possession of
the enemy.
Now, sir, I come to the point. Of this army
the Senator says, nearly sixty-eight thousand
were furnished by Massachusetts. I think I
might say, that is two thirds of all the soldiers
in the field from the beginning to the end of the
Revolution, excluding that army before Boston,
of which I shall give some account hereafter; and
1 yet that is the position. There is no difficulty
, about this. New England began by enlistments
of one year; the first troops which she enlisted
were enlisted, I suppose, when they congregated
atCambridge,after tnebattle of Lexington, which
was on the 19th of April, 1775. On looking into
the Washington letters, it will be perceived that
the period of service of this whole body of troops
ended on the 1st of January following; so that
they could not have been enlisted for more than
eight months. When that time expired, a very
large portion of those men were enlisted again,
ana served for another year, to the beginning of
the year 1777. So far as I can gather—and I have
looked very diligently at authorities—the troops
of Virginia, of Pennsylvania, of Maryland, of
South Carolina, and,' probably, of other States,
were enlisted to serve either during the war or
for three years. My impression is, that the Vir-
ginia continental line was enlisted to serve during
the war, and that her own State line, as it was
called, which was five regiments, were enlisted
for three years.
Mr. HUNTER. The Virginia State line was
composed of seven regiments.
Mr. EVANS. Now of New Englandj Mas-
sachusetts included, unless towards the end of
the war, when some extraordinary inducements
were held out, all the enlistments were for one
year. If Virginia had fifteei* regiments, and Mas-
sachusetts fifteen, and both of them filled their
regiments, Virginia for three years, and Massa-
chusetts for one, then at the end of three years
Massachusetts would have furnished nominally
three times as many men as Virginia; that is, she
recruited her regiments three times when Vir-
ginia had recruited them but once. Without
wasting the time of the Senate, it will be found,
on investigation, that it is that, and that alone,
which has made this mighty difference. There
is not a pretense—I affirm it on this occasion—
there is not a pretense in history, there is noth-
ing in the resolutions of Congress, which I have
carefully looked over, to authorize the conclusion,
that Massachusetts, from the time when Con-
gress organized the army of 1776 up to the end
of the war, furnished one man over and above
her share. There is not a tittle of proof of it
that I have ever seen.
1 mean no reflection of Massachusetts. I do
not believe that General Knox, if he ever made
the statement to which the Senator alluded, sent
it into the world with any view either to exalt
Massachusetts or to cast any suspicion that any
other State had not done its duty. It was made
out, I have no doubt, by some clerk in the office
from the muster rolls, showing the enlistments.
If Massachusetts enlisted John Doe and Richard
Roe three times in three years, she had the credit
for three soldiers, but was entitled to only one.
That is the way in which this mighty difference
has occurred. I should be sorry, sir, if I should
say anything here which could be construed into
any unkindnessfor Massachusetts. I admit, and
I believe that, in that struggle, every State did its
duty to the best of its ability. Is it true, as the
honorable Senator who is present [Mr. Wilson)
said very triumphantly the other day, that Mas-
sachusetts had fifteen times as many men as Soutfe
Carolina? There is something like that stated in
the history of Sabine to which I have alluded.
I do not know where it came from, but he saw
something like it in Sabine's history.. He is a
Massachusetts man; and I believe the Massachu-
setts people are so strongly impressed with the
idea that they are ahead of all the rest of the
world, that there is not a history, as thick as an
almanac, in which you will not find some eulogy
on Massachusetts, or on New England generally,
and her particularly. They are entitled to great
credit, and God forbid that I should detract from
it! but when they set up such inordinate claims
that they did fifteen times as much as South Car-
olina, I must state the truth of history.
South Carolina had oply ninety-three thousand
people; Massachusetts had three hundred and
