1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
we may dispose of all the territorial business that
we have before us probably in three days. During
that time, I think the discussion should be con-
fined to the business before the committee. But
I state to my friend from South Carolina that it
is in no spint of unkindness that I made the point
of order upon him.
Mr. KE1TT. Certainly not; 1 did not so
understand the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have done it hereto-
fore, and I deemed it my duty to do it now; and
I will state further, that 1 not only make the point
of order now, but I think it is the duty of the
Committtee on Territories to call every gentle-
man to order who does not confine himself to
the question under consideration during the pend-
ency of this business.
Mr. GROW. I must insist upon the point of
order being rigidly adhered to while the territorial
business is under consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question now before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is upon striking out
the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the ques-
tion is taken upon that amendment, I desire to
move an amendment in the second section. I
move to strike out, in the fourth line, the words,
" or during the recess thereof.' * The section will
then read:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized, whenever m his judgment
the public interest shall require, to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and until the end of the
next session of Congress after such appointment, a register
and a receiver for each or either of the districts hereby cre-
ated, who «>hall respectively be required to reside at the
site of their offices, have the same powers, responsibilities,
and emoluments, and be subject to the same acts and pen-
alties, which are or may be prescribed by law in i elauou to
other land offices of the United States."
I want that these officers shall be first appointed
when they can be confirmed by the Senate, and
not during the recess of Congress. That, I think,
is in conformity with the universal practice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked for
tellers upon the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CriAiGEand
Ball were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 25, noes 92.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon striking out
the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I said some
minutes ago that I thought that perhaps it was
best to strike out this section; but upon further
consideration, for the reason stated by the Dele-
gate from Minnesota, I think it would be unjust
to the settlers of that Territory to strike it out.
It will only be postponing the survey of these
lands for two years. I hope it will not be stricken
out.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I wish to make a single
remark in addition to the statement made by the
Delegate from the Territory of Minnesota. It
seems to me that it would be doing very great
injustice to the people of that Territory to strike
out the first part of this section. If those gentle-
men who advocate the motion to strike out un-
derstood the real condition of the actual settler
prior to surveys being made, they would at once
see that manifest injustice is done to the actual
settler by postponing the survey of these lands.
It does seem to me that it must necessarily occur
to every gentleman that,if we are ever to do jus-
tice to the rights of the actual settler, the reason
commends itself with peculiar force that w e sh ould
make this appropriation now, and allow these
lands to be surveyed. They must be surveyed
at some time, ana why not make the appropria-
tion and allow them to be surveyed now? I regret
very much the course which the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] and the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin]
have seen fit to take in reference to this matter.
If it be true that the Committee on Public Lands
are to report a bill gx-uritmgpublic lands in alter-
nate sections to this Territory for the construction
of* railroads, is that any reason why the settler
who has gone to this far-off country, and desires
to have Ins home marked out and his title secured
to it, should not have his land surveyed t I hope,
therefore, that the House will not strike out this
section.
I move, however, that these words be stricken
from the section:
" And for the salaries of land officers created by this act,
and for wxpemses incidental to opening the new offices, the
sum of §4,000."
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment also was rejected; the bill was
then laid aside to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
The bill taken up next for consideration was
" a bill to enable the people of Oregon Territory
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union."
The bill was read in extenso. It authorizes the
people of the Territory of Oregon to form a con-
stitution and State government, for the purpose
of being admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatever, by the name of the State of Oregon,
and provides that the said State of Oregon shall
have concurrent jurisdiction on the Columbia
river, so far as the same shall form a common
boundary to said State, and any other State or
States hereafter to be formed or bounded by the
same; and that said river shall be a common
highway and forever free, as well to the inhabit-
ants of said State as to all other citizens of the
United States, without any tax, duty, impost, or
toll therefor;
That, from and after the admission of the State
of Oregon into the Union in pursuance of this
act, the lows of the United States, which are not
locally inapplicable, shall have the same force
and effect within the State of Oregon as elsewhere
within the United States; that said State shall
constitute one district, and be called the district
of Oregon; and that a district court shall be held
therein, to consist of one judge, who shall reside
in the said district, and be called a district judge,
who shall hold at the seat of government of said
State two sessions of said court annually, on the
first Mondays in January and July; ancl shall in
all things have and exercise the same jurisdiction
and powers which were by law given to the judge
of the Kentucky district under an act entitled
"An act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States;" and who shall also appoint a
clerk for the said district, who shall reside and
keep the records of said court at the place of
holding the same;
That there shall be appointed in said district a
person learned in the law to act as attorney of
the United States; and that there shall also be
appointed a marshal for said district, who shall
perform the same duties and be subject to the
same regulations and penalties as are prescribed
to marshals in other districts;
That the district judge, attorney, clerk, and
marshal, contemplated by this act, shall each be
allowed the same compensation and fees that are
severally allowed to the same officers in the State
of California by act of Congress, to be paid in the
same manner;
That, until another census shall be taken, and
apportionment made, the State of Oregon shall
be entitled to one representative in the Congress
of the United States;
That the following propositions shall be sub-
mitted to the convention which shall assemble for
the purpose of forming a constitution for the
State of Oregon, for acceptance or rejection; and
if accepted by said convention, and ratified by
an article in said constitution, they are to be ob-
ligatory on the United States:
First. That sections numbered sixteen and
thirty-six in every township of the public lands
in said State, and where such sections have been
sold, or otherwise disposed of, other lands equiv-
alent thereto, and as contiguous as may be, shall
be granted to said State for the use of schools.
Second. That two entire townships of land shall
be reserved and set apart for the use and support
of a university, and are granted and conveyed by
the bill to the State, to be appropriated solely to
the use and support of such university in such
manner as the Legislature may prescribe.
Third. That ten entire sections of land, to be
selected and located under the direction of the
Legislature, in legal divisions of not less than one
quarter section from any of the unappropriated
lands belonging to the United States, within the
said State, are hereby granted to the said State
for the purpose of completing the public buildings
of the said State, or for the erection of others, at
the seat of Government, under the direction of
the Legislature thereof.
Fourth. That five per cent., of the net proceeds
of sales of all public lands lying within the said
State, which have been or shall be sold by Con-
gress, from and after the admission of said State
into the Union, after deducting all the expenses
incident to the same, shall be paid to the said
State for the purpose of making public roads and
canals in the same, as the Legislature shall direct:
Provided, That the foregoing propositions herein
offered are on the condition that the said con-
vention which shall form the constitution of said
State shall provide, by a clause in said consti-
tution, or an ordinance irrevocable without the
consent of the United States, that said State shall
never interfere with the primary disposal of the
soil within the same by the United States, nor
with any regulations Congress may find neces-
sary for securing the title in such soil to bona fide
purchasers thereof; and that no tax shall be im-
posed on lands the property of the United States;
and that in no case sheUl non-resident proprietors
be taxed higher than residents.
Mr. GROW. I do not imagine that there is any
necessity for discussing this bill. It simply en-
ables the people of Oregon to form a State con-
stitution. The Committee on Territories only
propose to amend, so that the public lands for
the public buildings of the Territory shall be
located in sections instead of quarter sections.
It prevents the taking of quarter sections all
around the public lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the first
three lines of the bill be read.
They were read, as follows:
"That the people of the Territory of Oregon be, and they
are heieby, authorized to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment."
Mr. JONES. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " Oregon" the words " whenever
they shall have a population equal to the ratio of
one representative under the census of 1850.
Mr. LANE. It is now, Mr. Chairman, eight
years since Congress passed a law organizing a
territorial government in Oregon. It is not in
my power to say exactly what the population of
that Territory is; but I am inclined to think that
it is equal to the number fixed as the ratio of
representation under the census of 1850. I do not
think it is essential to this bill that it should fix
the amount of population, requiring the precise
number which forms the ratio of representation.
Such strictness has not been usual in the admis-
sion of other Territories as States, and I think,
therefore, the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee should not be adopted. On a full poll
J believe the Territory could give fifteen or twenty
thousand votes. The country is settled, sparsely
to be sure, over hundreds of miles of territory,
and they have been in a territorial state long
enough. I desire that they be allowed, when so
inclined, to be admitted into the Union upon an
equal footing with the original States. Tnc bill,
which you have before you, is an exact copy of
the bill passed last year by this House, almost
unanimously. Indeed, I do not recollect that
there was any opposition to it at that time. It
passed the Plouse, but it failed in the Senate,
with much other business, on account of the late
period of the session when it passed the House. I
hope there will be no objection to it now.
The people of Oregon are a law-living people,
and hold in great deference the will of the people
of the United States as expressed through the
two Houses of Congress. To such an extent
does this feeling prevail among them, that they
prefer to have authority granted them by Con-
gress to form a State constitution before proceed-
ing to take so important a step. If you pass this
bill into a hv" they will present their State con-
stitution heio ivxt Congress, when they will cer-
tainly have a population sufficient to entitle them
to admission. If the population is not sufficient
now (winch I do not admit) it will be then, ana
it is not necessary to make the amendment asked
j for by my friend from Tennessee.
