1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
in moving to take up the resolution is not to
vote for it, but with a view to giving the honora-
ble Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] an oppor-
tunity of discussing the propriety of it and kin-
dred measures.
Mr. HOt STON. Mr. President, the resolution
before the Senate is one to which any remarks
that I may have to make on the present occasion
will be pertinent and appropriate. The debates
that have taken place upon the great questions
which now interest the country', have been of a
somewhat discursive character. The discussion
has involved questions affecting the duration of
our Government, the continuance of our Union,
and the preservation of our free institutions. I
have a ri:.rh t to presume that every gentleman here
desires, like myself, to preserve the Union. That
the times are woefully out of joint, no one will
deny. More than thirty years' ago I was in the
councils of this nation, and for the last ten years
I have had the honor of serving in this body.
During all this period, I have not witnessed a
crisis like the present, nor one portending such
imminent evils to the country as this does.
I do not know that it is in my power to cast
oil on the troubled waters, or to allay that excite-
ment which 1 regret extremely to see prevailing,
not only in the Senate, but in the country. Instead ■
of being engaged in the work of estranging the
feelings of different portions of this body, and
indulging in discussion calculated to alienate sec-
tion from section, I should be sjlad to see the
efforts of the mind, the genius, the power, and
the influence, of the Senators of the United States,
united in devising plans for the purpose of recon-
ciling the diverse feeling that exists in the country.
The same research which is used in the collation
of facts for the purpose of arraigning each section
of the country, would bo much more profitably
employed if it were devoted to the task of recall-
ing reminiscences of the past, reviving the feelings
of oar fathers, and that unity of sentiment which
prevailed among them in the formation of this
Government, and in the emancipation of this coun-
try from foreign domination. If thus employed,
it would have a tendency to draw more closely
together the fraternal bonds that ought to bind
the different sections of the Union, and expel
from the deliberative bodies of this nation the
spirit of discord and dissension. I should be de-
lighted if it were possible for me, by any effort of
mine, humble as I am, to direct the minds of
Senators to an object so praiseworthy, and so
important to the peace and well-being of the coun-
try as to seek to draw its different extremes into
a closer unity, and a more affectionate and accord-
ant feeling. If this could be done I think the
country would deem it an auspicious sign; one
woitliy of admiration; one that would not only
command their love and esteem, but inspire them
"with profound respect for the actions of the great
men employed in this holy task.
Sir, if evils exist in the country of the magni-
tude to which I have alluded—if the times are out
of joint, there must be some cause, some reason,
for it, some latent disease which requires a rem-
edy. IIow can we ascertain what remedy is
required, till we find the cause of the disease r I
was here at its inception. I thought then that I
foiesaw the very state of things which is now
existing. When the proposition was made in
this body to repeal the Missouri compromise, I
made a remark which indicated my apprehen-
sions of what the consequences of that fatal meas-
ure would be. I said that the aged might witness
the inception of its results, but 1 apprehended the
youngest child then born, would not witness its
termination. I hope it will terminate without
any fearful catastrophe. I hope and believe that,
though impassioned leaders have for a while con-
trolled the action of the American people, and
though stormy agitation has been cieated in the
land, and still exists, Providence has in store for
this people great blessings. I trust that in His
own good time, Providence, who has guided us
in the past, will conduct us safely out of the
difficulty in which we are now placed. I most
devoutly hope for such a consummation.
The condition of Kansas at this time seems
to be the exciting cause of our difficulty. That
Territory, to say the least, is most unfortunately
circumstanced—unfortunate because it has been
the source of mischief to the country—unfortu-
nate because it has led to a most calamitous state
of things in that devoted Territory. This would
not have b'CD so, if my counsel had been fol-
lowed. When the Territory was organized, it
was nothing but a wilderness, without an inhabit-
ant. You talked of transferring sovereignty to
the people of that barren and wilderness region
when there were no people there. You said that,
if they went there, they necessarily inherited sov-
eignty, and it was legitimate for them to exercise
it. Could sovereignty be given to that people
by Congress unless Congress had the sovereign
power themselves? If Congress have the inherent
power to legislate in regard to the Territories on
all subjects, slavery included, they have the power
to control it. i have always contended that Con- i
gress has nothing to do with the question of sla- j
very—that it is a creature of State sovereignty, i
subject to State jurisdiction, and that Congress I
has no control over it. j
If the people of the Territory art? sovereignly j
what means did they become so? Congress ;
created them into a community, and granted them
certain powers. Congress could not grant those !
powers if it did not possess them itself. They
have no organic law—they have none of the attri-
butes of sovereignty, which are not conferred by
Congress. Congress must have had all the power
which it delegated to iheui, or the act was a
nullity. Th
thought to afford that redress; but they have not
been in harmony with each other, and they yet
remain suspended. What action is hereafter to
be taken I know not; but all concede that a rem- :
edy for existing evils is necessary, and that soma
of the provisions of the oppressive and unconsti-
tutional laws which exist in that Territory ought
to be repealed. This is my own desire,and it is
in harmony with that of the majority. I was not
here when the bill passed by the Senate, last
month, was voted upon, but I should have fa-
vored its passage because I was anxious to extend
the most full and perfect relief to the people of
Kansas; and if entire relief could not be given, I
was anxious to afford such relief-as this body
could consistently give, and to repeal those laws
which were obnoxious and bore the impress of
tyranny and the abuse of power, unreasonable in
their demands, unknown to the spirit of the Con-
stitution, and adverse to the bill of rights by
which every citizen is shielded, or, if he is not,
there is a flagrant abuse of power.
I trust the day is not far distant when a suffi- 4
cient remedy will be devised. We cannot look
into the future ; we cannot devise means to guard
against all possible contingencies; but the pru-
dent, the wise, the cautious, and the sagacious
statesman, will always look forward to some
nullity. They have no law which is not in sub- ;l ultimate object, and seek to give such a direc
ordination to the act of C!ongrcss. When it was : tion to public affairs as will attain the greatest
good for his country. I trust wisdom will guide
our councils; and 1 hope that the deliberative as-
semblies of the nation will be hereafter less dis.
proposed to repeal the Missouri compromise, by
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, I took
the position that Congress had no power to confer
upon the people of the Territories any authority
which it did not itself constitutionally possess;
and that the powers granted were subject to ;
resumption by Congress; and that upon the sub- j
ject of slavery, or any other subject on which j.
they might pass laws, the question would neces-
sarily revert to the Congress of the United States,
and would produce the very state of things which
we now perceive. The object was declared to be
to divest Congress of all the trouble of governing
the Territories—to allay the agitation on the sub- ,
ject of slavery, so that it should never again j
, present itself in these Halls, but be quietly settled J
by the people of the Territories. I said then that
this hope would prove delusive, because Congress j
had control over the Territories, and could revise
their laws, and the subject would be agitated in !
the Senate and in the House of Representatives.
Will any one deny the power of Congress to |
repeal the organic act constituting the Territories J
of Kansas and .Nebraska? It is a mere act of;
Congress. It was said that the Missouri com- j
promise was nothing but anactof Congress, and ,
therefore repealable. Is this organic act of Con- j
gress more important from its nature—is it more !
important from its antiquity, and from the benign !
influences which it has shed on the country— '
than was the Missouri compromise ? If that was Jj
repealable, after the lapseof a third of a century, [
I contend that the present organic law of the Ter- !
ritory of Kansas is repealable; and of course all 1
acts done m subordination of the organic law, or
under pretext of obedience to that law, are subject I
to revision and repeal by the Congress of the !j
United States. A Territory has none of the j
attributes of sovereignty. Sovereignty is above [
control: it is either hereditary, or it is constituted i
and acquiesced in by the will of the people, and
has no superior.
1 shall not expatiate, upon the existing evils in !'
Kansas and their causes and consequences. I ;j
, wish I had not heard so many reasons as I have 11
i heard for deploring their condition. The measure
which produced them has been one of eminent
confusion and misfortune, to say the least of it.
I have no doubt that the occurrences in that Ter-
ritory have been exaggerated on both sides; but,
to my nund, one fact is made very clear: that the
people of Kansas did not, of their own accord,
as a separate community, uninfluenced by exter-
nal pressure, enact the laws which are now said
to exist in that Territory. They were enacted
by an extraneous influence, and not by the in-
habitants of the Territory. Some of the laws
themselves are prescriptive and inhibitory; and,
as the distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr. 1 portant as I am, I have been made a target;
Cass] has said, a disgrace to the age. 1 will add '
that they are a disgrace to any people.
I believe a majority of the members of this body ;
concur that some redress is necessary. Efforts j
have been made bv each House which were I
tracted than they have been heretofore, and that
tho festering wounds of the body-politic will cic-
atrize, and peace and health be restored to tho
whole community.
Mr. President, I propose briefly to define my
position, not on account of any peculiar impor-
tance attached to myself or because my political
attitude at this time is of great consequence. I
am not of sufficient importance in the political
arena to desire either to attract notice or give di-
rection to public sentiment. I entertain my own
opinions, feelings, and convictions. They are
satisfactory to my own judgment; whether they
are so to others or not, is not a matter of great
concernment to me. I shall not ask where am I
to go ? I do not think it a question of sufficient
importance to have a consultation of the Senate
upon it; but I shall take it for granted that ( am
just exactly where my inclinations and opinions
have placed me.
X acted harmoniously for many years with
what was denominated the Democratic party. Jt
laid down great cardinal principles which had
been taught by the Gamaliel of Democracy. I
had listened to his teachings; I heard thera
always with respect and revel ence. I imbibed
his opinions readily, for when I first heard his
teachings my mind was young and susceptible.
With the increase of years my judgment became
strengthened by experience, and the bias was
irreversible; so that I became,as I still remain, a
firm, ardent, Jackson Democrat. I was so, be-
cause I believed the teacher was honest, and his
principles rational. He acted upon his teachings.
His wisdom, his experience, and his patriotism,
were lamps to my feet and lights to my path.
Thus have I walked in the Democratic faith.
There was no alienation or estrangement of great
magnitude in tho party until I saw, at the incep-
tion of the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
that that measure conflicted with the teachings of
that great man. I look for no new lights, and
no new leaders to instruct me or illumine my
pathway. If the lights which I have received
are not sufficient to conduct me safely in the
mazes of life, I do not expect to dcriye much in-
struction from the new lights that are springing
lip now-a-days. I would as soon follow the
ignis faluits with an expectation of reaching firm
I ground, as follow teachings that are adverse to
my reason, and the convictions of my mind. I
was satisfied that the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was radically wrong, and I therefore op-
posed it.
I allude to these matters now because, unim-
I
have been constantly pursued in my far distant
wilderness home by persons who had Federal
machinery with which to operate. They have
been after me with a hot poker and with a sharp
stick. I am disposed to take the point off (ha
