1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
Printing is as competent a person to decide on the
proper engraving of a map, or the topography
that shall be sketched on that map, as the officers
of the General Government who have had charge
of this particular work. Then he will see at
once that it is perfectly proper and right that these
maps should be submitted by him to some person
who is competent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me ask the Senator
whether the plates from which the maps will be
printed are not engraved in the War Department
by the topographical corps?
Mr. WELLER. I suppose that the contract
will be made by the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and that the engraving, fpr convenience, will
be executed in the War Department. There will
be a great advantage resulting from that, because
as this work is in progress hour by hour, the
topographical engineer having charge of it can
overlook it. As I said before, the topography is
worth nothing unless it is correct. The engineer
being on the spot, the work passing under his
supervision, will be able to correct any errors in
which the engraver may fall before it becomes
too late to correct them.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
never have desired to control the engraving done
for the Government by its own employes.
Mr. WELLER. Then, if I understand my
friend, he will vote with me at last.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; I take a different
ground.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I can explain
this matter to the satisfaction of my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing. As the
amendment now stands, it is entirely under the
control of the superintendent to make the arrange-
ments and contracts precisely as he would do in
any other case. It all remains subject to him
and to the Committee on Printing. There is
simply an insertion of the same provision that
was put in by common consent in the resolution
in reference to the Coast Survey report, namely
that the engraving shall be done to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of War. This would be done
if the provision were not there; because it is the
uniform practice of the superintendent to consult
the authors of any work, and have their approval
of the engravings before he does them. That is
the way it stands now.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I desire to call atten-
tion to one peculiarity in regard to the Coast Sur-
vey engraving. It is well known that the Coast
Survey has in its employ, as I am informed upon
authority which I cannot doubt, the most able
and perfect artists in the matter of engraving who
can be found on the continent of America. The
Committee on Printing, as the Senator from Maine
will recollect, never proposed that the engraving
of the plates prepared by the Coast Survey office,
demanding such extreme accuracy, should be
taken away from the control of that department
and put under the charge of the Superintendent
of Printing, to be by him let out to the lowest
bidder, as other works are required to be by the
general law. Neither would the committee now
propose that a different course from that which
has been adopted in reference to the Coast Survey
report, should be taken in reference to the War
Department. They have, as I understand from
the remarks of the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, officers in that department capable of doing
this work, and I understand they can do it better
than anybody else. According to the amendment,
as it stands, this engraving is to be done to the
satisfaction of the War Department. Now 1
submit whether the work will not go to the War
Department for approval, even if this provision
be omitted, and the subject be allowed to take the
usual course. The law covcrs only the mere
printing of the plates, and we are all away from
that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my colleague on the
committee will allow me to interrupt him for a
moment, I will say that this amendment does not
change the law in any particular. It does not
send the engraving to the "War Department or
anywhere else. The Superintendent of Public
Printing will make the contracts for engraving as
in all other cases. The simple provision is that
before the work is accepted, it shall be certified
to by, or receive the approval of, the Secretary
of War—nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. JOHNSON. I see that we differ materially;
but there is one paramount consideration which
controls me, without going into matters which
are complex and will confuse any man who has
not studied the subject thoroughly. It may be
that I am under a misapprehension as to the ob-
ject of the Senator from California; but I submit
that the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
makes full provision for all the deficiencies in print-
ing and engraving. Then, why should we make
another appropriation on the recommendation of
another committee? The Finance Committee
have charge of the subject, and have recom-
mended the appropriation contained in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, and it ought
not to be enlarged.
Mr. WELLER. I have already said that these
maps require very great accuracy in order to be
useful to the Senate and the country; and, there-
fore, for the purpose of attaining that accuracy,
we simply propose that the Superintendent of the
Public Printing, before he decides on the accept-
ance of the engravings, shall submit them to the
head of the War Department. These maps are
all ready for engraving. They have been pre-
pared by the officers m the War Department;
they are ready to be passed over to the hands of
an engraver; and we simply propose by this
amendment that, before those maps shall be pub-
lished to the country, under the official sanction
of Congress, they shall meet with the approval
of the Secretary of War. That is the whole
of it.
It is also proper that I should remark that the
estimate which constitutes the foundation of my
amendment does not include the cost of printing;
it is simply the cost of engraving, and that has
been estimated at #49,200. We do not wish to
disturb any of the rights which belong to the
public printer, or any of those which appertain
to this very useful committee of ours—the Com-
mittee on Public Printing—which is oftentimes
abused and never supported m the manner it
should be. But we desire, in order to obtain that
strict accuracy which is indispensable to the
value of these maps, that they shall be executed
to the satisfaction of a competent judge. The
Secretary of War, who has charge of all those
surveys, ought to be a competent judge. I may
sayfuither, that this provision, in its present
shape, was agreed to by the Senator from Maine
and myself, who yesterday were unable to
agree. This, in other worcls, is our compro-
mise.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to the compliments
of the Senator to the Committee on Printing, and
his high appreciation of their labors, as evinced
by the remark that they are never supported as
they deserve to be, and all that sort of stuff,
[laughter,] I certainly think it is singular that
the Senator so often indulges in it. I thank him
for it. The Committee on Piintiag have made
no pretensions. They have never dealt with his
propositions in an unkindly spirit in any instance
of which I am aware. As to the derision cov-
ered beneath his statement, I regret that he should
find occasion to indulge in it at my expense.
Mr. WELLER. I ought to say that what I
said I meant. I think that committee have not
been sustained by the Senate in their reports as
they should have been. I know of no position
in the Senate which I would not rather occupy
than to be a member of that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I prefer to resign.
Mr. WELLER. I am addicted here, it is
; said, to these things; whether they are stuff"
or not, I leave the Senate to decide. Let the Sen-
ate judge whether I am more addicted to that sort
of language than the Senator himself. It is some-
what remarkable, that what was said in the kind-
est feeling in the world should be treated and
received as my remark was.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a suggestion to make.
It seems to me that the first point made by the
Senator from Arkansas has not been answered,
and that is, that this expense was covered by the
original estimate made &y the Superintendent of
Public Printing at the last session. An estimate
was then made for all the engraving which was
, necessary, and all the deficiency that exists is
11 estimated for in the paper which I have presented
I [from the Treasury Department. Now, to add
!j this amendment of the Senator from California,
ji will, I fear, be appropriating twice to the same
(i objeet. I think, therefore, his amendment ought
not to be made. The Senator from California
did not meet that objection of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. WELLER. The only answer I have to
make is this: we arc anxious to obtain these maps
as soon as possible; the appropriation of this
money now will facilitate their execution; your
deficicncy bill covers an amount sufficient to carry
on the engraving until the termination of the fiscal
year—the 1st of July; but by making this appro-
priation now, you will facilitate the execution of
it by enabling the officers to go on more rapidly
with the work.
Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
California, it seems to me, is proceeding on an
assumption which is probably a mistake. The
reasonable presumption is, that when they esti-
mated for the engraving at the last session, they
estimated for enough; and we are strengthened
in that impression, because, in estimating for
their deficiencies, they do not ask for any on the
score of engraving. This work is to oe done
within this fiscal year. The proper officers esti-
mated for what they supposed would be enough
to accomplish the work of this fiscal year; and,
when we have given them the amount of their
original estimate—as we have done—and have
given them all the estimates for deficiencies which
they ask, I think we have done enough; and, by
going further, we run the risk of appropriating
twice for the same object. I am unwilling to vote
for this amendment, because, if already there be
money enough appropriated for that purpose, the
work can go on just as fast as if we make this
additional appropriation.
Now, sir, with regard to the other point, I
would suggest to my friend from Arkansas that,
as I understand, this is the same compromise
which was made in regard to the Coast Survey
Rcpoit. That was made, I understand, by the
conscnt of the Committee on Printing, and I do
not see how it can now interfere.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am free to say that it is
the same compromise. I thought it unwise then,
but it seemed impossible to get along without in-
volving more feeling than I wished to be a party
to, unless we conceded that point; and it was
done. I thought it was unwise when it was done,
but still it was conceded, and I shall not make
objection to this amendment, so far as that point
is concerned.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] asks me whether the present appro-
priation would authorize the work to be done
in the mode proposed 5 I suppose not; but the
way to get at it would be to provide that so much
of the appropriation as is already made for en-
graving, may be applied in the way specified in
the amendment of the Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. There is certainly some mis-
understanding in this matter. I understand from
the Superintendent of Printing that a further ap-
propriation will be necessary besides that which
is covered by the deficiency to which the Senator
from Virginia alludes. The amount is more than
he supposed would be necessary, because he did
not contemplate executing the work in the man-
ner we wish. We wish to have it engraved on
copper, but it was originally supposed it would be
lithographed. This appropriation, 1 understand,
is necessary to complete the engraving; and if
such be the fact, you may as well appropriate it
now as hereafter; and if you appropriate it now,
and it is not required for that purpose, I take it
for granted the Department will not squander it.
Then what loss can the Government sustain in
any event?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have been
desirous for the last two days to obtain an oppor-
tunity to make a suggestion which the Senator
from California has just made. It appears to me
that this additional appropriation, which is to
increase to so enormous an amount the cost of
printing the surveys of the Pacific railroad routes,
is rendered necessary only from the circumstance
that it is now desired to make theso maps com-
plete works of art. I find, by reference to the
statement which is annexed to the report of the
Secretary of War, that 44 the following estimate
has been made of the cost of engraving on copper
in the best style of art." I find that m this esti-
mate we are not only to have these reconnois-
sances of the railroad routes engraved on copper
" in the best style of art," but we are to add to
