76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
•tick and to cool the poker. [Laughter.] I do
not intend that they shall run at me with these
instruments without some attempts to ward them
fik. In the State in which I live not only have I
been pursued and proscribed in this way, but my
friends have been stricken down and informers
have been constituted in the character of a com-
mittee for transmitting to Washington proscrip-
tive denunciation of individuals who held posi-
tions there unless they would succumb to these
petty dynasties. Sir, I assure you, that during
the last summer so insecure did I feel my corre-
spondence to be, though it was not of a political
character, that 1 used postage stamps instead of
my frank to give security to my letters. Whether
these matters are worthy of observation to grave
Senators here, is a point about which I am some-
what careless. They were to me no imaginary
grievances. I defied the spirit that sought to
persecute me, and the vindictive hate which could
only emanate from weak minds. I feel, how-
ever, that circumstances have made it proper for
me to go back to first principles and look into the
origin of this controversy and show the causes
from which our difficulties have arisen.
Can you believe, sir, that the repeal of the
Missouri compromise was necessary as a healing
measure togive peace and tranquillity to this coun-
try ? When it was introduced, all was peace.
There was peace from Calais to San Diego, from
Cape Flattery to Cape Florida—the whole coun-
try was pervaded with universal peace. The
measures which had produced it had the sanction
of the South, and the approval of the North.
Nothing seemed to disturb the happy repose. Our
Union was a placid ocean of rest. Was there any
measure within the imagination of man to devise
which could have had so deleterious an influence
upon the peace and harmony of the country as
the repeal of the Missouri compromise ? Not one,
sir, in the broad domain of America. Pandora's
box was opened by that repeal. Now, tlnough-
out this broad land you see its malign influence
upon peace, upon concord, upon fraternal affec-
tion. All were blighted by it—driven oui,exiled
from the public councils. But for that, measure,
■we had reason to expect the duration of peace to
be eternal whilst this country stood, whilst lib-
erty existed, or whilst patriotism had a resting
place in an Ameiiean heart or there was a hand
to raise in defense of our institutions.
The Missouri compromise was parsed under
the Democratic Administiation ul' Mi, Monroe.
It was sanctioned by his Cabinet, a majority of
them southern men. It wasappioved by the wi.se
men of that day; by the great lights "that have
adorned the Senate Chamber, and rendeied its
name illustrious. Monroetuid Jackson, Polk and
Taylor, were in the presidential chair fiom*?he
South, and not one of them claimed, in her be-
half, the repeal of the Mis^oun compromise.
The most sagacious, astute, and vigilant states-
man of the South—lie who watched, with Argus
eyes, everything which seemed to point the least
finger at southern interests or southern institu-
tions-—the illustrious Mr. Calhoun —regarded its
repeal as the death-knell of the Union.. The great
men, who regarded southern interests with as
much tenacity and pairioitsm as any men who
have lived, surely would have discovered the
great secret of restoring peace to a country which
was at peace' Bur, sir, u was left, not'for the
sagacity, not for the astuteness, not for the patri-
otism, not for the jealousy, of southern men, to
discover that tins great nieasme was important
to southern interests; it came from a northern
man. He te'eds must be mote southern than the
men of the South. Sir, ! claim to be a southern
man. 1 was born m the South; I have lived in
the Soutlr, I have served the South; I have been
faithful to the South. I have be«m no alan, es-
tranged from southern rights; and .southern inter-
ests; but I was born a man of the Union; 1 have
lived in the Union, and 1 have lived out of the
Union. 1 returned to the CJnion, and 1 brought
accessions with me, not to a section, but to the
"Union, The bones of my ancestors slumber in
the South. Ail that is dear to me is in the South.
My home, though it be but an humble cabin, is
in the South, on soil redeemed ftom foreign des- :
potism. Did I ask any one, m days that are past,
to tell me what were my rights, who was in-
croaching upon them, and what measure was
obnoxious to southern rights? No, sir, I asked
no one. If I am content with the humiliation of
my condition, it is no man's business to thrust
dignity upon me which may not befit me well.
i have alluded to the men who had indorsed the
Missouri compromise. I was unwilling to see it
disturbed. I knew that the mighty dead, if they
could rise, would put their hands to the great
work of its preservation, and if necessary, to
prop that glorious pillar of peace with their lives.
1 felt that it was my duty to maintain the work
of their hands. I had other reasons which I will
not detain the Senate by giving. There was one,
however, that I will mention, which the South
will realize and readily comprehend. Before that
repeal free soil did notapproach within four hun-
dred and fifty miles of Texas; and if good faith
had been maintained with the Indians, it might
not have touched us for half a century, or even
longer. Now it comes on our borders for one
hundred and-sixty miles. You have laid open
that vast frontier to the escape of fugitives, whilst
we have another frontier equally exposed on the
south, with Mexico. It was not worsting the
condition of slavery, nor improving the condition
of free soil, to al.ow them to remain as remote
as they had been; but this measure has extin-
guished space, done away with distance, and
produced conflict. I had another reason. I de-
sired, above all things, to maintain faith inviolate
with the Indians; and faith and concord between
the two sections of the country. These were the
great reasons that presented themselves to my
mind; and they were satisfactory.
Was that measure necessary for any practical
purpose, either of freedom or slavery? I believed
then, as I believe now, that Kansas will be a free
State, and, therefore, instead of that measure
benefiting the South, she was inviting people to
an uninhabited region to form a new State to be
added to a section already numercially superior
to her. I thought there were other outlets, where
there was no restraint on emigration, to which
northern settlers could go, as congenial in Climate
and as auspicious in soil. I have one solution
for that measure, which I feel it incumbent on me
to state, because, though it be not pouring oil on
the troubled waters, it will, at least, be giving an
example which history will record, and winch
hereafter may have a salutary influence on those
who choose to experiment, at the expense of the
harmony, peace, and concord of their country.
It will be recollected that an unfortunate inci-
dent occurred in New York shortly after the
incoming of the present Administration, in the
removal of Mr. Bronson from the collcctorship
of that cify. It led to consequences which were
deemed disastrous and ruinous to the prospects
of the Executive for a renommaiion so far as it
depended on the State of New York. It became
neeessaiy to counteract that effect, mid to do
something which would have a tendency to com-
bine the South as a unit. The effort hud been
made on previous occasions to unite ihe South in
regard to the tat iff, but that was not effectual. It
was then determined in conclave, as I was in-
formed, to present this nieasuie in older to make
an issue on which to unite the South. To be
most authentic on that point, I will narrate an
occurrence which took place at the time.
When I undeistood that the odious measure of
repealing the Missouri compiomise was in con-
templation, I met a certain gentleman and asked
him if he had heard of it? He said he had. I
asked him if he was committed on the subject?
lie replied that he was. « I expressed my regret,
and hoped his committal was not irreversible.
He replied that it was, and jjave ihe eircumstain es
under which the measure had been presented to
him. 1 said to him, " Sir, if tins bill passes, it
will disrupt the Democratic paity; it will pros-
trate Mi. Pierce; it will endanger the Union.'''
He icpSied, " You are mistaken, General; it will
reelect Mr. Pierce." "Ah!" said I, "how;"
"Sir," said he, "it will give him the united
southern vole, and then he will get Illinois, Indi-
ana, and Pennsylvania, and they will elect him
without New York.'5 When I heard this, I
understood the "great boon" that was offered to
the South! I replied, " You are mistaken; for,
in eighteen months from this day, you will find
that Mr. Pierce cannot be elected a constable in
any beat in the United States, in my opinion."
[Laughter.]
That was the inception of this great measure.
Now we see what it has brought on the country.
We are in the midst of the trouble that has sprung
from the ambitious views which dictated that
repeal. If we are to reconcile these differences,
it must be done by conciliation, not by pursuing
a course which will increase the estrangement
between Senator and Senator, section and section.
Let gentlemen here go to work like the political
fathers of the country. Let them seek concilia-
tion; let them not seek estrangement and aliena-
tion of feeling. We are obliged to live together.
We are the people of one nation. Though we may
have internal divisions, external causes must
keep us together. We are irresistible, we are
invulnerable, so long as we are united; but dis-
sever this Union, and we should become a prey,
not to internal dissensions, but to foreign ambi-
tion and aggrandizement. We should cease to
be the glorious people we were; our reminiscences
would be no longer national; our glorious mem-
ories would be blurred; and the world would say,
"these men sprung from rioble sires, but they
have proved themselves unworthy of liberty and
have sunk to the grade of ignoble sons." Let
not this reproach fall upon us, but let us stand up
like men and meet the occasion; act considerately,
rationally, and patriotically, as becomes men
who have an interest beyond the present in the
fate of their posterity. If we cannot live together
with occasional broils and bickcrings, would our
condition be improved by disunion? Now we
can meet and talk and act together, and though
unkind feelings may growup, they can be recon-
ciled; but if wo cannot live together in fraternal*
lelations, we never can in a state of antagonism
and disunion. Then hostility, incessant annoy-
ances, will dispense with all the oflices of peace
and kindness, and we shall be thrown upon that
diie and dernier icsort—the chance of arms and
the hazards of battle.
But, Mr. President, grave charges have been
made against a party of which I acknowledge
myself to be a member. If an apology were
necessary to the Senate for saying so, 1 might
make it; but as I have never yet found it incum-
bent on me to disown my country or my charac-
ter, 1 will not, on this occasion, render any apol-
ogy. The reason why I cannot act with the
present Democracy, (who, by the by, have a
very few of the features of the old Jackson De-
mocracy that I can discern,) is, that they have
denounced the American principle in their plat-
form—they have incorporated the Nebraska bill
as one of the planks, and have placed the issue of
the canvass upon that. I have stood m an atti-
tude of antagonism to that from the commence-
ment, and 1 have given my reasons for that course.
I am not going to stultify myself by acting with
such a party. If I did, they might very justly
point at me and say, "He is a contemptible
fellow, because we have bianded him and'his
principles, and he yet acts with us." But, sir, I
am a member of the American party, because I
am an American born,and wish to live and breathe
my country's air, and desire my children after me
to bieathe the same air and enjoy the same free
institutions, shielded by the same ce<r«,and follow,
if nccessary, the same banner in defense of their
rights, and the same eagle that has brought vic-
tory and jov to our country.
The American party is said to be prosctiptive.
I do not know what proscription means in the
estimation of some gentlemen, or in the political
parlance of the day. It seems to me that we are
not proscnptive m resisting a foreign political
influence located abroad, and in fortifying and
intrenching ourselves m the enjoyment of the
Protestant religion. We war against no religion,
against no sect. We war against the junction of
Church and State, against the unity of civil and
religious power dangerous to our liberty, and so
declared by our Constitution. We are acting in
harmony with that sacred instrument. If 1 saw
the Hindoo, the idolater, the Pagan, in his devo-
tions, I would not disturb him. That is a mat-
ter exclusively his own. Bur when I spe that an
institution is sought to be fixed upon this coun-
try by every insidious and operative art which is
calculated to put down Protestantism and estab-
lish Popery, and when their very communion
obligation is to exterminate and discountenance
and persecute all Protestants, I think, with rev-
erence to the opinions of our ancestry, we are
bound to place ourselves on the defensive. I
