710
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess^ Land Claims in California—Mr. H. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. of Reps.
this commission, and with it a perfect chain of
title, showing his connection with the Govern-
ment from Wfiich the right purported to emanate.
No matter how good the titles no matter how
lone and continuous had been the possession—
even though it had existed for generations—the
holder of such a claim tasted the first fruits of the
change of government which had been effected
by the treaty in this requisition upon him to ex-
hibit the title to his estate, and that within a lim-
ited time, and to make with that exhibit a perfect
deraignment of title, showing, by depositions or
otherwise, the performance of all the conditions
upon which the grant originally rested. Was
there ever before so hard a rule established, with
bo amiable a countenance as the United States
wore in this transaction? William the Norman
forfeited the estates of England and divided them
among his followers, without an apology to the
vanquished. The United States, when treating
vanauished. the unitea oiaies, mrcii ucauug upuii " ««= ....
for peace, solemnly covenanted with Mexico to ; authorized also to take new proof.
P.  • —a   * ho linnftd nf the r.on- i ntnnHs fnr trial at the first term; bl
litigation with the claimants. Certainly, under
suck a rule, if the claimant has met the requisi-
tion of the law to exhibit a perfect chain of title
connecting him with the Government, and the
requisition of the commissioners to prove every
condition appendant to the grant, the United
States should be satisfied to let the patent issue,
and should accept that proof that the party has a
claim that deserves protection under the treaty.
But, unfortunately for the holders of these
claims, the law provided for an appeal to the
district court of the United States for California
from the decree of the commissioners. Here,
then, is a second tribunal before which the holder
of a claim—covered by a treaty stipulation—may
be brought to litigate for his property with this
Government. He is now passed into the hands
of a new set of law officers. The district attorney
has the transcript of the record made out, and
upon it he assigns errors of fact and law. He is
• • ■ '  r The cause
lOr pcatcj SUICliimj v" * , . ,
protect private property in the hands of the con
quered; but after the peace, under a specious plea
for the mere ascertainment ot the public domain
which was not covered by private claims; estab-
lishes the shortest limitation against claimants;
compels every man to produce his title and to run
back his chain so as to connect with the preex-
isting Government, no matter how good or perfect
his title might be; and, as I shall presently show,
arranges a system of litigation to be conducted
between this great Government and the poor
claimant, before the theory of which the stoutest
heart might quail, and before the practice under
■which he will be a fortunate man who, in a single
generation escapes from the portals of the courts
and executive offices of this Government in as
food a condition as he was prior to the treaty of
[idalgo. .
The law provided for the appointment of a law-
agent to represent the interests of the United States
before the board of land commissioners. Subse-
quently, it provided for the appointment of an
associate to this law-agent, each of them having
stands for trial at the first term; but the judge
mat/ continue it for good cavxe shown. Is there a
lawyer in this House who does not perceive that
the appellee is now started anew upon the sea of
uncertain litigation ? Parties may die; revivors
and bills of revivor must be filed; probably non-
resident heirs, or absent and unknown heirs, are
..now to be brought before the court. Is this fair
upon the part of this Government? Is this the
' proper manner, sir, in which to execute our
1 treaty, that inures to the benefit of the holders
of these claims ? But, suppose the claimaftt to
have succeeded again in procuring a confirmation
of his claim by the decree of the ^district court
of the United States for California: is he then
! safe? Ah, no, Mr. Speaker; the law provides
' that the district attorney of the United States
I may appeal from this decision also, and compel
I that poor claimant to come before the Supreme
Court of the United States, holding its sessions
at Washington city. The case is here docketed
in its order, and awaits its turn among other
causes before that tribunal. The claimant must
Tisnnatp to this law-asrent, eacn oi mem naviiig uciuic nm* /..v*
salaries of some five or six thousand dollars per compensate counsel to watch f re®® Hitis
annum attached to the office. Again: the law litigation through thesethrcetribunalsand itis
provided for theemployment of additional counsel beyond controversy thatthis ht'8at>onmust
by the law-agent, whenever he deemed it neces- consume long years before it can, by possibility,
sary or expedient to employ other counsel to pro- 1 be brought to a close. Remember s r ha the
tect or guard .the interests of the United States |j antagonist of that cla.mant throughall this l.tiga-
V* g uill U Jinv.vv— — -   — "
Nor is he limited by the law as to the number
of counsel to be employed or the fees to be paid,
I believe. Surely, sir, for a liberal Government,
it will not be argued that the United States have
been unmindful of their own interests in the ex-
tion is this Government. Ay, sir, the United
States, who bound themselves by the treaty of
Hidalgo to secure that claimant in his rights, and
secure to him his property. I ask every man in
this Chamber if this is the manrwr in which he
been unmindful of their own interests in the ex- tnis onamoer 11 iiu  jb --i.c
amination of these claims. The board, and all is willing to see that treaty executed by the United
 iriiniators i-Wlra. and conn- States? Is it not a perversion of justice—a per-
its attendants, agents, ministers, clerks, and coun-
sel, are appointed by the United States; its gen-
eral and special counselors are provided by the
United States without limitation as to expense;
and when these facta are considered, it does seem
to me, that when such a tribunal, aided by such
an array of counsel, decides the claim in favor of
the holder of the Spanish or Mexican grant, the
United States should be content to abide the decis-
ion, and to give the party his patent for the land
allotted to him by the tribunal; especially uhenthey
remember that there is no right or power, on their part,
* . . • « .) -i i. I...I 1J..1 L*
States? "is it not a perversion of justice—a per-
i secution of the holder of the Spanish or Mexican
claim, instead of an honest execution of a treaty
stipulation which was intended for his benefit?
But, Mr. Speaker, we have not yet traced the
law which congressional liberality provided for
| these people through the whole extent of its
j operation. One might suppose that, when the i
1 grant was confirmed by the Supreme Court of j
i the United States and its mandate had issued,
there was an end of all possible controversy;
1 but not so. The claimant must file that mandate
remember that there u no rtgnt or power, on mcir pun, ,    - , --7, ... .
to compel Mm to go before the tribunal; but that he in the office of the surveyor &ene^'°^pa'lf°;n'a'
2 7Z..J L..  J  fih,tr,nt<i in his whose dutv it becomes to run the lines ot the
is proteeted by the letter and spirit of the treaty in hti
rights whenever he may choose to assert them, in his
own way, in a court of justice. The commissioners
adjudicated the cases on the bills, exhibits, and
depositions; of all of which the law provides that
the counsel of the Government shall have due and
timely notice as the cause progressed.
The commissioners who were first appointed
held, as I understand, that the requirement of the
statute compelled the holder of a Mexican or Span-
ish grant to show a compliance with all the condi-
tions upon which the grant rested, whether they
•were conditions precedent or subsequent. This
was a departure from the principles decided long
since in the Arredondo case from Florida, and
has been corrected in several causes from Cali-
fornia,latelyadjudicatedbythe Supreme Court of
the United States. I mention the fact in this place,
however, merely to prove that, under the rule
established by the board, a confirmed claim has
been well itiCKled by counsel and court, and that
an adverse decision to the United States should
be the sigul for their withdrawal from further
whose duty it becomes to run the lines of the
claim at the expense of the claimant, and then
the claimant is to return this survey to the office
of the Commissioner of the General Lar.d Office
at Washington city, and there await the issue of
his patent. Well, after having thus traversed a
continent three times, and having, as one would
suppose, exhausted litigation with this Govern-
ment, is this claimant yet assured of his right ?
No, sir, by no means. He may now be merely
at the beginning of the troubles which Govern-
ment and Government officials have in store for
him. The law provides that any person interested
may now file a bill in the district court of the
United States for California, and if he makes out
a prima facie case, upon the averment of his bills
why the patent should not issue, the district
judge may grant an injunction against the issu-
ance of the patent; and this order filed in the office
of the Commissioner of the GenerafLand Office
at Washington shall operate as a caveat to pre-
vent the patent from being made out and delivered
> to the claimant until that injunction is discharged
or dissolved. So that you see this claimant now
at the threshold of a new lawsuit, and this Gov-
ernment so considerate of its attitude in the cause,
that it will not execute its own treaty obligations
until these new parties have settled their contro-
versy ! Nor is there any limitation upon the
repetition of this procedure; for as many bills
may be filed and as many injunctions procured
as there are persons whose interests may induce
the desire to obstruct the claimant in the procure-
ment of his patent; and this delay may be, and
would be, carried by a heavy combination against
a particular claim through more combinations
than an algebraist could make upon the binomial
theorem ! In the case of the Mariposa claim,
owned by Colonel Fremont, the Supreme Court
of the United States issued its mandate in favor
of the claimant, and when that was filed in the
court below, the astute legal officer of the United
States took new steps, and again appealed from
the decision of the aistrict court to the Supreme
Court. A year's delay was the consequence; and
this court dismissed that second appeal, and Mr.
Fremont, by the energy of counsel, succeeded in
getting his patent. If 1 am informed correctly,
he is the only Californian who has been so for-
tunate from all this large class ef claimants under
the treaty ! I have been thus minute in tracing
the operation of this law; the preparation made
by the United States for the litigation; the numer-
i ous agents and counsel obtained; the delays of
1 the law, in order to convince the House that, in-
stead of being a liberal and paternal Government
to a new tnd distant people whom we bound our
country by treaty to protect in their just rights,
the Unitea States have been made to occupy the
Attitude and relation to them of a hard oppressor
and a most venomous litigant, bent upon grinding
them to dust under the iron pressure of a slow
torture—such a torture as only a protracted law-
suit always is.
But the tale is not yet told. There has been
an amendment of the law, to which I invoke pub-
lic attention. Sir, I found that amendment at the
last place in the statute-book where I should have
expected to meet it—in an appropriation bill. Yes,
sir, in an appropriation bill, to which the subject-
matter had about as much relation as would the
substance of some distant planet have to the sub-
stance of the earth. It was in the appropriation
bill of 1852; and will be found on page 99 of the
tenth volume of the Statutes at Large. I will
read it for the edification of the House:
" And in every case in which the board of commissioners
on private land claims in California shall render a final de-
cision, it shall be their duty to have two certified transcripts
prepared of their proceedings and decision anil of the papers
and evidence on which the same are founded; one of which
transcripts shall be filed with the clerk of the proper district
court, and the other shall be transmitted to the Attorney
General of the United States, and the filing of such trans-
cript shall ipto facto operate as an appeal for the party
against whom the decision shall be rendered ; and if such
decision shall be against the private claimant, it shall be his
duty to file a notice with the clerk aforesaid, within six
months thereafter of his intention to prosecute the appeal;
and if the decision shall be against the United States, it
shall be the duty of the Attorney General, within six months
after receiving the transcript ^ to cause a notice to be filed with
the clerk aforesaid, that the appeal will be prosecuted by
the United States ; and on a failure of either party to file
such notice with the clerk aforesaid, the appeal shall be re-
garded as dismissed."
Here, then,isa new feature entirely in govern-
mental liberality. Not content with the discretion
of law agent, associate law agent, additional
counsel, and district attorney, the Government
now interposes the Attorney General of the United
Slates, and absolutely requires every case, no mat-
ter how plain, no matter how perfect the title,
to be brought up by appeaj. And this, too,
whether the claim has been rejected or confirmed
by the commissioners. . ,
But, Mr. Speaker, the feature of this proceed-
ing that is most remarkable, indeed, most won-
derful, is that provision which requires this lull
record of every case to be deposited here, in the
office of the Attnfrney General of the United States,
and remits to his discretion the determination ot
the question whether the litigation shall be con-
tinued or Shall cease. Remember that this tun
record contains not only the derivation of "tie
from the Government to the holder of the claim,
but the depositions upon which every point con-
nected with his claim rests, and by which it is
sustained. Remember,.too, that this full exhibit
