720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
territory, rather than be compelled to depend upon
another country for intercourse between the dif-
ferent sections of the United States—the original
appropriation ought to have been opposed at the
beginning-. I did not regard it as wrong at the
commencement, and I do not consider it wrong
now. I think, however, it will be very suicidal
to stop the appropriation now, and refuse to lay
that information, which I think is very valuable
to the country, before the people. Besides, in
order to do that, we must necessarily retrace our
steps, and repeal several laws which we have
Mr. PRATT. I submit to my honorable friend
from Texas that he does not state correctly the
position which we who oppose the amendment
occupy. In the estimates of deficiency included
m the proposition of the Senator from Virginia to
appropriate $301,000, is an estimate of $170,000
for the Pacific railroad reports; $170,000 of the
$301,000 is to pay for those reports—and that
amount includes the estimate for the publication
of the maps and all the necessary views of the
country in the manner in which it was originally
proposed to publish them.
Mr. WELLER. There is a great deal of con-
fusion here in regard to the facts, and so far as I
am concerned, 1 have been misled by the repre-
sentations of others. 1 am inclined to believe
that if gentlemen will take the trouble to examine
the estimates, they will find that there is no esti-
mate made for engraving at all. The estimate is
in these words:
u The Pacific railroad reports are estimated to make six
volumes, one of winch is completed and paid for. Twenty-
three thousand nine hundied and twenty copies of each
volume aie oidcied to be piintcd,the paper and punting of
which cost $34,101 79. Estimating the live volumes yet to
be printed to cost the same per volume, the aggregate will
he 93."
He estimates that the remaining five volumes
will cost precisely the same as the first volume;
and this statement satisfies me that he did not in-
clude the engravings of the maps in his estimates,
and therefore I believe not a dollar of the appro-
priation provided for by the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia, can be expended on en-
graving.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator certainly does not
know the fact that it is not included, lie makes
his argument on the statement which is contained
in the estimate; but before we make an appropri-
ation, 1 apprehend there should be some cer-
tainty. The pioper Department has estimated
or has not estimated.
Mr. RUSK. I suppose if the first estimate
does include it, and we should make a double
appropriation, there is no fear that it will be ex-
pended twice.
Mr. PRATT. I have no doubt the Superin-
tendent of Printing, as one of the committee
stated yesterday, expressly said there was an es-
timate for the publication of these maps. The
additional appropi iation of $49,000 is on account
of the difference in the manner m which those
maps are to be executed. According to theap-
propiiation as originally made, the maps were to
be printed in one way: according to the estimate
of the Secretary of War now made they will re-
quire $49,000 more to have them engraved in the
manner in which he desires. That is the whole
truth of the matter, I apprehend. According to
the original design we were to pay $170,000 in
addition to what has already been paid under our
contract, for the purpose of having these reports
published. We are not disposed to prevent the
printing of them; but we say that was a much
larger sum than we supposed it would cost at the
time when the resolution was passed, and we are
not disposed now to add $50,000 more to that
enormous appropriation for the purpose of hav-
ing these maps engraved in a manner which was
not originally designed. I have asked for the
yeas and nays on this amendment, as I desire to
indicate my opposition to increasing the original
appropriation by voting against the amendment
of the Senator from California.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state what is my
understanding m relation to the estimates already
made in regard to this matter, and 1 believe I am
authorized to say that my understanding is right.
At the proper time, the Superintendent of Public
Printing furnishes Ins estimate to cover the print-
ing and engraving for the coming year. Whether
j that estimate is right, whether it shall prove
, accurate at the end of the year, no man can tell,
j He cannot tell; he gathers the best information
that is possible after obtaining all the knowledge
he can. He makes one general estimate to cover
the printing and another to cover the engraving.
His estimate for the present year was made after
this report was ordered to be printed, and conse-
quently this engraving must, of necessity, have
been included in that estimate. When the year
shall have expired, will that estimate cover all
the engraving for the year? It may be that it
will; it may be that it will not. We do not
know. Then is it necessary to anticipate that
there will be a deficiency? I think not; but that
there has been an estimate made in gross, as I
have said, I understand distinctly from the super-
intendent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have endeavored to get
some information on this subject from the Super-
intendent on Public Printing, who is now in the
Chamber, and I understand from him that there
is in reality, in the estimates already made, no
appropriation for this engraving. I shall have,
therefore, to vote for the amendment. He says
that, in the beginning of the year, knowing the
different works which are ordered by Congress,
and knowing what quantity of engraving it is in
his power to get done during the year, he esti-
mates for the quantity which he can get done m
the year. For instance, he may be able to get
$100,000 or $150,000 worth of engraving during
the year; and if he supposes that much will be
wanted, he estimates for it; but it is not appropri-
ated to any particular work in his estimate. The
deficiency estimate which has now come in from
the Treasury Department is not intended, I un-
derstand, to cover the cost of engraving these
maps. It will, therefore, be necessary for us, of
course, to appropriate for engraving them. The
objection I made was to the exceeding expense
which seemed to be required in consequence of
the Secretary of War proposing to do this work
in the best style of art, on steel or copper-plates.
I am informed, however, on that point, that the
difference in cost will not be so great as some
of us suppose; perhaps not more than ten or
twenty per cent, additional. For that difference, I
must confess I would prefer the copper plate for
such work as topographical maps. Under these
circumstances I shall withdraw my opposition to
this amendment, and shall vote for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I was
not here when the proposition alluded to bv my
friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk] was made. 1 was
not hero when the appropriation of $300,000 for
the continuation of the work of Mr. Gilliss was
made. I cannot, therefore, be accused of incon-
sistency in opposing this proposition, and sus-
taining that; nor would I by my action put any
discredit or dishonor on Congress by voting
against paying for work that has been done.
Therefore I asked the question, before I made
any objection, whether this appropnation was
for work to be done, or work wluch had been
done5 and I was answered that it was for work
to be done. That is the ground of my opposi-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to the Senator
from Kentucky that that was the answer of the
Senator from California in regard to the amend-
ment to the amendment—to appropriate $49,000
for maps. That is work yet to be done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand it so. I
do not understand exactly the state of the ques-
tion, but I understand it is to appropriate for
maps to be engraved, $49,000. I intend to vote
against tlmt. We are told, however, that we
' shall be constrained to vote this appropriation of
: money because by a joint resolution of Congress
j this work has been ordered to be done. Well,
j sir, we shall be bound to pay for it when it is
1 done, but that joint resolution does not say when
it shall be done. We arc not bound to pay for
! it now; it is not nominated m the bond that we
i shall have it done instantly. We have no pre-
! sent public necessity for it. It is supposed that
I this year our appropriations will amount to near-
ly seventy millions of dollars; and yet we are
' going on anticipating work of no present utility
■ whatever. It is not to inform the people of the
| route of the railroad; it is not to give the people
| additional geographical instruction; that is not
1 the object. The object is to furnish the means
of accomplishing a great public work by Con-
gress, when it shall think proper to undertake it.
Well, sir, when we are ready, or when anybody
else is ready, to undertake to make a railroad to
the Pacific, then these documents may be useful,
but not now. I can, therefore, consistently with
the joint resolution which directs this work to be
done, by my vote refusing an appropriation for
it, so far as I am concerned, postpone the exe-
cution of needless and expensive work, as I
think.
As I said before, I have been driven into econ-
omy on this subject by the very extravagance of
which Congress has been guilty, and for which
we ourselves are to blame, and which it is our
bounden duty, in my humble opinion, to correct
as soon as possible, and as rapidly as possible.
These appropriations are always made upon plaus-
ible grounds—grounds that have been sufficient
to deceive us as to their great public necessity and
utility. We make general orders for such work
to be done. It is done, and then comes upon us
a long series of expenses upon expenses from the
doing of the woilc, and the writing of books, and
the engraving of maps to accompany it.
It is thought that these reports and maps are
necessary to give us geographical accounts of the
country. Why, sir, we can have these geograph-
ical accounts of the country much cheaper, and we
shall be sure to have them as early, without any
interposition on the part of the Govenment, aa
the progress and policy of settlement requires it.
That we may be certain of, and there is therefore
no necessity for this publication now at any rate.
I may be constrained to vote for it hereafter. If
gentlemen order the work to be done now, of
course it must be paid for. I acknowledge that;
and no vote of mine shall ever go to contradict a
resolution of the Senate for the payment of labor
done for it; but I see no necessity for doing this
—none at all.
Nor do I fear falling into parsimony on the sub-
ject. I am always sorry to disagree with my
friend from Texas; but it is this sedulous avoid-
ance of anything like parsimony, as it is called,
which has run us into extravagance. What gen-
tleman can say that there is not extraordinary
extravagance now in regard to printing? Every
Senator will say so; and how do we treat it? We
do not know the expense of any particular work
when we order it. Here is the parent and the
source of these deficiency bills. You make a gen-
eral appropriation of $150,000 for engraving. All
that is applied to portions of the work intended
to be engraved, and you are asked afterwards for
the other.
Mr. President, it ought to be the rule of the
executive Departments—it is the law of Congress
—that the Departments shall not exceed the ap-
propriations made in any contract they may make
for any work, either for publishing a book or
erecting a fortification, or building a ship, or any-
thing else. The money that Congress has appro-
priated ought to be sufficient for the purpose,
and they should stop when the money is gone,
and we ought to have none of these deficiency
bills. What would we say of a gentleman who
calculated his inoomeund expenditure, and should
find that lie had overstepped his income one third
or one fourth or one fifth at the end of the year?
He. would be a very poor calculator. I should
suppose that a Government like ours might cal-
culate with some accuracy its expenses, and that
the appropriations would not result in any de-
ficiencies to be made here by thousands and
millions, as we make them up here. I am for
discouraging this whole system; I am for cor-
recting this misappropriation of money, as I
think, and I will vote against it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, this debate,
I think, will be of use to us when we come to
consider motions to print documents in future.
We have learned much during this discussion. I
have been an attentive listener, and I concur with
the general sentiment expressed against the ex-
travagance in this matter of publishing books. I
do not believe, although we have had much in-
formation on this subject, that the Senate is yet
informed of the extent of the extravagance to
which we have gone. Why, sir, but a few
moments ago I inquired of the Superintendent
of Public Printing what was the expense of pub-
lishing the reports of Wilkes's expedition, and I
understand from him that there have been paid
