1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Land Claims in California—Mr. H. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. or Reps.
is made not only of cases confirmed by the land
commissioners, but also of all they have rejected.
Anil now, sir, remember also what I tell you, that
the rejection of a claim by that board is a matter
of perfect immateriality, and, as Mr. Attorney
General and all other lawyers know full well, does
not bar the claimant from the assertion of his
claim in a court of the United States, or of the
State of California, and an appeal thence to the
Supreme Court of the United States. With all
these records before a board of shrewd lawyers
at Washington City, what a vast field for specu-
lation in California land claims! Why, sir, with
very little labor, every claim can be located upon
a map of California; the peculiar advantages of
the locality ascertained with regard to contem-
plated improvements—mines, minerals, towns,
&c.; and so the homes of California could be made
the subjects and objects for litigation and for
speculation at this city, or in this section. Am
1 to be told that nothing of this sort is to be ap-
prehended while the records are in the office of
the Attorney General ? Sir, I am no neophyte in
Washington. Very little, indeed, may an Attor-
ney General know about the matter personally,
yet intense may the study of those records by
others, and extensive the combinations formed
upon that study, for the purpose of private and
professional speculation.
1 am unwilling, Mr. Speaker, to continue this
requisition upon the people of California a day
longer. At best, it is oppressive, and it gives a
poiver that maybe turned into an engine of cruelty,
and form the basis of the most ruthless war upon
California that has been ever witnessed. With
such a power as this in his hands, an ambitious
and vicious officer might exert through such an
instrumentality a political influence over Califor-
nia which every patriot should deprecate. I do
not intimate that the present Attorney General
would use this power; but, sir, 1 have no idea of
putting such temptation before any man, and,
above all, I do not wish for the law officer of the
Government to have the ability to hold in his
own mere discretion the opening and closing of
our courts of justice, upon just such classes or
individuals as may suit his fancy.
_ There is another class of claimants in Califor-
nia whose interests are always antagonistic to
the holders of Spanish and Mexican claims—I
mean the squatter interest. Emigrants to Califor-
nia have rushed thither from all parts of the
earth, attracted by her vast mineral wealth.
These people have run the plowshare around
email tracts which they occupy, and desire to
preempt under the laws of the United States.
These preemption claimants cover the Mexican
and Spanish gAnts. In vain does the holder of
llie Mexican or Spanish claim recur to the treaty
securing his claim. The occupant knows he has
no patent for the land, and cannot maintain an
ejectment to oust his possession; so there he |
remains, defying the owner of the land, and !
determined to use and occupy until the right of
-the other shall be established by the almost in- j
terminable litigation with this Government, to the i
course of which I jjave already adverted. When
fifty or a hundred of these squatters get upon a
claim, they combine, naturally, to protract the
controversy between the United States and the
holder of the claim by every instrumentality
they can control. Limitation laws will be passed
through the State Legislature—occupant laws
such as in my own State were formerly resorted
to for the purpose of protecting the settler
against foreign or non-resident holders of land
claims—remedies will be crippled and rendered I
inefficacious—and, finally, the very arch spirit j
of litigation will be loosed in California, upon
which lawyers, clerks, and sheriffs may prosper, 1
oat over which the best interests of society
mourn, and justice will suffer. I
The House will perceive, without any extend- 1
ed remarks upon the point by me, how the course
of settlementm California, and the conflict which
arises between these classes or claimants, are to
operate upon the prosperity of the State, by
establishing the bases for an interminable litiga-
tion between different bodies of her people. To
one of these parties the United States are bound,
py treaty stipulations, to afford security to their
j ust claims, and to protect them in their property; 11
to the other, they are bound only to afford pro-
tection to rights justly and properly acquired.
As time rolls on, these classes will become more
antagonistic to each other, unless something is
now devised by Congress which shall nip in the
bud the tendency to litigation. Men will grow
gray in these controversies^families will become
! embittered and hostile; litigants will sink into
j their graves, bequeathing only lawsuits to their
children; and, perhaps, this calamitous bequest
1 will descend even to the second and third genera-
tions. You could not, in my opinion, inflict a
direr curse upon both classes than to leave mat-
ters where they stand to-day, under the law.
The holder of a Mexican or Spanish grant, kept
out of his property and involved in litigation,
cannot realize from it, because he has no patent,
and canr.ot eject trespassers from his domain;
nor can he give any assurance to the capitalist
when his litigation may be expected to terminate.
The " squatter," on the contrary, will not im-
prove the land which he will possibly have to
give up, after a dreary interval of litigation. He
cannot be expected to make permanent or val-
uable improvements under such circumstances;
or to introduce the muniments of an advanced
civilization. His title being precarious, his
occupancy must be so. He will not care to
adorn and embellish his home; for some day he
may be ousted by the termination of the lawsuit
between the United States ttnd the holder of the
Mexican or Spanish claim. No country will ad-
vance under such circumstances. The yeomen
who improve the face of every country, and de-
velop its resources by art, are the freeholders
who are assured in their title to its soil. Take
the security of the title from the homestead, and
the arm of labor is palsied: the enterprise which
seeks improvement is checked and repressed.
You will find the hardy pioneer in his shanty
from year to year. The comfortable house will
not rise, because he has no title to his home. The
forest will not be felled, nor the orchard planted,
nor the arable land permanently arranged and
fenced in, because the occupant cannotknow that
it is his. He may use what he would otherwise
carefully preserv^, because he thinks it well to
extract money from all that is of immediate value.
Thus, in a sparsely wooded country, he will cut
away timber trees, and offer them for sale for fuel,
so as to bring him a few dollars; yet by this act
he will seriously injure the estate on which he is
located, and he would be the very last man to
commit such waste did he know the property to
be his own. What is here true of an individual
case is true of the whole country; so that gentle
j men will understand how the regulation of this
j landed business is closely, vitally connected with
the prosperity of the young S' «te of the Pacific.
I I have had some twenty years' experience in
| the practice of my. profession, and it has been my
fortune to be engaged much in the litigation
between classes of persons similarly related to
each other in all respects, as the holder of Mex-
; ican claims and the squatter for a United States
preemption in California are. The picture before
me presen ts features that are familiar. I tell you,
Mr. Speaker, and I tell the people of California,
that the very worst property a man ever invested
his means or industry in is a complicated lawsuit
about land. It will, in the end, prove a curse to
every one engaged in if as a party to it. The only
people who prosper from its course are the men
who minister to the trouble—as lawyers, clerks,
counselors, sheriffs, and notaries. The real owner
grows old in the vain pursuit of his contest with
Government for his rights, which were secured
to him, too, by treaty stipulations; and in a few
short vears he will die broken-hearted and bank-
rupted, leaving nothing but a legacy of curses
upon his country, except that good old law case.
Meanwhile, the California squatter will have
passed his life, also, as a slovenly farmer, who
nas not ascertained his own interest in the prop-
erty he occupies, and who has been agitated peri-
odically, as the term of court approached, and
who, probably,at intervals, has had to pay coun-
sel a " retainer,"ora " refresher,"for these same
long years. He dies, also, and his heirs come to
the succession. They will be innocent, and they
will sell or improve. The old Spanish claim after
awhile passes, by degrees, into the hands of a
speculator in land claims—possibly one of your
philosophical gentlemen who hang about Wash-
ington—and he will press it, understandingly, to
a conclusion. The result will be a habere facias,
that shall sweep the children of the squatter from
the land, and engulf all the little improvements
he or they have made without compensation; for
they will be affected by the pendency of the suit
which has lasted all this long series of years.
Depend upon it, Mr. Speaker, tliis will be the dire
result to both of these classes of people. I want
to avert it. I mean to do it if my voice and coun-
sel have any influence over the deliberations of
this House. California is young—has been rap-
idly settled, and under peculiar circumstances—
and she is far removed from this center of polit-
ical power in our system. Let us act wisely, by
acting as a paternal, kind, just Government to
her people; but above all, sir, let us to ourselves
be tr ue. We have a treaty, sir—a treaty which we
must observe. The United Stales are pledged to
protect these rights of the holder of the Spanish
and Mexican claims, and it cannot be that Con-
gress will agree longer to abide by laws which
seem to have been expressly devised for the pur-
pose of perverting justice and evading that treaty
stipulation, by keeping alive and immortal a sys-
tem of litigJlion having reference to those claims.
Mr. Speaker, it behooves the United States to
be just and impartial between those over whom
they expect to exert control as a Government.
By laws that have been heretofore passed by
Congress, a homestead of six hundred and forty
acres is given in Oregon to every head of a family
who wilfgo upon the land and cultivate it for five
years. The Oregonian may call for his patent
from the United States, ana it is assured to him
and his children. Congress has passed these laws
since our acquisition of California. How can it
be explained that, while such is the system of
j benefactions designed for Oregon, the system
I marked out for California is one of endless, ruth-
| less litigation with the holders of claims derived
' from the former sovereigns of that country? We
i say to a man who settles one mile above parallel
42°, "You may have six hundred and forty acres
1 by settling here and cultivating the land five-
I years;" and we turn to the man who has settled
one mile south of parallel 42°, (the dividing line
of Oregon and California,) and say to him, " Pro-
duce your title, sir, in two years to our land
commissioners, or it shall be barred and fore-
closed. Connect yourself clearly with the Gov-
ernment from which your grant emanated, prove
all the conditions to have been performed, and
prepare yourself with counsel, for the Govern-
ment will have plenty of lawyers to watch your
progress. When your case shall have been tried,
no matter how clear you may make it, we will
appeal from the decision of the tribunal; we have
passed a law rendering that appeal compulsory;
and we may appeal again and again; and when
the United States shall have done with you, we
will delay your patent as long as the judges will
grant an injunction to any person claiming to
intervene." Call you this statesmanship, Mr.
Speaker? Is it not, on the contrary, totally irrec-
oncilable with the merest observance of equal
justice between different sections of our people?
Is it not unwise when considered per se ? Is it not
worse, sir, when considered in connection with
the treaty obligations of the United States?
Your preemption laws invite the squatters to
spread themselves over the uninclosed ranges of
California, and then, in the face of your treaty
obligations, laws are passed by which this Gov-
ernment becomes a litigant with the land propri-
etor for the land which the squatter has chosen
to occupy. It is a poor purpose to which the Gov-
ernment is prostituted. I wish to relieve the United
States from the attitude they occupy in this
matter, by withdrawing from all litigation with
the claimant the moment that either of the tri-
bunals shall decide his claim to be good under
the treaty.
The bill proposes only to withdraw the United
States from the courts—not to interfere with rights
or equities in which third parties may be inter-
ested. If there are conflicting grants or disputes
between preemptioners and old Spanish or Mex-
ican grants, let them litigate their rights in the
courts of justice as other rights are usually liti-
