1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
guch speeches as were of general public interest,
or as would be thought to be desirable to the
general class of readers. Now, I can see no pro-
in compensating papers for doing that
wliH ii H is their own interest to do, and which it
is to bs presumed they would not do if it was not
their interest. With one of those newspapeis,
the National Intelligencer, and with the Dem-
ociatic paper, the Union, there was a contract by
Congress to report and publish the debates of 1 "
Senate, which t think was carried on a
of 50 a column, and which they
declined as a burden they could not bear.
then resumed what they had always then
done, the publication of an account of th*.
cecdmgs of Congress, with occasional i>o
of the debates. I can see no proprietv >>i paj.ng
them for this; and does seem to me thai it is
an exceedingly bad jirecedent. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. JJhodhead] suggests that it
will take some twenty thousand dollars, and is to
be paid out of the contingent fund of'he Senate.
I know of no other mode in which it can be paid.
I ask for the yeas and navs on the passage of the
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I have always voted for this
resolution. I think that my friend from Virginia
is in error when he says that it has not passed
heretofore, I am one of those who believe it is
the best mode of communicating speeches to the
public—let intelligent editors select them. I sup-
pose they take what they regard as speeches most
likely to affect the public mind. I would much
rather have that mode of going to the public than
throw in everything which is delivered in the
House of Representatives and the Senate. I have
voted for the diffusion of all these speeches. If
this resolution was for the payment of one paper
alone, I could not vote for it; but it is to pay three
to resist this extraordinary disposition to pay
money out of the Treasury, without responsi-
bility, and without pro per consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not know that this
money was to be paid oat of the contingent fund.
I cannot agree to take the money out of the con-
tingent fund. I think it is one of those things
! which should come out of the common Treasury.
1 Whilst up, I must say of the National Intelli-
! genccr that it has published but very few of my
| speeches. The speech which, perhaps, of all
{ others that I delivered here, attracted most atten-
I tion, has not found its way into its columns; but
-■ 1 that has had no influence on me.
i-'- Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I must say a
if woid before giving my vote on this resolution. 1
shall vote for it, and vote for it upon a principle.
I am under no obligations to thank either the
Union, or the Sentinel, or the National Intel-
ligence!-, for there are no three papers in the
United States, which, taken altogether, have done
more to pervert the public judgment in regard to
my own position, principles, and character, than
those three. Neverfheloss, sir, I shall vote for
it, because it is our duty to see — it is necessaiy
jj for us to do so—that the public have information
ji of what is done in Congress; and, in order to do
!i that, we must have it done by newspapers which
|i exist in the city of Washington, and nowhere
i| else. The public have been informed of the pro-
1| ceedings of Congress at the late session and this
J.j session, only thiough the medium ol the New
York city newspapeis, and newspapers in other
!i capitals and large cities. A fortnight before *he
f| last session met, the telegraph associations ca-
tered into a combination, by which they agreed
to raise the price of telegraphic dispatches from
the city of Washington northward —I do not
know whether southward — three times above
their former standard", the effect of winch has
papers, which I suppose have diifused them gen- j; been to cut down the telegraphic account of the
erallv 1 believe it is iust to bestow something II debates of the Senate, out of a day of eight hours,
on those who have diifused that kind of intelh- ;! or ten or twelve hours, to a single column m the
gence, selected, in some measure, under the re- j| New York city newspapers, and lie debates of
fponsibility of public journalists. I think this jj the House of Representatives to.half a column,
is some security against throwing trash into the ,| Nothing that has been said or done here has been
country, and is much bettor than compelling these ij communicated to tne people m the true light jn
papers to take everything from the Globe. The
worst task I would ever wish imposed on me j
would bo to be compelled to read everything in
the Grlobe. I know there are very good speeches
in it, and I suppose they are selected from it,and
papers'to take everything from the Globe.- The jj which it occurred here. Sir, with no thanks and
1 F 53 .   —- ji no obligations to the editors and publishers of
published in these other papers. I have always
voted for this resolution, and shall vote for it
again. . ^
Mr. MA.SON. I wish to ask for information,
if the resolution passes, oat of what fund will the
jnoney be paid?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion provides that it shall be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. To be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate under a Government with
a Constitution which is careful and guarded in
providing that money shall jnot be paid out of the
Treasury unless appropriated by law. A certain
sum of money is appropriated by law for the
contingent expenses of the Senate; and one of
the contingent expenses of the Senate is to diuuse
information among the people, as we have been
told by the Senate from South Carolina. Sir,
if this is to be done, do it by law; designate the j
papers who are to publish the congressional mat- <
tors, and pay them a stipulated price for it. 1 j
would almost implore the Senator not to set the j
example of running into this abuse an abuse of >
the very worst character—an abuse of pecuniary j
trust. Suppose it be done; to what must it lead, j
If we are to pay these papers for publishing pro- j
ceedm^s in Congress in such munner as they i
think proper, and such debate as they may select, j
it will lead to one of two things: either bitterness
and ill-feeling from the belief that they favor one ,
pm ty, and do not favor another party ; or that
they favor one class of individuals, and not an-
oilier class
the yiowvT ... r.r~-- ...
I am free to-express this, because
1 these papers, I shall vote for publishing, at the
Government expense, true and full accounts, by
all newspapers that are published in the city of
Washington; and, at another session, X propose
to call the attention of Congress to the question
whether we shall have a tax levied by the monop-
olists of the telegraphic patents upon intelligence,
which is the food of public liberty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote against tins
proposition, and I shall certainly vote against it
on principle. I cannot see the least pretense for
the passage of a resolution of this character, _ It
is brought in here at this late hour, at a time
when I know there is no disposition to listen to
debate; but still I will not consent, so far as I am
concerned, that it shall pass without expressing
my views upon it. It is proposed to pay three
newspapers in the city of Washington (and 1
suppose the three are coupled together to add to
their strength) for publishing the debates of the
present Consress and two former Congresses.
For what? The Senator from New York com-
plains that the telegraphic reports are meager. I
should like to know whether the reports con-
tained in these papers published at the seat of
Government are not meager? What sort of an
idea does a reader get of a debate of eight hours
in the Senate, from looking over the Washington
Sentinel, or Union, or Intelligencer' Probably
he will get a list of the names of the persons who
eno-ao-ed in the debate, amongst whom there may
be=some favorite individual, the points of whose
argument to some extent may be given.
Now, sir, if you pay these papers lor publish-
ing the proceedings of Congress, there is the same
propriety ui paying the papers in the cities of
L-r * -*-* J i n -I.:..-  1.. fl.-.T'nK .-y V V e
 ,| Kew York, Baltimore, and Philadelphia.
"give ^.ded and j| £K&S £ S2
garbl-d Views. I am free to-express tins, oeeau^ ,,-wj, for p° Wishing any account of
1 inn conscious, although certainly not desetvin0 ; Jj Congress. Precisely upon the
it, ,Uat these papeis have, from time to time, vol- ,< the °feuld be Vequ!1ed to pay
uiu.inly done me the honor to publish speeches ^ now^auer in the land. There is not one
wh cli 1 ha\ e made, and I am at liberty, there- i, y newspapers in the city of Washington
dJty^on1 me'.tS Uan! ii that could itself at all, if i« did not, as a
matter of news and information to its readers,
give some account of the proceedings of Congress
when in session. X can look upon this resolution
in no other ligtit than as a proposition to take
from the Treasury, and out of the contingent fund,
too, m the -last hours of the session, $20,000, as I
understand, as a bonus to these newspapers for
services already jierformed—not for anything that
is to be done hereafter, but for publishing accounts
which are very far from being satisfactory, prob-
ably, to any member of the Senate, and I know
are very unsatisfactory to many of its members.
I trust the resolution will not be permitted to
pass.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall oppose the resolution
on the ground that this money should not be paid
from the contingent fund; otherwise X should vote
for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays i6; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&r®. He]] of Tennessee, Bright, Brown, Cass,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dodge, Douslas, Foot, Foster, Hous-
ton, Jones of Tenne-see, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward,Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Weller, and Wngbt—18.
NAVS—Messrs. Allen, 13ayard, Brodliead, Butler, Clay,
Geyei, Hailan, Iversnn, Ma-son, Pngh, Reid, Toucey,
TitnnbuH, Wade, Wilson, and Yuiee—16.
So the resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that an additional
Member be added to the Committee on Enrolled
Bills. I understand that an addition is necessary
to enable the bills to be examined.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Bayard
was appointed.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DrE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a resolution for tho
adjournment of the two Houses to-day at three
and a half o'clock.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857; .
An act to fix the times of holding in the State
of Delaware the election of a Representative in
the Congress of the United States;
A resolution allowing Dr. E. K. Kane, and the
officers associated with him in their late expedi-
tion to the Arctic seas in search of Sir John
Franklin, to accept such token of acknowledg-
ment from the Government of Great Britain as it
may please to present:
A resolution authorizing the acceptance of cer-
tain medals from foreign governments; and
A resolution authorizing Alexander D. Bache,
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, to accept a
medal presented to him by the King of Sweden.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask now for the
consideration of the resolution of the honorable
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Oi.iytos,] in rela-
tion to extra compensation to employes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee,
to take up the following resolution:
Reinlma, That there be allowed and paid to each of tho
employes of the Senate, and in the Congressional Libraiy,
the same compensation that is allowed to the cmployC-s of
the House of Representatives, liy the lesolution ol tho
House of the 13tli of August, 1856, to be paid out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, under tlie direction of tho
Committee to Audit and Control ttlo same.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will not be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the resolution by adding:
« And that there be paid out of the contingent fund to
Kobeit Caiter and Henrv Dodson, and to the lolders tempo-
rarily employed in the service of the Senate, fiity dollars
each."
The folding business has been very great this
session. This is to give'-our colored employes
fifty dollars each. I move that amendment, and
I hope there will be no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. We should act on tlie commu-
nication from the House of Repiesentatives in
regard to the ad journment. I move,'.iierefore,to
