80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30.
lay the resolution 011 the table, and ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1VERSON. I wish to ask whether this
resolution includes the pages?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It- includes
all the employes.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall have an inquiry made
at the next session, as to the number necessary
to be employed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Foot, Hunter, Johnson, Mason,
Trumbull, and Wright—7.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Bell of Teimes-ec, Bright, Brod-
he.td, Biowri, Butler, Cass, Clay, Clayton. Ctittenden,
Dodge, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, Houston, Ivci>on, Pratt,
Pu«h,Iteuh Seba-tian, Sewaid, Thompson of Kentucky,
Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Yulee.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The words "during
the last session " had better be inserted at the
proper place in the resolution.
The resolution was so modified.
Mr. MASON. Although it would seem to be
a very ungracious office, I desire that the Senate
shall know how the officeis are now organized,
and what sums they respectively receive. In
July, 1854, the committee of which I formerly
spoke made their report. They gave the number
of officers then in the Senate, and the pay allowed
to each, and they recommended the organization
which was adopted by the Senate without- any
modification, by which jt was resolved:
" That the compensation of the otfieeM arid persons in
the empio) met it oi the Senate alter the :iUth ot Juno, 1853,
be nsJiollnw;,: Tho ^eereturv ot the Senate, $:U)U0 : the
o(fiecm chatted with tin; difbtu-etm nN of tin; Senate, $-100 ;
the puncip.il cleik and the executive clerk m the office oi
the tfecieuiry ot the Senate, each $1.BU0 u yo:ir."
Since that time an additional clerk has been
added, I believe, at the same rate of compensa-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. No, £9,500.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not remember the salary
of the additional clerk. I thought it was the
same. I am informed the additional clerk re-
ceives $2,500. m
Mr. FKATT. The salary of one of the old
clerks was increased to #2,500, but the new cleik
does not receive anything like that.
Mr. MASON. Lie does not receive less than
the chief clerks, I take it for granted; they re-
ceive each $I.8(J(). Then theic aie right clerks
in the office of the Secretary of the Senate, each
receiving $1,541 t>7; the keeper of the stationery
$1,40*0', one messenger in the office of the Sec-
rettuy $900, and another messenger $0)25, to
whi< h is added a page in the Secretary's oiliee
at $4i(i /7. The Sergeant-at-Aims mid Door-
keepei has £1,0(>G 77; the Assistant Doorkeeper
$1,4 J6' 77. The persons m line office of the Ser-
geanr-at-Armsare paid as follows: the Postmaster
§1,458 'H; Assistant Postmasterand mail carrier
$1,^00; two until boys each $(>50; superintendent
of' document room j ,250; two assistants in docu-
ment room each >i,o00; the superintendent of
the folding room $(,'250; two messengers acting as
assistant dooikeepers ^1,^50, fifteen messengers
each *,<)()(); supei mtendent m charge of the tfen-
afe furnaces assistant m clnu ;rc of furnaces
Jj.'joO; Hborei m thaii-e of the pnvute passage,
ten pages a day each during tiie session;
cl^rk or secretary to tin' President of the Senate
${,'H)0. In addition to these sums, each of these
officers receives twenty per cent. on his sal.u y,
by virtue of u joint r< solution passed in July, 1854.
As this report states, amongst the reasons for
making the officers permanent, and for fixing
then salaries, was, that if had theretofore been
the en.sloni generally—sometimes notobsei\ed—
to allow two months* additional pay to each of
the messengers of the iSenaie, and to the pages
£200, One objuu of this n-port, as 1 have said—
(I do not mean t<> detain the Senate by a speech,
or attempt t«  kill the measure by indirection, if
K h tin' pleasure of the body to pass it)—one !
irreot object wmi to organize this corps of officers ■
i.i s-ich iiianiu i as would be acceptable to them, I
tf'^d secure proper service to the Senate. As the
ch.urtnan of the committee, 1 conferred freely
Wiiti the officers, and understood they were all
perfectly satisfied. The other members of the
committee conferred with them. We modified
the scale from time to time, as far as we could,
to meet their approbation. What is the result?
Here, within a very short time, we are now
asked to increase their compensation by the addi-
tion of one fifth. The corps of officers in the
Senate is ample; their salaries have been graded;
they are well paid, and better paid than any like
corps of officers in the Government. I will not
say that they are redundant; but if it becomes
necessary, I shall feel it my duty to inquire into
that; and if they arc redundant, to prune them
down if we can, and to reduce their salaries if
they are to have these gratuities given to them
at the close of each session. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays wer^ ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is very true, as the hon-
orable Senator says, there was a committee to fix
the salaries of these officers; but what does this
resolution propose to do ? Does it propose to
make any permanent increase of the salary of the
officers? Not at all. It proposes to do precisely
what the House of Representatives has done by
its officers, and give to the officers of the Senate
not one cent more than has been given to the
officers of the other llousc. I am not content
that the other House shall pay its officers better
than the officers of the Senate of the United
States. Further, this is a proposition to pay
these officers for services at an extra session. It
furnishes no precedent for bringing in a resolu-
tion of this description at the expiration of a reg-
ular session; but it has been customary always,
I believe, at the end of an extra session, to give
the officers extra compensation. I will not detain
the Senate about this matter; but I am satisfied
that the pay of our officers should not be less
than those of the other I louse. The resolution
simply places them on an equality.
Mr. MASON". The i u-s;ument that they are to
be paid because it is an extra si-ssio.n, Willi all
respect to the Senator, is, it s,eenis to me, merely
an excuse. Their pay goes on. The salaried
officers receive their salary, ami those who receive
a per diem receive a per diem, and there is no addi-
tional labor.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask to have inserted in
the proper plaee, after the words which describe
the class of officers to be paid, the following:
And that there be paid, out of the contingent land of the
Seuiito, to the pa«o, and Mich others as may h ive received
the same sit the elo^o of the last Congress the tiMial amount
ot extia comyenfeauon paid to them by the Senate.
The practical effect is to embrace one or two
officers who have heretofore received the compen-
sation, but are not embraced by the terms of the
resolution.
Mr. YULEE. I should like to move an amend-
ment to that amendment. As we nre distributing
favors, and we desne to leave all who are con-
nected with us in this wing of the Capitol happy
and in good humor, I propose to amend by add-
ing, for our old friend, Mr. Sheahan, down stairs,
#200.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. "We are evidently
running this thing into the ground. 1 am as
willing to pay liberally us any man in the Senate,
but 1 call noon i v'ety Senator here to tell me if
he believes that these little boys (the pages) are
woilh more than yiuO a year. We pay tlx-m
$000 for eight months. They are not satisfied
wit h that, and the proposition is to increase their
pay twenty p> r edit. If there is a Senator here
who beheves they are entitled to it, I want him
to vote for o. [ do not believe it. 1 can hire
!j three ab!"-bodied tnen in Tennessee to work the
j: year round for what these little boys, who are
sruicely out of their swaddling clothes, aieget-
' tinsr.
i Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the usual
j committee be appointed to join such committee as
: may be appointed by the House of Representa-
; tives to inform the Pr< sident of the Umti d States
1 that, unless he has further communications to
make, the two Houses of Congress are ready to
1 adjourn.
, I he l^RESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
; question brfoie the Senate, on motion of the Sen-
1 otor from Florida, [Mr. Yulf.c,] as an amend-
ment to the pending amendment.
And that J. Sfiea'ian he allowed and paid ill the same
manner, the sum of
Mr, PRATT. If gentlemen desire to defeat
the original resolution they can readily do it by
talking; that is one way. Another way is by
adding amendments not contemplated by those
who are prepared to vote for the original resolu-
tion. It occurred to me, although I may accord
with the speech of my friend from Virginia, that
this was a case which could not be drawn as a
precedent. Here we have an extra session. The
House of Representatives, even before the extra
session, gave their clerks, who receive under the
law the same compensation that ours do, the
additional compensation-which we now propose
to give for the extra session. I think, therefore,
that, without making it a precedent, we may well
go for the original resolution. I hope Senators
will not kill, by indirection, £he resolution as
oricmalfy offered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I had said almost
as much as I intended to say.
Mr. PRATT. I thought you had finished.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir, 1 intended
to pay a compliment to my colleague for moving
this resolution. It is not an original proposition
of his, but I appreciate the heart that prompted
it. I know the generous motive that led him to
present it and urge it; but I think he is doing in-
justice to those whom he has attempted to serve.
I remember at the opening of this Congress there
were from forty to one hundred applicants for
pageships in this body. These little boys are
clever and lovable, and I feel as kindly to them
as a father; but they were preferred over others.
On what ground? That they were entitled to
receive the pay which was fixed for them. Now
you are doing them a great wrong. They are clec-
tionceimg all over the Senate to get their pay
increased. They stipulated to serve for a given
price—an enormous price, as every Senator on
tins floor must know and feel. I think giving
this extra compensation is an act of injustice to
them. It teaches them to feel that they are not
to rely on their contracts, but to seek something
beyond. I repeat that there is no man here who
believes that they are entitled to $600 for eight
months, and then an addition of twenty per cent,
to that. As for the amendment offered by the
Senator from Arkansas, if this passes that ought,
to pass too, for the pages whom it includes were
precisely in the same condition that these arc;
and if we are prepared to give these an addition
of twenty per cent., why not go back and do jus«
tice to the little pages that were here before?
Then, again, take the amendment offered by the
Senator from Florida, for a man that 1 do not
know.
Mr. YULEE. I will say to the Senator, that
I withdraw th.it amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should be glad
if Senators would withdraw all these propo-
sitions. I think these people are receiving as
much as lliey are entitled to. As to the argument
of the Senator from Delaware, I should have
expected it from a young man like myself, but I
certainly did not expect it from him. It is, that
the House ot Representatives has done a great
wrong, and the Senate ought to follow it! Why,
that is the very thing tor which we have been as-
sembled here now—to cotrect the errors of the
House of Representatives; and I am happy to
congratulate him, and the country, and the cause
of liberty everywhere, that the Senate has tri-
umphed at last in bringing them back to a sense
ot their duty. Now, the Senator tells us that we
ought to vote this extra compensation because
the House of Representatives have done it. That
alignment does not suit me.
Air. CLA\ ION. I did not say we should do
it nicely because the House of Representatives
had done it; but the honorable Senator says that
we should be doing a great wrong to these otfi-
eeis ot the Senate, especially the boys, by giving
them extra compensation. It is not so, sir. This
is an extra session, and therefore, as was well
remarked by the Senator from Maryland, this
case furnishes no precedent. The Senator from
Tennessee says, if we do this we ought to go
back and pay the pages who were here before.
Let us apply that argument to omselves. This
Congress lias laised its compensation. Why not
apply to the gentleman his argument, and say:
"Go back and pay members who have been here
heretofore." It is a sm ill matter, and I will not
detain the Senate about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
