1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
tis
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Party Platforms—Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
Senate.
word for effect. It defines nothing with such pre-
cision that you can comprehend it minutely in
such a way as to turn it over and see what it is.
You cannot dissect it; you cannot analyze it; you
cannot take it to pieces. It is nothing but a
by-word—a password to collect together men for
political purposes. It is a bugbear of that sort.
Mr. President, as I have said, I voted for the
bill to organize the Territories of Kansas and Ne- :
braska. By that bill I delegated the power of
governing the Territories to tne people who might
go there, and to some people wno I think ought
not to have had it. I think the bill of the Sen-
ator from Georgia is an improvement in that
respect. I do not like to say anything about the
new States, as I believe tlley have got to be in
the majority here; but in reference to the new
Territories, my opinion is, that we have too many
of them. They are a burden on our hands. The
General Government constructs school-houses,
and makes roads and bridges, and provides for
the expenses of the government in the Territo-
ries. I do not perceive the propriety, or at least
the profit, of a man in Georgia or Kentucky buy-
ing lands from the Indiansin the Territories,and
giving it to emigrants at a low price, thus bringing
it in competition with our own lands, and foster-
ing the Territories in this way. When I was a
member of the other House, at one time I was
placed on the Committee on Territories, and at
fast it gave me a chill to have a Territorial Dele-
gate come near me. He was the premonitory
symptom of a tall beggar. There has not been
one of them since I have been in Congress for
twenty years, that is not just like a child, crying
and sucking and sucking and crying and begging
eternally. [Laughter.]
Our practice has been to acquire land, pay for
it, then erect it into Territories, and give the land
away for nothing, or for a mere song, and pay all
the expenses of government. I believe that if the
Federal authority is to be exercised over the Ter-
ritories, it should be exercised for the benefit of
our people at home. If you acquire them, you
should acquire them as you would buy land about
your plantation, and buy a negro or hire an Irish-
man to work on it for your own benefit. Do not
take them into the partnership-when they have
no capital. Do not make them favorites. Do not
stimulate them into manhood by erecting them
into States, conferring great privileges on them,
and drawing from the old States their population.
When one of these new States is admitted into
the Union, she presents claims for millions of
acres of public lands. What had we presented
to us a few years ago ? Gentlemen tell us that
they cannot we money for general purposes of
internal improvements; but, as a sort of sanitary
measure to drain swamps, a few years ago, they
■voted to the new States ten or twenty millions of
acres of land. When such a proposition is pre-
sented, some gentlemen of the strict-construction
school tell us it would be very wrong—it would run
athwart the resolutions of 1798-'S to do this as
a Government; but the United States is a land-
holder—a great land proprietor-wand in this capa-
city may give away one half of the public lands;
because, by so doing*the remaining half would be
worth just as much as the whole was before!
They tell us this gravely, and they think they
prove it by figures. Perhaps they do. It is very
likely. It reminds me of a story I heard of a
fellow in my country, who bought a stove to save
half his fuel, and then boughtanother one to save
the other half. [Laughter.] On the same prin-
ciple, I suppose that if we should give away all
the lands we should be a great deal richer.
I allude to these matters because, in my opin-
ion, the whole policy of the Government in refer-
ence to our Territories is loose. Here is a Ter-
ritory hardly two years old, which has already
involved the whole l/nion almost in civil war, as
we are told. In my own opinion it will not event-
ually terminate in much danger; but when we get
these Territories they ought to be put under the
rod of the Government. I would treat them like
a tight old gentleman treated his bad boys. I
would give them twenty lashes in the morning,
knowing that they Would do something wrong
before sundown. Every man who imagines that
in the future he has a chance to be President, and
Chat he can be elevated to that position by flat-
| tering the new States and Territories, has some
I proposition to make for their benefit. Since I
i have been here, the public land has been an eternal |
j fund.forbidsforthePresidency. Graduation, ces-
i sion, and all manner of schemes have been pro-
posed. Every man who has a notion that he will
some day or other wear the purple, has a great idea
of serving the interests of the new States and the
Territories which are prospectively to be great
1 States—heavy voters. He thinks it is cheaper to
buy them up while they are boys, to get them in
•love before they have grown to man's estate, so
that he may be sure of them when his time comes.
I do not believe in so much coaxing and wheed-
ling of the Territories by the Federal Govern-
ment. I may eventually support the bill of the
Senator from Georgia; but, sir, the Federal Ex-
ecutive is under obligation to see that the laws be
faithfully executed; and unless this Confederation
is a mere rope of sand—unless State-rights doc-
trines have so far taken possession of the Federal
arm that it is paralyzed even to the extent of
whipping a baby, like Kansas, two years old, he
ought, without any law being passed, to be able
to command the peace and keep and enforce the
peace in that Territory. If, however, any law is
necessary for that purpose, bring in your bill,
and I may vote for it; but I should like to see the
right sort of military officer selected to carry it
out.
Mr. President, as I have already intimated, one
object of my remarks is to state what, as an old-
line Whig, I intend to do in the Presidential con-
test, and what I think the old-line Whigs of Ken-
tucky and of the Union ought to do. As my
Whig friends might not otherwise get to see it, I
j' will now present the platform adopted by the so-
called Republican convention. Here it is:
"This convention of delegates, assembled in pursuance
of a call addressed to tlie people of the United States,
without regard to past political differences or divisions, who
are opposed to the repeal of the Missouri compromise, to
the policy of the present Administration, to the extension
of slavery into free territory, in favor of the admission
of Kan>as as a free State, of restoring the action of the
Federal Government to the principles of Washington and
Jefferson, and for the purpose of presenting candidates for
the offices of President and Vice President, do resolve:
" That the maintenance of the principles promulgated in
the Declaration of Independence, and embodied in the
Federal Constitution, is essential to the preservation of our
republican institutions, and that the Federal Constitution,
the rights of the States, and the Union of the States, must
and shall be preserved.
" That, with our republican fathers, we hold it to be a self-
evident truth that all men are endowed with the inalienable
right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and that
the primary object and ulterior design of our Federal Gov-
ernment were to secure these rights to all persons within
its exclusive jurisdiction.
" That, as our republican fathers, when they had abol-
ished slavery in all our national territory, ordained that no
person shall be deprived of lite, liberty, or property, without
due process of law, it becomes our duty to maintain this
provision of the Constitution against all attempts to violate
it for the purpose of establishing slavery in the United
States by positive legislation prohibiting its existence or
extension therein.
" That >ve deny the authority of Congress, of a Territo-
rial Legislature, of any individual or association of indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory
of the United States while the present Constitution shall be
maintained.
"That the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United States for their gov-
ernment, and that in the exercise of this power it is both
the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit in the Terri-
j tories those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and slavery.
" That, while the Constitution of the United States was
ordained and established by the people ' in order to form a
more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty,' and con-
tains ample provision for the protection of the life, liberty,
and property of every citizen, the dearest constitutional
rights of the people of Kansas have been fraudulently and
violently taken from them;
" Their Territory has been invaded by an armed force;
" Spurious and pretended legislative, judicial, and execu-
tive officers have been set over them, by whose usurped
authority, sustained by the military power of the Govern-
ment, tyrannical and unconstitutional laws have been en-
acted and enforced;
The right of the people to keep and bear arms has been
infringed; test oaths of an extraordinary and entangling
nature have been imposed as a condition of exercising the
right of suffrage and holding office;
" The right of an accused person to a speedy and public
trial by an impartial jury has been denied :
" The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches
and seizures, has been violated;
" They have been deprived of life, liberty, and property,
without due process of law;
" That the freedom of spcech and of the press has been
abridged;
" The right to choose their representatives has been made
Of no effect;
" Murders, robberies, and arsons have been instigated
and encouraged, and the offenders have been allowed to go
unpunished;
" That all these things have been done with the knowledge,
sanction, and procurement of the present Administration,
and that for this high crime against the Constitution, the
Union, and humanity, we arraign that Administration, the
President, his advisers, agents, supporters, apologists, and
accessories, either before or after the fact, before the coun-
try and before the world; and that it is our fixed purpose
to bring the actual perpetrators of these atrocious outrage*
and their accomplices to a sure and condign punishment
hereafter;
" That Kansas should be immediately admitted as a State
of the Union, with her present free constitution, as at once
the most effectual way of securing to her citizens the en-
joyment of the rights and privileges to which they are enti-
tled, and of ending the civil strife now raging in her terri-
tory ;
" That the highwayman's plea, that might makes right,
! embodied in the Ostend circular, was in every respect un-
worthy of American diplomacy, and would bring shame
' and dishonor upon any Government or people that gave it
! their sanction;
j " That a railroad to the Pacific ocean by the most cen-
! tral practicable route is imperatively demanded by the
interests of the whole country, and that the Federal Gov-
ernment ought to render immediate and efficient aid in its
construction, and, as an auxiliary thereto, to the immedi-
ate construction of an emigrant road on the line of the
railroad;
" That appropriations by Congress for the improvement
of rivers and harbors of a national character, required for
the accommodation and security of an existing commerce,
are authorized by the Constitution and justified by the obli-
gation of Government to protect the lives and property of
its citizens ;
" That we invite the affiliation and cooperation of men
of all parties, however differing from us in other respects,
in support of the principles herein declared; and, believing
that the spirit of our institutions, as well .is the Constitu-
tion of our country, guaranties liberty of conscience and
equality of rights among citizens, we oppose all legislation
impairing their security."
I have no comments to make on this platform.
It admits the sovereignty of Congress over the
Territories, and then denies the power to allow
slavery in any Territory. What inconsistency!
What logic! I do not propose to dissect it. I
simply present this platform as part of my speech,
to the people of Kentucky, in comparison and
juxtaposition with the plaftorms of the other
parties, with its fallacies and contradictions. Let
it go. Let it go for what it is worth. Nobody in
Kentucky will vote for it anyhow, and it is not
worth while to say anything more in reference to
it.
But, Mr. President, while I am speaking to the
people of Kentucky, I may as well say a few
words to the rest of the Union, if I shall be there
heeded or heard. It certainly is a very extraor-
dinary thing that now, I believe for the first time
in our history, it is proposed to nominate candi-
dates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency
from one section of the Union, on one idea, which
finds no sympathy in any other portion of the
country. If Mr. Fremont shall be elected, I sup-
pose, as a matter of course, that all his cabinet min-
isters and foreign ministers will be Free-Soilers.
Perhaps Mr. Hoar, or some other reverend gentle-
man, will be sent from Massachusetts to Charles-
ton, or Savannah, or New Orleans, to collect the
revenue. Then, of course, I suppose all our
consuls the world over will be selected from the
same party. Let me ask what will be the result
of the triumph of a sectional party, with its own
friends in the cabinet and in the councils of
the country, and in all the offices of the Gov-
ernment? What will be the consequence of
wielding the patronage of the Government in
such a manner ? Of course, under an Administra-
tion like* that, we of the South must be treated
as aliens, exiles, and strangers, even in our own
household. Are, as is the practice—the inveterate
party practice, in our Government, to make all
appointments from the friends of the Administra-
tion for the time being—are, I say, all promotions
and appointments in the Army, Navy, post office,
&c., to be only from one section? *
I have nothing to say against Colonel FrSmont.
No doubt he is an intelligent gentleman, a trav-
eler, a learned man; but he has no conversaney
with public affairs, no experience in public mat-
ters, no sympathy or connection with the wants
of the community scattered over the limits of this
broad Confederacy. It is almost incompreliena-
* Correction.—-Mr. i. O. Adams, and Mr. Rush of Penn-
sylvania, were candidates op the same ticket, as were Jack-
son and Calhoun.
