THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1856.
New Sekies,...No,-S.
is on the amendment of the Senator from Arkan-
sas.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ara strongly of the opinion
that it would be unjust to pass any resolution of
this character at all, if distinctions are to be drawn
in this way. Some are to receive extra compen-
sation, and some are not. Who can tell what
officers are to receive and who are not to receive
it, and inform us as to the relative merits of those
rejected or those that are to luive it? I hope the
whole thing will be voted down. •"> ■ •
The question being taken by yeas and "nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Bright,
Brown, Cass, Clayton, Dodge, Dnrkee. Foot, Foster,
IJnrlan, Houston, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Seward,
Wade. Weiler, Wilson, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Douglas, Geyer, Hunter, fverson, John-
son, Jones of Tennessee, Mason. Thompson of Kentucky,
Toucey, Trumbull, and Wright—11.
80 the resolution was adopted.
BILLS BECOME LAWS*
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. J. Addison Thomas, Assistant
Secretary of State, announced that he had ap-
proved and signed the following bill and resolu-
tions:
An act to fix the times of holding in the State
of Delaware the election of a Representative in
the Congress of the United States;
A resolution allowing Dr. E. K. Kane, and the
officers associated with him in their late expe-
dition to the Arctic seas in search of Sir John
Franklin, to acccpt such token of acknowledg-
ment from the Government of Great Britain as it
may please to present-,
A resolution authorizing the acceptance of cer-
tain medals from foreign Governments;
A resolution authorizing Alexander D. Bache,
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, to accept a
medal presented by the King of Sweden.
THANKS TO PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE.
Mr. CASS, (Mr. Welleii occupying the
chair.) I desire to submit a resolution, which I
have no doubt will meet the concurrence of the
Senate, as a tribute of acknowledgment to the
impartiality and ability with which the President
of rhe Senate has discharged his difficult and deli-
cate duties during the present and $ast session:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate be given to the
Hon. Jes!*e D. Bright, Picsident of the Senate pro tein-
vore. for tne dignity, ability, and impartiality with which
i'o has discharged rhe duties of the Chair.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. HUNTER. I*move to take up the House
resolution for adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Retired, (the Senate concHrrme,) That the President
pro tempore ol the Senate and the SpoaKer of the House of
Representatives adjourn their respective Houses sine die,
rliis day, at three o'clock thirty minutes, p. m.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to concur in the reso-
lution.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move the usual resolu-
tion for the appointment of a committee, to join
such committee as may be appointed on the part
of the l-Iouse of Representatives, to wait on the
Piesidciit of the United States, and inform hiia
that, unless he have any further communication
to make the two Houses are ready to adjourn.
The resolution was agreed to; and Messrs.
Br0nnead,Wrh;hT, and Foster.were appointed
the committee ou the part of the Senate.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed as a committee, to
join the committee of the Senate to wait on the
President of the United States, Messrs. Smith of
Tennessee, Carlile of Virginia, and Barbour
of Indiana.
After a brief interval the committee returned,
6
and Mr. Brodhead, the chairman, reported that
the President of the United States had no further
communication to make.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wo have a very
few minutes left; but there is time enough to trans-
act some necessary executive business. I move
an executive session.
The motion was agreed to. When the doors
were reopened, the President pro tempore de-
clared the Senate adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 30, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the late Chaplain, Rev. Danici. Waldo.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was reports of private bills from the
standing committees of the House.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of ?>lr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
file.-* of the House, the petition and accompanying papers
in relation to the claims for moneys due for the services of
tile Mississippi volunteers, and for horses, doling the war
of 181-3, lieielofoie presented li■, the late Vi<t;<;r William
Henry, for tlie put pose ol presentation at the State Depart-
men,.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the regular
order of business. . ^
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent to introduce a resolution in-
structing the Committee of Ways and Means to
report ail Army appropriation bill without any
extraneous proviso.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to state, m justice to
myself, that if I had been present when the bill
giving increased compensation to members of
Congress was on its passage, I should have voted
for it.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
another bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1857.
The SPEAKER. Reports of private bills only
are in order except by unanimous consent. [Cries
of "No objection!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I ask unanimous
consent to make the report.
No objection being made,
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the fis-
cal year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the House,
in order to save the necessity of reading the bill
through, that the bill I have reported is the old
Army bill, having appended to it the naked pro-
viso, that the money appropriated shall not be
expended in the execution of the laws passed by
a body claiming to be the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas. [Cries of'' Read the proviso!'']
The proviso was read, and it is as follows:
At the cud of the bill add :
Provided. That no pail of the military fori* of the
United States for tin' support of which appropriations arc
made hv tins act, shall he employed in aid of the enforce-
ment of aiiv enactment lieretoiore passed by the bodies
claiming to be the Territoual Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to" withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, to allow me to make a motion to
strike out the proviso, in order that the sense of
the House may be taken upon that question, and
then we can go on and vote upon the engrossment
and passage of the bill, whether my motion suc-
ceed or fail.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I also ask to be
allowed to move an amendment to the proviso.
If there is to be a test vote on one view of the
subject, I desire that there shall be a test vote on
another view of the subject. • w
Mr. CAMPBELL. The House will readily
perceive, that if I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question 
Mr. SEWARD. Has there been any call for
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has called for the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. Then 1 object to any debate
unless the call is withdrawn, and we can all be
heard.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will not the gentleman
allow me to respond to the appeal of the gentle-
man from Georgia, a member from his own side
Mr. SEWARD. I do not object to that; I
only object to debate- on one side without its
being allowed on the other. [Cries of " Don't
withdraw'!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. I-call for the
previous question. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I desire to make
some remarks on this question, but as the previous
question has been called I shall have no oppor-
tunity to submit them. I therefore ask leave to
publish them.
Mr. MeMULLIN. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the call for the
previous question is not seconded, will it not be in
order to move to strike out the proviso?
The SPEAKER. It will; and it will be in
order to move amendments to the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. There are gentlemen at
present absent from the Hall, who did not ex-
pect this vote to be taken to-day; and in order
that they may here I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, 13ocoek, Bowie, Boyce. Branch, Bur-
nett, Cadvvaladcr, John P. Campbell. Carlil<v, Caskie, Clmg-
man, IIowcll Cobb, Williamson 3t. YV, Cobb. Cox, Craige,
Crawford, Oullen, Davidson, Denver, Dowdeh, Edmund-
son, Edwards, Elliott, Etheridge, Eusus, Evan*, Faulkner,
Flakier. Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Junes, Keitt, Kelly, lvidwell. Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, MoMulHn,McQueen, Smith
Miller, Million, Moidecai Oliver, Gir, Packer, Peck,Pelton,
Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ricaud, lUvers, Kuffin,
Hust, Sandid^e, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith^ William il. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swope, Taibott, Taylor, Underwood, Vail,
Walker. Warner, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bill mghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Buffinton, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Damroll, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Pe Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duiin, Dur&e, Edie,
Bmrie, Galloway, Gtddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Harlan,
Holloway, Thomas ft. Horton, Howard, Hu?hston,Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Iuiowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter,
Mace, Matteson,McCarfy, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pettit, Pike,
Pringlc, Ritchie, Bobbins, Robert?, Robison, Sahio, Sage,
Sapp, Seott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stamon, Strau-
ahan,Tapp?in,Thormgton. Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Wakemau, Wdlbridsc, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Elhhu B. W'ashbume, TsratS Washburn, Welch,
WelU, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood worth—94.
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, said: Mr. Speaker,
I have been requested1 to state that my colleague,
Mr. English, has paired oft', for this extra ses-
sion of Congress, with Mr. Miller, of New
York. Mr, English is at home,in consequence
of severe sickness m his family.
Mr. MORGAN. From a conversation I Jb*a
with my colleague, I ara lead to believe that he
had a wrong impiession in regard to the pair
which has just been stated b)#he gentleman from
