724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I do not say a word in disparagement of this
book. Mr. Giliiss is an officer of scientific ac-
complishments, well qualified for such a task;
and probably lie lias performed it as well as it
could possibly be done by any one. He is one
of tile most accomplished scientific men in our
own or any service in the world. Nor do I find
any fault with him for having submitted this book.
It adds to our national reputation; and if we go
into the manufacture of books, we could not have
a better one on this subject than that which Mr.
Giliiss lias placed before us. I do not begrudge
the expenditure for this book; but I wish to know,
as I apprehend every Senator does, when called
upon to vote for the expenditure of money, where
we are to stop. This whole discussion has grown
up, not because the price exceeds the value of the
works presented to us, but because every Senator
finds himself suddenly surprised at the enormous
expenditures which has been progressing from
day to day, when in fact he was not conscious
that he had voted a dollar for such purposes; and
very few of us now can tell whether we voted for
the printing of twenty-three thousand copies of
the Pacific railroad report or not.
I am very glad, sir, that this discussion has
arisen. We have spent to day $1,500 in discuss-
ing the question up to this hour, to ascertain
whether we shall vote this amount for printing
or not; but it is not extravagant: it may save thou-
sands, and perhaps millions of dollars hereafter.
It will do good throughout the country. If we
spent three or four days discussing this question,
and throwing light upon it, it would be well, for it
would induce the Senate, whenever a proposition
is submitted to print a paper of only ten lines, to
ascertain precisely to what it will lead.
In regard to Lieutenant Giliiss's work, we find
ourselves in this position: we have printed the
nurriUive—and a most interesting narrative it is.
What does it contain ? Let mo give the heads of
some of the chapters. It contains the " descrip-
tive geography" of Chili, the "political divi-
sions," " industrial resources," the "climate,"
" earthquakes," the " government," " society,"
"the church and its ceremonies," "Santiago,"
" Valparaiso," " a visit to the provinces of Ata-
coynaand Coquimbo," " mineral springs," " the
presidential election in 1851," " events concern-
ing the election," and so onall the way through.
This is information which, no doubt, we have in
the Library- of CougTess in many forms, but in
no form, perhaps, so compact, and illustrated so
beautifully, as in this book of Mr. Giliiss, for
which we are to pay $142,394.
I will not, as I intended to do, show the ex-
penditures tor oilier books. It might seem in-
vidious. 1 take this because it was a measure
under the control, in some degree, of the Navy
Bepaitment. It was an order conveyed to the
Sec retary of the Navy to detail an officer for the
pmpoRo; and when the report from Mr. Giliiss
came to us, it might just as well have been filed
in manuscript m the'Navy Department; and all
the good which was expected to be derived from
it would have been equally well attained, and Mr.
Giliiss would not then have gone to the labor of
preparing the book which we have encouraged
him to do, and m doing which he is in no wise
blamable.butfor which I think he deserves great
credit. As a matter of course, if we hold out
inducements to publish books in this expensive
manner, and illustrate them, no officer of the
Navy or A rmy will ever submit a bald manuscript
to Congress when he is told in effect, that all his
books will be paid for if beautifully illustrated.
I have shown that for this work alone, originatin0"
in a sum supposed to be under §5,000, we have
already appiopnated §83,331; and to get the as-
tronomical observations whicli he was appointed
to obtain, we are yet to expend £59,000. I see
jio way uf escaping it, and I suppose we shall
have to make the appropriation.
Mr. RliSK.. Mr. President, I think my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Cjuttevden] is laboring
under a misapprehension. He was misled, I ap°
prehend, by a statement made by the chairman
of the committee in reference to this expenditure.
The facts in regard to this matter stand precisely
thus: These reeonnoissances of the railroad sur-
vey, and ten thousand of the maps, were ordered
to be published by a resolution of the Senate.
The maps have been completed, and all that is
wanting now is anappropiiation to engrave them
March 25,
for the purpose of executing the order of the
Senate, and printing the ten thousand copies.
Therefore the only question which arises here is,
whether the Superintendent of Public Printing,
or the Secretary of War, shall have control of
them. The order has been made requiring this
publication; the material for the publication has
been prepared and is in the War Department; the
maps have been made out, and the order of the
Senate requires that they shall be published; so
that th e Senator from Kentucky will see that even
if this appropriation be refused, the Secretary of
War or the Superintendent of Public Printing—
either as it may fall to his charge—will be com-
pelled to disobey the order of the Senate or have
this work done on crcdit, and then we shall be
obliged to pay for it. That is precisely the form
in which the publication of these maps stands.
I think my friend from Kentucky will be satis-
fied with this explanation. Wo shall not save
anything if we stop this appropriation, but the
officers will go on and make the publication; there
will be a deficiency, and we shall have to pay for
it.
I desire now to answer a few of the observa-
tions made by the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman from Texas
will allow me to say a word at this point. I per-
ceive that I have been misunderstood. By some
means the idea seems to have obtained among
gentlemen that I opposed this appropriation of
$49,200 for publishing these maps. I said nothing
about it. I ventured" to make some general com-
ments upon the extravagance into wliich we had
been led, but I said nothing on the subject of this
appropriation, and I have thought that these maps
might be very useful; not, however,for the purpose
of making a railroad. The honorable gentleman
knows very well what are my opinions on that
subject, and I do not propose to debate them now
011 such propositions as this; but I have always
thought, and so expressed myself on a former
occasion, that a wagon road could be made across
the continent, and ought to bo made. To ascer-
tain where tiiat wagon road should go, I am
perfectly willing that these documents shall be
printed. They will doubtless give us information
on that subject, but I insist that the amendment
suggested should lie made, that you should not
appropriate ^49,000, but so much as is necessary
for the purpose of engraving the maps.
Mr. KIGLER. The Senator from California
agrees to that modification.
Mr. CLAYTON. If the amendment be modi-
fied in that maimer, I have 110 objection to the
appropriation. My remarks were entirely ad-
dressed to the general subject of extravagance in
printing some of these books—-such as Gilliss's,
and Perry's, and Wilkes's.
Mr. RUSK. I am sorry the honorable Sen-
ator did not take his text on sou\e of those books,
rather than the Pacific railroad' reports. A few
days ago I think lie went out of his way to say
that it was utterly impossible to make a railroad
to the Pacific. The question of the Pacific rail-
road was not under consideration; the issue was
not made. He read from a very grave authority
to prove the fact that the countiy over which it
was proposed to construct this road was a perfect
desert, and that there was no chance of making
sueli a railroad across our own territory. Now,
sir, I take issue with him on that point, but I do
not intend to go into a discussion of the subject
now. He has repeated the declaration to-day;
but I think it is not necessary to go into the
question whether or not the Pacific railroad is
practicable. 1 have said already in this debate,
that these reconnoissances have gathered a large j
quantity of information, much more valuable I
in proportion to the amount spent than any ex-
pedition which Congress has ever set 011 foot
for like explorations. Now, I appeal to the hon-
! orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
j dev.] These explorations have been made; the
exploration of the northern route has been pub-
lished, and is before the world—before capitalists
—and they are investigating the practicability of
a railroad 011 that route. There are rival routes;
and, if he had been here for the last few years—•
I know he has been absent from the Senate—he
would have seen that the controversy has been gen-
erally in regard to different rival routes. There
is another route—the central route; there is a route
on the thirty-fifth degree of latitude; and one, in
which I have some interest, on the thirty-second
parallel. The facts in relation to the northern
route have been before the country, and they
show a state of affairs very different from what
was previously supposed. It is shown that a
railroad is practicable there so far as grades and
timber are concerned, notwithstanding what the
Senator from Delaware said the other day. Even
on the northern route it is shown that a railroad
is practicable; and, at different rates of cost, to
be sure, on nearly all the routes. I trust the Sen-
ate will let every tub stand on its own bottom;
and, having published reconnoissances of the
northern route, the same opportunity will be
afforded in regard to the central and southern
routes.
I will read a few extracts—not from the North
American ^Review, from which the Senator from
Delaware read a political paper written by a gen-
tleman who, I suppose, has never been beyond the
Mississippi—but from the accounts of men who
have been 011 the ground. I will read what they
say about the deserts of which the Review spoke.
I read from the report of Captain Humphreys, of
the topographical engineers, to the Secretary of
War, dated the 29th of November, 1855:
ec The results of the investigations m the various branches
of physical science, in connection with the expeditions, are
ot gieat practical value, and full of scientific interest. The
geological and ineieorological reports are eminently so in
many points? of view. By tile former, it will be perceived
that the souices and quality of building materials, at vauous
remote and important localities, have been determined, and
iieh deposits of gypsum and limestone have been marked out.
On the mutes of the thnty-fifrh and the thirty-second parallel
tlie structure of deseit areas has been minutely studied with
special leterence to the practicability of obtaining water by
wells or boring, and generally with the most satisfactoiy
results. Fiom the repoit of Nlr. W. P. Blake*the geologist
of the expedition m charge of Lieutenant R. S. William-
son, it appears that the structure of the Colorado desert,
between Foit Yuma and the coast mountains, is very favor-
able to the success of Artesian borings ; and it is consid-
cied probable that an abundant supply of water would be
obtained by boring to a moderate depth. Such a result
would be of extreme importance, not only by facilitating
communication between Fort Yuma and the coast for Gov-
ernment trains, but as aielieftoiheemigrantparties whieh
are constantly crossing to California, through New Mexieo
and Sonoia. The general natuie and composition of the
soils aud sub-soils over the regions explored has been de-
termined, and analyses of the most desirable have been
made. An analysis of the soil of the alluvial portion of the
Colorado desert, wliich covers an area of four thousand five
hundred square nides, and is four times greater in extent
than the land under cultivation on the Mississippi river,
between the mouth of lied river and the Balize, shows that
it has all the elements of gieat fertility; and, but for the
odveise climatic conditions, would lival in its productions
the be^t lands of the Delta of the Mississippi. According
to the barometrical ievelings of Lieutenant Williamson,
the alluvial portion of this plain is lower than the surface of
the Colorado nver; and should this be confirmed by more
accurate modes of leveling—as there is every reason to be-
lieve it would be—an extensive system of irrigation would
entirely change the character of its surface by the introduc-
tion of water, the only element required for greater pro-
ductiveness. About one half of the Colorado desert is
within our territory.
" Valuable ores of several metals have been brought in
and examined, and their localities visited and described.
A specimen trom the collection of Captain Pope pioves to
be a m.ihi of carbonate of lead, neaiJy puie. and contain-
ing seventy-two per cent, of metal. Another specimen of
until, taken from the bed of Delaware ereclf, contains
over eighteen per cent, of nee sulphur. In California, two
v<>ius ol copper oie, one of non, and one of antimony, of
gieat extent and richness, have been found and reported
upon, worth alone the whole cost of Lieutenant William-
son's expedition. The chaiaeter and extent of large de-
posits of bitumen or asphalt near Lo^ Angelo<? has al^o
been made known. The examination of a collection of
salty and alkaline mentations from the soil and dry lakes
of California ehows that they consist principally of salt,
Milphate of magnesia, and carbonate of soda. Niter was
not found m any quantity."
This statement is in reference to that part
which was regarded as the most desert portion
ot the whole region. J have no objection to tho
publication of maps of Central America; but
when we have explored, at great expense, a re-
gion of our own country which has heretofore
been supposed to be a desert, and have obtained
information which is entirely new, and when
there is already an order of the Senate that it
shall be laid before the people, it does seem tome
that an appropriation should be made promptly,
and at once, rather than allow it to furnish texts
for the purpose of talking of the extravagances
of the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Delaware and my-
self will agree in regard to checking- this extrav-
agance. I think we are perhaps about two of the
most appropriate gentlemen to commence this
reform in the Senate, for I hardly remember voting
