1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
Georgia makes suggestions, I shall wish to reply;
and 1 therefore object to discussion.
Mr. COBB. I am not going to make any point
upon the gentleman from Ohio. I am not going
to say anything to which he will desire to reply.
1 merely desire to say that, for the purpose of
bringing the House to a test vote as soon as possi-
ble upon this proviso, I hope that the previous
question will be sustained, that we shall pass the
bill at once and send it to the Senate, where the
proviso will be stricken out, and the bill come back
to the House. We can then have a direct vote
upon the question at issue.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio I ask the gentle-
man by what authority he makes the statement
that the Senate will strike out the proviso ? I ex-
pect- that they will pass the bill as we have re-
ported it.
Mr. COBB. I will answer the gentleman.
Tilr. GtUiTMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if debate js ill order?
The SPKAKEit. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CL1^TGMA^T. I insist upon my call for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question w-ts seconded, and tlio
main question ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was orded to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLIXGMAN. If a contest is to be made
upon this bill, we might as well go back and com-
mence at the right place. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. COBB. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion to recon-
sider. If the gentleman desires to defeat the bill,
the course he is pursuing is the way to accom-
plish it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot vofe for the bill
in the shape m which it now stands.
Mr. COBtj. The gentleman need not vote for
it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was willing that the bill
should pass without calling the yeas and nays
upon it; but I cannot vote lor the lull. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
motion to reconsidei on the table.
Mr. COBB. I again appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. JONES. If we refuse to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table, and then reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, will not the pie-
vious question be exhausted, and cannot we then
move to strike out the proviso?
The SPEAKER. That motion can be made
in the contingency mentioned by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
The yeas and nays were refused upon the mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the tabic.
The question recurring upon the passage of the
bill9
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 77; us follows:
YEAS —Mcsm-s. Albright, Allreon, Baibour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, B<jum->u." Billin^liurst, Bingham, B!i^.
Brad-dl.tw, Brcnton, Butnnton, James 11. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, E/,ia Ciar«i, dawson. Colfax, Co-
iniiis, Covode, Ciagm, CumbacK, Demrell, Henry Winter
Daw., Timothy Davis., Dean, Do Witt, D:ck, Dicks-on,
Dodd, Bailee, Edie, Edwaids, Emrie, Flasiei, Galloway.
Giddsngs, GjJbeit, Giai'gcr, Grow, Harlan, Haven. Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Horton, Howoid, Huston, Kelsey,
King, Kuapp, Knight, Knowkon, Knox, KnnkeL heifer,
Maueson, McCarfy, Moipan, Momll, Mott, Mmtay, Nni
ton. Andrew Oliver, Poiker, Peiion, PetUt, Pike, Pruigle,
Puiviance, Ritchie, Robbing Roberts, Kobison, Sabm,
fc>age, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stran-
ahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston. Todd. Tsafton.
Tyson. Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cndwal-
ader C. Washburne, EUihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
barn, Weicti, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woochuff, and
Wood'worth—09.
NA YS—Messrs. Atken, Akers, Ba>ksdale, Bell, Hendley
S Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boycc, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
wahuler, John P. Campbell, Garble, Caskie, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craigo, Craw-
ford, Cullen, Dowdeil, Dunn, Edmund^on, Elliott, Ether-
idgo, Florence, Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Au.>ut-tiw Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Hauls,
Thontax L. Harris, Harrison, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewctt, Geor«e W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kennett, Kid-
well, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, IVIace, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell,McMulhn,McQueen,
Smith Millet, .Mdlson, Motdeeai Oliver, Orr, Pennington,
Phelps, Powell, Puryeai, Quitman. Ricaud, Rivers, Rnffin,
R'l-t, Shoiter, William Smith, William R. Smith, Stanton,
Stewart, Taibott, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Daniel
B. Wn-rht, and John V. Wri-jlit—77.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House
take a reccss fot half on hour—until two o'clock.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I objcct.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
motion is not in order.
DTEDALS FROM FOREIGN" GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. HENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table,
and put upon their passage, two joint resolutions
allowing eeitain gentlemen—Professor llache,
Lieutenant Maury, and two sur^.-on,5 at Norfolk
—to receive medals given to them by foreign
Governments. The attention of the country was
called to this matter in the annual message of the
President, and I cannot conceive that any man
can have an objection to their receiving those
medals. [Cries of " No objection!5']
No objection being made, the following joint
resolution was taken from the Speaker's table,
and reported to the House:
A resolution (S. R. No. 23) authorizing the
acceptance of certain medals from foreign Gov-
ernments.
The resolution, which was read a first and
second time, provides that Surgeon Thomas
Williamson and Passed Assistant Surgeon James
F. Harrison, of the United States Navy, be au-
thorized to accept the gold medals recently
awarded to them by the Emperor of Franco: and
that M. F. Maury, of the Unifd States Navy,
be authorised to accept the gold medals recently
presented to him bv the Governments of Prussia
and Hollond.
Mr. W 1NSLOW. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding thereto, after the word " Hol-
land," the words "and the Republic of Bremen."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CiUJTMAN. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BENSON moved to recons'dor the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table: which Litter motion was agreed to.
The following joint resolution was then taken
from the Speaker's table, and reported to the
House:
A resolution (3. R. No. 37) authorizing Alex-
ander D. Bache, Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, to accept the gold medal recently pre-
sented to him by the King of Sweden.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and ordered to a third reading.
The resolution was then read the third time; and
the question recurred upon its passage.
Mr. CASKIE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon its passage; and upon the yeas and nays I
call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Whitney were appointed.
The question was taken; and the yeas and
nays were ordered, the tellers having reported—
ayes thirty-four; a sufficient number.
"The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 149, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Mews. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Barbour, Barks-
dale, Bell, Henrv Bennett. Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham,
Whs?, Bowie, Bovce, Brachhaw, Branch, Builhiton. Cad-
walader, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cox, Cragm, Crawford, CuHun, Cumback, Damrell, David-
son, Hemy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdeil, Dunn, Edie, Emrie, Ether-
idge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Galloway,
Guldmgs, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Grow, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Jcwett, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, King,
Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, Mc-
Queen, Smith MiJler, Morgan, Mori ill, Mott, Murray, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Peck, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Puryoar, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Rivers, Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp,
Scott, Seward, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A.
■Smith, William R Smith, Snecd, Spinner, Stephens, Stran-
ahan, Swope, Taibott, Tappan, Taylor. Thormgron, Thurs-
ton, Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, Vail. Wade, Wakeman,
Waldroa, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wasliburne
Isiael Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams.
WinsSow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, John V. Wright,
and Zollicofiei—149. ,
NAYS — Messts. Hendley S. Bennett, Burnett, Carlile,
Cai-kje, Craure, Edmundson, Greenwood. Ilailan, Houston,
Leiter, Letcher, McMulHn, Million, Powell, Quitman,
Rufiiii, Bust, William Smith, Todd, and Elliliu B. Wash-
burrio—20.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CULLEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
move*to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY BILL.
A mes.-^aje was received from the Senate, by
Asbtr-y Die kins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill of the
House (No. 57!)) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857, with an amendment; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move, by unani-
mous consent, that the House take up the Army
appropriation bill, with the amendment of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out the following piovko :
Providi<1, That no pait oi the miliary force of the (Tin-
ted State*-, for the support of \v:r.eh appiopuauons ar«
made by t!iu< act. Miall bf employed m aid oi the enforce-
ment of aoy enactment heimnoie passed by the bodies
claiming to oe tho Teriitouai Legislature of Kansas.
The SPEAKER stated tho question to be on
concurrence in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. Oltlt. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
concurring m the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 93; as follows:
YE\S— Messi*. Aiken, Akers, Baib-d-ile, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett. Bocock, Bowie, Boyeo, Bianch, Burnett, Cad-
vvalador, J. lm P. Campbell, Cailile, Oifkie, Clnif man,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R W Cobb, Cox, (Uaigo, (Jiaw-
foid. Cullen, David-on, Hemy Winter Davis, Denver, Dow-
deil, Kdmundson, EiUott, litheridae, Eu&ti>, Evans, Faulk-
neu J'l^K'nc--, 'J'iiojnas J. D. Puller, Goode, Greenwood,
Aiij'mi Hall, .L Monison Harris, Sampson W. Barns,
Thomas. L. Hains Hanson, Haven, lliejcman, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, Geotge W. Joneb, J. Glancj J oner., Kent,
Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alex-
andei K. M tibial!, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
Mawvi II, McMulhn, McQueen, Smitii Miller, Mill-
bon, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packor, Peck. Phelps, Portei,
Powell, Piiiycar, ("lintman, Rieand, Rivois, Ruffin, Rusr,
Sandul"e, Savage, Sewaid, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
' William Smith, Wilham II. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,Stew-
! <nt, Swope, Taibott. Taylor, Tyson, (fnderwood. Vail,
I Walker, VYamer, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
i Window, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
cofier—101.
KAYS — Me^i* Albxighf, Allison, Barbour, Barclay. '
Henry Bennett. Ben- on, Bdlinghuist, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
shav/, brentoiu Buthnron, James II. Cainpbeil, Lewis i>.
Campbell, Chatiec. Ezia Clark, dawson, Colfax, Coming,
Covode, Cr<ujm. Cumback, Darmell, Timothy Davis, Dean,
DeWitt, Dick, 'Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
wards, Fiinne, Flagler, Gallo.vav, Giddings*, Gilbert, Gian-
per Grow, Ilailan. Holloway, Thomas R. Hoi ton, Howard,
Hu'diston, Kelscv/Kmg, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, IMcCai ty, Moi^au. Monill,
Mott, Murzay. Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pehon. Pen-
nington, Pettit. Pike, Pnngle, Pitrviance, Ritchie, Robbms,
Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Sim-
monss, Spnmer. Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgtmi,
Thurfcton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakoman, Walbndge,
Waldron, CadwaladerC.Wa-'hbuine.EiuhuB. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—98.
So the amendment was rongiirrcJ in.
