1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
but if we establish the precedent of printing pri-
vate petitions and memorials, our printed docu-
ments for the session will be very largely in-
creased , perhaps to the extent of several volumes.
When we commence there is no knowing where i
we shall stop.
The motion to refer and print was then agreed
to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was not in my place
this morning when reports of committees relat-
ing to territorial business were made: I now de-
sire to report several bills of that nature.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in order
in making reports having reference to territorial
business.
Mr. FAULKNER then, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported the following bills;
which were read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill providing for constructing a military
road between Forts Steilacoom and Billingham
Bay, in the Territory of Washington.
A bill providing for the construction of a mili-
tary road from Bridge's Pass, in the Rocky
Mountains, to the Great .Salt Lake City, in the
Territory of Utah; and
A bill to complete the military road over the
Cascade Mountains, in the Territory of Wash-
ington.
Mr. F., from the same committee, reported
back House bill (No. 179) for the construction of
a military road in the Territory of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely upon House bills of the following
titles; which were laid on the table, and the re-
ports ordered to be printed:
A bill to provide for the payment of commis-
sions to paymasters of the United States Army,
who paid the volunteers in Oregon, in the Rogue
river war of 1853;
A bill authorizing the President to raise a regi-
ment of mounted volunteers for the frontier de-
fense of Washington and Oregon;
A bill to provide for the construction of roads
and bridges, and for the improvement of rivers
in the Territory of Kansas, and to provide for a
geological survey of said Territory.
Mr. F. also reported adversely upon sundry
memorials, resolutions, &c., referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; which, without read-
ing, were laid on the table, and the reports or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. F. also asked the consent of the House to
report back Senate bill (No. 11) to provide for
the better organization of the medical and hospital
department of the Army. The same not bearing
reference; to territorial business,
Mr. GROW objected.
TIME OF MEETING.
Mr. STANTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That hereafter tiie daily meeungsof ttie House
be at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
ARMS FOR TERRITORIES.
Mr. WHITNEY. I rise to what I conceive
to be a privileged question. I am instructed by
the Committee on the Militia to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That the existing laws
providing for the delivery of anus to the several States and
T.:n nones are sufficient to insure the delivery within the
Ter.uories ot' Utah and New Mexico, of such arm* as they
me entitled to, at the expense of the United State*, m such
quantities, and under such regulations, as the President m
In.-discretion may prescribe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that a
privileged question ?
Mr." WHITNEY. I wish to be allowed to
say a single word. The Committee on the Militia
were directed to inquire into the expediency of
sending, at the expense of the Government, a
quota of arms to the Territories of Utah and New
Mexico. There is a law in existence requiring
them, in the judgment of the committee, to be
sent; but the Department of War, under rules
adopted by the President, have refused to send
them.
Mr. GROW. I make the point of order that
this resolution pertains to the Army, and not to
Territorial business.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that, as the operation of the resolution is confined
exclusively to the Territories, lie cannot decide it
to be out of order.
Mr. WHITNEY. The desire of the Territo-
ries is, that their arms shall be conveyed from
Fort Leavenworth to their limits at the expense
of the Government. The Department declines
to send them further than Fort Leavenworth. On
examining the laws connected with the subject
the committee were unanimously of the opinion
that the arms ought to be delivered in the Terri-
tories. An expression of that fact is wanted in
order to effect a change in the rules of the
Department.
Mr. Q.(I IT MAN. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Various improvements of arms are now contem-
plated by the Government; and, I think, until
what changes are determined on, this resolution
had better be referred to the Military Committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back a bill making appro-
priations for the completion of military roads in
Oregon Territory; wliich was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED Ul^jp
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that that committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title:
An act changing the time of holding the dis-
trict court at Wytheville, in the western district
of Virginia.
When the Speaker signed the same
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of
Kentucky, the House (at four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 24, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a letter and accompanying papers
from the Secretary of the Interior, relative to the
conflict of jurisdiction between the Federal and
Cherokee courts, and the inadequacy of protection
against the intrusion of improper persons into
the Cherokee country, and commending the sub-
jet to the consideration of Congress; which was
refeired to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a letter end accompa-
nying papers from the Secretary of the Interior,
respecting the sum of $16,024 80, now in the
hands of the agent of the Choctaw Indians, being
a balance remaining from the sale of Choctaw
orphan reservations, under the nineteenth article
of the treat'" ^f 1830, and commending the sub-
ject to the lavorable consideration of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
BARK TROPIC BIRD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to
report back from the Committee on Commerce a
bill to grant a register to the bark Tropic Bird.
It is very necessary that this bill should pass at
once; and I presume there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the reception of reports from standing commit-
tees, so far as they relate to territorial matters.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object to the proposition
of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. GROW. I move that further debate on
the bill to enable the people of Oregon Territory
to form a constitution and State government,and
for the admission of such State into the Union, in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the,
Union, be closed within thirty minutes after its
consideration shall be again resumed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I ask that by unanimous consent
there be taken from the table, and put on Us
passage, a bill to establish two additional land
districts in the Territory of Minnesota, which
was reported yesterday from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the gentleman, before
pressing his motion, to allow me to present a
report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
in reference to territorial business.
Mr. GROW. The bill which I indicate was
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union yesterday, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass; and when it is passed
I shall make no objection to what the gentleman
desires. We had better pass this bill first.
The SPEAKER. Reports relating to territo-
rial business are in order during the day while
the House is not in fcommittee.
JOHN CRAWFORD.
Mr. LAKE. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to withdraw
from the files of the House a land warrant which
was filed as proof, for the purpose of obtaining
the passage of a bill for the relief of one John .
Crawford, and which bill recently received the
approbation of the President. I ask that it may
be withdrawn, with a view to its location, as
provided for by that bill.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not exactly understand
the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. LAKE. This land warrant was issued
under the act of 1828, on account of money paid
in for forfeited land; that is, after the payment
of a certain sum, that sum was forfeited because
of a failure to pay the remainder. This land
warrant was issued under the act of 1828, which
authorized the location on any vacant land m the
district in which the original entry was made.
The bill which lately passed Congress allows
John Crawford to locate his warrant on any
public land now subject to private entry. That
bill has been approved by the President of the
United States; and all that I ask, at present, is
for leave to withdraw that warrant, so that it may
be located in accordance with the provision of
law.
No objection being made, the request was
granted.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. I would like to in-
troduce a bill in relation to the district court of
the United States about to be held in the State of
Wisconsin. Unless it is introduced and passed .
within a day or two, it will be of no use this
year.
Mr. GROW. I must insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to allow me to have
the bill passed.
Mr. GROW. I have been appealed to by
gentlemen on every side, and must decline.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question- of
privilege. I desire to submit a report in writing
from the Committee of Elections, on the Illinois
cases of Turney and Fouke, heretofore decided
by the House.
Mr. GROW. I object to everything not strictly
in order.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged report
relating to the right of a member to a seat in this
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the report lie
upon the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
The House then proceed'ed to consider House
S bill (No. 67) to establish two additional land dis-
! tricts in the Territory of Minnesota, reported
J yesterday from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union,-with an amendment.
The amendment is as follows:
In section four, line five, strikeout the follow-
, ing words:
I " And for the salaries of the land officers oreated by this
