1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
726
against one; and if ever the Senator from Dela-
ware did so it escaped my notice at the time. I
think, therefore, we ought to go into the reform;
but let us take one of the bad things when we
find it, and not jump on a proposition in regard
to the Pacific railroad, which I regard as of vast
importance. It is a measure applicable to our
own country. We have obtained information
showing the character of our own soil and terri-
tory, and we should spread that information
before our own people. I know that the Senator
has some partialities for Central America, but
then I would rather keep inside of our own juris-
diction; I do not like to swim; I would rather go
by land. I do hope that we shall agree to this
appropriation.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I certainly
do not intend, at this time, to enter into the con-
sideration of the question, whether the Pacific
railroad shall or shall not be made. The honor-
able Senator from Texas has read from a report
in regard to one of these roads to show that, by
the aid of certain appliances, it is practicable or
possible to make this road. Sir, what I stated
the other day in reference to this subject was very
brief. I observed, in discussing another subjcct,
to which this was germane, that I thought the rail-
road would not be constructed for a great many
years to come, and I doubted whether it would
Deconstructed by the piesent generation. I go
that far now. I never said that it was absolutely
impossible; but I said, that from the information
I had been able to gather from these reports of
explorations, I drew thatinference. Now, I am
not going into the subject so far as to quote these
reports, and occupy the time of the Senate at this
late period of the day, when the subject does not
properly arise on the pending motion. I have
said that I am quite willing to vote for the prop-
osition for which the gentleman is so anxious, if
it be amended in the way I suggested; but I shall
not vote for it with any purpose of making a
Pacific railroad. My vote will be given in the hope
that a wagon road may be made across the conti-
nent to enable us to reach California. Such a road
I have always been willing to support.
Now, sir, with regard to the railroad, I said that,
from all I could learn, it was nowhere shown that
on any one route which had yet been explored suffi-
cient fuel could be found, or even sufficient water
supplied, unless by the aid of artesian wells; and
in reference to them it seemed to me, from the re-
ports, that the information was very uncertain, and
was not to be relied upon. The idea of making a
railroad, and supplying water by artesian wells
where you may accidentally happen to find it on a
route of a thousand miles, may appear very prac-
ticable to the honorable Senator from Texas; but
I cannot agree with him. Then, as to the sup-
port of such a railroad when completed. I know
that there is not a railroad now in the densely
populated region, north of this, lunning as some
do between mighty cities, which is supported by
the through travelbetwccri the termini of the roads.
On the contrary, the way travel is the only thing
which supports these roads. If the Pacific rail-
road, which is the object of the gentleman's con-
stant attention, were constructed, it might be a
very grave question whether that road could be
kept up and maintained. If the honorable Sena-
tor will turn his attention to the enormous expense
of railroads in every part of our country, I think
he, too, will be induced to entertain some doubt
and hesitation on the subject.
Mr. CLAYTON was proceeding at length to
give his views in opposition to the project of a
Pacific railroad, when Mr. Weller requested
him to give way.
Mr. WELLER. The honorable Senator from
Delaware will allow me to interrupt him for a
moment. I yesterday introduced a bill for the
purpose of constructing a railroad from the Mis-
sissippi to the Paciiic; I appeal to the Senator
from Delaware to defer his remarks until that bill
is called up on the day which has been assigned
for it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I did not commence the de-
bate, and I am quite willing to leave it. I said
nothing on the Pacific railroad to-day; not a word
until the honorable Senator from Tennessee com-
menced by charging me with opposition to it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, ~l'ou spoke of it ;
the other day, in your remarks on the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty.
Mr. CLAYTON. That was several days ago
and has nothing to do with this debate. The
discussion to-day in regard to the Pacific railroad
commenced on the other side; I have merely been
acting on the defensive; but at the request of the
gentleman from California, I am willing that the
vote shall be taken. I have only spoken in de-
fense of the sentiments which I have advanced
on a former occasion.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a word or two to say
on this subject, and I shall give in a very narrow
compass the reasons why I shall vote against the
amendment. I am sorry to see a disposition too
frequently indulged to go off upon general debate
on a very small point, and I have no desire to
follow that practice.
Now, sir, I do not think this amendment is ref-
erable to the deficiency bill—a bill of anomalous
import in any point of view. I cannot vote for it
upon the ground of form. Perhaps I am not re-
markable for adherence to form; but, sir, forms
have their meaning, their securities, and their
protection. How do you bring forward this
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from California to a deficiency bill? It seems to
me rather paradoxical that you are to anticipate
that there will be a deficiency, and therefore call
it a deficiency in anticipation. This proposition
is to appropriate money to do something in future
—not to pay for what has been done.
Mr. RUSK. But we have ordered it to be done.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to pay before
the timecomes, and I may not be prepared to pay
for it then. At any rate, I do not intend to allow
gentlemen to anticipate expenses in this way,
under the name of a deficiency, in a deficiency bill.
Under a deficiency bill we are making a railroad
to the Pacific, or at least discussing it, and that is
one of the modes of making it, for it is the steam
which we get up here that is to start it. if we
get the steam up now to $40,000, it will be #150,000
at another time, and a million at another; if it
goes on in this way you make the railroad; I do
not undertake to say that you may not. I have
my views in regard to that railroad, and I intend
to give them hereafter,as I have done heretofore;
but this is not the occasion on which to speak on
that question.
Gentlemen express extremely large views at
the beginning of a thing; they are willing to con-
tribute to a stream which runs, crescit eundo; and
my friend from Delaware, my friend from Texas,
and, 1 believe, my friend from Kentucky, can
hardly be excepted from the remark that they
have had as enlarged views in regard to appro-
priations as any gentlemen on this floor.
J have opposed the publication of all these
works; I have opposed from the beginning the
violation of the Constitution, by which a census
was directed, not to take the number of inhabit-
ants, and the value of land and other property
which might be subject to taxation by the gov-
ernment; lout under the constitutional authority
to take a census, you have allowed the publication
of one of the most extravagant books, contain-
ing as worthless information as almost any book
that has gone to the country. One item in that
book is, how many idiots there are, how many-
newspapers, and how much cider is made in such
a place—all under the head of census. Then we
have the number of mulattoes and black people,
under the head of census too; and 1 believe it
was advocated by a Senator from Kentucky,
who was in this body a few years ago. I served
with him on the Census Committee. I allude to
the gentleman who proposed that we should pay
the marshals for taking the census by the square
root, (laughter)—Judge Underwood. All this
was considered very fair, and as coming under the
authority of the Constitution to take a census of
the inhabitants and an estimate of the lands subject
to taxation to support the Government. Instead
of that, we have a book telling us how many
idiots, how many lunatics, how many newspapers
there arc in certain places: I do not know what
is not in that book. I objected to even what is
called the Patent Office report, when it went
beyond what was necessary to disclose the in-
ventions submitted to the Patent Office; but we
have treatises on mechanics and agriculture, and
everything else. As for Gilliss's report I have
no doubt I voted against Us publication, because
I was determined, invariably, to vote against all
such propositions. If I did not vote expressly
against that, it was because my attention was not
called to it.
• I think, sir, Congress is the most prolific editor
of books and the worst editor in the world; and
the way in which these books are circulated is
different from the manner in which any other
books find their way to the public, and under dif-
ferent auspices. They absolutely go out under a
laudatory review and criticism, made before any
one has ever seen the books. This is the way in
which this matter goes on, and when we appro-
priate $5,000 for a work, supposing that will be
the end of it, weareaskedaftcrawhilefor$180,000
to finish it. Gentlemen inveigh bitterly against
this enormity when they are in part to be held re-
sponsible. I shall vote against the amendment,
and shall vote against everything I can in con-
nection with this subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will now take the
question on this amendment. I think it is time
we disposed of it.
Mr. WELLER. I was about to appeal to the
Senate to take the vote. I have been exceedingly
unfortunate in the bills and amendments which I
have introduced to the Senate. Two or three
weeks ago I submitted a bill making an appropri-
ation of $3,000,000; and on that bill, which was
designed to place the country, as it ought to beat
all times, in a proper state of defense, a debate
arose in regard to the controversy between this
country and Great Britain, and we had a war dis-
cussion. In this instance I have simply intro-
duced a proposition to carry out a previous order
of Congress—to engrave certain maps which a
year ago wc directed to be published; and upon
this I find that we arc engaged in ageneral discus-
sion of the merits of the Pacific railroad and the
propriety of printing books.
Now, I am sorry that my friend from South
Carolina did not himself observe the rule which
he has laid down for the government of others.
He, very properly stated, as a rule, that you
ought not, on a question of this kind, to engage
in the discussion of an irrelevant subject; but, then,
after having laid down that rule, he engaged in a
discussion of abuses heretofore perpetrated by
Congress in publishing books.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the subject of which
I spoke is in the amendment—the publishing of
Gilliss's report. I think that is part of the sub-
ject, is it not?
Mr. WELLER. It is no part of the subject.
The distinct question submitted to the Senate is
whether we will engrave certain maps which will
convey to this country important information ?
That is the question; and on that proposition tho
Senator discusses the propriety of expending the
public money in publishing Gilliss's works. I do
not intend to enter into that question; I only wish
to appeal to the Senate, as we have already con-
sumed about three hours and a half of the day,
to come to a vote. When these other questions
shall come up properly, they can be discussed.
I will say to the Senator from Delaware that
some two months since I introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the transportation of the mails tri-weekly
from some point on the Mississippi river to San
Francisco, in California. My great object is to
get an overland route—a safe emigrant route—so
that people may pass as readily and safely from
here to California, as they can through any of the
States of the Union. At some future day that
bill will come up for consideration. I am sorry
to say that it has been in the hands of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads for the
last two months, and there it seems to have been
smothered; but I shall revive it at some convenient
time, and then I shall be glad to have the support
of the distinguished Senator from Delaware ex-
tended to that bill. If he cannot go for a railroad,
let him give us a wagon road. I will try him oa
both tacks. I hope, however, that both objects
will be attained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that there
is but one practical question before the Senate,
and I desire to call attention to it. The Com-
mittee on Finance offers, as an amendment to the
deficiency bill, a clause appropriating over three
hundred thousand dollars for printing. An amend-
ment is proposed by the Senator from California,
to that amendment, to appropriate the additional
sum cf $49,200 for engraving the maps to accomp-
any the reports of the surveys of the routes for a
Pacific railroad.
