726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
That the appropriations for public printing are
most extraordinary and extravagant is admitted
oil all sides; but it is said that it is too late to rem-
edy the evil in this case. Is that so ? We are told
that Gilliss's report is in such a state of forward-
ness that it is now too late to arrest it; and the
report of the Japan expedition seems to be in the
same situation; but, as yet, only one volume has
been published of the six which it is contemplated
to print of the reports of the Pacific railroad sur-
veys. The largest amount of the proposed ap-
propriation, $240,000, 1 think, is to pay for print-
ing yet to be done; and the greater portion of
that sum is for the printing of the Pacific railroad
reports.
Now, sir, I am not to be drawn into a discus-
sion of the propriety of establishing a Pacific
railroad; nor am I to be placed in an attitude of
hostility to that project, because I am unwilling
to vote such a sum as this to publish not only
the surveys of the routes, but we shall undoubt-
edly have in these books, as we have in others,
pictures of Indians, reptiles, and everything that
is "in heaven above, or that is in the earth be-
neath, or that is in the water under the earth."
The Senator from California proposes to appro-
priate $50,000 to make engravings for those
reports. Now, is it too late to arrest these appro-
priations? We arc told that the Senate has
passed an order to publish a certain number of
the books, but I do not suppose it is too late to
stop the execution of that order. For myself, I
intend to vote against both the amendments before
us, in the hope that when they shall be rejected
a proposition will be made and referred to the
appropriate committee, to ascertain whether the
publication of a portion of this work cannot be
arrested. It is idle to say that six large quarto
volumes are neccssary.
Mr. WELLER. I will say to the Senator,
that three volumes of the railroad reports are in
the course of preparation. A considerable amount
of labor has already been performed on those
three volumes, and the maps are ready for en-
graving.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That consideration might
make it necessary, perhaps, to publish those three
volumes, but there are still three to follow. It
seems to me incredible that six large quarto
volumes can be properly filled with matters in
reference lo the surveys.
Mr. RUSK. I should like to know on what
authority the Senator says there are to be six
volumes ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been stated in the
debate, I think, by one of the members of the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. WELLER. That is my understanding,
and I think it is so stated in the report of the War
Depivrtment, which was read yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been so stated re-
peatedly, in the course of debate, on the floor of
the Senate. It. seems to me that, when it is ad-
mitted on all hands that these are extravagant
appropriations, we ought to commence to reduce
them, and we ought to commence at once. Now
is the proper time. Let us begin with the re-
ports of the Pacific railroad surveys.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that, in the estimates sent to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, and read yesterday,
this statement occurs:
"The I'acific laihoad reports are estimated to make six
volumes, one of winch is completed and paid for. Twenty-
three thousand nine bundled and twenty copies of each
volume are ordered to be printed, the paper and punting of
winch cost £34,101 79. Estimating the five volume* yet to
be printed to cost the same per volume, the aggregate wilt
be #170,508 95."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bears out the state-
men t which I made, th at there are to be six volumes
of these reports. If the pending amendments
shall he defeated, as I trust they will be, we can
refer the question to the Committee on Printing
to asccrtam whether the publication of some of
these books cannot be stopped. The way in
which we are drawn into these large appropria- j
tions is very manifest. They begin with small!
sums, but no one knows where the publication j
is to stop. 1 presume nobody anticipated that,
there would be six large volumes of the reports 1
in regard to the routes for a Pacific railroad. j
Even the Senator from Texas is now astonished
at hearing that number stated, and he has asked ;
for the authority. 1
I know not what may have been already ex-
pended for these works, but I hope some mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing will inform the
Senate as to the cost of publishing the Pacific
railroad reports. It will be borne m mind that
this appropriation is only for printing; there is
nothing here for binding; and in the next appro-
priation bill that comes before us, we shall prob-
ably find a large sum, perhaps hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, for binding this work. There
is no telling where this is to stop. For my own
Fart, I shall vote against both amendments, and
hope both will be defeated.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not intend
to protract this debate, and I do not think I spoke
five minutes when I had the floor before; but some
impaticncc was manifested because I touched on
topics which some gentlemen did not think came
fairly within the sphere of parliamentary debate.
I ask my friend from Virginia, who brings for-
ward the original amendment, whether it does not
contain an appropriation of a large amount" for
deficiencies in the printing of Gilliss's book? I
spoke of the abuses of book-making and publish-
ing. Gentlemen became impatient, and said I
transgressed the just limits of debate. Why, sir,
the whole debate has turned upon that question.
The Senator from Virginia introduced an amend-
ment with a view to make payment for books, and
I rose in my place to denounce the abuse in edit-
ing books of this kind, and yet I am called to
account for it.
Mr. WELLER. I believe it is a well settled
rule of parliamentary law that there cannot be
two questions pending at the same time. I pre-
sume my friend from South Carolina will agree
to that proposition. Now, what is the question
before us? The yeas and nays have been ordered
on the pending proposition; and when they are
taken the vote will be on an amendment, which
says nothing about Gilliss's books—a subject
which the Senator from South Carolina discussed.
Mr. BUTLER. I say it is within the amend-
ment. The appropriation asked for by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, is partly for
Gilliss's books,and this is an amendmentto that
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. Exactly so. The proposi-
tion upon which the Semite is called to vote is
this:
To provide for cnyravmc the maps and drawings accom-
panying the repot ts ofexploiations and snivels to determine
a Pacific imhoad route, {9,200, or no much thereof as may
be nocc^aiy ; and the said map* and diawms^ shall be en-
graved to the satisfaction of the Seeietary of War.
That is the distinct proposition before the Sen-
ate. I say there is no question pending except
that identical proposition, as I have read it to the
Senate. It is true that if this be inserted in the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia, the
question will come up whether his amendment,
as thus amended, shall be adopted; and then re-
marks upon Gilliss's books and the report of the
Japan expedition will be properly in order. I
only wished to suggest to my friend from South
Carolina, that he had better save his ammunition
until [get my little amendment on; and that when
the book question came up properly, I would
help him to denounce the system; but I desire
first to get the railroad maps engraved.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendmentto the amendment, resulted—yeas
20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Biglct, Brodhead,
Brown, Clayton,liodge, Douglas, Fossenden, Foot, Foster,
Geyei, Ilarlan, Houston, Jverson, Rusk, Stuart, Sumner,
Toueey, Wade, and Weller—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of New Hamp-
shire, Bicrgs, Butler, Clay, Cnttenden. Durkee, Evans,
Fitzpatnck, Hunter, Maliory, Mason, Pratt, Pugh, Reid,
Sluiell, Tiumbull, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question rccurring on the amendment of
Mr. Hunter as amended,
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to lengthen this
discussion, for I perceive the propriety of taking
the vote at once; but I wish to say a word or two,
because, in consequence of some remarks which
I submitted yesterday, it has been assumed that
I did injustice to Lieutenant Gilliss's book which
has been so nw^h considered here, and about
which so much has been said. I did not blame
the author of the book for its publication, and I
took great pleasure in saying that I learned on
good authority that the material of which the
book is composed, was prepared under instruc-
tions from the Government, and therefore he is
in no way responsible in presenting the material
or for having it published. I say this in justice
to a gentleman of very high qualities, whom Sen-
ators tell me, they think, suffered somewhat yes-
terday by a rather playful remark which I made
in reference to his book. I think the material
ought never to have been collected; I believe it
was a great mistake to order him to do so; and
when it was obtained, it was avery great mistake
to publish it; but for neither of these things is
Lieutenant Gilliss in any manner responsible.
My friend from Florida [Mr. Mallory] rather
took me to task for talking about birds, snakes,
lizards, and similar matters, of which the book
is full. I understand the material was obtained
by order of the Government, and then the Senate
directed it to be printed. For myself, I never
could understand the economy or common sense
of putting in astronomical books pictures of birds,
snakes, and lizards, and things of that sort.
What have they to do with astronomy? I dare
say every Senator, when the original order was
made for printing the book, supposed that it was
a book of astronomical observations.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask my friend
if he did not himself introduce the resolution for
printing this book?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly I did. I introduced
a resolution directing the Committee on Printing
to inquire into the expediency of printing  
copies of Lieutenant Gilliss's Astronomical Ob-
servations; but I never dreamt that, under that
resolution, we should publish essays on zoology
and natural history; nor do I suppose the Senate
thought so when they ordered the work to be
published.
I am as much opposed as anybody to this busi-
ness of book printing by Congress, and I have
always been so. It seems to me, however, that
there are but two points at which you can strike
to stop the abuse; and I desire to suggestthe only
modes m which, in my opinion, it can be done
If you will pass the bill introduced by my friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to establish a
Government printing office, the printing of these
books will cease to be a matter of jobbing.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think that is
impracticable.
Mr. BROWN. 1 beg my friend's pardon; I
think otherwise. If we do that, people out of
doors will not be seeking printing jobs at your
hands. You will then print at the expense of the
Government just what you need, and nothing
more. That will be one great reform. The next
point is to abolish the franking privilege.
If you will do these two things you will stop
this book abuse, and you cannot stop it in any
other way. Gentlemen in both Houses of Con-
gress wish books. It is no disparagement to them
to say so, and I mean no disrespect by the remark.
They wish books to give to their friends. The
printer wishes to get a long number ordered, and
frequently fifteen, twenty,and sometimes as many
as one hundred thousand impressions of a single
book are struck off—to do what? To give to Sen-
ators and members of the House of Representa-
tives to be presented to their friends.
If you stop employing a public printer who is
greatly interested in running out to these long
numbers, and if you do your own printing at the
expense of the Treasury, and if you take away
the franking privilege, so that members cannot
send documents to their particular friends free of
postage, there will be an end of this abuse. I do
not believe you can stop it in any other way. I
am for commencing the reform in the right place.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to move an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
His amendment as reported in the Globe is in
these words:
Public Printing.—To supply deficiencies in the appro-
pi uition for printing and paper ordered at the fiist seb&ion
of the Thirty-Third Congress, $57,173.
That covers Gilliss's report, and that alone.
The amendment then proceeds:
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for printing
of the fir^t session of the Thirty-Fourth Cong! ess, arising
under the joint resolution approved Februaiy 27, 1858,
$214,183 95.
This is not our deficiency, and the amendment
