im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Party Platforms—Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
[July 1,
Senate.
the Union whenever they have the requisite population for
one Representative in Congress: always, That
none but thcwts who are citizens of the United States, under
the Constitution and laws thereof, and who have a fixed
residence in any such Terntoryj ought to participate in the
formation of the Constitution, or in the enactment of laws
for said Territory or State.
" Eighth. An enforcement of the principle, that no State
or Territory can admit others than native-born citizens to
the right of suffrage, or of holding political office, unless
such persons shall have been naturalized according to the
laws of the United States.
" Ninth. A change in the laws of naturalization, making
a continued residence of twenty-one years, of all not here-
tofore provided for, an indispensable requisite for citizen-
ship hereafter, and excluding all paupers, and persons con-
victed of crime, from landing upon our shores; but no in-
terference with the vested rights of foreigners.
" Tenth. Opposition to any union between Church and
State; no interference with religious faith or worship, and
no test oaths for office except those indicated in the fifth
section of this platform.
" Eleventh. Free and thorough investigation into any and
all alleged abuses of public functionaries, and a strict econ-
omy in public expenditures.
" Twelfth. The maintenance and enforcement of all laws
until said laws shall be repealed, or shall be declared null
and void by competent judicial authority.
" Thirteenth. Opposition to the reckless and unwise pol-
icy of the present Administration in the general manage-
ment of our national affairs, and more especially as shown
in removing ' Americans' (by designation) and conserva-
tives in principle from office, and placing foreigners and
ultraists in their places; as shown in a truckling subservi-
ency to the stronger, and an insolent and cowardly bravado
toward the weaker powers; as shown in reopening sec-
tional agitation, by the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
as shown in granting to unnaturalized foreigners the right
to suffrage in Kansas and Nebraska; as shown in its vacil-
lating course on the Kansas and Nebraska question; as
shown in the removal of Judge Bronson from the collector-
ship of New Vork upon false and untenable grounds ; as
Bhown in the corruptions which pervade some of the De-
partments of the Government; as shown in disgracing
meritorious naval officers through prejudice or caprice ; and
as shown in the blundering mismanagement of our foreign
relations.
"Fourteenth. Therefore, to remedy existing evils and
prevent the disastrous consequences otherwise resulting
..herefrom, we would build up the ' American party' upon
the principles hereinbefore stated, eschewing all sectional
questions, and uniting upon those purely national, and ad-
mitting into said party all American citizens (referred to in
the third, fourth, and fifth sections) who openly avow the
principles and opinions heretofore expressed, and who will
subscribe their names-to this platform. Provided, never-
theless, that a majority of those members present at any
meeting of a local council where an applicant applies for
membership in the American party, may, for any reason by
them deemed sufficient, deny admission to such applicant.
" Fifteenth. A free and open discussion of all political
principles embraced in our platform."
Mr. President, at one time I did not know but
that I should join the American party which
made this platform, but I objected to what to me
was apparently a hard feature in it. I was un-
willing to join it, because, in my opinion, it did
not seem to extend to our Catholic fellow-citizens
that extent of religious toleration which 1 thought
was proper. It deprived them of no right, and
proposed to deprive them of none. If strictly con-
strued, it applied just as much to all other denom-
inations who aspired to political power. If con-
strued as a deed would be by the Senator before
me, [Mr. Bayard,] strictly, such would be its
effect. I was, however, unwilling even to indorse
what was a seeming imputation on my Catholic
fellow-citizens, because I had been educated
almost entirely by Catholic Irishmen. Half my
life away from home, I had lived with Catholic
Irishmen, and found them a kind and benevolent
people. I obtained whatever knowledge I may
nave of the classics or the other branches of lit-
erature amongst them. In addition to this, I had
represented, in the other House of Congress, a
district containing a large portion of the Cath-
olics of the State of Kentucky; and sounder and
better and truer Whigs I never knew. I never
knew better men, in any quarter, than many of
them whom I could name—the Spaldings, and the
Johnsons, Hills, Palmers, Q,ueens, and others—
true men, and old-line Clay Whigs. I did not
think it proper to wound their feelings, or even
seemingly to discriminate against or discounte-
nance upright, patriotic, good men, because of
any religious persuasion.
In addition to this, in reference to foreigners
outside of that persuasion, the Whig party, as a
party, had never got any of them unless by the i
most laborious of all sorts of electioneering, and !
a tough, hard, and expensive process at that.
The Democrats, who have been in the habit of
getting and holding them heretofore, will find
that in the eoxniqg contest—and I have seen in-
timations of it in two or three papers lately—that
as the battle waxes hot, (mark it as a prophecy,
for which I will agree to stand convicted as a
false prophet, if it turns out not to be so,) the Ger-
mans and the foreign Catholics generally, with
Cunie faith and traitorous turning, in the day of
attle, will go over, horse, foot, and dragoons, to
the enemy. Fremont and the Free-Soilers will get
them; their adder-fangs will sting and poison the
party that has cherished them into life and im-
portance. I want the Whigs of Kentucky, like
Caesar's tenth legion in the hour of danger, when
the party is scattered elsewhere, to walk up and
stand to the nearest approximation and closest
affiliation to the principles which they have ever
sustained, by supporting Millard Fillmore, as he
stands on the Philadelphia platform, and on his
letter of acceptance. That letter does honor to
him. I will read it:
Paris, May 21,1856.
Gentlemen : I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your letter informing me that the National Con-
vention of the American party, which had just closed its
session at Philadelphia, had unanimously presented my
name for the Presidency of the United States, and associ-
ated with it that of Andrew Jackson Donelson for the Vice
Presidency. This unexpected communication met me at
Venice, on my return from Italy, and the duplicate, mailed
thirteen days later, was received on my arrival in this city
last evening. This must account for my apparent neglect
in giving a more prompt reply.
You will pardon me for saying that, when my adminis-
tration closed in 1853,1 considered my political life as a
public man at an end, and thenceforth I was only anxious
to discharge my duty as a private citizen. Hence I have
taken no active part in politics. But I have by no means
been an indifferent spectator of passing events, nor have
I hesitated to express my opinion on all political subjects
when "asked, nor to give my vote and private influence
for those men and measures I thought best calculated to
promote the prosperity and glory of our common country.
Beyond this, I deemed it improper for me to interfere.
But this unsolicited and unexpected nomination has im-
posed upon me a new duty, from which I cannot shrink;
and therefore, approving, as I do, of the general objects of
the party which has honored me with its confidence, I
cheerfully accept its nomination, without waiting to inquire
of its prospects of success or defeat. It is sufficient for me
j to know that by so doing I yield to the wishes of a large
portion of my fellow-citizens in every part of the Union,
who, like myself, are sincerely anxious to see the adminis-
tration of our Government restored to that original simpli-
city and purity which marked the first years of its existence,
and, if possible, to quiet that alarming sectional agitation
which, while it delights the monarchists of Europe, causes
every true friend of our own country to mourn.
Having the experience of past service in the administra-
tion of the Government, I may be permitted to refer to that
as the exponent of the future, and to say, should the choice
of the convention be sanctioned by the people, I shall,
with the same scrupulous regard for the rights of every
section of the Union which then influenced my conduct,
. endeavor to perform every duty confided by the Constitu-
tion and laws to the Executive.
As the proceedings of this convention have marked a
new era in the history of the country, by bringing a new po-
litical organization into the approaching Presidential can-
vass, I take the occasion to reaffirm my full confidence in
the patriotic purposes of that organization, which I regard
as springing out of a public necessity, forced upon the coun-
try, to a large extent, by unfortunate sectional divisions,
and the dangerous tendency of those divisions towards dis-
union. It alone, in my opinion, of all the political agencies
now existing, is possessed of the power to silence this vio-
lent and disastrous agitation, and to restore harmony by its
own example of moderation and forbearance. It has a
claim, therefore, in my judgment, upon every earnest friend
of the integrity of the Union.
So estimating this party, both in its present position and
future destiny, I freely adopt its great leading principles as
announced in the recent declaration of the National Coun-
cil at Philadelphia—a copy of which you were so kind as to
inclose me—holding them to be just and liberal to every
true interest of the country, and wisely adapted to the es-
tablishment and support of an enlightened, safe, and effect-
ive American policy, in full accord with the ideas and the
hopes of the fathers of our Republic.
I expect shortly to sail for America, and, with the bless-
ings of Divine Providence, hope soon to tread my native
soil. My opportunity of comparing my own courtry and
the condition of its people with those of Europe, has only
served to increase my admiration and love for our own
blessed land of liberty, and I shall return to it without even
a desire ever to cross the Atlantic again.
I beg of you, gentlemen, to accept my thanks for the very
flattering manner in which you have been pleased to com-
municate the results of the action of that enlightened and
patriotic body of men who composed the late convention,
and to be assured that
I am, with profound respect and esteem, your friend and
fellow-citizen, MILLARD FILLMORE.
Here is an extract from Mr. Fillmore's New-
burg speech: j
" Fellow-Citizens of Newbarg: Accept my cordial
thanks for this unexpected and hearty welcome. My friend
has introduced me as the standard-bearer of the American
party and a friend of the Union. For the former position I ;
am indebted to my friends, who have, without my solicita- ;
tion, made me their standard-bearer in the contest for Pres- '
ident which has just commenced; but I confess to you that >
I am proud of the distinction, for I am an American and with
the Americans. [Cheers.]
I confess also I am a devoted and unalterable friend of
the Union. As an American, occupying the position I do
before my countrymen, I have no hostility to foreigners. I
trust I am their friend. Having witnessed their deplorable
; condition in the old country, God forbid 1 should add to
■ their sufferings by refusingthem an asylum in this. I would
i open wide the gates and invite the oppressed of every land
to partake of the blessings of our land and country. I
would only exclude the pauper and the criminal. I would
be tolerant to men of all creeds, and exact from all faithful
allegiance to our republican institutions. But if any sect
or denomination, ostensibly organized for religious pur-
poses, should use that organization, or suffer it to be used for
political objects, I would meet it by political opposition.' In
my view Church and State should be separate, not only in
form, but in fact; religion and politics should not be min-
gled.
" While I did this I would, for the sake of those who seek
an asylum on our shores, as well as for our own sake, de-
clare as a safe rule that Americans should govern America,
j [Great cheering.] Of the foreigners who come among us
I would require for a proper season submission to the rule
many of them have so vainly sought to establish in the Old
World, that men born on the soil should govern their own
country. They who come fresb from the monarchies of the
Old World are prepared neither by education, habits' of
thought, or knowledge of our institutions, to govern Amer-
icans. The failure of every attempt to establish free govern-
ments in Europe is demonstrative of the fact; and if we
value the blessings which Providence has so bounteously
showered upon us, it becomes every American to stand by
the Constitution and laws of this country, and to resolve
that, independent of all foreign influence, Americans will
and shall rule America. [Cheers.]"
At Albany he said:
" The agitation which disturbed the peace of the country
in 1850 was unavoidable. It was brought upon us by the
acquisition of new territory, for the government of which
it was necessary to provide territorial governments. But
it is for you to say whether the present agitation which now
distracts the country and threatens civil war has not been
recklessly and wantonly produced by the adoption of a
measure to aid in the personal advancement of its author.
[Cries of ' It has!' ' It has!']
" Sir, you have been pleased to say that I have the union
of these States at heart. This, sir, is most true ; for if there
be one object dearer to rae than any other it is the unitjr,
prosperity, and glory of this great Republic. [Great cheer-
in?.] I confess frankly, sir, that I fear it is in danger. I
say nothing of any particular section, much less of the sev-
eral candidates before the people. I presume they nre all
honorable men. But, sir, what do we see? An exasper-
ated state of feeling between the North and the South on
the most exciting of all topics, resulting in bloodshed and
organized military array. But this is not all, sir. We see
a political party presenting candidates for the Presidency
and the Vice Presidency selected for the first time from the
free States alone, with the avowed purpose of electing
these candidates by suffrages of one part of the Union only
to rtfle over the whole United States. [Cries of " Shame!
shame !"]
" Can it be possible that those who are engaged in such
a measure can have seriously reflected upon the conse-
quences 'vhich must inevitably follow in case of success ?
Can they have the madness or the folly to believe that our
southern brethren would submit to be governed by such a
Chief Magistrate? Would he be required to follow the
same rule prescribed by those who elected him in making
his appointments ? If a man living south of Mason ana
Dixon's line be not worthy to be President or Vice Presi-
dent, would it be proper to select one from the same quarter,
as one of his Cabinet Council, or to represent the nation in
a foreign country; or, indeed, to collect the revenue or ad-
minister the laws of the United States ? If not, what new
rule is the President to adopt for selection to office that the
people themselves discard in selecting him ?
" These are serious but practical questions, and, in order
to appreciate them fully, it is only necessary to turn the
tables upon ourselves, and suppose that the South, having
a majority of the electoral votes, should declare that they
would only have slaveholders for President and Vice Pres-
ident, and should elect such by their exclusive suffrages
to rule over us at the North, do you think we would sub-
mit to it ? [Cries of ' No.'] No, not for one moment.
And do you believe your southern brethren less sensible
on this subject than you are, or less jealous of their rights ?
If you do, let me tell you you are certainly mistaken. And,
therefore, you must see, that if this sectional party succeeds
it leads inevitably to the destruction of this beautiflU fabric,
reared by our forefathers, cemented by their blood, and be-
queathed to us as a priceless inheritance. [Tremendous
cheering.]
"I tell you, my friends, that I speak warmly on this
subject, for I feel that we are in danger. I am determined
to make a clean breast of it. I will wash my hands of the
consequences, whatever they may be; and I tell you that
we are treading upon the brink of a volcano that is liabto
at any moment to burst forth and overwhelm the nation.
I might, by soft words, hold out delusive hopes, and thereby
win votes; but I can never consent to be one thing to the •
North and another to the South. I should despise myself
if I could be guilty of such evasion; for my conscience
Would still ask, with the dramatic poet,
"'Is there not some secret curse,
Some hidden thunder, with immortal wrath,
To blast the wretch who owes his greatness
To his country's ruin
In the language of the lamented, immortal Clay, 11 had
rather be right than be President!'
" It seems to me impossible that those engaged in this
movement can have contemplated the awful consequences
of success. If it breaks asunder the bonds of our Union,
nail Tprtlfl" anarchy and civil war through the land, what
