1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nt
as it stands is calculated to mislead the public: I
intend to face all my responsibility; but I choose
to take out of the case the responsibilities of
former Congresses. The whole of this sum is a
deficiency for the second session of the Thirty-
Third Congress. It consists of two items, one
for printing the Japan Expedition report, and
the other for printing the Pacific railroad report.
Sir, I should not have voted for the publishing
of either of these books, and I do not intend now
to vote for them in any shape or form. If we are
to proceed to consider the bill reported from the
select committee on the Pacific railroad at this
session, what good will the five remaining vol-
umes of the Pacific railroad surveys do us ? We
cannot even read them until after we shall be
called upon to vote on the bill. As to the japan
expedition report, I do not know that it will
ever be of practical use to us.
I agree with my friend from South Carolina
throughout in reference to the Census report, the
Patent Office report, and all other books pub-
lished by Congress. Last month we passed a
joint resolution, in great haste, taking for granted
the judgment of my friend from Virginia, by
which we took on ourselves the deficiencies of the
last Congress for public printing. That is the
joint resolution mentioned in his amendment of
27th February, 1856. I wish it to be understood
by the public—by everybody whose attention is
callcd to this abuse, where it occurred, and there-
fore I propose to amend the amendment so as to
make it read:
To supply cleficieneu's in the appropriation for printing of
the second session of theTlnity-Tlurd Congioss, which de-
ficiencies wore transferred to the account of the first session
of the Thiity-Foui th Congress, m virtue of the joint resolu-
tion, appioved Febtuary 27, J850, §244,188 95.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that
amendment. It states the facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Virginia
acccpt this modification as an amendment of his
proposition?
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be on the amendment as modified.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let it be read as it
now stands.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Public Printing.—To supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ation foi printing and paper oideied at the first session of
the Thirty-Thud Congicss, $57,173.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for printing of
tlif second sessionofthe Thirty-Thud Congress, which de-
ficiencies were l ansfened to the account ot the first session
of the Thirty-FourthCongress, m virtue ofthejomt resolu-
tion, approved Februaiy 27, J85f5, $244,188 U5.
To provide ior engraving the maps and drawms" accom-
panying therepoit of the suiveys and explorations to de-
teimme a Pacific railroad, $49,200, or so much thereof as
may be necessary; and the said maps and diawmgs shall be
engraved to the satisfaction of the Societal'}, of War.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to know whether
this appropriation is to pay for printing which
has been executed, or which is to be done under
the joint resolution referred to in the amend-
ment?
Mr. HUNTER. It is for both. It is to pay
for printing ordered to be done by the previous
action of both Houses of Congress, and some of
which has been done. A portion of the report
in reference to the Pacific railroad has not yet
been executed, but it has been ordered hereto-
fore, and this appropriation is to carry out the
resolutions of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. RUSK. A part of the type has been set
up, but all the volumes are not yet complete.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, as amended, resulted—yeas 22,
nays 12; as follows: I
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Bigler, j
Btown, Dodge, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, j
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Pratt, Xlusk, Stuart, j
Sumner, Toucey, Wade, Weller, and Wilson—22
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Belt of New Hampshire, Biggs,
Butler, Clay, Crittenden, Duikee, Evans, Fitzpalrick,
Pugh, ileul, and TiumbuH—J2.
So it was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I have three small amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Finance,
and then I shall have done. The first is to in-
sert—
For contingencies of the Army, $5,000.
This is in conformity with a recommendation
of the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. My next amendment is to
insert after the provision for the salaries of the
judges of the supreme court—
For salary of the circuit judge of California, $1,487 50.
This is in conformity with an estimate to carry
out an existing law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. My last amendment is to
add at the end of the first section of the bill the
following item:
For compensation and mileage of the members ot the
legislative assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota,
$6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to come in as an additional section:
Set. —. ,S2nd he it further enacted, That the proviso at
the end of the third section of the act -of March 3d, 1851,
entitled <k An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Oliice Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th ot June, lfc52, and for other purposes," be, and the
same is heieby, repealed.
Perhaps a word of explanation is necessary
in relation to this amendment. The act of 1851
authorizes the Postmaster General, in case of
defaulting mail contractors, to settle and adjust
their accounts by taking a less amount than the
bond specifies; but the provision was limited to
cases which occurred prior to that time. This
amendment is to repeal that limitation.
Mr. PRATT. The proviso of the law of 1851
should be read.
Mr. RUSK. I will state precisely what it is.
The third section of the act of March 3, 1851,
authorizes the Postmaster General, in the case
of defaulting contractors, to adjust their accounts
by taking from them and their securities a less
sum than the bond provided for; or, in other
words, to compromise a claim which might be lost
by default. There was a proviso limiting the
operation of the section to cases which occurred
before the passage of the law in 1851. The
amendment which I have now offered repeals
that proviso, and leaves the provision to continue
in full force unaffected by it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the second
section of the bill:
And that so much of the act approved March 3,1851,
as requires that all blank books, binding, and lulinglor the
sevetal Executive Depaitments, shall be furnished under
the dnection and supervision of the Superintendent of
Public Pi mting, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The object of this provision is to repeal the
requirement which was alluded to this morning
in the debate, that all blank books, and binding
and ruling for the Executive Departments, shall
be furnished under the supervision of the Super-
intendent of Printing,*. This amendment will place
the law as it was before that enactment, and will
leave the Departments at liberty to procure blank
books for themselves.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Territories to offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
Sec. —. 4find be it further enacted, That from and after
the date when the supenntendency of Indian affairs was
separated from the office of Governor of Minnesota, under
the provision contained in the second section of the act of
27th of February, 1851, the annual salary of the Governor
of«oid Territory, as such, be the same as if he was aho
superintendent of Indian affairs; and that the appropriation
heretofore made for salary for such superintendent be, and
the frame is hereby, authouzed to be paid as compensation
of the Governor of the said Terutory.
At the last session of Congress, a law was
passed authorizing the President of the United
States, in his discretion, to detach the superin-
tendency of Indian affairs in Minnesota from the
Governor of the Territory, and to place the In-
dians in that Territory under the charge of the
superintendent for Wisconsin and Michigan.
During the recess of Congress that power was
exercised, and the supermtendency of Indian
affairs was taken from the Governor. When the
organic law of the Territory of Minnesota was
looked into, it was found to contain a provision
that the salary of the Governor should be $1,500
as Governor and §1,000 as Indian superintendent.
The effect, therefore, of the separation was to
reduce the Governor's -salary- to $1,500, The
Committee on Territories was of opinion that no
Governor can live in the Territory of Minnesota
on a salary of $1,500, and hence we provided
that his compensation shall continue at $2,500, the
same as before, although a portion of his duties
has been taken away. W"e provided that this
shall take effect from the period when the duties
were separated. That is the whole object aod
effect of the amendment. ;■
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Public Buildings:
For finishing the portico and exterior of the west wing
of tlie Patent Office building, to pay the reservations due,
to put up the iron railing, and lay down the necessary flag-
ging and pavements, $150,000.
This item was not in the first abstract furnished
to me from the Department of the Interior, in
consequence of the neglect of a clerk in the office
of the Secretary of the Interior, as I before stated.
When I proposed the former amendments from
the Committee on Public Buildings, I had not
taken the action of the committee on this propo-
sition for that reason; but I have since done so,
and the committee have assented to the introduc-
tion of the item in the deficiency bill. It seems
to me to be peculiarly appropriate that it should
go there. I ask for the reading of a portion of a
letter which I have received from the Secretary
of the Interior in relation to the subject.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" As respects the item of .$150,000 for the completion of
the west wing of the Patent Office building, I beg leave to
say that, in my opinion, it may fairly be regarded as a defi-?
cieney item; and it would have been treated as such at the
commencement of the session but from the hope that the
funds then on hand would not be likely to be expended be-
fore the passage of the general appropriation bill. The work
has progressed so rapidly, however, that the fund is now
almost exhausted; and it should he replenished at once, or
the peisons employed on it must for a time be thrown out
of business. No appropriation was asked for on this ac-
count at the last session, and none was therefore made.
Under these ciicumstaiiees, I indulge the hope that the
amount now asked for may be provided in the deficiency
bill, or enough to last until the passage of the general ap-
propriation bill.
"I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
seivant, E. MeCLELLAND."
Mr. BAYARD. It will be observed that the
necessity for inserting this appropriation in th^
present bill arises from the fact, that no appropri-
ation was made at the last session of Congress, and
the fund which was before appropriated has been
exhausted. This sum is all that is necessary to
complete the west wing of the Patent Office
building. Unless it be appropriated very goon,.
the contractors and their hands must all be dis-
charged during the best part of the working
season; and the consequence will be, that the
Government will have to pay more for the com-
pletion of the west wing. I am informed by the
Department that the sum stated in the amendment
will complete the work early in the fall, and I
think therefore it would be wise economy to pro-
vide for it in this bill. This is the only reason
why the committee recommend it.
I may state further, that there are reservations
due, as they are called, which actually are owing
and ought to bo paid. There are portions of the
work done on which a certain amount was re-
served until the whole should be completed, and
part of the appropriation is necessary for paying
those reservations.
Mr. HUNTER. If this amendment be adopted
it will be followed by other amendments of the
Senator from Delaware as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, and I therefore desire
to make my point once for all. Many of. these
amendments are doubtless meritorious in them-
selves, and very proper to be inserted in the gen-
eral bill; but I believe that on this bill we ought
to put no appropriations except those which are
necessary to carry out some existing law, or to be
added to appropriations already made for some of
the necessary branches of the public service. If
there is not money enough for the army which
is in the field, or for the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment—if enough was not appropriated, we ought
to appropriate more in a deficiency bill. If there
was not enough originally appropriated for the
service of the Post Office Department we ought
to appropriate more. We may say tlie same of
the Judiciary; and in regard to any law which
has been passed, if the money appropriated for it
should be insufficient, 1 admit an appropriation
