m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
present national Administration, have the unblushing impu-
dence to stand up, and "say to those of us who have, on the
stump and at the ballot-box, through good report and evil
report, supported Jackson, and Van Buren, and Polk, and
Pierce, (until he for-sook his friends and abandoned his'
platform,} and have clung to the Democratic party like the
manner to the wreck, until there was not a single plank of
its' good old platform left to save us from perdition, that we
have left the Democratic party—that we have Changed and
gone overt® Abolitionism—when they know, and we'know,
and the whole world knows, that they are the men that
have changed—they are the deserters, that they have gone
off and offered saciifices to strange gods, while we are fte-
feftding the sacramentalaltars and consecrated fires of the
* God of our -fathers.' White we are, in good faith, main-
taining and, defending the doctrines of Jefferson and the
Democratic party> they are bowing down and worshiping
the Dagon god of African slavery."
I take issue with the allegations in the above
extract. I aver that the Democratic party of to-
day stands where it ever has stood—is national
in its sentiments, and in its organization, and
occupies no new ground upon the slavery ques-
tion.
I do not stop there^—I go further. I allege and
will show, beyond cavil or doubt, that the so-
called Republican party is a sectional party in its
principles—is identical with the Abolition party, :
and occupies the same ground which that party
did in the presidential elections of 1S48 and 1852.
Now, What are the opinions and sentiments of
the Republican party of Maine (for of this por-
tion of the party 1 intend to speak) upon the
great slavery questions, and, as they say, the
all-absorbing questions of the day? To prove
what they are, I will not rely upon the isolated
opinions of this or that man, but will adduce the
highest and most conclusive evidence which the
case affords, and it is ample, to wit: the repeated
resolutions of their organization, put forth in a
legislative as well as in conventional form. The
first is the resolutions of instruction from the
Republican Legislature ofMaine, approved March
17,1855, instructing the Senators, and requesting
the Representatives, to vote on the several prop-
ositions therein named, and are in the following
language:
" jResotoed, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to use all practicable
means to secure the passage of the Allowing enactments:
"First, An act repealing all laws of the United States
authorizing slavery in the District of Columbia.
" Second, An act repealing the statute of 1850, known aa
the fugitive slave law.
"Third, An act forever prohibiting slavery or involun-
tary servitude, except for crime, within the Territories of
the United States.
" Resolved further, That our Senators in Congress be
instructed, and our Representatives requested, at all times
hereafter, moat strenuously to oppose m every justifiable
way the admission of any new State into the tJmon, ex-
cept upon the condition to be embraced in the act of admis-
sion, that slavery or involuntary bomtude, excepting that for
crime, of which the accused hhall have been duly proved
guilty, shall bo forever prohibited therein.
" Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a
copy of these resolves to each of our Senators ami Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and to the Governors of each State,
with a request that the resolves be laid before the Legisla-
ture thereof."
Did the Abolition or,harrison party ever make
greater demands than do those resolutions ?
Second. The call for a grand rally of the
Republicans of Maine, in mass convention at
Portland, on the 14th of August, 1855, signed by
the Republican State Committee, with the list of
speakers expected to bo present, and the resolu-
tions adopted, with extracts from the speeches
made by the gentlemen invited to speak, and
published immediately in the Republican papers,
and distributed very generally throughout the
State.
republicans of maine !
grand rally of the people opposed to the National .hhvuv-
istrution, andto the extension of Slavery over the Territo-
ries qJ the United States.
The citizens of the State, who desire to help rescue this
Republic from its perils and dowmvaid tendencies, are re-
quested to meet in mass convention at Deenng Hall, Port-
land, on Tuesday, August 14, to take counsel, and determ-
ine on such a course of action as the love of freedom and
sound patriotism demand. The slave power in this nation
has so strengthened itself by the forbearance and remissness
of tne North and West, and the treachery of some of their
.Representatives, that it is no longer a question whether
Alricans and their descendants shall be enslaved, but
whether the people of the tree States shall be the humble
servants of the slaveholding oligarchy ? It is not a actional
issue between the North and the South ; but the question
pressing on. us is, whether Democracy or aristocracy shall
rule the nation. To-day the Government of this mighty
Republic is in the hands of a class, and not of the people.
The years through which wewe now passing are to determ-
ine whether the free fatates are to be subdued province**,
with a mere outside or secondary influence in the councils
of the nation, or equality, good faith, and sound republic-
anism shall prevail among the States of this Union. Xs
the law of freedom, or the iron rule of slavery, to be re-
garded as national ? Let the freemen of Maine answer, as
the crisis demands. The Government must be restored to
the principles, and policy of its founders, or this Union can-
not permanently endure. The immense territories of the
West must be saved from the black tide of slavery that
threatens to sweep over them. Kansas betrayed, outraged,
overrun by armed ruffians, speaks to us with a tongue of
flame. The people of Maine will prove true to her instincts
of justice and freedom, and to her former renown.
Let the assemblage of August 14, m numbers and determ-
ination , be such as the occasion demands. Eminent speakers
of our own and from abioad will address the convention.
The following gentlemen are engaged, and confidently ex-
pected to be present on the occasion:
Maine.—William PittFessenden, Anson P. Morrill, Amos
Nourse, Samuel Mayall, Israel Washburn, Edward Kent,
Samuel P. Benson, Freeman H. Morse, and John J.
Ferry.
New Hampshire.—John P. Hale, James Bell, and Daniel
T. Ciark.
Connecticut. — Ex-Governor Cleaveland and Truman
Snnth.
New York—B. P. Butler and John A. Dix.
Edward Fenno, Charles J. Gilman, Hiiam Hubbard,
James M. Deering, Philander Coburn, Atonzo Garcelon,
Ftankliu Clark, Abncr It. Hallowell,N. G. Hichborn, Geoige
Downes, J. S. Munroe, John B. Morrison, John Bridges,
Lemuel Trott, and Washington Long, Republican State
Committee.
June 20, 1853.
Third. Resolutions adopted at the same meet-
ing with " thundering unanimity:"
" We, the people of Maine, membeis of the Republican
party, assembled in State convention, believing the ques-
tion of human freedom to be paramount to all other political
questions now agitating our country, hereby declare the
pnnciples which have brought us together, and for which
we will contend until they .shall he adopted as a controlling
element in the administration of our national Government.
" 1. That the Constitution of the United States was de-
signed by the people who adopted it to be a law of impar-
tial government.
"'2. That l>y the Constitution, Congress is made the
special guardian of the liberties of the people inhabiting
the District of Columbia and the Terutories of the Unifd
States j and until it shall abolish slavoiy m the former, and
forever piohiiut it in the latter, it remains false to the sol-
emn tru^t committed to its charge.
" li. That the Constitution, while it prohibits the several
States from enacting any 'law or regulation' dischaigmg
fugitives from service or labor fromtheirobhgations,conlfcis
no power whatever upon Congress to legislate on this sub-
ject. The act of 1850, called the fugitive slave law, is
therefore, not only inhuman, hut unconstitutional in its
provisions, and should be immediately and unconditionally
repealed.
{4. That it is the right and the duty of Congress, in all
acts for the admission of new States into the Union, to
prohibit forever the introduction of slavery therein."
Extracts from the speech of Mr. Wade, of
Ohio, the present Senator from that State:
(C I know veiy well that you have among you, as we have
among ua at the West, a few men who think they can reor-
ganize the old Whig party. Now. sir, I can speak very
freely of that paity, because X belong to it. I tollowed that
party, with an unwavering fidelity, fbr twenty-live years;
but I say now that thnt organization is not only dead, but
italieady stmkcth; and they who e\pect to icWcitnte it
expect a miiaele greater than that that was wrought at the
tomb of Lazarus. (Renewed applause.] I was present
when it died. It died the death of a felon; and J stand
he.ro to-day to pronounce it dead—dead—dead ! It died by
Uie perftdv of us own membeis—thus committing a kind
of political .yuieide.
u I am not going to ppeak about your Nebraska bill, fori
have already told "yon that the Noi th is completely prostiate
by this curse of slaveiy. There is no union now between
us and the South. The pretended Union now existing is all
meretricious—the heart does not participate in it; and I
believe, from all that I have seen, and I am one ol those who
dino speak what I believe—I believe that thcic are no iwo
nations on earth—not even the Russians and the English at
tins day—who at heai tfeel more enmity towards each other
than the men of the North and the South."
Extracts from the speech of Hon. Israel
Washburn-, Jr., from Maine:
" I regaid our action this year as being of as much im-
portance as it was last year, and more important, perhaps,
than it will be next yeai; foi on what we do in 1855 depends,
in a great measure, wnat we will do in ISoG; and not only
so, but it depends in a great degree on what Maine may do
this year, as to what will be done in other States m 1856.
As we put the bail in motion, so it will go on rolling to the
end. Let Maine triumph nobly this year, as she will, [very
great applause;] let her elect Morull as her Governor by
ten thousand majority, as she will, [renewed applause;]
let her do that—let the word be sent to Ohio; and let Ohio
respond with her one hundred thousand majorityfor Chase;
let Indiana and Wisconsin resound with similar music;
and then let the inliuence of these triumphs retum to the
Umpire State and the Old Bay State m November; let the
North be swept now, and we may be sure that, in 1856, a
northern Republican President will be elected; and that is a
result which will be in no small measure influenced by this
meeting in Portland to-day, and by the vote of Maine on
the 10th of September next. That done, the State Legis-
latures will be changed, so that, during the first Coneress
of the next Presidency, we shall have all the branches of
the Government, and will thus be enabled to make slavery
sectional and freedom national as it should be. [Applause.]
But lex us break down now; let Wells be elected or Mor-
rill defeated—no matter how—and what will you hear?
Why, it will go abroad swifter than if on the wings of the
wind, that Maine is backing down; that Maine is sustain-
ing the Pierce administration; that the Democracy of sla-
very is triumphant; that the Representatives of Maine have
been rebuked; and that Moses McDonald has been sus-
tained. That will be the word, and you all know it."
How unfortunate for the gentleman, in that
instance, did his predictions prove ? It was almost
cruel in the people of Maine to throw a wet blanket
over the high hopes and bright visions of the
future, as they so beautifully glittered in the gen-
tleman's imagination. Now, have the Republi-
ans of Maine ever repudiated these sentiments?
Do they not hold to them to-day ? "Who will say
that they are not now the sentiments of that party ?
Everybody knows that the above resolutions, and
those sentiments, constitute the platform of the
Republican party ofMaine at this moment. Now,
compare this platform with the Abolition plat-
form of 1848, as established at the Buffalo con-
vention, which nominated Van Buren, and the
platform established at the Pittsburg convention,
August 12, 1852, which nominated John P. Hale
for Us candidate.
In 1852, three conventions were held for the
purpose of nominating presidential candidates
for the three parties. I quote from the platform
of each party, with the names of their respective
candidates, and the number of votes, by States,
which each candidate received. It will afford in-
formation of a useful character, in determining
this question of political consistency, and show
who it is that has taken a new position in 1856
on the slavery question.
The Democratic Convention at Baltimore (June,
1852,) nominated General Pierce, upon the follow-
ing platform touching the slavery question:
"9. That Congress has no power, under the Constitution,
to mtertere with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that such States arc the sole and proper
judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not
prohibited by the Constitution; that all efforts of the Ab-
olitionists or others, made to induce Congress to inter-
fere with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in
relation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most danger-
ous and alaimmg conscquenccs ; and that ail such cftoits
have an inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness of
the people, and endanger the stability and permanency of
the Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any friend
of our political institutions.
" That the foregoing proposition covers, and was intended
to embrace, the whole subject of slavery agitation m Con-
gress; and therefore the Democratic party of the Union,
btandmg on this national platform, will abide by, and ad-
here to, a faithful execution of the acts known as the com-
promise measures, settled by the last Congress, and the act
for reclaiming fugitives from service or labor included,
which act, being designed to carry out an express provision
of the Constitution, cannot, with fidelity thereto, be re-
pealed, or so changed as to impair or destroy its efficiency."
The Whig Convention at Baltimore, of the
same year, nominated General Scott, upon the
following platform touching the slavery question:
" 8. Resolved, That the series of acts of the Thirty-First
Congress, commonly known as the compromise or adjust-
mont, (the act for the recovery of fugitives from labor in-
cluded,) are received and acquiesced in, bv the Whigs of
the United States, as a final settlement m principle and sub-
stance of the subjects to which they relate ; and so far as
thene acts are concerned, we will maintain them and insist
on their strict enfoi cement until time and experience shall
demonstrate the necessity of further legislation, to guard
agam&t the evasion of the laws on the one hand and the
abuse of their powers on the other, not impairing their pres-
ent efficiency to carry out the requirements of the Consti-
tution. And \vc d.precate all further agitation of the ques-
tions thus settled a^ dangeious to our peace, and will dis-
countenance ail elforts to continue or renew such agitation,
whenever, wherever, or however made; and we will main-
tain this settlement as essential to the nationality of the
Whig party and the integrity of the Union."
The third party, being the Abolition party
proper, under the name of Free Democracy, in
convention at Pittsburg*, on the 8th of August,
1852, nominated John P. Hale, upon the follow-
ing platform touching the slavery question:
"5. That to the persevering and importunate demands of
the slave power for more slave States, more slave territoiy,
and the nationalization of slavery, our distinct and final
answer is, no more slave States —no slave territory— no
nationalization of slavery, and no national legislation for
the extradition of slaves. That the fugitive slave act of.
1850 is repugnant to the Constitution—to the pnnciples of
the American law—to the spirit of Christianity, and to the
sentiments of the civilized world. We therefore deny its
binding force upon the American people, and demand its
immediate and total repeal.
" That the acts of Congress, known as the compromise
measures of 1850, by making the admission of a sovereign
State contingent upon the adoption of other measures, de-
manded by the special interests of slavery ; by their omis-
sion to guaranty freedom m free territory; by their attempt
to impose unconstitutional limitations on the power of Con-
gress and the people to admit new States; by their pro-
visions for the assumption of five millions of the State debt
of Texas, and for the payment of five millions more, and
