88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nessee as slave States, Vermont and Ohio as free
States; and yet the Republican platform pledges
the party to admit no more slave States into the
Union.
What do the Republicans mean by this invita-
tion, when they invite you to unite with them in
forming a party that shall restore the action of
this Government to the principles and policy
which governed the administrations of "Wash-
ington aad Jefferson ? Are they sincere ? If they
are, they are both false and inconsistent! Ia it
not rather that they wish to invoke the example
of great names, keeping their acts in the dark,
the better to mislead and dcceive the honest and
well-meaning voter? They had better correct
their platform, and make it correspond with the
examples they profess to imitate. The fathers
and early Presidents were in favor of carrying
out all. the provisions of the Constitution in all
its parts; while these modern Republicans are in
favor of carrying into effect only such parts of it
as they like, and rejecting all other parts.
There is one other point of comparison I will
not omit to notice in this connection. The Re-
publican Know Nothing Legislature of Maine
enacted a law prohibiting the judicial courts of
that State from naturalizing any foreigner at all.
It is notorious that, as a party, the Know Nothings
stand committed to the policy of extending the
period of naturalization for the term of twenty-
one years' actual residence. Now, what was the
policy of the fathers " in the earlier and better
dtys of the Republic" on this question? In
Washington's administration the first act waa
passed, to wit: March 2G, 17S!l), to carry into
effect that provision of the Constitution which is
in these words: Congress shall have power " to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization," lim-
iting the oeriod of naturalization to two years.
In the administration of the elder Adams the
term was extended to fourteen years; and in the
administration of Mr. Jefferson the period of
residence was reduced to five years, where it
ever since has remained.
So much, then, for the comparison of the pol-
icy of the present Republican party with the
principles and policy of the administrations of
Washington and Jefferson, on this head, of nat-
uralization of the foreign-born citizen.
But I cannot let off my colleague, who affirms
that " that the Democratic party is a sectional
one," and that "the Republican party is na-
tional," without bestowing some further consid-
eration upon his allegations. The gentleman
undoubtedly supported General Picrce for the
Presidency m 1&52, with the full lcnowledgo of
his political antecedents. He must have known
the conspicuous part he bore in setting aside the
nomination of Rev. Mr. Atwood for Governor of
the State of New Hampshire, in consequence of
his writing a Free-Soil letter soon after his nom-
ination by the Democratic party. lie must have
been acquainted with the platform upon which he
was placed, and the pledge made to carry out tho
provisions of the fugitive slave law.
I conclude he was a member of the political
convention holden at Portland on the 4th day of
August, 1853, and addressed that convention,
which passed the following resolutions, among
others:
" Resolvci!, That wo recognize a-; fundamental Jcfferso-
niun principles of the Demociatic party,' the sovereignty of
the people '—the sacredness of the Union and Constitution
—taith m the intelligence of the peoph—strict accounta-
bility of public agents—and ' appeals to the virtue and intel-
ligence of the people' for Die promotion of the ends of true
JJeinocr.ttic Republican government.
•' Resolved, Thai Franklin Pierce, by the noble stand he
has taken in his inaugural address upon the principles and
present measures of the national Democratic party—by the
wisdom and foreca-t he has manifested in the selection of
Ins Cabinet and subordinate officers—by his honesty and
fidelity to the people, and by the industry, integrity, and
patriotism he has shown in the discharge of all the trusts
committed to his care as Chief Magistrate of the nation,
' commanded, and should receive, our unqualified ap-
probation and enthusiastic support.'"
The gentleman must pardon me for placing
before the House and the country the active
agency which he had in electing General Pierce,
upon the precise platform which ho now so in-
dignantly spits upon, and fiercely condemns.
While the President has stood firmly upon the
Baltimore platform, which was fully approved
and indorsed by my learned friend, he has found
it impossible to maintain an erect position upon
it, but has tumbled headlong into the slough of
Black Republicanism. X beg him to listen, while
I pursue this train of thought, touching his polit-
ical tergfversations, still further.
The following extracts are copied from the pro-
ceedings of the above-named convention, as pub-
lished in the Oxford Democrat, a newspaper now
edited by the gentleman:
" Hon. John J. Perry, of Oxford, and Dr. James M. Buz-
zell, of Portland, addressed the convention.
" On motion of Hon. John J. Perry, of Oxford, voted that
the thanks of this convention be tendered to the Democracy
of Portland, for the manner in which they have entertained
the convention; and to the officers of the convention for
the faithful manner in which they have discharged their
duties."
Still further, I beg to call the attention of the
House and of my consistent colleague, to another
and subsequentconvention, holden at South Paris
on the 16th of August, 1853, of which conven-
tion he was a prominent member. At that meet-
ing the following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
" Resolved, That the Democracy of Oxford county con-
gratulate the country on the election of Franklin Pierce to
the Presidency; that the unparalleled majority by which
that result was accomplished, affords, both at home and
abroad, a signal illustration of the deep-seated and almost
universal attachment of the people to Democratic princi-
ples ; that the policy of Ins Administration, as indicated in
his inaugural address, and as successfully cariicd out by his
official acts thus far, meets our cordial approbation; that
while demagogues and factiomsts may denounce his patri-
otic efforts to harmonize the Democracy of the Union, the
people whose virtue and intelligence are above all price,
will triumphantly sustain him, and thereby cooperate suc-
cessfully with a ruler after their own heart in maintaining
tho public honor and promoting the national prosperity."
From these resolutions, it is plain and clear as
noonday, that my colleague was, at the time of
their adoption, an ardent admirer of President
Pearce, and particularly of the personnel of his
Cabinet. There are some very significant quota-
tions in the first resolutions, to wit: "The sov-
ereignty of the people," " Faith in the intelligence
of the people," "Appeals to the virtue and in-
telligence of the people. One holding these sen-
timents, it would be supposed, could hardly be
unwilling to leave to the people of Kansas, as was
left to the people of the thirty-one States, the
question of forming their own domestic institu-
tions in their own way, uninfluenced by outside
opinions, without undergoing a slight change of
mind.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to ask, with
all that respect for the member from Oxford, to
which his position as member of the American
Congress entitles him, whether you, sir, or any
member oil this floor, in view of the indisputably
facts which 1 have presented in my remarks^
have ever known or read of, in the history of any
nation, the conversion of a public functionary
which was so sudden, so thorough, and so unac-
countable as that of the honorable gentleman re-
ferred to ?
The allegation that the Democratic party is sec-
tional and the Republican party national,made by
the gentleman, taken ill connection with the fact
that a portion of his own Republican constituents
undertook to celebrate (I should say desecrate) the
last nnniveasary day of American independence,
by hoisting a flag with only sixteen stars, emblem-
atical of the free States alone, is only equaled by
the coolness of the Spartan youth. The Spartans,
to perfect their youth in the art and strategy of
war, taught them to steal, but punished detection
with great severity. A youth had stolen a fox
and concealed it under his cloak; the theft was
charged upon him, ho denied it, though the fox
was gnawing out his vitals at the time.
THE KANSAS QUESTION.
The troubles now existing in Kansas ought
not to be. They seriously threaten the safety of
the Union. It is now no time to bandy epithets,
as to who is responsible or who is chargeable
for the difficulties existing at this moment in that
Territory. Tho all-important question is, how
can we best allay them ? Whether it were wise
or unwise to have repealed the Missouri restric-
tion is no longer an open question; for good or
for evil it was done. Even if it were wrong or
unwise to have repealed it, it furnishes no justi-
fication, or apology even, for those who may be
disposed to increase the evils which have followed
it. Questions of higher moment are now in-
volved—the question of domestic peace or civil
war. How does this question affect the people of
Maine, a frontier State, with property to the
August 28,
amount of fifty millions afloat, and exposed to all
the hazards of foreign aggression? Is it for her
interest to have the prestige of a strong national
Government, composed of thirty millions of oeo-
ple, to guaranty her security, or to be left at the
mercy of every marauder, whose cupidity the
ocean shall invite, with no other means of protec-
tion than such as a Government, about to break
up in anarchy, can-furnish ?
If the state of things now said to exist in Kan-
sas be permitted to go on unrestrained, the very
atmosphere will become rarefied by the intense
heat of excited passion, and prejudice, and the
rush from the surrounding States will be in-
creased, adding fresh fuel to the flame already
ignited, until the whole country will be wrapt in
the blaze of revolution. What can- be done to
avert this impending danger? What has been
attempted? The Senate have passed a bill re-
pealing the objectionable and obnoxious territo-
rial laws, providing for taking a new census, for
a new classification of the inhabitants into elec-
tion districts, affording every reasonable guarantee
for the enjoyment of the right of suffrage, and for
a free and unbiased expression of the popular
will. In thiAneasure of relief they have asked
the concurrence of the House oiftepresentatives.
The House have refused thatconcurrence. The
majority of the House are Republicans; it has
the organization. Upon whom, then, rests the
responsibility"? Certainly, not upon the minor-
ity, who voted in a body to suspend the rules to
take up this identical bill, when the Republicans,
to a man, voted against that suspension. Do the
Republicans desire to have the Kansas troubles
adjusted ? I unhesitatingly answer, I believe not,
until after the presidential election shall have
taken place. They have " tackei " to the Army
bill a proviso which is wholly unprecedented in
the history of legislation, clearly unconstitutional,
and one which they well knew the Senate would
never agree to; evincing a determination to arrest
the wheels of Government, unless they can coerce
the Senate and the President into tho adoption of
their policy, against their convictions of duty.
Thus Congress stands at a dead lock!
What is to be the end of these things ? The
Army disbanded—civil war rearing its horrid
front—inflammatory zealots, running to and fro
through the land, crying " no union with slave-
holders," embittering tne passions and exciting
the prejudices of the people of one section against
another. Can the result of such efforts, if per-
sisted in, be doubtful in the mind of any one ?
There is but one mode of escape, and that is, in
tho spirit of our fathers, to frown indignantly upon
the efforts of all such agitators, and endeavor to
quiet the public mind by inculcating measures of
pacification. I am willing to concur in any mode
of relief which shall give to the people of that
Territory a fair and just opportunity of express-
ing their wishes, unawed by threats or by inva-
sion from any quarter; and, as they decide, I will
abide by that decision, always provided they act
within the limits of the Constitution. My own
personal wishes are, that they should make Kan-
sas a free State. Those wishes, however strong,
I hold in subordination to the great principles of
self-government. I prefer, on many accounts,
that the question, whether that Territory shall be
a free or slave State, shall be decided by the
actual settlers therein rather than by Congress.
It is, after all, more a question of jurisdiction than
of measures, which really divides political parties
—whether Congress or the people of the Terri-
tory shall determine the question. I prefer that
the people should do it, for many reasons. It
better comports with the principles and theory of
our Government for them to do so. It was this
principle which settled the great controversy of
1850. The case of California was a practical
illustration of it. It worked well in that case; and
why not, tried by the same principle, in this ca^p ?
It must come to that after all. Suppose Congress
were to admit Kansas p.ss.a State under her
famous Topeka constitution : the moment she
was admitted, it would be clearly within her
power to call a State convention and revise her
constitution. All our institutions in this country
have for their basis the popular will; and it is
illusory and vain to suppose that any permanent
advantage can be obtained in either event, if the
people are determined to have slavery.
Congress has now been ia extra session over
