THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1856.
New Series....No. 92.
formation of a State constitution I object to this
provision upon a great principle. It is known to
the world at large as an American principle.
Mr. Sandidge's amendmentwas then disagreed
to.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] by inserting, before the word "citizens,"
the word " male." I want to make a single sug-
gestion to my friend from Virginia, for it seems
to me he has not considered the extent to which
his amendment will carry him if it is adopted in
its present form. According to my understand-
ing, the word " citizens" would include females
as well as males—women and children as well
as men; and that, if the amendment should be
adopted in its present form, it would give every-
body, men, women, and children,- the right to
vote in the formation of a State constitution in
Oregon.
Now, sir, I am not very much inclined to go
into an examination of the questions raised by
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. R. Marshall,]
as to the right of a person not a citizen of the
United States to vote in a Territory in its chrys-
alis condition of a State. I rather think that, in
consideration of the difficulties generally attend-
ant upon emigration to now and unsettled coun-
tries, we ought to be much gratified to have emi-
grants go there from any quarter. I think that,
when a man has gone into a Territory with a view
of settling permanently there, whether he has
been there six months or twelvemonths, accord-
ing to the principles of republicanism—I do not
mean Black Republicanism—but of the republic-
anism of the Constitution of the United States,
he ought to be allowed to participate in the af-
fairs of the government, and to have a voice in
the formation of a State government. If you
provide that these distant Territories shall be set-
tled only by those citizens of the United States—
native-born or naturalized foreigners—who have
been in the country five years, it would be along
time before the Territory would be settled at all;
and but few would go there at all if the elective
franchise is to be withheld from them after emi-
gration.
I cannot, therefore, consent to withhold the
elective franchise in these rtlw and distant Terri-
tories from those who are not actual citizens by
naturalization, which would require an actual
residence of live years in the United States. Our
true policy, as a nation, is to increase the popula-
tion of the country. We thus add to its material
strength and \ igor m resisting foreign aggressions,
and to the industrial resources of the country by
developing the labor of its inhabitants. But, sir,
I hold that the Constitution of the United States
has nothing to do with the question of the elective
franchise, either in the States or in the Territo-
ries, after they have, by the organic law, been in-
vested with power to legislate on that subject for
themselves. Gentlemen who cling to the great
absorbing powers of the Federal Government,
who would make this a great central unit of all
governmental powers—that class of politicians
may well enough contend that Congress has
power to regulate the elective franchise in the
States as well as in the Territories. I have
always held, on the contrary, that that was a
municipal question, belonging to the States or to
the Temtoiies after they have been organized as
such; for, according to the greatdoctnne of Amer-
ican progression, the people of the Territories
have the inherent right to regulate their own
affairs for themselves. I am not in favor of lodg-
ing any such power in a great central Union. I
would strike it down as the worst enemy to en-
larged civil rights. I say this, in order that gen-
tlemen of the American party may understand
that I never can agree with any of their notions
in regard to the elective franchise, so far as. they
have been developed. I hold that the Federal
Government should not undertake to control it
anywhere—not even in the Territories; for the
moment the power of the Federal Government
over the elective franchise in the States or Tern-
92
tories is conceded, and its exercise invoked,that
moment the power to control slavery, or any
other mere municipal institution, is admitted, it
matters not to me whether the question is of
slavery or of the elective franchise. I desire to
gpt rid of the power of the General Government
altogether on those subjects. I wish to destroy it
—to clip its strength—to deprive the Samson of
his locks.
I am in favor of giving to the people of the
Territories the right to form their own State
government; and the gentleman from New York
can never getnie to favor, either by vote, voice,
or writing, the piinciplc of which he seems to be
a pioneer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have heard the
views taken by the gentleman from Maryland
with no little surprise.
Mr. LANE. I rise to make a suggestion.
Mr. SMITH. You will have plenty of time
to do it after 1 have finished.
Mr. LANE. I prefer to do it now. I do not
wish to interfere with the gentleman's speech.
There are but a few days set apart for the con-
| sideration of territorial business; and as there arc
behind the pending bill many other very import-
ant ones for the Territories, I do not know hut
that this bill had better be lost if the discussion
is going to continue any longer. I do not wish
that it shall stand in the way of other territorial
business. If gentlemen am willing, I suggest
that it be informally laid aside.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. LANE. I hope I shall get the floor when
the gonileman has finished his remarks, to do
what I have suggested.
Mr. SMITH. 1 will help the gentleman in
what he desires. Mr. Chairman, by adverting
to the section to which reference has been made,
it will be found that the term used is, (i the people
of Oregon-" are authorized to form a constitution.
Does that 'gTve to every man, woman, and child
in the Territory the right to vote?
Mr. BOWIE. What docs the gentleman read
from ?
Mr. SMITH. I am not reading from the
amendment, but the original bill. It provides
that the people of Oregon shall form a State govern-
ment. Does that imply that everybody in the
Territory is to vote? Certainly not. There is a
qualification. What is it? It is to be found in
the organic act, or the territorial law. It con-
fines to a portion of the people the right of suf-
frage. I propose to designate the class of peojde.
A Member. Is it the organic law?
Mr. SMITH. The organic act and the terri-
torial law say who shall vote; and I now propose
that Congress shall say to what class of people
the right to form a State constitution shall be con-
fined, as we have done heretofore—prescribed
what class of people shall manage the territorial
government. But I have no objection to a modifi-
cation of my amendment, so as to read " white
male citizcns of the United States of the age of
twenty-one years;" and if it will satisfy the com-
mittee I will adopt it. It is wholly unnecessary,
but I put it in that form.
When a person, under this amendment, comes
up to vote, if it be adopted, nothing more will be
necessary than to ascertain whether or not he jsa
citizen of the United Stares. The organic act and
the territorial law remain unrepealed as to the
light of suiTiage, except that it will be restricted
to those who arc citizens of the United States.
I think the question is plain; and I must bo per-
mitted again to express my surprise at the
11 remark, that this embodies any other than the
I! Clayton amendment, which commanded the uni-
!! vcrsal approbation, or nearly so, of that section
i] of the country in which I reside, only about two
years ago.
'I Mr. BOWIE. I move to amend by adding the
j! woids, c; and who shall have resided in the Tcr-
[, itory one day." I do tl\i6 merely that I may be
in order to make a few more r^maiks.
li Mr. WALKER, i nse to a question of order.
An amendment to an amendment is pending,
and I hold that it is not in order to offer any
further amendment—that it is not in order to
move an amendment in the third degree.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has accepted the amendment to the amend-
ment as a modification of his own amendment,
and therefore there is but one proposition before
the House.
Mr. BOWIE. I am glad that the gentleman
has adopted my first amendment. I rise now,
sir, more for the purpose of explaining the vote
that I intend to give than anything else. I must
confess that I am one of those gentlemen who in-
tended to vote against this bill, but upon reflec-
tion I have changed my opinion, ana mean to
vote for it. The only difficulty I had was in re-
gard to the amount <3f population. I never thought
there was any constitutional objection.
Mr. GROW, (interrupting.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I must insist that gentlemen who
offer amendments shall confine themselves to the
discussion of the amendments they offer as the
rules prescribe.
Mr. BOWIE. I am going to speak to the
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the amendment he offers, which
is to provide for one day's residence.
Mi. BOWIE. Well, sir, the policy of such
residence is embraced in almost all of your terri-
torial bills, and I have only to say that I approve
of that policy. I shall vote for the bill for the
reason that I believe that, if this question of the
admission of Oregon is postponed for two or three
years by the dilatory action of this House, there
will spring up in Oregon, upon the shores of the
Pacific ocean, a party like the party we have in
this House, that will divide that Territory into
three States instead of one, and we should then
have three free States instead of one admitted into
this Union. I hold that Oregon is to be a free
State beyond all doubt; and 1 will not run the
risk of having three more free States by a divis-
ion of Oregon, which I fear will be the result if
we delay her admission now.
Mr. LANE. If this discussion is to bo kept
up 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Discus-
sion is exhausted on the pending amendment.
Mr. BOWIE. I withdraw the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smitu,] the words, " being qual-
ified voters of said Territory under the laws
thereof."
I thought, Mr. Chairman, that the gentleman
from Virginia concurred with nearly the entire
southern delegation upon this lloor, and the Dem-
ocratic parly'generally, in the great doctrine of
the non-inteivention by Congress in the domestic
conccrns of the Territories.
Mr. GROW. I shall have to raise a question
of order.
Mr. JONES. Why, sir?
Mr. GROW. Because the opinions of the
southern delegation, or of the Democratic party,
have nothing to do with a bill authorizing the
people of Oregon to form a State government.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will wait, he
will sec that I am in order. Now, sir, this ques-
tion of the right to vote in the Territories has
been under discussion here, and it has all sprung
up, I believe, upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] The gentleman
from Virginia on my right, [Mr. Letcher,]
showed what were the qualifications of voters pre-
scribed in the Washington territorial bill. Mr.
Fillmore, a candidate for the Presidency, ap-
proved and indorsed that bill. My friena from
Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] one of his advocates,
and who is perhaps opposed to allowing foreign-
ers to vote until they have been here twenty-one
years, voted for that bill. Two gentlemen on
the other side of the House, Mr. Bennett, oi
