1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
a gentleman on the Judiciary Committee should
come in here with a little tack of an amendment
restricting the exercise of suffrage on the part of
a naturalized citizen for one year, when his com-
mittee lias control of the whole subject, and has
power to bring in a general bill to regulate the
whole naturalization laws.
Mr. DAYIS. That has no relation to the
naturalization laws, nor is it, connected with
them.
Mr. MEACHAM. I understand. Here is the
city of Baltimore, which, according to the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Davis,] permits men to be natural-
ized on the morning of election, and brought to
the polls; and yet that gentleman, without ever
having made an effort that I heard of to put a
stop to the system, comes here to oppose a bill
which is perfectly consonant with the feelings of
the citizens, and which all the citizens of the
District say will be of very great advantage to
the city.
1 have in my room a communication, signed
by eighteen out of the twenty-four grand jurors
in this city, begging that this bill may fee got
through without any change. Now, I know that
there is need of a change in the naturalization
laws; and, when you come forward with a gen-
eral bill which shall regulate the laws for the
whole land, and regulate them together, I will go
with you; though I will not say whether I will
go for a probationary term of twenty-one years,
or of ten, or of five.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to ask the gentleman
from Vermont this question: Howwill any vari-
ation of the naturalization laws touch the ques-
tion of voting m the District of Columbia?
Mr. MEACHAM. That is a very fair ques-
tion, and shall be fairly answered. When you
have made your laws general over the laud for a
certain, specific time, then we, if we remain on
the Committee for the District of Columbia, will
make the laws of the District conformable with
the general laws. But what are you proposing
to do now ? You wish to have one year put in
after the period of naturalization for this Dis-
trict; the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H.
Marshall] will go home and will try to have the
period fixed at two years; the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] will go home and have it fixed
at five years; another will have ten; another fif-
teen, and another twenty. A man comes here,
and under this system he would have a right to
vote in one year. He goes to Baltimore and to
Kentucky, and cannot vote until after two years'
naturalization. He goes to Ohio, and finas the
same restriction extended to five years; and else-
where he may find it extended to ten, fifteen, or
twenty years. That is where you are. That is
worse than any old blanket that ever covered a
human being. Now, make a law that is fair,
just, and equal to the whole country, and I will
go with you for its enactment. But I do not
wish to go in and make a little patch an the law
for the District of Columbia, and then go to Ken-
tucky and get another little patch, and then to
Ohio and get another. I say X cannot consent to
amend the laws in that way.
We have before us a different matter, and we
ought to pass the bill, if we find it practicable;
but we should, as I said before, take up the sub-
ject like men, and, if your law is not right, make
it right. We cannot, I know, enact any general
laws which would do exact justice to all men.
Take Witherspoon and Emmett, and the late Sen-
ator from Illinois, (General Shields,) foreigners !
They came here better prepared to vote on the
first day after their landing than other men who
may have been hero for twenty years. But still
we cannot make a distinction. We must have one
law for all. We must have a law, then, which
is moderate and just—which will commend itself
to every man's conscience in the sight of God;
but do not take up your little picayune crumbs
here. I move to recommit the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Vermont, I move
that the recommitment be accompanied with in-
structions to report the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky. I have only a lew
words to say on the subject, as I suppose this
whole subject will come up properly for discus-
sion during this session. The gentleman from
Vermont objects to this amendment because it is
patch-work, he says. Why, sir, we are the legis-
lative power for the District of Columbia; and it
is our legitimate and proper business to propose
such measures as may be necessary for the puu-
fication of the ballot-boxes.
It is true, sir, that the powers given to the
people of the District are not very extensive; but
it does seem to me that those who are citizens
permanently, whose abodes are fixed here, and
whose interests are interwoven with those of the
District, ought to have the right to control the
municipal affairs of the city. Unless some such
provision as that proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky is ingrafted upon this bill, it will be
within the power of any political party in the
District, by importing from an adjoining city a
few car-loads of raw foreigners, to control the
ballot-boxes of the city, and thus do away with
the power of the people.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, (interrupt-
ing.) I desire to ask the gentleman how it would
be possible that rawforeigners should be imported
here for the purpose of controlling a particular
election, when the bill requires a man to reside
in the city twelve months before he can be allowed
to vote?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman knows
very well the system of colonization that has
been carried on m this vicinity. If I have been
correctly advised the system has been somewhat
extensively carried on between this city and Bal-
timore within the last few months. I understand
that, in the last congressional election, a consider-
able force was transported from this city into
Maryland.
But, Mr. Speaker, the objection which the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Meacham] urges has
no force in it. Because there may be one rule j
adopted in Ohio and another in Indiana, as is the I
case, that is no argument against the reform which
is proposed here. Why, sir, if the gentleman
had gone a little further west ho would have dis-
covered that, by the Kansas and Nebraska act,
a foreigner—ay, though he may be a felon .though
he may be a pauper, though "he may have been
thrown upon our shores but a month before from
the pest-houses of Europe, yet, within one hour
after he reaches the Territory of Kansas, lie may
exercise as much power over the political desti-
nies of that great Territory as the gentleman from
Vermont himself if he had been a buna ftch citizen
of the Territory.
We propose, those of us who are in favor of
these reforms, to take up these points as they
arise. When we roach the territorial legislation
of the session, I trust that, among other amend-
ments or provisions in reference to these Territo-
ries, there will be one putting an end to this sys- !
tem of foreign influence, that may be used to con- '
trol the destinies of these Territories. I hope that
tins bill, which is to provide regulations for the
ballot-boxes of the city of Washington, may
have a provision inserted in it such as that offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Mar-
shall.] I therefore ask that the bill may be
recommitted with instructions sucli as I have
named.
Mr. BOYCE. It seems to me that there are
very grave objections to the amendment which
has been offered by the gentleman from Kentucky.
It appears to me very much m conflict with the
spirit, at least, of the Constitution of the United
States. The Constitution says, that the citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges .
of citizcns m the several States. The idea is,
that there shall be equality before the law as to ■
all the free white citizens of the United States. ;
T say, therefore, that when foreigners have become ;
naturalized citizens it is a. violation of the spirit ■
of the Constitution to render them, by your legis-,
lation, thus unequal before the law. !
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman from ,
South Carolina will permit me to interrupt him, I |
would like to inquire whether in his own State
there is not a propei ty qualification of suffrage,
and whether that is carrying out the principle of
equality before the law?
Mr. BOYCE. I will very cheerfully answer
the gentleman. There is no property or tax
qualification to the right of suffrage in the State
of South Carolina. We have abolished all that
feudalism long, long ago. But the very point
which ) wish to make is precisely in this connec-
tion. I maintain that the State of South Carolina
has the right to make a property qualification, if
she pleases; she has the right to impose a quali-
fication of residence, if she pleases, provided she
makes it equal upon all classes of citizens, so
that the naturalized citizen is placed upon the
same footing with the native born.
Make your naturalization laws as stringent as
you please; make the period of probation as long
as you please; but when you have once made a
man a citizen treat him as a citizen. Do not
hold out the promise to the car, and break it to"
the hope. After you have taken a man into the
bosom of the American fraternity, and said to
him that he is an American citizen, keep your
word. I adhere to this distinction of equality
before the law between the citizens of the united
States. It is the controlling spirit of republican-
ism. Let us have no class of Helots amongst
us. I say not as to what may be the policy of
any of the States in regard to the qualifications
of voters; that is a matter which concerns their
own domestic policy; but what I say is, that
when this Congress undertakes to act upon mat-
ters concerning the right of suffrage they should
make uniform rules. They should not mete out
one measure of justice to one class of citizens,
and another measure to another class. They
should all be placed upon an equality.
But the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Da-
vis] talks about foreigners being naturalized on
the day of election, and draws an argument in
favor of the amendment from that fact. Now,
sir, all that seems to me not at all pertinent to the
question. It would be a good argument upon
the subject of an extension of the naturalization
laws, but does not, I think, bear upon the point
in question.
But this bill obviates all objection upon this
point, if there be any objection. It provides that
every voter shall reside within the District for
twelve months before he can be allowed to vote
here. The gentlemanfrom Maryland, however,
would go on and make a requisition, that all citi-
zens of foreign birth shall reside here two years
before they should be allowed to vote. Is there
any justice or equality in that? It strikes me
ihere is not. It seems to me, then, that this bill
ought to pass without the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall.] If
he wants the naturalization laws amended, let
him bring in a bill to accomplish that object; but
let us proceed in that matter with all the lights
before us, and upon full discussion. Let us not
legislate in a bill like this invidiously against any
particular class of our citizens. Do not put a
provision in such a bill as this, providing that one
class of citizens may vote after a residence of
twelve months, and require another class of citi-
zens to reside here two years.
I say that, after we have made them citizens,
we ought not to discriminate against them. To
do so is the way to keep up the foreign feeling
which we should seek to get rid of. After they
have once become citizens, treat them with kind-
ness and generosity, and in the magnanimity of
your treatment make them forget that they were
not born on your soil. That is the way to make
American citizens. When they are made citizens,
let them be such in reality as well as name.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
purpose to occupy only a few moments of the
time of the House. I wish to say a word in reply
to the remarks made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in offering his amendment; and then some-
thing by way of answer to the gentleman from
Maryland who was its advocate. The gentleman
from Kentucky proposes that a foreigner shall be
required to be a year naturalized before lie shall
be entitled to vote; and the gentleman from Mary-
land, m advocating the proposition, took the
ground, if I understood him correctly, that there
was great danger of an importation of the raw
material into this District to control its elections.
Now, if I understand the amendment rightly, and
I do not think that I can be mistaken, it does not
affect the length of time they shall reside in the
District at all. They may come into the District
the same length of time prior to the election as
the native-born citizen. It does not affect that
question. The amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky is, to insert in the first section the pro-
vision that, before voting, the adopted citizens
shall be two years citizens of the United States.
A Member. One year; the amendment has
been modified.
