1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
rights of the other, transforms those into despots, and these
into enemies, destroys the morals of the one part, and the
amor patruz of the other!"
If the spirits of the sainted dead hover over their
country, watching its destiny with anything of
their earthly solicitude for its welfare, what an-
guish must wring the heart of his noble co-patriot,
who, in the Senate Chamber in 1819, declared that
" Nothing can more gladden the heart than the contem-
plation of a portion ot territory consecrated to freedom,
whose soil should never be moistened by the tear of the
slave, or degraded by the step of the oppressor or the op-
Can the spirits of such men be wounded by the
appeal of the living to their authority to vindicate
the rights of the freemen of their native land, and
save from degradation the very territory that once
so gladdened the patriotic heart ?
Tyranny and wrong rule with brute force one
of the Territories of the Union, and violence reigns
in the Capitol of the Republic. In the one, mob
law silences with the revolver the voice of justice
pleading for the inalienable rights of man: in the
other, the sacred guarantees of the Constitution
are violated, and reason and free speech are sup-
planted by the bludgeon; and in the Council
Chamber of the nation men stand up to vindicate
and justify both. Well may the patriot tremble
for the future of his country when he looks upon
this picture, and then upon that!
Can the spirits of the departed, unless they
partake more of earth than when surrounded by
their clay tenements, look down on these scenes
without anguish and bitter sorrow ?
Mr. Speaker, why should the application of
Kansas for admission be delayed, when it seems
to be conceded on all sides that it is proper to
admit her without requiring the ratio of popula-
tion necessary for a Representative in a State ?
That idea seems to have been entirely abandoned.
Then why delay this application, when every
man must be satisfied, in his own judgment, that
it would restore- peace to Kansas to give her a
government of her own formation, with officers
and courts of her own selection? Immediate
action is necessary in order to put an end to the
strife in the Territory, which, the President in-
forms us, threatens the peace not only of Kansas,
but of the Union. The representatives of free-
dom and of slavery, struggling for supremacy,
rally to the plains of Kansas with the implements
of war and violence. Is the bitterness engendered
in these conflicts to be allayed, and the dangers
of bloodshed tote averted, by Congress author-
izing the people of the Territory at some future
time to do what they already have the right to do
without any such authority ? An act of Congress
authorizing them to form a State constitution
confers no right that they do not already possess,
and is no redress of present grievances, or relief
against unjust and oppressive laws. How can
gentlemen who claim to be the special advocates
of the right of men to govern themselves in the
Territories object? It is an inherent right of a
people, the world over, to govern themselves;
and that right cannot be interfered with without
injustice, unless the condition and circumstances
under which they may be placed necessarily im-
pose restraints. Such is the case with the Ter-
ritories. The population, in the first instance,
being too small^to support a government, (Con-
gress establishes one, and pays all its expenses.
Consequently it must have a supervision over its
acts, for the same reason that a principal must
have control over the acts of his agent; otherwise
he might be involved in any amount of expendi-
ture for purposes which he entirely disapproves,
if the people could go into the Territories, in the
first place, in sufficient numbers to support a
^ate government, Congress should have nothing
to do with them any more than with a State.
But being for a time too weak and feeble in
numbers to support a State government, from the
necessity of the case Congress must form a gov-
ernment for them, and they must submit, during
this infancy of their existence, and during this
inability to support a government, to such condi-
tions as may be imposed by Congress. But those
conditions should be removed at the earliest prac-
ticable period. When the people are of suffi-
cient numbers to support a government of their
own, and ask it at your hands, why withhold it?
Why not free your Treasury from the burden
New Series—No. 46.
of supporting their government, and allow tliem
that right which belongs to them—the inherent
right of the people to govern themselves, to pro-
tect their own ballot-boxes, their own lives, and
their own property ? The objection made to the
admission of Kansas, under present circum-
stances, by most of the opponents of her admis-
sion, is that law and order must be maintained in
this Territory; and that was a point urged by
, the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
i Sir, law and Order have not been violated in that
; Territory save by the officials of your Govern-
| ment. We have the testimony of Governor Shan-
: non himself as to the peaceable character of the
citizens of Lawrence, who, by his own letter to
the President, of November 28,1855, shows that
, the influence of the executive office of the Terri-
tory was to be wielded in behalf of slavery, whose
interests he regards as synonymous with law and
order. In writing the President in reference to
the arming of the free-State men he says:
" This military organization is looked upon as hostile to
all southern men, or rather to the law and order party of the
Territory, many of whom have relatives and friends, and
all have sympathizers, in Missouri."
The first invasion of Lawrence was made
before any legal process of any kind or descrip-
tion was ever issued against any citizen of that
place. In the letter of Governor Shannon to the
President, December II, 1855, which gives an
account of the Invasion of Lawrence, he bears
testimony to the law-abiding character of the peo-
ple of that place. He says:
" It wa.s at once agreed that the laws of the Territory
should have|be regular course, and that those who disputed
their validitiphould, if they desired to do so, test that ques-
tion in the judicial tribunals of the country; that in the
mean time no resistance should be made to their due exe-
cution, and the citizens of Lawrence and vicinity were,
when properly called on, to aid in the arrest of any one
charged with their violation, and to aid and assist in the
preservation of the peace and good order of society." * *
* * * u ft fs proper J should say that they claimed thai a
large majority of them had always held arid inculcated the
same view."
The people of Lawrence reiterated this decla-
ration in the following communication adopted in
a public meeting of her citizens:
Lawrence, May 14,1856.
Dear Sir : We have seen a proclamation issued by your-
self, dated 11th May, and also have reliable information
this morning, that large bodies of armed men, in pursuance
of your proclamation, have assembled in the vicinity of
Lawrence. That there may be no misunderstanding, we
beg leave to ask respectfully, (that we may be reliably in-
formed,) what are the demands against us ? We desire to
state most truthfully, and earnestly, that no opposition
whatever will now, or at any future time, be offered to the
execution of any legal process by yourself or any person
acting for you. We also pledge ourselves to assist you. if
called upon, in the execution of any legal process. We
declare ourselves to be order-loving and law-abiding citi-
zens, and only await an opportunity to testify our fidelity
to the laws of the country, the Constitution, and the Union.
We are informed, also, that those men collccting about
Lawrence openly declare that their intention is to destroy
the town, and drive off the citizens. Of course, we do not
believe that you give any countenance to such threats ; but
in view of the exciting state of the public mind, we ask pro-
tection of the constituted authorities of the Government,
declaring ourselves in readiness to cooperate with them
for the maintenance of the peace, order, and quiet of the
community in which we live. t
J. B. Donaldson,'
United Stales Marshal for Kansas Territory.
And at a still later day, the committee of safety
of Lawrence sent to Marshal Donaldson the fol-
lowing:
We, the committee of public safety for the citizens of
Lawrence, make this statement and declaration to you as
marshal of Kansas Territory:
That we represent citizens of the United States, and of
Kansas, who acknowledge the constituted authorities of
the Government; that we make no resistance to the exe-
cution of the laws, national or territorial; and that we ask
protection of the Government, and claim it as law-abiding
American citizens. •
For the private property already taken by your posse, we
ask indemnification ; and what remains to us and our citi-
zens we throw upon you for protection, trusting that under !
the flag of our Union, and within the folds of the Con-
stitution, we may obtain safety.
SAMUEL C. POMEROY, WM. Y. ROBERTS,
LYMAN ALLEN, S. B. PRESTON,
JOHN A. PERRY, a. H. MALLORY,
C. W. BABCOCK, JOEL GROWN.
Yet, after all these declarations by men who
had violated no law, and who had proposed, in a
written communication to the Governor and mar-
shal, of 17th of May, to deliver their arms, if
desired, " to Colonel Sumner, so soon as he should
quarter in the town a body of United States
troops sufficient for their protection, to be retained I
by him as long as such force shall remain,"
Lawrence was sacked, and its public buildings
and orinting-presses destroyed.
Where is there a man under arrest in Kansas,
or with any civil process against him, who has
shot down men there for freedom of speech, or
who has destroyed printing-presses, burned the
dwellings of peaceable ana defenseless citizens,
and sent their wives and children into the wilder-
ness, to find protection with the savage, against
their less merciful pursuers ? Where is the man
who has been arrested by your guardians of law
and order for any of these outrages and wrongs?
Under the sanction of officers of the law, citizens
have been stopped upon the highways, their
persons searched and papers seized, without any
legal process; their property taken and confis-
cated; and they, unless engaged in the work of
making Kansas a slave State, compelled to carry
a pass, signed by some official of the Territory,
in order- to save themselves from robbery or
murder by these conservators of law. Thus are
American freemen, on American soil, reduced to
the condition of a southern slave, who must
have his master's written pass in order to leave
the plantation.
With the shout of law and order you lay in
ashes the houses of peaceable citizens, destroy
their printing-presses, and with cannon batter
down their publicbuildings. With the shout of law
and order you disarm the citizen, while the Con-
stitution of his country declares that the right
" to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
With the shout of law and order you searcn and
take from the houses and persons of the citizens,
without legal process, his papers and effects,
when the Constitution of the country declares that
" the right of the people to be secure in their per
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against unrea-
sonable searches and seizures, shall not be vio-
lated;" and no search shall in any case be made
without a warrant issued on oath, describing the
place to be searched, or the person or thing to be
seized. With the shout of law and order you
seize law-abiding citizens, and by mob-law exile
them from their homes for declaring that slavery
is an evil, and ought to be prohibited by law,
while the Constitution guaranties freedom of
speech and of the press. With the shout of law
and order you arrest and putin chains order-loving
citizens, on a charge of high treason, for peace-
ably assembling and petitioning the Government
for a redress of grievances, thus trampling upon
all law and the most sacred guarantees of the
Constitution of your country.
Law and order is the excuse of despotism, the
world over, for all its enormities. It was to pre-
serve law and order that Poland was blotted from
the map of nations, and the dungeon and the
rack silenced the voice of patriotism in Hungary.
To preserve law and order the streets of Naples
are crowded with chained gangs, and its quarries
are covered with galley-slaves, guilty of no of-
fense save that they hate oppression and love
liberty. For the same reason some of the no-
blest sons of France are to-day pining in hopeless
exile, and Siberia is full of hearts too large to be
contained by their native land.
The law and order that reigns over the graves
of crushed humanity is more to be dreaded than
all else; it is the order of death. Order reigns in
desolation—reigns everywhere, when you close
the mouths of men, either by brute force or under
the sanction of law. The scaffold sends its vic 
tim to a quiet rest, and order reigns ovei- his
grave. The order of Kansas is the order that
reigned in Warsaw on the 7th of September,
1831, when, with its streets red with the best
blood of its citizens, and the shrieks of liberty
stifled as her last votary fell, Paskiewitch sent to
the Czar his memorable dispatch, " Order reigns
in Warsaw." The satrap of this Administra-
tion in Kansas exhibits a like love of law- and
order with his prototype, whose example, with
becoming propriety, he might well imitate if he
succeeds in crushing out in Kansas the spirit of
liberty, by sending a like dispatch to his superior,
" Order reigns in Kansas.''
Law and order enlist in the service of any
master who, for the time being, chances to holq
the scepter of power. They are just as efficient
for oppression and wrong as for freedom and
