1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
New York, and Mr. Brenton, of Indiana, also
voted for it, with other members of this House.
Now, sir, in 1850 the Utah and New Mexico
bills passed this House. They formed a part of
the compromise measures, and they, I believe,
were supported by the" gentleman from the Lou-
isville district in Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall.]
They met the approbation, I presume, of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Caulile,] who
made such a furious onslaught on Mr. Buchanan
and the Democratic party buta day or two since.
Mr. Fillmore, their candidate for the Presidency,
approved the Utah andNewMexico bills. What,
sir, are the provisions of those bills upon the sub-
ject of the qualifications of voters ?
Mr. GROW. I must now make the point of
order on the gentleman.
Mr. JONES. I am speaking of the qualifica-
tion of voters, and my amendment relates to that
subject. This is the provision of the Utah and
New Mexico bills, approved by Mr. Fillmore,
and those who are now nis friends upon this floor:
" That the right of suffrage and of holding office shall be
exorcised (inly by citizens of the United States, including
those recognized at eihzcns by the treaty with, the Republic
of Mexico, concluded Fehruury 2, 1848."'
Who were those recognized as citizens by the
treaty of 1848? They were those inhabiting the
territory transferred to this country by the Mex-
ican Government, and who, remaining in that
territory and failing to give notice to this Govern-
ment that they desired to retain the rights of
Mexican citizens, should be regarded as citizens
of the United States. They were not required to
make any declaration of intention to become citi-
zens. 'I hey were not required by this law, or by
the treaty, to take any oath to support our Con-
stitution ; they were not required to give any inti-
mation or indication whatever, that they adopted
and approved of our institutions; they never were
required to say thatthey would be true and faith-
ful citizens of these United States; they were
conquered from a foreign country, almost the en-
tire population thus transferred to you being of
foreign birth, entirely ignorant as to your laws,
your institutions, your customs, and the rights
and duties pertaining to American citizens. Yel,
sir, remmmng there, perhaps not willingly, but
conquered and taken by this country, under those
circumstances, they, were made voters by these
Kuvs, which were approved by Mr. Fillmore,
who is now the champion and standard-bearer of
the native-born citizens!
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. IjlUiNTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee with what view he al-
luded to mo as having voted foi the Washington
territoiia! bill?
Mr. JONES. Well, the gentleman is opposed
to the Democratic party, and most of thus-; op-
posed to it are making this fight, as I understand.
That is my only reason.
Mr. BIIKNTON. He alluded to it in connec-
tion with the name of Mr. Fillmore.
Mr. JONES. 1 did not know whether the
gentleman was a supporter of Mr- Fillmore or
not. I
Mr. BRENTON, who was nearly inaudible, j
was understood to say that he was not a sup- i
porter of Mr. Fillmore. !
Air. LANE. [ feel that I should be doing in- j
justice to the other Territories if I should permit :
this discussion to continue. While this bill is
under consideration there is no way in which the
discussion can be stopped. And then again I
would feel that 1 had not done justice to my con-
stituents if f should permit this bill to pass with-
out an opportunity of replying to the speech of
the gentleman ftom Kentucky, [Mr. 11. Mar-
shall.] Although it was one of the best Amer-
ican speeches that can be made m five minutes,
yet it would be unjust to the people whom ( rep-
lesent if I did not notice it and put them right.
* want an opportunhy of doing so; but if I were
jo do so now I would be doing it at the expense
of the other Territories of this country. With
a view, therefore, of giving them all an opportu-
nity ot having their business consideicd, I pro-
pose that this bill be informally laid aside until
after the business ot the othevTemtories be taken
up and disposed ot. Then this bj.ll will come up,
and if we have time it will be possed, and I will
&heu have an .opportunity of replying to the
speech of my friend over the way, [Mr. H. Mar-
shall,] and to other gentlemen of his faith in
politics. '
Mr. GROW. I would say, in regard to that
suggestion, that I think it a proper one. The
next bill on the Calendar is one supplemental to
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I propose to lay it
aside informally also; for to-morrow the bill ad-
mitting Kansas as a State will come up, and, if
passed, will perhaps dispense with the necessity
of this.
The CHAIRMAN. A question of order is
suggested to the mind of the Chair, namely: that
this committee is now acting under the direct
order of the House that this discussion should
close at a certain time, and that the committee
should come to a vote on this proposition.
Mr. LANE. I have often seen this done; but
I do not know what tho rule of the House is.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is acting,
as the Chair understands, under the order of the
House.
Mr. LETCHER. The bill can be passed over
by unanimous consent; and I suppose there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. GrROW. Let the two be passed over by
unanimous consent.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do not think we are
going to take long in the discussion.
Mr. GROW. I have thought so all day.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I think we had better
go on regularly with the business.
Mr. GRO W . I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky to allow the business co go over.
Mr. li. MARSHALL. I amnotgoingto make
an objection, if it be the will of the House.
Mr. GROW". Then let both these bills go over
informally.
There was no objection, and the bills in ques-
tion were passed over informally.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNE-
SOTA.
The bill next in order was House bill (No.
185) to explain the act approved Apiil 12, 1854,
entitled " An act to establish additional land dis-
tricts m tho Territory of Minnesota."
The bill was read: It enacts that the words
" west of the Mississippi river," employed in
the description in the first section of the act of
April 12, 1854, entitled " An act to establish
additional land districts in the Territory of Min-
nesota," shall be construed so as to embrace all
the islands lying west of the middle of the mam
channel of said liver, in the new districts created
west of the same by said act.
Mr. THOlilNGTON. The object of the bill
is to define the jurisdiction of the district, and
nothing further. The committee have reported
the bill unanimously, and there can be no objec-
tion to its passage. 1 move that it be laid aside,
and reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was so
laid aside.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS IN KANSAS.
The bill next in order was a bill (H. R. No.
1J5) to establish two additional land districts in
the Territory of Kansas. The bill was read. The
first section enacts that so much of the public
lands of the United States, in the Territory of
Kansas, as lies within the following boundaries,
to wit: commencing on the bank of the Missouri
river; thence running due west with the bound-
ary line, between Kansas and Nebraska, to the
east boundary of Utah; thence due south with
! said line to a point on said line opposite the
head waters of the Smoky Hill fork of Kansas
river; thence due east to the waters of said river;
thence with the meanders of Kansas river to its
mouth; thence north, along the west bank of the
Missouri river, to the beginning, shall be formed
into a new land district, to be called the Delaware
land district; and for the sale of the public lands
within the district so constituted, a land office
shall be established at such place within said
district as the President may designate.
The second section enacts that so much of the
public lands of the United States as lies within
the following boundaries, to wit: beginning at
the southeast corner of the boundary of the Ter-
jj ntory of Kansas; thenco due west to the eastern
(j boundary of New Mexico; thence north with
ll said line to thirty-eight degrees latitude; thence
i| east in said parallel to the headwaters of the
Meridezine; thence with the meanders of said
river to the western boundary of the State of
Missouri; thence south with said line to the
beginning, shall be formed into a new land dis-
trict, to be called the Osage land district; and for
the sale of the public lands within the district so
constituted, a land office shall be established at
such place as the President may direct.
The third section authorizes the President
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a register and receiver of public
moneys for each of the said districts, who shall
have the same powers, perform the same duties,
and be entitled to the same compensation, as are
or may be prescribed by law in relation to other
land officers of the United States; and provides
that this act take effect from and after its passage.
The committee reported back the bill, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That all that part of the Pawnee land district, in the
Territory of Kansas, created by the thuteenth section of the
act approved 22d July, 1854, entitled " An act to establish
the ofiices of surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to giant donations to actual settlers therein, and
for other purposes," winch is situated north of the north
or left banks of the Kansas nvei, and the Smoky Hill fork
thereof, to its highest navigable point, and noith of the
neatest township line to said point, to be hereafter determ-
ined by the Commissioner of the Genera} Land Office,
continued west to the eastern boundary of Utah Territory,
be, and the same is hereby, detached from the said Pawnee
district, and shall constitute an additional district, to be
called the Delaware land district; and all that portion of
said Pawnee district which is situated south of the neatest
township line, to the thirty-eighth degree of north latitude,
and whi< h lie  east of the Mexico Territory boundaiy line,
or mendian of one hundred and third degree of west longi-
tude, shall constitute a new district, to be called the Osage
land district, the location of the offices foi which shall be
designated by the Piesident of the United States, and shall
by him, from tune to time, be changed, as the public inter-
ests may seem to require.
St:c. '2. And be it further cnacted, That the President be,
mid lie is hereby, authorized, whenever the public mteiests
t.hail leqmie, to appiom, by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate, or duiing the recess thereof, and until
the end of the next session of Congress after such appoint-
ment, a register and receiver for each or either of the dis-
tucrs hereby created, who shall le&pectively be required to
reside at the site of their offices, have the same powers,
responsibilities, and emoluments, and be subject to the
same acts and penalties winch are, or may be, prescribed
by law in relation to other land officers of the United
State*.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President is
hereby authorized to cause the public lands in the districts
created by this act, with the exception of such as may have
been or may be reserved for other purposes, to be exposed
to sale in the same manner, and upon the same terms and
conditions, as other public lands of the United States:
Provided, That ail sales and locations made at the offic®
of the old district of land& situated within the limits of the
new districts, which snail be valid and right in other
respects, up to the day on which the new offices shall go
into operation, be, and Ihe same are hereby, confirmed.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted. That for the salaries
of the land officers created by this act, and for expenses
incidental to opening the new offices, the sum of four thou-
sand doila *s be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
amend by striking out the fourth section, which
ia as follows:
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That for the salaries
of the land officers created by this act, and for expenses
incidental to opening the new offices, the sum of four thou-
sand dollars be, ami the same 1^ hereby, appropriated.
I move this amendment, to conform with the
action of the committee yesterday upon a similar
bill.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
ADDITIONAL LAND OFFICES IN NEBRASKA.
The next bill in order was House bill (No.
212) to establish an additional land office in the
Territory of Nebraska.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Since that bill has
been reported to the House, it has been found
nccessary to establish two additional land offices
in Nebiasku, instead of one; in view of which
fact the Commissioner of the General Land Office
has prepared a bill to be offered as a substitute
for the one which has just been read. 1 presume
that it will strike every member of the committee
that two land offices are needed in that Tcmtor^;
and I therefore move what I send to the Ciexk's
desk as a substitute for the bill.
