782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. HARRIS. Then they are to be required
to bo one year citizens of the United States before
they are to be entitled to vote. The bill already
provides that they shall reside in this city one
year previous to the lime of voting; and the gen-
tleman's object therefore is not effected. The
argument winch has been made, that the objcct
of this amendment is to prevent persons from
voting here who are not properly entitled to vote,
because they have not resided long enough in the
city, is not affected by the amendment. The
amendment requires that they shall be twelve
months citizens, wliifst the original bill makes it
twelve months residence.
I wish now, Mr. Speaker, to say only a word
or two in regard to the remarks of the gentleman
from Maryland in relation to this bill. He tells
us that many of the naturalized citizens know
nothing of our institutions; that they are ignorant
men; that they cannot read nor write; that they
do not know anything about our public affairs,
and the administration of the Government. I
was surprised to hear these remarks from the
gentleman from Maryland. I presumed that ho
was familiar with the statistics of his own State.
If he will examine them he will find that, in the
State of Maryland, out of 53,288 foreign-born
people, there were 3,451 illiterate, making but
one eighteenth; while of the native-born popu-
lation of 438,910, there were 38,4:26 illiterate, or
one eleventh. Thus there is a difference of nearly
one half in favor of the foreign-born population
whom he denounces here as so ignorant, and
knowing nothing.
Mr. DAVIS. Where did you get those facts?
Mr. HARRIS. From the census of 1850. I
hope the gentleman will peruse it at his leisure,
and draw instruction from the statistics he will
find there.
Mr. DAVIS. I have perused them, and they
contain no instruction to any man m this country.
Mr. HARRIS. If these statistics, with tfie
facts I have given to the gentleman, do not con-
vey any instruction to the gentleman, then, sir,
he is beyond the roach of instruction. If the
gentleman objects to the proposition from the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, wherein he proposes to join him in a
modification iff the naturalization laws so far as
to determine the length of time a foreigner should
reside in the country before his naturalization,
because, as lie s.iys, it will not touch the ques-
tion, let him look at the bill,and he will sec that
it provides that citizens of the United States only
shall vote. Then if he changes the general laws
and lengthens the period at which naturalization
shall be allowed, why he will reach the very ob-
ject, it strikes me, that he has in view. The bill
provides for citizens to vote. You must change
your law affecting the time at which they shall
become citizens, to meet the object desired by the
gentleman. But the gentleman says he docs not
see how it affects the proposition. I only in-
tended to allude to the fact that the proposed
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
does not reach the' object which 'lie professes lo
3mvo in view; and th<i remarks of the gentleman
from Maryland strike me that ho is mistaken m
supposing that a genera) modification of the nat-
uralization laws will not affect the provisions of
th^ bill. 1 have called the gentleman's attention
to facts which I supposed that lie was not en-
tirely ignorant of; or, if he was, that he might
become aware of them.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
commends itself to my judgment for the \ery
reason that it proposes to confer only equal rights
on the foreign population that may be naturalized
as citizens of the United States, with those who
have the great privilege of being free born, f
desire that ail men should be held equal before
thelaw, I desire that whoever is allowed to vote
in the municipal elections of this city, or this
District, which are under the jurisdiction of the
Congress of the United States, should enjoy equal
rights under the law with those who have the
high distinction of being Americans born, and
having freedom conferred on them because they
have drawn their first breath in this country.
There should be no other class of population
distinguished by privileges which they cannot as
easily obtain. I wish the residence to precede,
and not to be subsequent to, the acquisition of the
privileges of American citizenship. Those who
j are native born are by the law required to reside
j here one year before they shall be permitted
j to vote; and in my judgment those who were
i born in other climes, and under other influences,
| should first obtain the privilege of naturalization,
; and then have the same probation, before being
| permitted to vote, which the native citizens
| have to undergo. 3 wish this because I wish all
| men to be equal before the law. I would have
| all equally participators in these equal rights, and
' for this reason would have the amendment pre-
vail. I would not have foreigners made American
citizens on the morning of the election, and im-
mediately afterwards be allowed to proceed to
exercise the franchise of a voter. They should
be like men from Massachusetts and other States,
—after being naturalized, they should be required
to reside here one year previous to the right to
vote.
Sir, the amendment to this bill is manifestly de-
signed to prevent great abuses—abuses which are
known to all men; which are patent throughout
the whole country. It is not to be denied that an
open door is made by which the polls in this city
can be controlled at any given election. Look
around you, andsee the multitudes here employed
upon the public works; very many of them have
been residents of the country for a length of time.
They may have made their declaration of inten-
tion to become citizens. They may have come
here only the day before the election, just time
enough to become citizens, and being thus quali-
fied, they assume the rights and privileges of
which I and every gentleman upon this floor arc
deprived. I go for equal and exact justice for all
upon this matter; and however much it may be
misrepresented, the cardinal principle which un-
I derlics this whole movement, is not to oppress
and grind down a certain class, not to defraud
any living man of that which rightfully belongs
to him, but to put all men upon the same broad
and equal platform—both those who inherit this
highcstprivilege of citizenship naturally, and those
who have the boon conferred upon them here by
a generosity and magnanimity almost unknown
in any other nation. Let all stand upon the same
ground; and let them, after being made citizens
by the usual term of probation, have the further
probation of one year's residence, and not suffer
them to trample down the rights of others.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky, as 1 understand it, is
1 to the effect that, however long a person may have
j residt d here if he is not naturalized, after he is
| natuializcd he shall still reside lieie one yearbe-
i fore he shall be entitled to vote. The gentleman
| from Kentucky and the gentleman from Masfa-
1 chusetts, say they are in favor of even-handed
j justice to all. Let us suppose the case of a man
I coming into this District from Massachusetts or
j from Kentucky. He is twenty years old, and
i resides here one year. The day before the elec-
Ij tion he becomes twenty-one years old. Now, is
!j there in the" proposition of the gentleman from
j Kentucky, as advocated by gentlemen upon this
j floor, any provision that after he shall have ac-
, quired the right to vote he shall reside m the dis-
: tnct a year ? Why, then, the distinction between
i the foreigner who complies with your law, and
1 the case of the minor who resides in the district
| one year preceding the time of the election?
' Why make the discrinunationafierthe right shall
be conferred by law of Congress ? Why require
| from him an additional residence beyond what
■ you require of the man who is twenty-one years
I old? 1 do not enter into the feeling of the gentle-
; man from Vermont [Mr. M each am] in reference
I to a change of the naturalization laws; but I con-
cur with him in the view he has taken in opposi-
; tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky. I think that if there is a disposition
j to deal fairly, equally, and justly towards every
| man upon whom is conferred the right of Amcr-
■ ican citizenship, a residence of a year after a man
| has been naturalized ought not to be required.
I My opinion in reference to this question is this:
, that if you permita foreigner to come here—if you
; permit him to settle and live among us, the sooner :
! you make him a citizen, and interest him m all :
; our rights and privileges, the better it is for him ,
land the better it is for us. That is argument1
i enough for me in relation to this whole question.
But, recurring to the other question, I can see no
reason why we should require that a foreigner
who comes among us should remain a certain
length of time after he shall have been natural-
ized, before he shall acquire the right of citizen-
ship. It is not, I believe, in accordance with the law
of any State of this Union. It is not in accordance
with any doctrine previously established by this
Government. From the moment his naturalization
is completed, he acquires all the rights of citizen-
ship, which he can ever acquire. There are some
rights of citizenship which never attach to him.
He cannot, for instance, be President of the Uni-
ted States; nor can he be a Senator of the United
States, nor a member of this House, without nine
years probation in the one instance, and seven
years in the other. With the exception of those
disqualifications specified in the Constitution of
the United States, and in the laws of the United
States now in existence, he acquires all the rights
belonging to a native-born citizen whenever he is
naturalized. For that reason I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. CARLILE. We have fallen, Mr. Speaker,
upon strange times. One portion of this country,
or rather a certain sectional organization in this
country, maintains that it is invidious to distin-
guish between races; another political organiza-
tion maintains that it is invidious to distinguish
between a foreigner and a native. Now, sir, I
think I can show that the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Kentucky to the bill now
under discussion, creates no invidious distinction,
but that it is absolutely required, in order to place
naturalized citizens upon an equality with the
native. I have not yet heard a gentleman bold
enough, cither in or out of this House, to claim
for a naturalized citizen rights which he is unwill-
ing to extend to n native citizen. But if you pass
the bill as reported by the committee, you do
confer upon a foreign-born citizen a privilege
which a native cannot enjoy under it. it is this
invidious distinction against the native citizen
that 1 desire to avoid. In throwing around the
elective franchise those necessary safeguards
which have ever been considered in this country
as essential to the stability and permanency of
our institutions, you do provide, in that bill, for
a year's residence of all the natne-born citizens
in this city, before they are authorized to exer-
' cise the right of suffrage. Of citizens by birth-
right, you do not require this twelve months'resi-
dence upon their part, not after they have been
citizens five years, but twenty-one years—for you
do not permit them to vote until they arrive at
the age of majority. After having been thus a
citizen twenty-one years, you still require a res-
idence of one year in the city, before they are
entitled to exercise tins privilege. Now, sir, is
it not but placing the naturalized on an equality
with the native citizen, if you require that ho
shall be a citizen one year prior to his exercising
the rights of suffrage ?
Mr. CRAIGE. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Virginia to say that a foreigner would
not have to reside here a year, according to this
bill, before he is entitled to vote?
11 Mr. CARLILE. According to the bill, sir, the
ij foreigner who has been naturalized but the day
| before has the right to exercise this privilege of
i suffrage, while the native citizen who has been a
j citizen for twenty-one years must, in addition,
I have resided here one year before he can exercise
| it.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
j interrupt the gentleman, but I wish to correct him
1 on that point. By the provisions of this bill, as I
! understand it, the natuutlized citizen cannot vote
; at an election in this city if ho be naturalized the
J day before the election, because the bill requires
| that he shall be registered ten days before the
! election, and that he shall be a resident here at
least one year. There is no provision for his
j being: registered if he shall be naturalized any
; time within the ten days preceding the election;
, and he cannot vote unless he is registered.
I Mr, CARLILE. Then the distinction is be-
! tween one and ten days. It is admitted, therefore,
, that an individual residing in the city of Wash-
j mgton, not a citizen of the United States, if he
; shall have become a citizen within ten days pre-
! ceding the election, is entitled, under this bill, to
; exercise the right of suffrage, provided he shall
; have resided within the limits of the city twelve
