1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
of public liberty. When a standing army has
become familiar to a State, all dread of its evils
and dangers is forgotten. And it is no answer to
say, that when it becomes dangerous to liberty
its pay may be stopped. It is true, the Legisla-
ture has the purse, and the army has the sword.
But how true as well as beautiful is this line of
Lucian—"Jlrma tenenti omnia dat, quijiista negat.''
The address of the sheep to Apollo, that wolves
might have no teeth, was most sensible and sug-
gestive.
But, sir, look at affairs in modern Europe. See
the great burden heaped upon the people. With-
out presuming to be strictly accurate, yet suffi-
ciently so for my purpose, I think I may safely
put the standing army of France and Russia each
at half a million of men, England at a quarter,
Austria and Prussia cach a third. Europe is
burdened to-day with quite two millions of armed
men; and so firmly is this force fixed upon Eu-
rope, that it cannot be shaken off. Thus we
account for tyranny and oppression; and here we
trace to their source the evils which afflict the
people. The tramp of armies is familiar to the
ear in every nook and corner of Europe; and in
those nations where is civil and political liberty
to be found? Even the song of liberty is lost
amid the clash of arms.
Will it then be so dire a calamity if our Army
be disbanded? We have an Army of fourteen
thousand men, maintained at a cost of over four-
teen millions of dollars. Wo have fourteen thou-
sand men organized and separated from the mass
of the people. Confining men in barracks gives
them neither better political opinions nor more
patriotism; but their organization may compel
the rest of the community, Hercules like, to be
ever ready, club in hand, to defend themselves,
not against a hostile enemy from without, but
from an element within, which is always hostile
to freedom. I certainly shall never vote appro-
priations to maintain an Army to enforce such
unjust, tyrannical, and barbarous enactments, as
those which have been imposed upon Kansas.
Need I say more to justify the position we have
assumed, and the pertinacity we have exhibited
in our difference with the Senate ? The proviso
in this bill, it is true, does not suspend the Kansas
code, nor does it disaffirm or annul those laws.
It merely proposes that they shall not be enforced
at the point of the bayonet, with the whole force
of the Federal Army. Is this unconstitutional
or unreasonable? Is it not both legal and just?
Eut Congress has, and must necessarily have,
not only the power and the right, but it may be
its duty, to repeal, alter, and modify, both the
organic act and the laws of its Territories, when
occasion may require. In Congress is vested the
supreme legislative power, and not in the Terri-
tories. It cannot, if it would, transfer this trust.
It must discharge the trust, or abandon a duty.
These territorial governments are nothing more
or less than municipal corporations. In no respect
are they sovereign. The Constitution and the
Federal laws have no application to them, except
by act of Congress. No other doctrine can be
maintained for a moment, unless we abandon the
well-settled principles and the uniform practice of
this Government from its organization, and the
whole theory upon which it is founded, and upon
which it has hitherto been administered.
The argument so often urged, that Congress
has not the power to pass upon the validity of a
Territorial Legislature illegally or fraudulently
constituted, because, in its organic act, it provides
that the Legislature itself shall decide upon the
validity of the election of its own members, will
not bear examination for a moment. Whence
does Congress get the power to pass the organic
act? Is that power exhausted when the act is
passed ? Where do you find the warrant for any
such position 111 the Constitution ? There is none.
If, then, Congress has the power to pass the
organic act, it has the power to alter, amend, or
repeal it. I am not now speaking of the right,
but of the power. As in this very case of the
Kansas Territorial Legislature—elected by fraud
and force, and perverting the very objects of its
being to oppression, tyranny, and injustice—is
there no power of review but the courts ? Why,
sir, the courts have no power to pass upon the
validity or invalidity of the organization of a legis-
lative body. There is no way provided by law
by which the courts can reach such a case. The
common law, in cases of ordinary municipal cor-
porations, has provided a remedy by quo war-
ranto; but corporations of this sort Mg anomalies
known only to our Federal system ^wThe courts
in this case have no jurisdiction; the only remedy
the people can have is in Congress.' If there is no
power there, the people are remediless, and they
must suffer in this case, and in the next, and the
next, to the end of the chapter.
But, sir, the people are not remediless. If thig
Congress will not listen to their grievances, the
next will. I have a living and an abiding faith in
the justice and the magnanimity of the people. If
Congress should fail to do justice to Kansas, the
people will not fail to do full and ample justice to
them by sending Representatives here that will
redress their wrongs. I tell gentlemen plainly,
that the people are aroused upon the question of
justice to Kansas, and they will see the Army
disbanded, the country shaken by revolution—
yes, a civil war, before they will see their fellow-
citizens ground to the earth by the heartless, un-
just, and tyrannical oppression of a Territorial
|j Legislature inaugurated by force and fraud, and
j; maintained by the bayonets of Federal power,
j Sir, the Senate has assumed a position which
|j brings back to the memory the historic page
!] from which we learn that the sovereigns Charles
Ij I. and James II. maintained a parallel course, for
j! which the former lost his head, and the latter his
i! crown. We are revolutionists because we persist
i! against the known opinions of Senators'. Sir,
■ when was this House degraded from its equality
'■ with the Senate, and how long have we been re-
quired to bow at its nod ? If I were permitted to
\ | give a political rather thftn a classical rendering
of a well-known line in Horace—
f j '■ Quicquid delirant reges, plectuntur Achivi,"
11 I should say, when Senators go mad the people
l> feel the scourge. On the issue now presented, I
'' am ready to go to the people, whose verdict can-
not be doubted. But, sir, rely upon it the Senate
!' will not meet the responsibility. They will re-
|i main here until, by some means, they succeed in
i. passjng this" bill, without the proviso, over our
heads. I therefore counsel the friends of Kansas
j] —those who desire that her settlers shall be se-
ll cured in their constitutional and legal rights, and
!j be protected against, an armed soldiery and their
:l Missouri invaders—to stand firm.
THE END.
