784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
each other. A grave and delicate problem must
then be solved.
I oppose the amendment, because, under cover
of an act relating to a sagacious corporation, it
makes grades in citizenship, or changes the natu-
ralization laws.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am opposed to the
first section of this bill, and in favor of the law
as it now stands, and has stood for years, re-
quiring a citizenship of one year in this District
before voting. This bill proposes so to change
the law as to permit all aliens to vote who have
been in the country five years, and who come to
the city within from one to ten days preceding
the election, while, so far as citizens of the United
States are concerned, it requires that they shall
reside here a year before they shall be able to
vote. There is a peculiar state of things existing
in the District of Columbia to which I would in-
vite attention. There is a larger transient popu-
lation here than in any other part of the Union.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I understand
the gentleman to state that under the law the
party was required to reside twelve months in
the city after naturalization before he wasentitled
to vote ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That is my under-
standing.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I understand such to
be the decision of the judges under the law as it
now stands.
Mr. BENNETT. If the gentleman will refer
to the law he will find that he is mistaken.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Speaker, there is
a peculiar state of things in the District of Co-
lumbia. There is here a larger transient popula-
tion and more chango in the population than in
any other portion of the Union. A practice has
frown up here, within the last few years, which
think is worthy of the attention of the House.
I understand that under this Administration every
man who holds office or enjoys the favor of Gov-
ernment employment, and is regarded as an
American or Know Nothing 111 sentiment, is re-
moved from his office or employment, and others,
including aliens, for ought I know, are installed
in the places thus vacated. I understand that
about one third of the voting population of this
city consists of Government appointees or em-
ployes; I understand that there is a large num-
ber of men employed on the public works, many
of whom are believed to be aliens. If this is the
slate of things, when we come to remember that
there has been no uniform iaw throughout the
United States regulating the right of suffrage—
that m some of the States aliens are permitted to
vote as freely as citizens, while in others a resi-
dence of six or twelve months, or as in Virginia
and South Carolina, of two yeais is required even
of citizens moving m—we ought to make a care-
ful examination of the paiticular facts in this
case. If this bill pass, a citizen of the United
States removing into this District from my State
or any other, is disfranchised for twelve months.
Though entitled to all the privileges under the
Constitution, yet ho must wait twelve months ^
before lie is permitted to vote. If an alien comes i
here he may be naturalized and in from one to 1
ten days after naturalization, he may go to the '
ballot-box and vote. Is this what gentlemen call
equality? Is it a state of equality, when a for- j
eign-born citizen has the right to vote m ten days '
after lie becomes a citizen, and a native-born cit-
izen is required to reside here without the priv- ;
ilege of voting for a year? !
Citizens of this District have complained to me i
that there is a transient population here almost j
sufficient to ovenide the permanent resident citi- j
zens in the jegulafion of property and pcisonal j
rights, and the fostering the permanent interests j
of the city. They complain that if this bill passes i
its effects will be to work a complete revolution I
in parties here, and that its purpose may be, in !
connection with the action of the present Admin- !
istration, to put down at the ballot-box the resi- i
dent population here by admitting a large number |
of peisons who have been aliens, up to withm a j
very short tune before an election, and who will j
take out their naturalization papers, and come to j
the ballot-boxes aad vote down the resident citi- !
Zens, Is this a state of equality? Is itjust' j
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to correct the gen- j
tieman. If lunderstood him,he said he preferred I
the old law to the new one now under discussion,
because of the qualification as to residence. The
provision is in exactly the same words in both laws.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would inquire if the
existing law does not require that an inhabitant
of the District shall have been a citizen within the
District twelve months before he shall be entitled
to vote.
A Member. Exactly the reverse.
Mr. WHITNEY. I will state to the gentle-
man from Vermont, that the present law requires
the registration of the name of the voter between
five and six months preceding the annual election,
which is almost equivalent to the amendment
proposed by my friend from Kentucky.
. Mr. MEACHAM. It requires the same resi-
dence as the present law.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am aware it requires
the same residence—but the present law, which
I do not understand to be in the same language
with this bill—the present law, as construed by
the judges, requires a citizenship of twelve
months. If there is any portion of this Union in
which the term of naturalization should be ex-
tended, it is that portion embraced within the
District of Columbia, for the reason that it is
more subject to be influenced and controlled by a
transient voting population, than any other part
of the Union.
Mr. WHITNEY. I do not feel able, on ac-
count of physical inability, to enter into the
merits of this question; but 1 desire to say a very
few words upon the subject. The first question
which occurred to me, on seeing this bill, which
has been reported by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, was, what is the object, and
where the necessity of an amendment of the elec-
tion law of the District? And on inquiry among
the citizens of the District, 1 find no necessity for
such amendment existing. The unanimous voice
of the people of this District, so far as my experi-
ence goes, is opposed to any amendment of their
election law. Their objection lies precisely where
it was stated to lie by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee,[Mr. Zollicoffer,] in the fact that it will
afford to an itineiant and floating population an
opportunity of overriding the voice and the in-
terests of the resident population of the District.
I find also, on examining this bill, and compar-
ing it with thecharter of the city of Washington,
that it is, in fact, an amendment of the city char-
ter, without professing to be so; and I imagine
that such an amendment, in such a form, may
be illegal. It may be beyond the reach of Con-
gress.
Mr. MEACHAM. With the permission of
the gentleman I wish to correct his statement,
lie says he has consulted very extensively with
the people of this city, and he has found none
who were in favor of a change. Now there is
in the possession of the committee, a petition
signed by citizens of this District, filled up with
names which will reach the whole length of this
hall, m favor of this bill. I have the authority of
the existing corporation, of the mayor of the
city, and a great, many other men; and I pre-
viously stated that the whole grand jury have
asked tlut theio might be a change of the old
law, and that a new one might be enacted m pre-
cisely the form I have jn'csmted it. I say this in
correction of the stjtement which the gentleman
has just made.
Air. WHITNEY. I respectfully ask the gen-
tleman how many of the signers of the petition
to which he has referred are olKce-holders under
the present Administration ? And I am informed
that many have signed that petition more than
once, with a view undoubtedly of piesenting a
long array of names. My own view of this bill
is plainly this—that it is an effort on the part of
the Administration to stifle the sentiment of the
people of this District upon the American ques-
tion. That is my private opinion of the object of
the bill. And there are no other means by which
that sentiment can be stifled, but by introducing
the alien votes which arc employed upon the pub-
lic works m the District. Aliens are brought to
| this city and the vicinity, a\d employed upon the
j public works—upon the Capitol extension, upon
j rebuilding the dome, upon the public buildings,
j and in the navy-yard. Now, duung their labor
j of cutting stone, of carrying mortar, of digging
| earth, and building these extensions, what oppor-
I tunity have they of studying the interests of the
District? What opportunity have they of know-
ing how to vote for the good of the District?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The gentleman
asserts, as I understand, that this is a measure
of the Administration.
Mr. WHITNEY. I assert it as my opinion.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to know of the gentle-
man whether the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill is not an opponent of the Admin-
istration, and whether the majority of the members
of that committee are not also opponents of the
Administration ? And I would also like to know
whether that gentleman [Mr. Meacham] has
conferred with the Administration on this subject?
Mr. WHITNEY. I do not know whatmotives
induced the chairman of the committee for the
District of Columbia to report this bill.
Mr. SMITH. Well, will the gentleman allow
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Meacham] to
answer whether he is not an opponent of the
Administration, and whether a majority of the
members of his committee are not opposed to the
Administration? I want his answer to go on the
record.
Mr. WHITNEY. As I said, I know nothing
about the gentleman's motives.
Mr. MEACHAM. I do not know positively in
relation to the political opinions of the committee.
I know that a word was never spoken during any
debate, referring to the Administration, or to any
political party. My impression is, that a majority
of the members of the committee certainly are
opposed to the Administration. I believe they
stand six to three against it. But in fact, I look so
little at the matter m a political point of view,
that I have never thought anything about that.
Mr. WHITNEY. Well, I will simply ask
the gentleman from Vermont, as it has been inti-
mated that the Administration had no hand in it,
whetherthe Government Superintendent of Public
Buildings [Dr. Blake] did not appear before that
committee and urge this measure?
Mr. ME/VCHAM. No, sir.
Mr. WHITNEY. Then, sir, I have been
very much misinformed.
Mr. MEACHAM. I will state, Mr. Speaker,
with the fiuther permission of the gentleman from
New York, that the mayor of this city came into
the committee room and made opposition to the
bill when it was first framed. The other gentle-
man to whom he refers was in the committee
room, and I asked him—without any offer to
speak on his part—a question as to a matter of
fact. I do not recollect what it was. But he
never came there as the advocate of the bill, and
never was called upon to advocate it. He was
there, and I consulted him.
Mr. WHITNEY. Then he was there simply
by accident, I presume. But it appears that he
was present, as I had been informed.
Mr. SMITH. I want to ask the gentleman
from New York one other question, if he will
allow me.
Mr. WHITNEY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Vermont
has stated a very important fact in connection
Willi this subject. The gentleman from Vermont
states that the mayor of this city, who is known
to be a Know Nothing—for I call things by their
right name, without any disrespect—appeared
before that committee and objected to the original
bill. I understand, sir, further, that the bill was
altered, and that—as it has been introduced here
—it met with the views of the mayor. I wish to
know from the chairman of the committee whether
this is a fact. The gentleman from New York
has charged here—and he will see my point—
that the Administration is the father of this bill;
and I wish to know how it is; who it was that
advocated it; and whether it was not advocated
by those with whom he acts in this House.
Air. MEACHAM offered no response.
Air. WHITNEY. The gentleman from Ver-
mont does not answer, and I have strength for but
afewwordsmore. These I will employ in quoting
an extract from the present charter of this city,
and an extract from the proposed bill. The present
charter of this city provides that every free white
male citizen, who shall have attained the age of
twenty-one years, ar.d who shall have jesided in
the city of Washington one year immediately
preceding the day of election, and who shall be
a resident of the ward in which he shall offer to
vote,and who shall have been returned upon the
