1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
books of the corporation during; the year ending
31st December next preceding the day of election,
as subject to a school tax for that year, with other
qualifications, shall have a right to vote. Now,
the point which I wish to arrive at is, the neces-
sity of this registration prior to the 31st of Decem-
ber preceding the day of election. The election
here takes place some time in the month of June.
Every voter is required by the present charter of
the city to be registered nearly six months before
he is entitled to vote. The proposed bill requires
that he shall be registered ten days only before
he shall be entitled to vote. This is, we find,
either an abrogation or an amendment of the
charter of the city of Washington. I imagine
that if the people of "Washington desire a new
charter, or desire amendments to their charter,
they do not want this kind of patchwork. They
want to be able to take their charter in their hands
and read it as it exists, and not be compelled to
hunt through all the statutes of Congress to know
■what the charter of their city is. Instead of the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] to recommit this bill, I should have pre-
ferred to have it recommitted with instructions to
strike out the enacting words; and if the gentle-
man from Ohio has no objection to that course, I
would move it in place of his motion.
Mr. GOODE. I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I
feel very considerable surprise at the tenor of the
remarks just made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Whitney,] charging the Adminis-
tration of this country with an impertinent inter-
ference in the legislation of the country. Sir,
the allegation is wholly gratuitous; and the gen-
tleman rises up in the face of the country to pro-
claim to it that he had no evidence whatever to
sustain his charge. If the gentleman chooses to
occupy that position before the country of assail-
ing the high Executive of the nation—of imputing
to him bad motives—of imputing to him a desire
to interfere improperly with the legislation of the
country, without assigning a shadow of testimony
to support such imputations, he is welcome to the
glory of that position.
Mr. WHITNEY. If the gentleman will allow
mc one word, I felt at liberty to make the gen-
eral expression of opinion which I did, from
having read a correspondence that was published
between a member of this House and the Assist-
ant Postmaster General, in which that officer ex-
pressed the sentiment, that in any appointments
to be made by the Postmaster General a foreign
Catholic would be preferable to an American
Protestant.
Mr. GOODE. And that is the evidence, I pre-
sume, upon which the learned gentleman from
New York has undertaken to arraign the Exec-
utive of the country for improper interference in
the action of this ftouse! And, sir the gentle-
man must stand before the country as arraigning
the committee which reported this bill as having
been improperly influenced by the Executive!
Now, sir, who compose that committee? You,
sir, know who they are. By whom was the com-
mittee organized? You know by whom it was
organized. What are its constituent elements?
You know what are its constituent elements. You
know that of the nine members who compose the
committee, six are opposed to the Administration,
whilst but three are supposed to give it their
countenance and support.
Mr. Speaker, it was not my purpose to have
entered into this debate. It did not seem tome
to be necessary that these controversial questions
should be mixed UP^-with the subject-matter of
this bill. I had hopetl that they would have been
postponcduntil some more proper occasion. The
arguments that have been presented would have
been pertinent to a bill having for its object the
extension of the naturalization laws; but 1 con-
fess 1 was not prepared to expect that gentlemen
would come here with their national political
topics in the discussion and arrangement of an
election bill for the people of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Gentlemen have said that there was a repre-
sentative of the Executive—a doctor somebody
—who appeared before the committee to enforce
the views of the President. The chairman of the
committee [Mr. Meaciiam] has very properly :
vindicated that gentleman and the committee from j
such a charge. If this gentleman was an emissary \
of the Executive, ho certainly acted a very modest!
part. Why, sir, every member of the committee
agreed in recommending these provisions of the
bill. The mayor of the city was present, and ob-
jected only to that provision in reference to regis-
tration. He made no objection to this provision
which it is now proposed to amend. He acqui-
esced in these provisions about which this discus-
sion has been carried on to-day. He did not
contend for the proposition, that the residence of
an individual who happens not to be a citizen of
the United States is no residence at all. He ac-
quiesced in the truth of the proposition, that such
a residence is an actual de facto residence. But
the argument that has been made upon this point
has been fully answered.
It has been said that this bill creates an ine-
quality between a native-born and a naturalized
citizen of the United States. All that is in the
imagination. Gentlemen would not contend that
the residence of a person during his minority was
not a residence in the eyes of the law. No, sir,
if a man twenty years of age resides here for one
year, he is permitted to vote as soon as he becomes
twenty-one years of age. His residence during
his minority is considered as a satisfaction, in
the eyes of the law, just as much as if he had
been twenty-one years of age when he came here
to reside. Yet this is the whole force of the
argument that has been urged against the passage
of this bill.
Sir, I had hoped that it would comport with
the understanding and intelligence of this House
to have passed this bill. There has been much
controversy in conducting the elections of the
city of Washington. Parties have gone great
lengths, and have been ready to commit violence
against each other. Various causes have been
assigned for the difficulties that have occurred.
It has been complained that they are allowed too
little time to conduct their elections. This bill
provides a cure for that defect. It has been com-
plained that the polls are not opened soon enough
m the morning. This bill provides a remedy
for that defect. It has been complained that
there are too few placos at which the polls are
opened. This bill cures that defect. It has been
complained that there arc difficulties in the con-
struction of the existing law, which have been
discussed here to-day. This bill cures that defect.
And give me leave to say, inasmuch as the pro-
ceedings in committee have been referred to, that
these very provisions in this bill to which gentle-
men have made so much objection to-day, were
drafted by a gentleman belonging to their own
political organization.
A Member. Who was it?
Mr. GOODE. Mr. Harris, of Maryland. The
first and second sections were drawn up by that
gentleman. And allow mc to say further, with
all respect, that this bill, about which so much
discussion has arisen, was unanimously recom-
mended by the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, two thirds of which are members of the
American party. The mayor of the city acceded
to the proposition, that the bill should be reported
in the form in which it was reported. He repre-
sented to the committee that it was important
some bill should be passed to secure tranquillity
and good will upon the part of the voters of the
city of Washington; and, sir, no remonstrance
was ursred against it.
Mr. VULLER, of Maine. If the gentleman
will allow me to ask him a question, as this is a
matter in which, as an outsider, I feel very little
interest, except to see the people of the District
gratified, I want to know whether there has been
any remonstrance from the people of the District
against the bill in its present shape ?
Mr. GOODft. No, sir; no remonstrance has
been presented. On the contrary, the adoption of
such a bill as this was recommended by the cor-
porate authorities of the city. It was recom-
mended, as I have said, by the mayor, and it was
recommended by the public sentiment of the peo-
ple of the city. It is objected to only in this
House to-day for purposes which all may peiceive.
But, sir, believing it to be due to the interest of
the people of the District that the matter should
be disposed of to-day, I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to withdrjwthe motion to recommit. I
will then mo\e the previous question.
Mr. MEACHAM. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Virginia 1 will withdraw the motion
to recommit.
Mr. GOODE. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, to allow me to- address the
House.
Mr. GOODE. I should be very glad to accom-
modate the gentleman from Alabama, but I do
not feel at liberty to withdraw the call for the
previous question to allow this general debate
upon Americanism to go on.
Mr. WALKER. I do not propose to discuss
Americanism; I desire to speak to the amend-
ment before us. I put it to the gentleman, as a
matter of personal courtesy, that he should with-
draw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. GOODE. Will the gentleman renew it?
Mr. WALKER. I will.
. Mr. GOODE. I then withdraw my demand.
Mr. WALKER then addressed the House for
half an hour. His speech is, at his request, with-
held forrevision, and will be published in the Ap-
pendix. He concluded by renewing the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. MAXWELL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I demanded the previous
question under the promise made to the gentle-
man from Virginia. I am willing to withdraw it
with his consent.
Mr. GOODE. Gentlemen will perceive that,
unless we pass this bill now, if the House ad-
journs in its present condition, it is impossible to
tell when it will come up again.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. As I had the honor
to offer this amendment, and have not spoken to
it at all, I desire, before the previous question is
seconded, to have an opportunity to address the
House.
Mr. SNEED. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BOWIE. I wish it to be understood that,
if the demand for the pievious question is with-
drawn, I have the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope my col-
league will withdraw his motion that the House
adjourn until the main question has been ordered
upon this bill.
Mr. SNEED. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. Gentlemen will bear in mind
that an adjournment now defeats the bill.
A Member. That is the very reason why the
House should adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
for tellers upon the motion to adjourn.
Air. GREENWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to inquire of
the Chair, what will be the condition of this bill
in the event that the House now adjourns ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it will go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to renew the mo-
tion to recommit the bill. I withdrew it under
an entire misapprehension of the state of facts
existing. If it be in order, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time, except by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the motion was
received.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Do I understand that
the motion to recommit is now pending?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB. With that motion pending, the
bill will come up as the fiist business in order in
the morning, will it not?
The SPEAKER. It will. The question now
before the House is the motion to adjourn, upon
i which the yeas and nays have been demanded.
I Mr. GREENWOOD. I withdraw the demand,
j The motion was then agreed to; and the House
i accordingly (at half-past three o'clock) adjourned
. until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
! IN SENATE.
' Wednesday, March 28, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
: PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
j Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of cit-
: izens of Northampton county, Pennsylvania,
