1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
free-State constitution now before us, proposed to
exclude the negro and mulatto forever from that
country. Upon the score of humanity, then, even
towards the "poor negro" about whom so much
sympathy is attempted to be excited, I ask, which
does him the greater wrong, the Kansas bill, or
the project of your free-State constitution ? Who,
to him, is the Good Samaritan in thi&case ? The
Free-Soil Levite, who would leave him to starve
without land _ to work ? or his numane southern
master, who is willing to provide both land and
shelter, food and raiment? Where, then, is the
wrong of this bill? It consists in nothing but
permitting the freemen of our own race to settle
this question of the status of the African amongst
themselves, as they in their wisdom and patriotism
niay think best for the happiness of both races,
just as the freemen of our own race did in each
of the old thirteen States of the Union.
But, sir, the House did not heed this lecture of
the editor. The bill passed this body; it passed
the Senate; it received the constitutional approval
of the Executive, and became the law of the land.
I looked for by those instigating the movements
| I have alluded to ? The first man killed in the
i Territory was Davis. He fell by the hands of
I those calling themselves free-State men. Then
l Dow, a free-State man, was killed by Coleman;
; but the quarrel between them arose about a land
claim. It was a private and personal matter.
Coleman immediately gave himself up to the legal
j authorities, claiming-to have acted in self-defense.
I Whether he did or not, I do not know, and will
| not pretend to say; but a friend of Dow, of the
| name of Branson, having made threats of aveng-
ing his death, was arrested under a peace war-
; rant, and, while in the hands of an officer, was
rescued by a party of free-State men. War-
rants were taken out for these, and they took
shelter in Lawrence, where they put themselves
in defiance of thecivil authorities. The posse was
| called out to aid in the arrest, and this led first
i to the seige of Lawrence, and then to the capitu-
| lation of December last. In this war, no lives
were lost. Two or three other homicides had
been committed in the Territory; but in all, from
the burning of the Capitol, did not stop with defeat
in all three of the departments of legislation.
Members of Congress with others, beaten in the
House of Representatives, beaten in the Senate,
failing in their threats and denunciations of the
Executive, betook themselves forthwith to plot-
ting scheiaji to defeat the will of the people as
constituti^Hlly expressed. Societies were formed,
one of them by members of this House, imme-
diately after the bill passed; money was raised;
circulars were issued,—all with the avowed pur-
pose of sending people to Kansas to prevent the
peaceful and quiet operation of the wise and
beneficent principles of the territorial law—move-
ments havinga direct tendency to kindle this civil
war of which we now hear.
The Capitol fortunately was not burnt—that
 _i__ *V-\- j i-1 .
have there been fewer.murders or deaths by vio-
lence? How many were killed in the riots last
year in Cincinnati ? How many in Louisville,
Kentucky ?
I venture to say to-day, that with all this clamor
| about civil war in Kansas, more lives have not
been lost there, since the organization of theTer-
, ritory, than have been in several of the large city
J elections of the United States within the last
twelve months. It is not my wish to make light
of these things, but to take a calm and dispas-
sionate view of them. A strong and general
tendency to disregard law and order is one of the
- Drrler dlln?tre;£n n most lamentable evils of the day. "It is not con-
t Uggeatl°n fld n?1 ^e: B"t bodies ; fined to Kansas, butit is seen andfelteverywhere.
°f orgamzed-not allowing the legiti- ; And our object, and that of all good men, should
mate laws of nature, of climate, and of soil to de- ; be to check it rather than excite it.
termine the character of the pioneer population
from all the States alike who might choose to
make settlement there. Men were sent out in
large companies, with arms and munitions of
war; Sharpe's rifles were sent; artillery was sent.
What for ? Did these colonists go to Kansas as
our forefathers sought homes at Plymouth, St.
Mary's, Jamestown, and Savannah ? Or did they
pot rather go as the train-bands of Cortes and
Pizzaro went forth thirsting for the conquest oj
the Montizumas and the Incas? Was not their
sole object to effect by force and violence what
they had failed to do by legislation ? What other
meaning can.be put upon the following manifesto
which was published in the " Herald of Free-
dom," their organ at Lawrence, the head-quarters
of these emigrants in the Territory:
" Come one, come all, slaveocrau and nullifiers; we hare
rifles enough, and bullet* enough, to send yon ail to your
(and Judas'8)' own place.' 1 If you're coming, why don't
you come along?'"
Was not this a direct invitation to arms ? And
whatever troubles or disturbances exist in Kan-
sas, let them not be charged to the Kansas bill,
but to those who have sworn in their wrath that
that bill never shall work out its natural and legiti-
mate results, if they can prevent it. As well
might the wars about points of doctrine and re-
ligious creeds which have disgraced Christendom,
be charged upon the heavenly principles of the
f ospel. • Christ himself said that it was impossi-
le but that offenses in this world of wickedness
would come. When bad men are at work, they
cannot be prevented. The principles of that bill
aee in no way responsible for any outrages or
trampling upon rights by parties on the other
side of the controversy, got up and provoked in
that Territory by designing men outside, for mis-
chievous purposes. And the friend s of that bill—
those who stand pledged to its principles—con-
demn outrages on either or both sides alike.
But a word, sir, as to the nature and extent of
these difficulties. Are they not greatly exagge-
rated and magnified? Let us look at the facts,
borne men, it is true, have been killed—some on
both sides. And what else cguld hare bepn ex-
pected. What other result could hare been
Then, sir, as to the election in Kansas and the
laws passed by their Legislature. One word upon
this point. The first election was held there for
a Delegate to Congress in November, 1854. That
there were illegal votes on both sides I have no
doubt; but I believe it is admitted by every one
that, notwithstanding the efforts of the emigrant
aid companies to prevent it, General Whitfield
had much the larger number of the legal votes of
the Territory, and was duly elected. In March
afterwards greater efforts were made to carry the
Legislature." The result was the commission or
certificate of election by Governor Reeder himself
to a large majority of both branches of that body.
They were therefore legally constituted as a le-
gislative body. There may have been illegal vot-
ing on both sides, as there is doubtless in all our
elections. But upon the well-settled and fixed
principles on which all our representative institu-
tions rest, and without a maintenance of which
there can be neither " law nor order," that is no w
a closed question. The laws, therefore, of that
Legislature must be observed and obeyed until
repealed or modified by legislative power, or set
aside by the courts as void. And upon the char-
acter of these laws I wish to make but a passing
remark. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] pointed out quite a number of them the
other day, which He said were very bad ones.
Well, sir, I am not going to discuss their respect-
ive merits. Perhaps some of them are bad; it
would be an extraordinary code if it were other-
wise. I know the advocates of the present gov-
ernment in the Territory—the law-and-order
party there—do not themselves approve of all of
them. I will read what they say on the subject:
" The law for the protection of slave property has also
been much misunderstood. The right to pass such a law
is expressly stated by Governor Reeder in his inaugural
message, in which he says: ' A Territorial Legislature may
undoubtedly act upon the question to a limited and partial
extent, and may temporarily prohibit, tolerate, or regulate
slavery in the Territory, and in an absolute or modified
form, with all the force and effect of any other legislative
act, binding until repealed by the same power that enacted
it.' There is nothing in the act itself, as has been charged,
to prevent a free discussion of the subject of slavery. Its
bearing on society, its morality or expediency, or whether ,
it would b« jwlitic or impoliuc to make this a slave State, I
The revolutionary spirit, however, which invoked the organization of the Territory, up to the at-
   ;'u 1 tempted assassination of Sheriff Jones, I think
not exceeding half a dozen ! In what part of the ,
United States, sir, in the same length of time, j
with the same population they have in Kansas,
can be discussed here as freely as is any State in this
Union, without infringing any of the provisions of the law.
To deny the right of a person to hold slaves under the law
in this Territory is made penal; but, beyond this, there is
no restriction to the discussion of the slavery question in
any aspect in which it is capable of being considered.
We do not wish to be understood as approving of all the
laws passed by the Legislature; on the contrary, we would
state that there1 are some that we do not approve of, and
which are condemned by public opinion here, and which
will no doubt be repealed or modified at the meeting of the
next Legislature. But this is nothing more than what
frequently occurs, both in the legislation of Congress and
of the various State Legislatures. The remedy for such
evils is to be found in public opinion, to which, sooner or
later, in a Government like ours, all laws must conform."
Mr. COLFAX. What is the date of that ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Last November. Now,
sir, I have examined this whole code of laws, and
as a whole, some few exceptions out, I say that
no State in the Union has got better ones. There
are some in it I do not approve—there are some
in all the codes I have ever seen that I do not ap-
prove. I will not go to the gentleman's State, or
to any-other gentleman's State, to find laws that I
do not approve. We have plenty of them in my
own State. And the gentleman ought to feel
highly blessed if he has none in Indiana that he
disapproves. We have a great many in Georgia
I do not approve. There is one in particular which
I fought in the Legislature and opposed before
the courts with all the power that I had. It was
a law making it penal to bear concealed deadly
weapons. I am individually opposed to bearing
such weapons. I never bear weapons of any
sort; but I believed that it was the constitutional
righjt of every American citizen to bear arms if
he chooses, and just such arms, and in just such
way, as be chooses. ■ I thought that it was the
birthright of every Georgian to do it. I was de-
feated in our Legislature. I was defeated before
our courts. The question went up to the highest
judicial tribunal in our State, the Supreme Court,
which sustained the law. In that decision all had
to acquiesce. Sir, the people in all the States
have to obey the laws as pronounced and ex-
pounded by the courts. The difference between
a republic and a monarchy is, that the one is a
government of laws, subject to be changed by the
people; the - other is a government dependent
upon the caprice or whim, and arbitrary will of
one man. And when the people of a Republic
array themselves against their laws, the first step
is into anarchy, and then comes monarchy. Tho
speech of the gentleman from Indiana is suffi-
ciently answered by the address of his own party
adopted at Pittsburg, though those who issued it
seemed not to b« conscious of the effect of the
admission. That address, after specifying the
same objectionable laws in the Kansas code which
he has, says:
" That these despotic acts, even if they bad been passed
by a Legislature duly elected by the people of the Territory,
would have been null and void, inasmuch as they are
plainly in violation of the Federal Constitution, is too clear
for argument. Congress itself is expressly forbidden by tha
Constitution of the United States to make any laws abridg-
ing the freedom of speech and of the press; and itis absurd
to suppose that a Territorial Legislature, deriving all its
power from Congress, should not be subject to the game
restrictions."
The latter is a very clear proposition, to my
mind. Neither Congress nor a Territorial Legis-
lature can pass any law abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press. This is, indeed, too clear
for argument. I indorse that part of the Pitts-
burg platform. But not a single disturbance in
the Territory has grown out of either of these
laws complained of as despotic. But if there had
—if these laws be so clearly unconstitutional and
so manifestly violative of the freedom of speech
and of the press, why should not any party
aggrieved refer the question to the judicial tribu-
nals ? If the case is so clear, why not go to the
courts ? There are Federal courts in the Terri-
tory? and an appeal can be taken to the same
high tribunal that all of us in such matters have
to appeal to in the last resort—the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I
rise to propound a question, if it iB entirely agree-
able to the gentleman from Georgia, an<f not
otherwise
Mr. STEPHENS. Perfectly agreeable; but
I hope the gentleman will not take much of my
time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was similarly responded
