iem.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Letter reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly several bills of a territorial character,
and had directed him to report the same back,
some with and some without amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. When the committee was in ses-
sion it found itself without a quorum; and being
in that condition, I hold that it could not instruct
the Chairman to make the report which he has
made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The House cannot know
what occurred in the committee, except by the
report.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to know what has occurred 111 the committee.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chairman to state
whether the committee did not find itself without
a quorum, and whether the roll was called ?
The SPEAKER. The facts alluded to are not
within the knowledge of the Chair; and no
question of order can be based on them.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
The House proceeded to consider House bill
(No. 185) to explain the act approved 12th April,
1854, entitled "An act to establish additional
land districts in the Territory of Minnesota,"
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, without amendment.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question.
Mr. WALKER (at three o'clock and forty
Minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN KANSAS.
The House next proceeded to consider House
bill (No. 115) to establish two additional land
districts in the Territory of Kansas, reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute.
The question being on agreeing to the substi-
tute,
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, moved that
the bill lie upon the table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BENNETT. I will withdraw the motion
for the present.
And then, on motion of Mr. MATTESON, (at
three o'clock and forty-five minutes,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jv/ne 24, 185G.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating a letter, of the 26th
instant, from the Secretary of the Interior, and
accompanying papers, relative to a conflict of
jurisdiction between the Federal and Cherokee
courts, and the inadequacy of protection against
the intrusion of improper persons into the Cher-
okee country; which was read, and, on motion of
Mr. Sebastian, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, communica-
ting a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
ana accompanying papers, respecting the sum of
$16,094 80, now in the hands of the agent of the
Choctaw Indians, being a balance remaining from
the sales of the Choctaw orphan reservations,
under the 19 th article of the treaty of 1830; which
was read, and, on motion of Mr. Sebastian, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting
a report from the Secretary of State, with accom-
panying documents, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 16th instant, requesting the
President to communicate to the Senate a copy
of tlie instructions sent by this Government to
Mr. Buchanan, late Minister to England, on the
subject of free ships making free goods, and Mr.
Buchanan's letter to Lord Clarendon on the same
subject; which was read, and, on motion of Air.
Brown, ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That William A. Richardson have leave to
withdraw his petition and p.ipci.s.
Mr. BROWN. I ask leave to withdraw cer-
tain papers presented by Mr. Soule, formerly a
member of this body, in 1852. They are the
papers of Mrs. Eleonore Meoton, widow of
Auguste Douee. I move that they be withdrawn
for the purpose of being presented to the Mexi-
can Government.
Leave was granted.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
An act to revive and continue in force the pro-
visions of the act of 1853, relative to suspended
entries of the public lands, and of the act of 1846,
in relation to suspended preemption land claims;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Charles Simms, late collector of the port of Alex-
andria; and
An act changing the time of holding the dis-
trict court of the United States at Wytheville, in
the western district of Virginia.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have a communication
sent by Judge Gilchrist, the presiding judge of
qhe Court of Claims, which is addressed to the
Senate and House of representatives, setting
forth the manner in which the court lias con-
strued the jurisdiction conferred upon it, the
nature and character of the business before it,
and the necessity for aid to the Solicitor in order
to enable him properly to represent, in the nu-
merous cases before that court, the interests of
the Government. The Court represents that al-
though the present Solicitor has performed his
duties with great ability and fidelity, it is utterly
impossible for him to prepare cases on the part
of the Government, in answer to the many law-
yers who plead at the bar of that tribunal. The
communication also states the difficulties which
the court has been obliged to encounter, in put-
ting in motion this new department of the Gov-
ernment.
It concludes by setting forth that the court
will send to Congress during, and before the ad-
journment of, the present session, one hundred
and twenty-five cases; that they have examined
and ordered testimony to be taken in two hun-
dred cases; and that they have drawn one hun-
dred elaborate opinions on questions of law. I
move that this communication be laid on the table,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Frederick Koones, for himself and the clerks and
messenger in the office of the Navy Agent at
Washington, praying to be allowed the twenty
per cent, on their pay, which was allowed to other
employes of the Government at \\asliington;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved, on behalf of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, that they be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of ZibaT. Peters, delegate of the Stock-
bridge and Munsee tribes of Indians, on the
ground that the appropriation for which he asks
will be made, as a matter of course, in the annual
Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
PLATTSBURG LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No
409) granting to certain citizens of the State of"
Missouri the right to enter certain lands in the
Plattsburg district in said State, have had the
same under consideration, and have instructed
mo to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. As this bill relates to a
subject which lias been for some ten or a dozen
years suspended in the State of Missouri without
any fault of the purchasers of 'those lands, and
as the bill simply provides that they shall have
the right to purchase the lands at a Government
price, thereby quieting their .titles, I ask, at the
request of the gentleman representing that State,
that the Senate will consider the bill now. I
have a very full communication from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, giving the
history of the case, and recommending the pas-
sage of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill.
The State of Missouri, under the provisions of.
the eighth section of the act of Congress of the
4th September, 1841, selected certain lands in the
Plattsourg district, which were thereupon with-
held from sale by the United States; the State
permitted entries of them to be made at the State
land office; but the selections of the State were
subsequently rejected. In view of these facts,
the bill provides that in all cases where persons
purchased such lands from the State of Missouri,
by entry at the State land office, if the title be
still in the United States, they, or their assignees,
shall be permitted to enter them at the proper
land office of the United States, at the price of
P 25 per acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
OLIVER M. WOZENCRAFT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee on Indian Affairs the jomt
resolution (No. 8) from the House of Repre-
sentatives, which was referred to that committee.
It is a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft. *The committee recommend the
passage of the resolution; and inasmuch as it is
a small matter and has received the concurrent
testimony of a report from the committees of both
Houses, and embraces no disputed facts or ques-
tions of law, I ask for the present consideration
of the joint resolution.
There being no objection, the, Senate proceeded
as in Committee of the Whole to consider the
joint resolution, which proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to audit and settle., upon
just and equitable principles, the accounts of 0.
M. Wozencraft, late commissioner and Indian
agent for California, for actual disbursements
made by him. For this purpose, it appropriates
07,000; but the resolution includes no contracts
entered into by Wozencraft, or drafts drawn by
him, on which individuals now base claims
against the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES P. BABCOCK.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 134) authorizing the
settlemcntof the accounts of CharlesP. Babcock,
late Indian agent at Detroit, in the State of Mich-
igan, to report it back without amendment, with
a recommendation that it pass; and as it is for a
very small amount—only afew hundred dollars—
I ask the Senate to consider it at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
as in Committee of the Whole to consider the
bill, which provides for the adjustment of Mr.
Babcock's account, and declares that in thatacW
justment certain vouchers, heretofore presented
by him, and now on file, for expenses incurred
for premiums paid in exchanging and collecting
drafts, and also one quarter's salary for his °wn
services, shall be allowed and p w- AnJr bal-
ance thus found due to him is to be first &PP}'e<J
in liquidation of his indebtedness to the Umtea
