im
APPENDIX TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 28,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. op Reps.
to on a former occasion, and I shall take warn-
ing, and occupy but a momentof the gentleman a
time. Why did not you, and those who sought
to disturb tbe time-honored compromise of our :
fathers of 1830, if they regarded the eighth sec- ;
tion of the Missouri act as unconstitutional, re-
Bort to the courts to test its constitutionality ?
Mr. STEPHENS. There is a case of that
•ort now before the Supreme Court.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Why, instead of bringing
all this trouble on the country, did he not then
resort to the courts ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Why, Mr. Speaker, it was
first my duty as a legislator, believing it to be
wrong, to vote to repeal it, and I did so, [laugh-
ter;] and if the Congress of the United States
had not repealed it, and I had been personally
affected by it in the Territory, then I might have
resorted to the courts.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Did not the gentleman rote
to repeal it because of its unconstitutionality ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Standing as it did; I did,
for that and other reasons. As long as it stood
as a regulation founded on the principle of a
division of the Territory, I was willing to abide
by it; but when it was abandoned and repudiated
as such, it was, in my judgment, an odious and !
unjust restriction. But I do not wish the gentle- ,
man to divert me from the line of argument I was
pursuing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman voted to
repeal it in 1854 because it was unconstitutional,
why did he vote to fasten it upon Texas in 1846,
unless, in the meanwhile, there was a change in
the Constitution ?
Mr. STEPHENS. For the very reason that
I have just stated. In 1845, on the annexation
of Texas, I voted for it, upon the principle of a
division of the Territory. Congress has a right to
pass all needful laws and regulations for the
Territory, as property; so said Mr. Madison; this
includes the power to divide, if necessary or
needful for puulic peace and harmony. When I
voted for it, it was upon that principle. And, sir,
it was in 1850, after the gentleman's party had
repeatedly—in 1846, 1847, 1848, 1849, and 1850
—denied, repudiated, and scouted at what they
now call the time-honored compromise of our
fathers of 1820, that I voted for the reestablish -
ment of the old principle in our territorial policy
—of leaving the public domain open for the free
and equal settlement and colonization of the
people from all the States alike, without congres-
sional limitations or restrictions upon My. This
principle was reestablished in 1850—after the one
proposed in 1820 had been abandoned—and this
principle I voted to carry out in- 1854, in the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman ex-
plain to the House and to the country, how it is
that a measure may be constitutional which ex-
cludes slavery on one side of a given line, in a
Territory belonging to the people of the States in
common, and unconstitutional on the other?
Mr. STEPHENS. My explanation of the
point the gentleman makes is this: Upon the
principle of a division of the Territory as public
property between the two sections, it might be
constitutional to set aside a portion to one by fixed
lines and boundaries, while the appropriation of
the whole of it to that section would be manifestly
WTong, unjust, and therefore unconstitutional.
Just as in the case of the division of the surplus
revenue—public property—among the States—the
part assigned to each, on division fairly and justly
made,wasconstitutionalIy held; but if some States
had taken all to the exclusion of the rest, that
would have been manifestly unjust, and therefore
unconstitutional. But I have given my views at
large upon this subjeet once before this session.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well then 
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not wish the gentle-
man to divert me from my argument by a con-
tinuation of questions upon other subjects.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope I may be fortunate
enough to get the floor at the expiration of the
gentleman '■ hour, and therefore will not press my
inquiries now on this interesting point.
Mr. STEPHENS. Now, sir, just here I wish
to say a. word more about "that time-honored
compact of our fathers," which it is said has
been violated. Mr. Speaker, I say that the
ftthers who made this Republic, from the begin-
ning of it—from the date of the Constitution and
up to 1820, never in a single instance exercised the
power of excluding the migration of slaves from
any of the States of this Union to the common
territory. The gentleman now claims to follow
the fathers of the Republic. Well, I suppose Gen-
eral Washington, Mr. Madison, and Mr. Jeffer-
son, are as eminently entitled as any others to
occupy that position. Mr. Jefferson especially
is often quoted by those holding seats on this
side of the House. Mr. Jefferson, it is said, was
against slavery. I grant that. But how ? Mr.
Jefferson was in favor of every State retaining and
exercising jurisdiction over the subject for itself.
Mr. Jefferson was himself opposed to the passage
of that restriction in 1820, now called a time-hon-
ored compact. I do not care as to what his ab- .
stract opinions were. I believe he was for pro- |
viding for the gradual abolition of slavery in Vir- j
ginia. But his plan was for the people of Virginia
to do it for themselves, without any interference
from abroad or influence from this Government—
I mean after the present Constitution was formed
and adopted. I have Mr. Jefferson's sentiments
here before me on this particular Missouri re- |
striction, when it was passed. It is immaterial |
what his opinions of slavery were—what did he ;
I think of that measure ? The author of the Dec- \
| laration of Independence is often appealed to as
| authority by the gentleman's party. Sir, if the
i departed Jefferson could return from the realms
- above—if the seals of the tomb at Monticello could
be broken, and that spirit could be permitted to
revisit the earth, believe you that he would speak
a different sentiment to-day from that he uttered
, then?
i Here is the letter which Mr. Jefferson wrote.
1 It is too long to read the whole; but in this letter
j to Mr. Holmes, of Maine, dated the 29th April,
1 1820, after strongly condemning the establish-
ment of a geographical line, ana the attempt to
restrain the "diffusion of slavery over a greater i
surface," he says: j
"An abstinence, too, from this act of power would re-
move the jealousy excited by the undertaking of Congress
to regulate the condition of the different descriptions of men
composing a State. This, certainly, is the exclusive right
of every State, which nothing in the Constitution has taken
from them and given to the General Government. Could
Congress, for example, say that the now freemen of Con-
necucut should be freemen, and that they shall not emigrate
into any other State ?"
This is plain and explicit, and on the very
question.
Again, in a letter to Mr. Madison on the same
subject, he says:
" i am indebted to you for your two letters of February 7
j and 19. Tlus Missouri question, by a geographical line of
division, is the most portentous one I have ever contem- ,
[plated." * * * "is ready to risk the Union for i
I any chance of restoring his party to power, and wriggling
, himself to the head of it."
] The allusion here is evidently to Rufua King,
who wets the first mover of the restriction. Such,
sir, were the sentiments of him who was not only
the author of the Declaration of Independence,
but the author of the ordinance of 1787, under
the old Confederation. This is what he said of
the restriction of 1820, under our present Consti-
tution.
Here ia also Mr. Madison's emphatic opinion
against the same measure. I cannot take up my
time in reading it. I state the fact, and challenge
contradiction. Jefferson was against the restric-
tion of 1820. Madison was against it, and Jack-
son was against it. No man can deny these facts.
It was reluctantly accepted by the South, however,
as an alternative, and only as an alternative, for
the sake of peace and harmony. And who are
those now who call it a sacred compact ? Those
very men, the gentleman and his party, who de-
nounced every man from the North as " a dough-
face," who from 1846 to 1850 were in favor of
abiding by it for the sake of union and harmony.
Not a man can be named from the North who was
willing to abide by that line of division during
the period I have stated who was not denounced
by the gentleman and his party as " a dough-
face." Who now are the " dough-faces?" And
| if the gentleman wishes to know what tree brought
\ forth that better fruit of which he spoke the other
j day, I will tell him. It wa3 not the Kansas tree,
i but that old political upas planted by Rufus King
in 1820. It grew up; it flourished, and it sent its
poisonous exhalations throughout this country
till it came well nigh* extinguishing the life of the
Republic in 1850.
Mr, CAMPBELL. That tree was planted
when—[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]—when
slavery was first brought to the shores of America.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"1
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, then, Mr. Speaker,
it is much older than the Kansas bill. It was
planted before the Government was formed. The
Constitution itself was grafted upon its stock.
The condition or slavery of the African race, as
it exists amongst us, is a "fixed fact" in the
Constitution. From this a tree has indeed sprung
—bearing, however, no troubles or bitter fruits.
It is the tree of national liberty, which, by the
culture of statesmen and patriots, has grown up
and flourished, and is now sending, its branches
far and wide, ladened with no fruit but national
happiness, prosperity, glory, and renown.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Georgia read the preamble to the Constitution?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes; and I believe I can
repeat it to him. It is " in order to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domtstit
tranquillity."
Mr. CAMPBELL. " And secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir, to themselves
and their posterity—not to the negrqg* and Afri-
cans—and what sort of liberty? CMstitutional
liberty; that liberty which recognized the inferior
condition of the African race amongst them; the
liberty which we now enjoy; the liberty which
all the States enjoyed at that time, save one, (for
all were then slaveholding, except Massachu-
setts.) That is the sort of liberty. None of your
Socialism liberty. None of your Fourierism lib-
erty. Constitutional liberty—" law and order"
abiding liberty. That is the liberty which they
meant to perpetuate.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to return from this digres-
sion—I was on the subject of the Kansas laws—
I had a good deal to say on that point I must now
omit; for I have a good deal I wish also to say
on the rfieasure immediately before us, and the
amendment which I have submitted, and my time
is rapidly passing away.. I shall proceed, then,
to the bill and the amendment.
The bill under consideration proposes to admit
Kansas as a State at once under the Topeka con-
stitution. I am opposed to it; because that con-
stitution was formed without any authority of
law, either from the territorial authorities or from
Congress. It was formed in open opposition to
law; it was formed by men in open rebellion,
with arms in their hands, against the only legally-
constituted government in the Territory. Tne
leaders most conspicuous in getting it up are now
under arrest for treason. Whether they are guilty
or not, I will not even express an opinion. That
is a question for the courts—the Federal courts—
not tne courts created by the Territorial Legisla-
ture, but the United States courts, with an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States—to
determine. I do not wish in any way to interfere
with that judicial ouestion. Let these gentlemen
stand or fall according to their guilt or innocence,
as it may be made to appear before the proper
tribunals, at the proper time. Let us not, in the
mean time, prejudge the case either for or against
them. The man who claims to be Governor
under this Topeka constitution is now in custody
awaiting his trial for the highest offense known
to the laws and Constitution of the United States.
1 am opposed to this bill, because we have no
evidence that a majority, or anything like a ma-
jority, of the people of Kansas are in favor of
this pretendea Topeka constitution. It is an
ex parte proceeding from beginning to en(L It was
got up by a party. It was contrived by Governor
Reeder; and though he and his associates now
place the whole grounds of their justification
upon the plea that the Territorial Legislature was
composed of usurpers—that the election was car-
ried Dy an invasion of non-residents, who passed
laws that they cannot submit to, yet it must be
recollected by all fair-minded men that this Legis-
lature, however elected, was organized under the
auspices of Governor Reeder himself. He was
the judge of the election returns of its members
