APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Public, VIII.—An Act making Appropriations for
the payment of Invalid and other Pensions of the
United Status, for the yiar ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven*
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America, in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-seven:
For invalid pensions, under various acts, five
hundred and three thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For pensions under acts of the eighteenth
March, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen,
fifteenth May, one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-eight, and seventh June, one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and
thirteen thousand six hundred dollars.
For pensions to widows of those who served
during the revolutionary war, under the third
section of acts of fourth July, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-six, seventh July, one thou-
• sand eight hundred and thirty-eight, third March,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-three, sev-
enteenth June, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-four, second February, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-eight, and second section act
of third February, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-three, four hundred and sixty thousand
dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under act
of twenty-first July, one thousand eight, hundred
and forty-eight, first section act of thud February,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, two
hundred and four thousand dollars.
For half-pay pensions, payable through the
Second and Third Auditors of the Treasury,
thirty-eight thousand and forty-seven dollars and
seven cents.
For Navy invalid pensions, thirty thousand
dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows and orphans,
under act ot eleventh August, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-eight, one hundred and ten
thousand dollais.
For paying pensions of invalids who were
wounded on board of private-ai med vessels during
the last war with Cheat Dritain, in addition to the
unexpended balance of formei appropriations for
the same object, thirteen handled and fifty-seven
dollais.
Sue. 2. And be it farther unacted, That ho much
of the first section of the act entitled "Ail act for
I he relief of certain surviving officers and soldiers
of the army of the Revolution," appro\ed fifteenth
May, one thousand eight bundled and twenty-
eight, of the first section of the act entitled " An
act supplementary to the act for the i elief of cer-
tain surviving olficers and soldiers of the army of
the Revolution," approved seventh Juno, one
thousand eight bundled and thirty-two, and of
the first pioviso of the fust section of the act en-
titled " An act renewing certain naval pensions,
and extending the benefit of existing hi ws respect-
ing naval [tensions to engineers, firemen, and
coal-hcaveis m the Navy, and to their widows,"
appioved eleventh August, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-right, as provides for the pay-
ment of all pensions under the aforesaid acts out
of moneys in the Tieasury not otherwise appro-
priated , be, and t lie same is heieby, i epealed, li om
and after the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-six.
Si-,e. 3 And be it further enacted, That any
moneys appropriated by ihe net of thirty-first
Alay, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, to supply
deficiencies for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June of that year, and by the second section
of the act of twenty-eighth of February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, making appropuations for
ilie payment of pensions applicable to the pay-
ment of pensions of invalids, who were wounded
on board of private-armed vessels during the last
war yrith Great Britain, not required under the
piGvisions thereof, mciy be applied to the same
ptupose subsequent to the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, it being hereby pro-
vided, that pensions to invalids thus wounded
shall be paid from moneys in. the Treasury of the
United States in the same manner, upon appro-
priations made, 01* to be made, as other pensions
for naval or military service.
Approved, April 5, 1856.
Public, IX.—An Act to change the Times of holding
the United States Courts in the Southern District
of Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That instead of the times heretofore
fixed by law, the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the southern district of Illinois
shall hereafter be held as follows:
AtSpringfield on first Mondays in January and
first Mondaysin June—and all writs,pleas, suits,
recognizances, indictments, or other proceedings,
civil or criminal, issued, commenced, or pending,
in either of said courts, shall be returnable to, be
entered and have day m court, and be heard and
tried according to the times of holding said courts
as herein provided.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the clerk
of the said district court of the southern district
of Illinois is hereby authorized, under the direc-
tion of the judge of said district court, to make a
transcript from the records of the district and
circuit courts of the northern district of Illinois,
of all such matters and proceedings as relate to
or concern titles to real estate or causes origina-
ting in that part of the State of Illinois included
within said southern district aforesaid; and that
the compensation of said services be the same as
now allowed for like services under existing laws:
And provided, That such transcripts and records,
when so made, shall be certified by said clerk to
1)0 tiue and cotrect, and the same shall be evidence
as fully and effectually as though originally entered
and made in the coiuts of the United States for
the southern district of Illinois.
Approved, April 23, 1856.
Public, X.—An Act making Appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year ending
the thirtieth, of June, eighteen hundred and fifty -
seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy, for the
year ending file thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight bundled and fifty-seven:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, ninety-one thousand one hundred and
six dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, two thousand
and forty-four dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, eight hundred
and sixty-lour dollais.
For current and ordinary expenses,as follows:
repaus and improvements, fuel, and apparatus,
forage, postage, stationery, transportation, punt-
ing , cleiks, miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
and departments of instruction, thirty-four thou-
sand seven hundred and ninety dollars.
For gradual increase and expense of library,
one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, three
thousand dollars.
For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
eiuht thousand six handled and forty dollars.
For replacing dead and woin out cavalry and
artillery horses, one thousand dollars.
For repairs and additions to professors' quar-
ters, five thousand dollars.
For furniture for hospital for cadets, one hun-
dred and fifty dollais.
For a gun pendulum, six hundred dollars.
For a public clock, seven hundred dollars.
For additional stables for dragoons' and artil-
lery horses, ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
amounts disbuiscJ, or that may be disbursed, out
of moneys appropriated for the support of the
Military Academy by tho acts of May tenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, in payment of
additional compensation to the librarian, assistant
librarian, and certain enlisted men at that post,
be passed to the credit of the disbursing officer:
Provided, That the additional pay to said libra-
rian and assistant librarian shall not exceed the
sum of one hundred and twenty dollars each per
annum, and to the non-commissioned officer in
charge of mechanics and other labor at the post,
the soldier acting as clerk in the adjutant's office,
and the fourenlisted men in the philosophical and
chemical departments, and lithographic office, not
exceeding the sum of fifty dollars each per annum;
and that a like measure of compensation be hereby
authorized to be allowed hereafter for said ser-
vices respectively.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Senate furnish annually the library
of the Military Academy at "West Point with a
copy of all documents published by the Senate.
Approved, April 23,185G.
Public, XI.—An Act to repeal part of an Act en-
titled t( An Act to provide for the Safe-Keeping of
the Acts, Records, and Seal of the United States,
and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the act entitled " An
act to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts,
records, and seal of the United States, and for
other purposes," as is embraced in the last clause
of the sixth section of said act, and which reads
in words as follows: " For authenticating a copy
of a record or paper, under the seal of office,
twenty-five cents," shall be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Approved, April 23, 185G.
Public, XII.—An Act amendatory of an Act en-
titled " An Act to regulate the Fees and Costs to
be allowed Clerks, Marshals, and Attorneys of the
Circuit and District Courts of the United States,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the act entitled "An
act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved February twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, as applies to the
fees of jurors, be, and the same is hereby, made
to embrace the jurors of the United States courts
for the District of Columbia.
Approved, April 23, 1856.
Public, XIII.—An Act to alter and amend an Act
entitled "An Act to establish a Circuit Court of
the United Slates in and jor the State of Califor-
nia i'* approved March third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the circuit court of the United
States for the district of California shall hereafter
hold four regular sessions in each year, two of
which, beginning respectively on the fust Mon-
day in January and July, shall be held at San
Francisco in and for the northern district of Cal-
ifornia; and the other two, beginning respectively
on the first Monday of March and September,
shall be held at Los Angeles, m the southern dis-
trict of California, and the circuit judge of Cal-
ifornia shall have the same powers in relation to
his attendance on said sessions and the arrange-
ment of business thereat as are vested m the other
circuit judges of the United States by the second
section of the act appro\ed the seventeenth of
June, one thousand ei«ht hundred and forty-
four, entitled " An act concerning the Supreme
Court of the United States:" Provided, That the
term of said court herein provided to be held at
San Francisco on the first Monday in January
next, may be held in advancc of that time under
order of the said circuit judge upon notice pre-
viously given in conformity with the second sec-
tion of the act of which this act is amendatory.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
circuit court shall be presided over by the judge of
the circuit court of the United States for the dis-
tricts of California, and by the judge of the district
court for the district in which the courtis holdcn,
either of whom shall constitute a quorum; and
