1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
34th Cong,... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. or Reps.
in the first instance, and he duly commissioned a
larsre majority of both branches of it, and gave
his3 own"official certificate that they were duly
elected. If what is now asserted "by him and
others be true, why did he not at the proper time
arrest it ? Why now lay a complaint at the door
of the President for not preventing an invasion
of Kansas, or setting aside the legislative election,
while he, aa Governor, made no complaint to the
President? He was the sentinel placed upon the
watch-tower in Kansas. The only cry heard from
him by the President or the country, during this
now-pretended invasion, and for several long
months afterwards, was, " All's well!" He rec-
ognized this Legislature after it was organized,
and after he knew full well how it was elected.
I must therefore receive with many grains of al-
lowance what henQW asserts, all tending towards
nothing more strongly than the impeachment of
hisown official integrity. His position is not such
as to warrant me, as a fair man, now to back him
in his present revolutionary movement. I see no
sufficient grievance even alleged to justify me in
doing it.
Grant that some of the laws passed by the Le-
fislature that Reeder certified to as having been
uly elected were bad laws—not a single case of
oppression, growing out of any one of these laws,
has arisen. I was on this point when interrupted
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
How does it appear but that the courts would.pro-
nounce tlllse laws unconstitutional, as some on
this floor maintain that they are ? Why resort to
revolution until the courts fail? Nay,more: if a
majority of the people of Kansas are opposed to
these laws, as is so boldly asserted on this floor,
why can they not have them repealed by the next
Legislature, soon to be elected, even if the courts
should sustain them ? The next Legislature is to
be chosen in October. Why not settle that ques- :
tion at the ballot-box.' Is not that a fair anu just
way of settling such questions? Is it not the
way we have to do in ail our States ? Are thUse
who press this ex parte constitution upon us afraid
of the ballot-box? Whatever else may be said
of the acts of the Kansas Legislature, they cer-
tainly secured the purity of the fountain of po-
litical power. Here is a part of their election
law:
" Sec. 24. If any person, by menaces, threats, and force,
or by any other unlawful means, either directly or indi-
rectly, attempt to influence any qualified voter in giving
bis vote, or to deter him from giving the same, or disturb or
binder him in the free exercise of his right of suffrage, at
any election held under the laws of this Territory, the per-
son so offending shall, on conviction thereof, be adjudged
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the
county jail not exceeding one year.
" Sec. 65. Every person who shall, at the same election,
vote more than once, either at the same or a different place,
■hall, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor,
and be punished by fine not exceeding fifty dollars, or
by imprisonment in the county jail not exceeding three
months.
" Sec. 36. Every person not being a qualified voter ac-
cording to the organic law and the laws of this Territory,
who shall vote at any election within this Territory, know-
ing that he is not entitled to vote, shall be adjudged guilty
of a misdemeanor, and punished by fine not exceeding fifty
dollars.
" Sue. 27. 'Any person who designedly gives a printed or
written ticket tt  any qualified voter of this Territory, con-
taining the written or printed names of persons for whom
■aid voter does not design to vote, for the purpose of caus-
ing such voter to poll his vote contrary to his own wishes,
shall, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor,
and punished by fine not exceeding five hundred jjpllars, or
by imprisonment in the county jail not exceeding three
months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
" Sec. 28. Anyperson who shall cause to be printed and
circulated, or who shall circulate, any false and fraudulent
tickets, which upon their face appear to be designed as a
fraud upon voters, shall, upon conviction, be punished by i
fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment i
in the county jail, not exceeding three months, or By both
•ueh fine and imprisonment.
" This act to take effect and be in force from and after its
passage."—Chap. 52, p. 281.
Does any free man want a better security for
|t« sovereign right of suffrage than is here given .'
Does this look like the work of " border ruf-
fians" who were looking to carry elections by
fraud or violence ? But it is said that in the same
law it is provided that no man shall be entitled to
vote who haii been guilty of a violation of the fu-
gitive slave law passed by Congress! Well, sir,
is this an onerous restriction ? Ought men who
set themselves up in open violation of the law/a of
our country to complain of being deprived of the
right of having a voice in making laws? Are
not certain offenses in all our States grounds of
denying suffrage? But the great question is, can-
not this provision of the election law be repealed
by the next Legislature if a majority of the honest
people there are against it? The case then pre-
sented by the Governor and his associates in the
Topeka movement is not such as to justify, in
my judgment, this revolution which they have
set on foot, and now ask Congress to approve and
sanction. Besides this, Mr. Speaker, the evi-
dence is very, strong to my mind, if not conclu-
sive, that this Topeka constitution does not meet
the approval of a majority of the people of Kan-
sas. When it was submitted to popular vote,
only about seventeen hundred in the whole Terri-
tory approved it. Now, sir, I am for no such
judgment either way—I am for fair dealing in this
matter on both sides.
I wish for nothing but a fair expression of the
will of the bona hie residents of Kansas upon
this subject. When I voted for the Kansas bill,
I did so, not for the purpose of making it a slave
State, unless a majority of the white freemen
there desired it; ana if they did desire it, I was
for permitting them to exercise the same power
over the subject that the freemen of the other
States of the Union exercise over the same sub-
jects wjithin their respective limits. I never re-
garded the success of that measure as a triumph
of the South over the North, further than it was
a triumph of this great constitutional principle
of equality over that sectionalism of a party at
the North, which denied it. Whether Kansas
or Nebraska would be slave States or free States,
I did not know. I left that to time, climate, soil,
and the people, to settle. And now, sir, though
upon general principles I am opposed to the ad-
mission of any State into the Union without
population sufficient to entitle them to a member
on this floor, according to the ratio of representa-
tion, yet, in the present case, if gentlemen are
so anxious to press the admission of Kansas, I
am willing to forego the usual inquiry into the
exact amount of population there. I will waive
that point. I do not know the number of people
there. Gentlemen on the other side vary in their
estimatesfrom sixty thousand toninety thousand.
I think it would be best first to ascertain the facts.
Still I will, I say, waive that point; and if gen-
tlemen are so anxious for the admission of the-
people of that Territory, whatever may be their
numbers, as a State, I meet them, and offer the
substitute to this bill which I have submitted.
Mine is an alternative proposition. If Kansas
is to be admitted, let it be done in a fair, just,
and proper way, and not at the instance of an
irregular, illegal, and revolutionary convention
of only a portion, and a very small portion at
that, of the people of the Territory The plan I
submit is the same offered by my colleague [Mr.
Toombs] in the Senate. I suppose gentlemen
have read it. I cannot now read it. its main
features are to provide for the admission of Kan-
sas, under such constitution as her people may
form, at as early a day as is practicable.
It provides, first, for the taking of a census.
This is to be done by five commissioners, to be
appointed by the President, and ratified by the
Senate.
It provides, secondly, for an election to be held
in the Territory on the first Tuesday after the
first Monday in November next, (the day of the
Presidential election in the States,) for delegates i
to a convention to form a State constitution.
Representation in this convention is to be ac-
cording to the number of voters in the several
counties and districts, as shall appear from the
census, which is, amongst other things, to exhibit
the names of all the actual residents of the Terri-
tory at the date of the passage of the bill.
These commissioners are to appoint the officers
to conduct the election. Returns are to be made
to them, and they are to judge and determine all
questions relating to the election, and to give cer-
tificates of the same.
Three months' residence in the county is re-
quired to entitle any one to vote.
And to guard the purity and sanctity of the
ballot-box, so that the untrarameled voice of the I
people may be heard, let it be as it may, these
stringent provisions are inserted:
Sec. 10. jlndbe it further enacted, That every white male
citizen of the United States, (including Indians of like de-
scription qualified by existing laws to vote,) over twenty-
one years old, who may be a bona fide inhabitant of said
Territory at the pasage'of this act, and who shall have re-
sided three months next before said election in the county
in which he offers to vote, and no other persons whatever,
shall be entitled to vote at said election ; and all persons
qualified as voters may be elected delegates to said couven-
j tion, and no others.
j Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That, if any person,
| by menaces, threats, or force, or by any other unlawful
i means, shall directly or indirectly attempt to influence
J any qualified voter in giving his vote, or deny him from
I giving the same, or disturb or hinder him in the free exer-
' cise of his right of suffrage, at the election provided for by
i this act, the person so offending shall be adjudged guilty of
! a misdemeanor, and be punished by fine not exceeding five
| hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding one
year, or by both, at the discretion of the court.
I Sec. 12. Jlndbe it further enacted, That any person not
being a qualified voter, according to the provisions of this
act, who shall vote at the electioii herein provided for,
knowing that he is not entitled to vote, and any person who
; shall, at the same election, vote more than once, whether
1 at the same or at different places, shall be adjudged guilty
of a misdemeanor, and punished by fine not exceeding two
hundred and fifty dollars, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing six months, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any person
I whatsoever who may be charged with the holding of the
; election herein authorized to be held, who shall willfully
and knowingly commit any fraud or irregularity whatever,
with the intent to hinder or prevent, or defeat a fair ex-
pression of the popular will in said election, shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and punished by fine not exceeding one
thousand dollars, and imprisonment not exceeding two
years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
But, sir, my time will not allow me to go more
into details. The object of the bill, from the
beginning to the end, is to provide for as fair an
expression of the popular will of the Territory
as human ingenuity can devise. By the expres-
sion of that will, when thus made, 1 shall abide,
let it be which way it may. For your bill as it
stands, I can never vote. Against the substitute
I offer, who can raise any objection that is in favor
of disposing of this question upon principles of
fairness, of justice, of law, of order, and of the
, Constitution? I present the distinct issue between
i these two measures to the House and the country.
I am constrained, Mr. Speaker, to believe that
all this clamor we hear about" free Kansas,"
and "down-trodden Kansas," and "bleeding
Kansas," arises much more from a desire ana
hope of exciting by it sectional hate and the alien-
ation of one portion of the Union from the other,
than from any wish to have even "free Kansas"
admitted into the Union, or from any conviction
that a majority of the people there are in favor of
this Topeka constitution. The .object, I am con-
strained to believe, is not so much to get another
State added to the Union, as it is to use the ques-
tion to produce a severance of those States
now united. Why these violent denunciations
against one whole section of the Confederacy ?
Why is such unbridled vituperation indulged in
towards southern men and southern institutions.'
Why these shouts of joy in New York on the
announcement that "civil war" was raging in
Kansas? What other construction can dc put
upon_ the movement of a late sectional convention
held in Philadelphia to nominate partycandidates
for President and Vice President ? What is the
meaning of all these appeals to the passions and
j prejudices of the people of the northern States,
I exciting them to rise up against their southern
; brethren ? Is it not part and'parcel of that same
spirit which proclaimed that it were better that
' the Capitol should blaze by the torch of an incen-
j diary, and wild disorder ensue, than that the free
j people of Kansas and Nebraska should regulate
I their own domestic institutions in their own way?
That is all that the advocates of the Kansas bill
asked; that is all it was designed to effect; and
that is all I this day ask this House to join me
in carrying out in good faith to the letter and
spirit.
To show the House and the country some of
the grounds for my belief touching the ulterior
objects of some of those who are joining in this
" Kansas cry" at the North, I ask attention to
an editorial of the New York Courier and En-
quirer of the 26th instant.' In this, that editor
says:
" We are in the midst of a revolution, the origin of which
