1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Con"g....1st Sess.
tho said circuit court and the said circuit judge, !
and ( di'li of tin■ said district judges within his ;
SHp:ii;uc district, when sitting as circuit judge, !
shall and they are hereby, respectively vested
with all tli'- authority, powers, and jurisdiction, :
which are vested by existing laws in the several j
circuit courts of the United States, or the judges ;
thereof. And all laws or parts of laws, which j
now are, or may hereafter be, enacted, regulating I
the jurisdiction, process, and piactice of the circuit I
comts of the United States,shall be,and thesame !
are hereby, made applicable to the said circuit !
court for each of said districts of California. And !
the marshal of tho United States foreach district \
of California shall act as marshal of said circuit |
court for his district, and shall attend not only ;
the regular sessions of said courts, but such j
special or extra terms as may be held in either j
district, which the said circuit judge is hereby ;
authorized to order in conformity to the mode
directed by the second section of the act of which
this act is amendatory.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the clerk
of the said circuit court of the United States for
the districts of California shall keep the records
of said court in the city of San Francisco, and he
is hereby authorized to appoint a deputy or
deputies, whose official acts, signatures, attesta-
tions, and certificates, shall be entitled to as full
credit as those of thr- said clerk.
Sec. 4. Andbc it farther enacted, That all suits
or causes instituted m the district courts of Cali-
fornia prior to the first Monday of July, eighteen
hundred and fifiy-five, and which remain pending
in either of said courts, or m which final process
has not been executed, and which are propeily
Laws of the United States.
Public, XV.—An Act to surrender to the State of
Illinois the Cumberland lioad hi said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the Cumberland road
as lies within the State of Illinois, and all the
interest of the United States in the same, together
with all the stone, timber, and other materials
belonging to the United States, and procured for
the purpose of being used in the construction of
the same, and all the rights and privileges of every
kind belonging to the United States, as connected
with said State, be, and the same are hereby,
transferred and surrendered to said State of Illi-
nois.
Approved, May 9, 18oG.
! Public, XV I.—An Act to amend the Act in addition
to certain Acts granting Bounty Land to certain
1 Officers and Soldiers who have been engaged in the
Militanj Service of the United States, approved
j JSlarch third, eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
\ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repie-
sentalives of the United States of America in Cuagicss _
assembled, That in all cases where a certificate or j
warrant for bounty land for any less quantity ■
' than one hundred and six'y acres shall have been '
issued to any officer or soldier, or to the widow >
orminorchild or children of any officer orsoldier, :
under existing laws, the evidence upon winch such
certificate or warrant was issued shall be receive d '
■ to establish the service of such officer or soldier in ;
I the application of himself, or of his widow or !
minor child or children, for a certificate or war- ;
rant for so much land as may be lequired to make j
vitlnn the jurisdiction of circuit courts, and not up the full sum of one hundred and sixty acres, J
>f district courts of the United States, shall be on proof of the identity of such officer or soldier, ;
, or, in case of his death, of the marriage and iden-
tity of his widow, or, m case of her d'enth, of the i
' identii v of his minor child or children: Provided^
nevertheless, That if, upon a review of such evi-
1 dence, the Commissioner of Pensions shall not
| be satisfied that the former certificate or warrant
: was properly granted, he may require additional
: evidence as well of the term as of the fact ot ser-
, vice.
; Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in all
! cases where a pension has been granted to any
odiccr or soldier, the evidence upon winch such
! pension was granted shall be received, to establish
' the service of such officer or soldier in his appli-
cation for bounty land under existing laws; and
' upon pu>of of ins identity as such pensioner, a
certificate or warrant may be issued to him tor
I the quantity of land to which he shall be en-
, titled; and in case of the death of such pensioned
! officer or soldier, his widow shall be eniitled to
! a certificate or warrant for the same quantity
| of land to which her husband would have been
j entitled if living, upon proof that she is such
widow', and m casj of the death of such officer
or soldier, leaving a minor child or children and
no widow, or where the widow may have deceased
: before the issuing of any certificate or warrant,
! such minor child or children shall be entitled to
' a certificate or warrant for the same quantity of
land as the father would have been entitled to
! receive if living, upon proof of the deccase of
: father and motlier: Provided nevertheless, That if,
; upon a review of such evidence, the Commio-
i sioner of Pensions shall not be satisfied that the
; pension was properly granted, ho may require
additional evidence as well of the term as of tne
''fact of service.
II Sec.3. And be it further enacted, That so much
" of the third section of the "Act in addition to
: certain acts granting bounty lands to certa'n offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged m the
1 military service of the United States, approved
! ilarch'third, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, as
! requires the party claiming a cei tificate or war-
■ rant, under the provisions of said act, to estab-
lish his or her light thereto, by record evidence
of the service for which such certificate or war-
rant has been or may be claimed, be. and the
same is hereby, repealed; and parol evidence,
■ where no record evidence exists, may be admit-
ted to prove the service performed, under such
the Commissioner ol
of
rem >ved for the district in which the cause is
pending by a transfer and delivery to the clerk of
the said circuit court of the original papers with ,
an « xei'iplincation of the record or docket entries j
under the seal of the district court, for which ex- ■
emphfication the clerk of the said district court
shall receive the same fees as are allowed for sim-
ilar services in making transcripts for appeals or ■
writs of error, to be paid by the party applying 1
for the same, and taxed as costs on final judg- j
rnent; and all causes now pending in said circuit ,
court of the United States, against parties resid-
ing in the southern district of California, shall, j
on application of the parties defendant, made ,
within three months from the date when thi< ucr ,
shall take effect, lie removed in like manner to the
said circuit court held in the southern district
of California, and all such causes shall take xank
on the dock'.t according to the dale of ru'noval;
and all suits removed tmder the provisions of this
section shall be proceeded m, and conducted in ,
tiie same manner as if originally instituted m the ;
court to which they may be lemovtd. :
Sec. j. Addbt it further enacted, That all laws,
or parts of Lavs, contrary to or inconsistent with
this act, shall be and remain repealed, from the
date wh<'ii this act shall take eflect.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall tike effect in ninety days after the passing
thereof, and not before that period.
Appro^eDj April 30, IfcljG.
Public , XIV.—An Act creating Columbus, in Ken-
tucky, a Port of Delivery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the, United States of America in Congress
aisanbltd^That Columbus in the State of Ken-
tucky be, and is hereby, constituted a poit of
delivery, within the collection district ot New
Orleans, and there shall be a surveyor of customs
appointed for the .--aid port, who shall perform the
dutii s and leceive the sahuy and emoluments pre-
scribed by the act of Congress, approve!! on the
second day of ALireh,ei?hteonhundred and thirty-
one, entitied " All act allowing the duties on toi-
ei-ii merchandise nnporU d into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, Ciivumati, Louisville, St Louis, Naslnwlle,
and rvuehez, to b<- s.-cured and paid at those
places:" Provided, That it shall be the duty o!
the Secretary of the Tieasury to abolish said port
of dwheiy whenever in his judgment the public
interest shall no Ion
ut that place.
Appro \ r.n, May 9, lSofi.
! eighth section of the act above mentioned, ap-
| proved the third day of March, in the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, shall be construed
' as embracing officers, marines, seamen, and other
persons engaged in the naval service of the United
States during the revolutionary war, and the
widows and minor children of all such officers,
marines, seamen, and other persons, engaged as
aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the said act shall extend to all persons
who have served as volunteers with the armed
forces of the United States, subject to military
orders for the space of fourteen days, in any of
the wars specified in the first section of the said
act, whether such persons were or were not mus-
tered into the service of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
widows and minor children of all such persons as
are specified in the last preceding section of this
act, and are now dead, shall be entitled to the same
privileges as the widows and minor children of
the beneficiaries named in the act to which this is
an amendment.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That when
any company, battalion, or regiment, in any or-
ganized form, marched more than twenty miles
to the place where they were mustered into the
service of the United States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles fiom the place where such
company, battalion, or regiment, was organized,
in all such cases, m computing the length of ser-
vice of the officers and soldiers of any such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment, there shall be al-
lowed one day for every twenty miles from the
place where the company, battalion, or regiment,
was organized to the place where the same was
mustered into the service of the United States, and
also one day for every twenty miles from the
place where such companjr, battalion, or regiment,
was discharged, to the place where it was organ-
ized, and from whence it marched to enter the
service : Provided, That such march was in obe-
dience to the command or direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, or some general officer
of the United Stales commanding an army or de-
pal tmuit of the chief executive officer of the State
or Territory by which such company, battalion,
or regiment, was called into service.
Approved, May 14, 185G.
*errequire Xport of delivery '' roles, and regulations as
u 1 ' Pensions may prescribe.
See. 4, .in(/ be it further enacted, That th'
Public, XVII.—.In. Act making a Grant of Lands
to the State of Ioicu, in alternate sections, to aid in
i I the construction of certain Railroads in said State.
!i Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
I j scntalives of the United Slates of America in C ongress
|j assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted to
h the State of Iowa, for the purpose of aiding ill
!! the construction of railroads from Burlington, oil
ji the Mississippi river, 10 a point on the Missouri
\ river near the mouth of the Platte river; from the
;j city of Davenport, via Iowa City and Fort Des
|| Moines, to Council Blutls; from Lyons City
I northwesterly to a point of intersection with the
K mainline of the Iowa Central Air-Line railroad,
\, near Maquoketa; thence on said main line, run-
I' nin°- as near as practicable to the forty-second
! | parallel acioss tlie said State to the Missouri river,
from the city of Dubuque to a point oil the Mjs-
I souri river near Sioux C:ty, with a branch from
II the mouth of the Tete Des Morts to the nearest
! i point on said road ,to be completed as soon as the
' main road is completed to that point,every alter-
I! nate section of land, designated by odd numbers,^
I; for six sections 111 width on each side of each ol
paid roads. But in case it snail appear that the
i United States have, when the lines or routes of
M said roads are definitely fixed, sold any sections,
I or parts, thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the
' liiiht of preemption has attached to the same,
tlsen it shall be lawful for any agent, or agents, to
■ be appointed by the Governor of said State, to
! select, suhieet to the approval of the Secretary of
' the Interior, from the lands of the United States
i nearest to the tiers of sections above specified, so
much land, in alternate sections or parts of sec-
tions, as shall be equal to such lands as the United
States have sold or otherwise appropriated, or to
which the rights of preemption have attached as
ii aforesaid; which lands (thus selected in heu ot
II those £,uid, and to which preemption rights have
