APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May,
34th Cong....1st Sjhss.
Laws of the United States.
attached as aforesaid, together with the sections
and parts of sections, designated by odd num-
bers as aforosaid, and appropriated as aforesaid)
shall be held by the State of Iowa for the use and
.^purpose aforesaid: Provided, That the land to be
so located shall, in no case, be further than fifteen
miles from the lines of said roads: Providedfur~
iker, That the lands hereby granted for and on
, account of said roads severally shall be exclu-
sively applied to the construction of that road for
and on account of which such lands are hereby
granted, and shall be disposed of only as the work
progresses, and the same shall be applied to no
other purpose whatsoever: And provided farther,
That any and all lands heretofore reserved to the
United States by any act of Congress, or in any
other manner by competent authority, for the
purpose of aiding in any object of internal im-
provement, or for any other purpose whatsoever,
be, and the same are hereby, reserved to the United
States from the operation of this act, except so far
as it may be found necessary to locate the routes
of said railroads through such reserved lands, in
which case the right of way only shall be granted,
subject to the approval of the President of the
United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by such
grant, shall remain to the United States within
six, miles on each side of said roads, shall not be
sold for less than double the minimum price of
the public lands when sold; nor shall any of said
lands become subject to private entry until the
same have been first offered at public sale at the
increased price.
Src. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof,
for the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the
said railroads shall bo and remain public high-
ways for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free from toll or other charge upon the
transportation of any property or troops of the
United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
by said State only in maimer following: that ia
to say, that a quantity of land not exceeding one
hundred and twenty sections lor ench of said
roads, and included within a continuous length
of twenty miles of each of said roads, may he
sold; and when the Governor of said Stale shall
certify to the Secretary of the Inteiior that any
twenty continuous miles of any of said loads is
completed, then another quantity of land hereby
granted, not to exceed one hundred and twenty
auctions foi each of .saul roads ha\ mi; twenty
continuous miles completed as aforesaid, and in-
cluded within a continuous length of twenty miles
of each of such roads, may Ixj sold, and so from
time to time until said roads are completed; and
if any of said roads are not completed within ten
years, no further sale shall be made, and the lands
unsold shall revert to the United States. |
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
United States mad shall he transported over said |
roads, under the direction of the Post Oilic.e !)e- j
partment, at such puce as Congress may by law i
direct: Provided, That until such price is fixed
by law the Postmaster General shall have the h
power to determine the same \\
Approved, May 15, 3800. fj
Public, XVIII.—An Act to supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the service of the fiscal year !|
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and .j
ftJly-sU. ' 11
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of lie pre- \
sentatives of the United States of Amei tea in Congress ■
assembled, That the following sums be, and the i1
same are hereby, appropriated to supply defi-ji
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, one ;j
thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, out of any |l
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-H
a ted; namely: <\
For the compensation of the officers, clerks,'I
messengers,and others receivingan annual salary j
in the service of the Senate: I
For the chief clerk and clerk to the Committee [
on Finance, two thousand four hundred and thir- I
teen dollars and fifty-four cents. !
For contingent expenses of the Senate:
For binding, eleven thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving, twenty-live
thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives:
For the completion of the binding'of documents
ordered to be printed for the use of the House,
eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and fifteen
dollars and fifty-six cents.
For the completion of the engraving ordered at
the second session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the engraving of maps, charts, and other
plates, accompanying documents ordered to be
printed at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, nineteen thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For stationery for members, four thousand
dollars.
For the pay of clerks upon the land maps for
the use of the Committee on Public Lands, six
thousand seven hundred and seventy dollars and
eighty cents.
For the pay of nine clerks to committees of the
House under resolutions of the present session,
five thousand five hundred dollars.
- For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
To enable the Clerk to purchase the Statutes
at fjurgi4 for the use of members of the House
of Representatives, per resolution of February
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
five thousand two hundred and eighty-five dol-
lars.
To pay John C. Rives a balance due for report-
ing and publishing in tlie Daily Globe the pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives for the
second session of the Thirty-Third Congress, one
thousand one hundred and seventy-seven dollars
and fifty cents.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives to pay John C. Rives for reporting and
publishing m the Daily Globe the proceedings of
the House of Representatives for the first session
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, prior to the first
of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, seventeen
thousand three hundred and eighty dollars.
To enable, the Cleik of the House of Represent-
atnes to pay for one hundred copies of the con-
tinuation of the Annuls of Congress for the library
of the I fouse of Representatives during the pres-
ent fiscal year, one thousand live hundred dol-
lars.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay for the continuation of the Annals
of Con^n s.s for the members of the Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress, three thousand dollars.
Public Printing —To supply deficiencies in the
appropuation fot printing and paper ordered at
the first session of the Thnty-Tlurd Congress,
fifty-seven thousand one hundred and seventy-
three dollars.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for
printing of the, second session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, which deficiencies wre trans-
ferred to the account of the first session of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, m virtue of the joint
resolution approved February twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and
forty four thousand one hundred and eighty-
ejcht dollars and mnefy-five cents.
To piovide for the engraving of the maps and
drawings accompanying the reports of explora-
tions and surveys to determine a Pacific railroad
route, forty-nine thousand two hundred dollars,
oi so much thereof as may be necessary; and the
said maps and drawings shall be engraved to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of War.
For the compensation of ten clerks of class one,
employed temporarily in the office of the Third
Auditor, on account of military bounty lands,
three thousand four hundred and sixty-six dol-
lars and seventy-six cents.
Contingent expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment.—For blank books, binding, and stationery,
fuel for the General Post Office building, including
the Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, print-
ing, labor, day watchman, and for miscellaneous
items, three thousand dollars.
Assay Office ,NewYork .—For wages of work-
men, seven thousand dollars.
For salary of the surveyor general of Utah,
eight hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-
three cents.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court and eight associate judges, one thousand
four hundred and forty-four dollars and eighty-
one cents.
For salary of the circuit judge of California,
fourteen hundred and eighty-seven dollars and
fifty cents.
For compensation of thedistrictattorneys, four
thousand six hundred and ninety-six dollars and
eighty-six cents.
For compensation of the marshals, five thou-
sand one hundred and fifty dollars and ninety-
nine cents.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the
United States at Boston and St. Louis, three thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-three dollars and
thirty-three cents.
To supply a deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the revenue of the
Post Office Depaitment, one million one hundred
and eighty-eight thousand one hundred and eighty-
one dollars.
For arrearages, purchase of vessel and outfit,
and for field service, provided in the first article
of the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
arms of the United States, presses, Hags, and for
the payment of postages for the consuls of the
United States, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in Turkey, viz:
interpreters, guards, and other expenses of the
consulates at Constantinople, Smyrna, Candia,
and Alexandria, two thousand dollars.
For interpreters, guards, and other expenses
of the consulate at Beirout, five hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred by consuls of the United
States in procuring information required by the
circulars of eighth October, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, and fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, on queries propounded by
the State and Treasury Departments, and foi in-
formation called for by the resolutions of the
House of Representatives of the fourteenth De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, and
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation for clerical services per-
formed in the office of the United States Legation
at London, from December, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, to August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, inclusive, one thousand dollars.
To compensate the clerk of the United States
district court for the State of Connecticut for mak-
ing certified copies of all copy-rights rt corded in
his office between January, eighteenhundiwl and
forty-six, and February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, ninety dollars and twenty-five cents.
Contingent expenses of the Department of
State.—For miscellaneous items, five hundred
dollars.
For fitting up and furnishing the* court rooms
and conference room, and offices for the solicitor
and clerk of Court of Claims, three thousand
dollars.
For filling up and grading the grounds belong-
in? to the custom-house building, Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, one thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, and for fuel and
quarters, the payment of which is no longer made
by the quartermaster's department, two thousand
one hundred and twenty-seven dollars and twelve
cents.
For contingencies of the Army, five thousand
dollars.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel, forage in kind for
the horses, mules, and oxen of the quarter-
master's department, at the several military posts
and stations, and with the armies in the field; for
the horses of the first and second regiments of
dragoons, the companies of light artillery, the
regiment of mounted riflemen, and such compa-
nies of infantry as maybe mounted, and also for
the authorized number of officers.' horses when
