788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
this case; and, on the yeas and nays, if the Sen-
ator from Virginia desires them, make this appro-
priation, which is so absolutely necessary for one
branch of the public service—ones which is per-
haps as important in its place as any that are
provided for by the bill before us. The Senator
from Virginia will undoubtedly admit, that if this
appropriation be deferred, to be included in the
general appropriation bill, the money cannot
probably be obtained until the close of thesession,
which may last until August, or still later. Time,
under the circumstances of this case, is very ma-
terial.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course for the facts of this
case I must necessarily rely on the executive
officer. His letter has been read to the Senate.
In that letter he states that the workmen will
have to be discharged unless an appropriation be
now made, and the reason is very evident. No
appropriation was made for this building last
year, and the work has advanced m<fre rapidly
than was anticipated. The workmen must of
course he discharged, if there be no funds with
which to pay them. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior states further that there are reservations now
due to the contractors, which ought to be paid.
Under these circumstances, it seems to mo to
be the plainest case imaginable, that we shall
save money by making the appropriation now.
Any man in his senses can understand the reason
at once. If, when you arc carrying on a public
work, which is nearly completed, you discharge
the workmen because you have not money with
which to pay them, and if you allow two or three
months of the longest days and the best working
season to pass by, you not only postpone secur-
ing the accommodations which you mean to give
to'your officers and employes in the building,
but you will also have increased expense thrown
on you when you come to organize a corps of
workmen again to cairy on the work. That is <
the whole case. |
The honorable Senator from Virginia says that
ho is willing to pay what is now due. 1 cannot
make the distinction which lie appears to draw.
This sum is for the completion of the whole work.
No detailed statement is given by the Secretary
as to what portion of the appropriation will go
for the payment of reservations, or what portion
for continuing the work. I did not think it neces-
sary to make the inquiry; it is suilieieDt for me
to know that the appropriation is necessary to
continue a work which, if not continued by an
appropriation now made, will bo more costly to
the United States. Delay now will postpone the
completion of the west wing of this building, and
preventits occupation for another year. I thought
it clearly a case which should be provided for in
the deficiency bill. If the Senate prefer reducing
the amount to «J100,000 instead of $150,000,1 shall
not object to it; but ^150,000 is intended expressly
for the completion of the whole, as it is now very
near completion; and I think it wiser to make
the entire appropriation at once with a view to
the completion of the building as speedily as
possible.
Mr. IIUNTER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken resulted
—yeas;24, nays J7; as follows:
YEAH—Mcssm. Ilayard, Belt of New llamp^liiie. Bell of
Tennessee, Ik-ttjamm, Clayton, CoIIaiaer, Cmtemlen, J)Ltr-
kec, Fovonden, Full, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Houston,
Jones of Iowa, Mailoiy, Trait, Reward, Stuail, Sumner,
Thomson of New Jei^ey, TitunbulL and "Welter—~>1.
NAYS—Adams, iJigler, Blight, Butler,
Fitxpatiick, II.imLiri, Uuntei, Ivci.son, I'ugli, Ueid,
Sebastian, Shdeli, Toucey, and Wade—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I have an amendment which
I am instructed by the Committee on Finance to
offer, ft is to follow the amendments attached to
the first section:
For continent expenses of the Territory of New Mexico,
and to enable the Governor to employ an interpieter or
tranMatoi, .^500.
This item is recommended by the Treasury
Department > and the leeommendation can be read
if it is desired, The amendment is necessary for
the reason that the Governor does not under-
stand the languages there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. In order to carry out the
amendment which was adopted by the Senate
on my motion the other day, in respect to the
increase of the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico, I find that it is necessary to strike out
all that was inserted in the original bill on that
subject, and to add to the end of the bill a new
section. I move, therefore, to strike out this
clause:
" For increase of the salary of the Governor of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, under the act of July 27,1854, $-929 35:
Provided, Thatfiom and after the 30th of June, 1855, the
Governor of tlie Territory of New Mexico shall reccive an
annual salaiy of $2,000 as Governor, and §1,000 as super-
intendent of Indian affairs; all other acts and parts of acts
allowing salary to said officers being hereby repealed
and in lieu of it to insert the following as an
addition to the bill:
Sec. —. Jhid be it farther enacted, That the provision
in the act of July 27,1854, entitled "An act to increase
the salaries of executive and judiciary officers in Oregon,
New Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minnesota,'' which
declares that " the salary of the Governor of New Mexico
be, and the same is heieby, increased to the sum of $3,000,"
shall be construed by the accounting officer? of the Treas-
ury to he the lull salary of that officer as Governor and as
[superintendent of Indian affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now offer an amendment,
to come in at the end of the second section, in
these words:
And the *aid joint resolution shall not be considered to
apply to the public printer for either blanch of Congress.
The second section provides for putting the
assistant librarian in the library of Congress on
the same footing, in regard to the twenty per
cent, advance, as other officers of Congress; and
I wish to introduce an amendment at this time
which will cut off hereafter any claim to that
twenty per cent, by the printers to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in asanadditional/fcection, which I
am authorized by the Commmce on Military
Affairs to present:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That for the construc-
tion of barracks and qumters at a military post to be estab-
li>hed in the northern pait of Minnesota Territuty, foi the
piotection of the settlements on the Red river of the North,
$50,000 be appropi lilted m addition to the f-uin of $5,0JO,
appropriated by the act entitled, " An act for the erection
of a military post on or near the Pembina river, m the Ter-
ntoiy ot Minnesota, and tor other purposes," approved the
17th of Felnuaiy, 1855 ; said post to be located and con-
structed under the direction of the Secretary of War; the
location to be at such point as he shall .deem b(M adapted
lor the protection of said settlement; and so much of the
aforesaid net, approved Fobruaiy 17, 1835, as indicates the
location oi said po^tis hereby lepealed.
I ask for the reading of the letters of the Secre-
tary of War, and of the Quartermaster General,
on this subject. They will give the Senate the
necessary information on this point.
The Secretary read the letters as follows:
Quartermaster Gtneral's Office,
Washington, March 8, 1858.
Sir: In reply to your inquiiy as to the amount required
for quarters, hospital, storehouse, and stables for a force of
lbui companies of mfantiy, which, I undeistaiul, it is pro-
posed to station at Pembinn, on the northern-frontier of Min-
nesota, I have the. honor to state that the expense for the
objects enumerated above will depend upon theiesomccs
of the country pioposed to be occupied. Should timber
suitable ioi buildings be found on or near the site which
may be selected, the expense will not piolubly exceed
.£50,000, it (he wuik he done eiilncl) or puncipallv In the
tioops; but, if it should he necessary to hire mechanics to
construct the buildings, double that sum may be neces-
sary.
J would recommend that the troops be tcquued to labor
themselves, and that no mechanics or laboieis be lined,
except one or two master caipenters, stone-masons and
ImcKiavers, and such numbei of teamsters as may be neces-
sary lor tiie tew wasons allowed for the use of the po-t.
In addition to the £5,900 already appiopuated, I recommend
that $50,000 be asked for. That sum may not be sufficient,
but it will be as much as can be used dming the approach-
ing season.
I remain, sir, veiy lespectfullv, vour obedient servant,
T1IOMAS S. JESCT,
Quartermaster General,
Hon: Jefferson Davis,
Secretary of JVar, Washington, D. C.
W\r Dft vrtmext,
Washington. March 24, 1856.
Sir: In reply to your note of tins date, lequcsting in-
formation a=< to the probable eo-*t and ilio ncccs^ity of a
military post proposed to be established m the noi thein part
of Minnesota Ten ltoiy, for the piotection oi the settlements
on the Red river of the noith, I have the honoi to state that
I deem the establishment of such a post desirable, and
refer lo the inclosed lepoit of the quaitermaster general for
an estimate of its eost.
Very re&pectlully youi obedient seivant,
JEFFERSON DAVTS,
Secietary oj War.
Hon. Joiin B. Weller, Chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, United States Senate.
Mr. WELLER. There was an appropriation
of $5,000 made last year for the purpose of estab-
lishing a military post on the northern frontier
of Minnesota. It is proposed, I believe, to place
this military post immediately on the line between
Minnesota and the British possessions. There
are an immense number of Indians m that coun-
try, and I suppose they will remain there for
some years to come. In my judgment it will be
necessary to keep a permanent military post at
that point. About forty-five miles immediately
north of it, in the British possessions, there is a
tolerably strong military post, called Fort Garry,
and I think it will be important for us to have
on our side of the line, certainly for many years
to come, a military post at that point. 1 under-
stand that no part of the appropriation of §5,000
made last year has been expended. It was found
so wholly inadequate to establish the post, that
no portion of it has been expended. The Secre-
tary of War, in his last annual report, called the
attention of Congress to this subject; and in that
report he declared that he wished to send a por-
tion of the tenth infantry to this frontier. This
appropriation is intended to establish that military
post.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask m^ friend from
California if he is not of the opinion that we
might postpone this appropriation until the gen-
eral Army appropriation bill? We already have
in this bill a large provision to supply deficiencies
in the quartermaster's department in the very
items of quarters and barracks. Will they not be
able to use enough of that appropriation for this
purpose, so as to wait until we can make this ap-
propriation in the regular bill? I believe that a
post is required at Pembina; I believe that will be
found to be necessary; but I think the appropri-
ation can be postponed until the general Dill.
Mr. WELLER. The Secretary of Warin his
annual report, speaking of the tenth infantry,
uses this language:
"A portion of this lesimsnt, when the season admits,
will be employed to establish a post on the Itcd river of th<i
north, near the noitlicrn boundary of Minnesota, agreeably
to an act passed at the last session of Congress appropiiating
$5,000, a sum altogethei inadequate for that object."1
My opinion is, that it is necessary that the
appropriation should be made now, in order to
establish this military post at once; and, under the
rule laid down yesterday by my friend from Vir-
ginia, this is properly a subject to be introduced
into the deficiency bill. His statement of tho
rule was, that, whenever we have passed a law
making an appropriation either for the Army or
the Navy which is wholly inadequate to effect the
object in view, it is proper to insert in this bill a
provision to increase that appropriation to a suf-
ficient amount. This I apprehend is exactly that
case; it comes precisely within the terms of the
rule as laid down by tlio Senator from Virginia.
We have made an appropriation for the work; tho
military post must be established; its necessity
is easily discovered by all; and we cannot effect
the object with the §5,000 which has been appro-
priated. In my jifdgment, a sum much larger
than that is necessary to be expended before the
time when we may anticipate the passage of tho
general Army appropriation bill, it is for that
reason that I have presented this appropriation as
an amendment to this bill.
Every one who has paid any attention to things
which are passing around us must have seen that
the policy of Great Britain has recently been to
throw a large number of troops into the Canadas;
and I saw o private tatter this morning, from
which I learned that the most active operations
arc now going on secretly through all British
America. I learn that companies are being organ-
ized there, and that they have been required to
obtain their arms and ammunition, and that the
most active operations are going on upon that
side of the line. Whether ihey anticipate that
we are going to attack them, or -whether they arc
preparing to attack us, I shall not undertake to
say; but at all events I think it is important that
we should put ourselves in such a position that
we shall bo able to maintain fully the lionor of
the country, come what may; and ! believe the
best peace measure in the world is to put the
country at once in a proper state of defense.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that we shall not get
up a war debate on this little item. I think it far
better that we should let it pass, than have such
a discussion on this bill.
