1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Territory of Kansas. They claim, therefore, as
citizens of the United States, and as a corporate
body, the right to pursue their business free from
molestation; but they complain that they have
been vexatiously and illegally interfered with;
that a large and valuable building, known as the
Eldridge House, or Free-State Hotel, in the town of
Lawrence, has been illegally destroyed by cannon
and fire; and to the best of their knowledge and
belief, they represent that this destruction has
been caused by or with the consent of, or through
the culpable negligence of, officers of the General
Government. Other property has been destroyed
and still further injury is anticipated; and hence
they pray that steps may be taken to cause this
illegal destruction to ceas.e; that the offenders may
be brought to justice, and that compensation may
be made for the losses and injuries sustained.
The memorial is signed by John M. S. "Williams,
S. Cabot, Jr., L. B. Russell, C. J. Higginson,
and W. B. Spooner.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I came into the Chamber
while the memorial was being read, and am not
fully aware of the character of it;' nor can I say
whether the Committee on Claims is the appro-
priate committee to which it should be referred.
However, those who have heard it can judge of
that point, and I interpose no objection to the
proposed reference.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the reading of
the memorial distinctly; but I am not aware that
it makes any pecuniary claim on the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. It does.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
m Claims.
CLAIMS ON THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT.
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. I hold in my hand the peti-
tion of Samuel A. Belden, for himself and partner,
presenting to the Senate a claim which hasalready,
1 believe, twice been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and on which they have twice
made a report, charging the Mexican Government
with a direct breach of its treaty obligations with
this country, and expressing the opinion that it
was the duty of the Executive atonce to interfere
in behalf of the petitioner. I do not design to
call the attention of the Senate to everything con-
tained in this memorial; but I desire to read a
passage from it, that the Senate and the country
may be made aware of the position of our rela-
tions with Mexico, so far as private claims are
concerned. The memorialist says:
" Under the invitation of tbe Secretary of the Treasury,
your memorialist, wirtl othcis, imported goods into the ter-
ritory held by the 1/nited States, and paid duties on them.
The goods so imported were placed under protection of ttie
treaty, and the right to depone of them given to ttie im-
porters. Your memorialist became the owner of some of
the goods so imported iiy others, and most of these, as weii
as of the goods imported by himself, have, in violation of
the treaty, been wrongfully seized and confiMMted; and lie
lias suffered the additional loss of tiie proceeds of those
whieh lie has sold, having been, by an unjust and illegal
order of arrest and imprisonment, compelled to leave the
country, and abandon the debts there due to him. For
more than six years he has been vainly appealing to his
Government for redress of this outrage. He has been com-
pelled to intrust his business to others, and to make re-
peated journeys, at heavy expense, to the spat of Govern-
ment to procure justice; his life is passing away in his
protracted and vamerforts to move his own Government to
obtain that justice for him ; and lie cannot learn that either
his exertions, or the resolutions of the Senate, have as yet
procured even a faint request from our Government to the
Government of Mexico to consider Ins case; and he believes
that thesupineness of our Government w lending to a repe-
tition of similar wrongs and outrages on Ameiican em/.ens
on the Mexican border, until the protection of the American
Government is becoming a byword and a jest."
I believe this to be true, sir. I move the refer-
ence of the memorial to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. MASON. The remarks of tbe honorable
Senator from Louisiana, in presenting the memo-
rial, «eem to require o$ me to say that, so far as
I am informed, the tumultuous and revolutionary
condition of the Mexican people since the ex-
pression of the opinion of the Senate in reference
to this, and probably other claims, has been such
*s to have made it almost impracticable to com-
plete, or probably to institutes negotiation with
them on any subject—certainly on any subject of
reclamation. I agree with the honorable Senator,
that the losses which have been sustained by
many citizens of the United States, in their inter-
course with Mexico, are of a character that cry
aloud to their own Government to see that, in
some way, justice is done to them. There was
an opportunity by which, within a very recent
period, a large portion of these losses might have
been paid; but it was the pleasure of one of the
legislative branches of the Government not to avail
itself of that opportunity, for reasons, doubtless,
satisfactory to that branch. Since then, I am
strongly disposed to believe it has been utterly im-
possible for the Government of the United States
to find a Government in Mexico of sufficient
texture to bear any pressure of that descrip-
tion. What is to be done eventually I do not
know.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to make
any reply to what has fallen from the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
further than this: that I am satisfied there has
been neglect here in Washington of the claims of
American citizens on Mexico. I am satisfied that
sufficient attention has not been paid by the
branch of the executive Government charged
with that class of public business, and that some
stimulus is required on the subject.
Mr. WELLER. I have a word to say. If
the remarks of the Senator from Louisiana will
produce that effect, I shall think it very fortunate
that this memorial was introduced this morning,
for I undertake to say there have been more out-
rages on constituents of mine committed on the
Pacific coast, by the Mexican Government, than
those committed on the people of Louisiana or any
other section of the Union.
Sir, there is scarcely a mail from that distant
coast in which I do not receive messages from
friends thereof losses which have been sustained
because of the outrageous conduct of the Mexi-
can authorities. Cahfornians have been confined
for months in the loathsome prisons of Mexico,
and then discharged without being permitted
to know the cause of their imprisonment. I
am informed that the files of the State Depart-
ment are literally groaning with the applications
made by American citizens for redress of griev-
ances inflicted on them by the Mexican authori-
ties. The revolutionary condition of that Gov-
ernment may have been the cause of delay here-
tofore, but we have reached a point where for-
bearance ceases to be a virtue. If Mexico is so
torn by factions and intestine wars that she can-
not observe the laws of nations, and respect the
rights of neighbors, it is time we were admin-
istering. If proper protection cannot be given
to our people on the Pacific coast when they may
visit any portion of Mexico, it might as well be
disbanded at once. If we had suffered England
or France to perpetrate with impunity as many
outrages upon the persons and property of our
people as have been committed by Mexico, we
would have stood disgraced before the world.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to understand
from the honorable Senators from Louisiana and
California, who are a groat deal nearer Mexico
than I am, whether they understand or not that
the present Government of Mexico is merely a
provisional one, and that proceedings are going
forward in Mexico with a good prospect of suc-
cess for the establishment of a permanent and
more substantial Government, and that those pro-
ceedings involve a radical change in the relative in-
ternal forces of the Government, now so hostile to
any permanent peace and consolidation of power?
If that be so, I should be rather of the opinion,
which is indicated by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that it would be as well to wait a little
longer. I confess a very great interest upon the
true state of the question and the prospects of a
more firm Government in Mexico. Perhaps
those Senators who have more information than
I have can give me an opinion about it.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I believe I
have never presented to the notice of the Senate
anything in the nature of a personal explanation,
and I am certainly averse to doing anything of
the kind; but, during the debate which occurred
yesterday, the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] in his speech,made a remark affecting
one of the delegation from my State, to whieh I
wish to call his attention. My relations with that
Senator have certainly ever been those of entire
courtesy and uninterrupted harmony, so far as I
know. lam aware that what is termed the Brooks
difficulty seems to be swallowing up everything
else; but I was not prepared to expect that a gen-
tleman of the maturity and uniform discretion of
the Senator from New York would attempt to
bring into the discussion of that question any
outside matter by which the feelings of any one
might be afflicted or touched.
I have only this moment laid my eye on tha
report of the Senator's speech, in which there is
a passage in reference to my colleague in the
other House, [Mr. Rust.] I have had no conver-
sation with my colleague on the subj ect; but I know
that he must feel that, in regard to a matter which
certainly was not a violation of the privileges or
rights of the Senate or House, but a mere personal
difficulty of his own, imputations hard, and such
as we are not in the habit of bearing, have been
cast upon him. I am certainly not aware that
that personal difficulty was a violation of priv-
ilege, or that his personal difficulties should be
made properly subjects of remark on the floor of
the Senate.
He is a member of the House of Representa-
tives of this country. He is my colleague in that
branch of Congress. He is a gentleman, and is
certainly one of the most uniformly magnanimous,
generous, and highly honorable and true men
.that lives upon the whole wide earth. I have
known him from myearliest manhood, and during
his earliest youth, and thi3 is my experience
with reference to him during the whole time.
I call the attention of the Senator to his remarks
made yesterday; and I do so bccause I have no
idea that he ever desired to do anything which
would wound the feelings of, or cast a reproach
orcensureon,myfriend,orany oneelse, without
provocation on his part. I will read the words
which were used, and then state the conclusions
which come cleaiiy to my mind. The language
of the Senator, as reported and published this
morning, is as follows:
"Sii, at this same session of the Congress of the United
States, an ef.'tor of a newspaper had been assailed and
beaten down, without sufficient preliminary notice to pre-
pare for detense, in one of the avenues leading to the Capi-
tol."
That is the first sentence to which I allude.
The imputation there is, that sufficient notice was
not given to the editor. The fact is, that no weap-
ons, no instruments of violence, were used in the
original encounter, or at the commencement of
their difficulty; and it was then entirely within
the power of the editor to explain the language
which he had used, if he desired to do so.
It is not pretended that he (Mr. Greeley) acted
with want of courage on the occasion; but, on the
contrary, he seemed inclined for a fight. It was,
however, a mere fisticuff at the start, and was
arrested the instant after it commenced. Still, it
is said that sufficient notice was not given. Sir,
I do not know what may be considered sufficient
notice by those who love that species of peaceful
conflict which is to be had in courts alone, and
will not resort to cold steel, or anything like it.
If an assault was made with deadly weapons,
or anything of that nature, "without sufficient
notice," it might possibly become a dastardly
assault; but, it seems to me, the Senator will
not make any imputation of that sort, becaus 
there is no ground for it.
If that be, however, the meaning of the Sena-
tor, of course he will say so; but I trust he could
not have meant to cast the reflection on my col-
league that he desired to take a dishonorable ad-
vantage of the individual alluded to for the pur-
pose of injuring him bodily. I believe he did not
injure him anyhow. My colleague and the gen-
tleman with whom he had the difficulty again
encountered each other on the Avenue far below
theCapitol; and their meeting there was purely
accidental. My colleague never had a design to
go there for the purpose of attacking him. "His
offense," says the Senator, " was what were as-
sumed to be disrespectful words written concern-
ing a member of the House of Representatives,
in regard to his public conduct; and that act of
violence passed with impunity."
"Assumed to be disrespectful words!" Did ths
Senator know what those words were ? If th«
Senator would make his proposition palpable to
my mind, I might have passed this sentence by
