726
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. op Reps.
la sectional, and its avowed object to gratify the grasping am-
bition of the slave power; and a civil war waged in behalf
of freedom and in resistance ot slavery extension is a fitting
accompaniment of an attempt on the part of the South and
their co-laborers of the North, to trample on the principles
and guarantees of the Constitution, by the extension of
slavery into free territory through the direct legislation of
the General Government."
Here it is announced that we are in the " midst
of a revolution, the origin of which is sectional."
But most strange to say, the cause of it is charged
upon the South; and stranger still, that cause is
asserted to be an attempt on the part of the South
to " trample on the principles and guarantees
of the Constitution, by the extension qf slavery
into free territory through the direct legislation of the
General Government." Was ever accusation more
groundless and utterly unfounded, than this
against the South ? The South never asked Con-
gress, by legislation, to extend slavery; nor has it
ever been done by any such legislation. AH that
the South ever asked, or now asks,is, to leave the
question to be settled by those who are to be
affected by it.
General James Watson Webb, the editor of
this paper, (the Courier and Enquirer,) was a
delegate to the late Philadelphia convention, the
object of which was to embody this sectional
movement of the North against the South. In
that convention he made a speech. From that
speech, as reported in the New York Times, we
are not left to inference as to what is the design
and intention of the leading spirits controlling it.
In speaking of the people the convention repre-
sented, he says:
" They ask us t  give them a nomination which, when
put fairly before the people, will unite public sentiment,
and, through the ballot-box, will restrain and repel tbis
pro-slavery extension, and this aggression of the slave-
ocracy. What else are they doing ? They tell you that they
are willing to abide by the ballot-box, and willing to make
that the last appeal. If wefail there, what then f We will
drive it back, sword in hand, and to help me Bod! believing
that to bt right, I am with them. [Loud cheers, and cries
of'Good!'!"
This was in no common town or city meeting.
But it was in that great northern sectional con-
vention lately assembled at Philadelphia, that
these sentiments received such burstsof applause.
There is, I say, no mistaking the object of the
leaders of this movement. They evidently intend
to use this Kansas question to make as much
political capital out of it as they can to aid them
in carrying the election, by which means they
hope to get power to " crush out" the South, as
they suppose; but, if they fail in the election,
then they are, sword in hand, to join the revolu-
tionists in Kansas.
In the first editorial I read from, in this mam-
moth sheet, (the Courierand Enquirer,) issued the
26th instant, and written, doubtless, by General
Webb himself, who seems to be the Magnus
Apollo of th« Black Republican hosts, are these
significant, as well as studied, words:
" The remedy is, to go to the polls, and through the bal-
lot-box repudiate the infamous platform put forth at Cin-
cinnati, and over which the black flag of slavery waves with
characteristic impudence; and failing in thu, do as our
fathers did before us—stand by our inalienable rights, and
drive back with arnu those who dare to trample upon our
inheritance. There is no boasting and no threat in this. It
is the calm language of honest, conscientious, and determ-
ined freemen, wafted to us by even' breeze from the West;
and they are already acting in strict conformity with their
avowed determination."
Now, sir, I care as little for these belligerent :
manifestoes of this redoubtable general of the :
Courier and Enquirer, as I did two years ago for '
the " blazing" and " incendiary" bulletins of his
cotemporary of the Tribune. I refer to them only
to show the purposes at work; and I put the j
question directly to this House: Are you going
to allow this subject to be used for any such
purposes ? If you want Kansas admitted as a !
State, do I not offer you a fair, liberal, and just
proposition for accomplishing that object ? Do
you wish to go before the country with the ques-
tion, to inflame the public min^at the North, to
move their passions, to stir up their blood, and
prepare their hearts for a war of extermination
against their southern brethren?—" to drive them
back, sword in hand, in case you fail in the election ?''
If so, then be it so. But be it known to you, that
you will have to take the question with the issue
this day joined. Between you and me—between
these two propositions, I am willing that the
people North, as well as the South, may judge.
Nothing would afford me more pleasure than to
argue the question with you before any intelligent
constituency in the Republic.
Patriotism, as I have heretofore found it, is the
same everywhere. Nor has it in days past been
1 confined to any locality in this broad land. It is, I
believe, indigenous wherever the national flag
floats. In the forests and ship-yards and market
towns of Maine it is to be found; in the factories,
, workshops, and commercial houses of the old
Bay State it is to be found. In State street and
Faneuil Hall its voice has often been heard. So
on the White Mountains of New Hampshire and
the Green Mountains of Vermont; on the hills
and valleys of Connecticut, Rhode Island, New
York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey. It is a
, plant that heretofore has grown with as much
J vigor on the most sterile soil of the East as it has
upon the fairest plains of the South or the richest
prairies of the West. I cannot believe that a
change of political climate has rendered it an
exotic in any part of this country yet. Upon
nothing, however, should I rely in presenting this
issue everywhere, but upon the reason, justice,
intelligence, virtue, integrity, and patriotism of
the people; upon these all our republican institu-
tions must rest; when they fail, all that we hold
dear must go with them. And if the North shall
decide to follow General Webb, let the responsi-
bility rest upon him and them.
I cannot believe that the great body of honest
business people of the North are prepared to join
a set of reckless leaders in this crusade against
the South, or will' lend their influence and aid in
kindling a civil war in Kansas which may extend
until it involves the whole country. This I can-
not believe, find will not believe for the present
at least. It is for them to determine whether
they will or not. That question they will have
to meet, not only on this issue, if the majority of
this House so determine, but upon that other,
and at this time more absorbing, issue of the Cin-
cinnati platform. That platform bears no black
flag, as this " sword-iri-hand" general asserts.
Black flags belong to those who think more of
black men than they do of the white man, and
who exhibit more sympathy for the well-provided
African race than they do for the suffering and
oppressed poor of their own. The flag of the
Cincinnati platform on this subject bears no prin-
ciples ascribed upon its broad folds but those of
the Constitution. The friends of the Unionunder
the Constitution must and will approve them ev-
I erywhere; while none but the enemies of one or
the other of these, or both, can*denounce them.
Upon this great sectional question all national
men, I care not of what party—all true hearted
patriots, who look from the bright history of the
past with hopes to a brighter future before us,
must and will give those principles, announced at
Cincinnati, their sanction ana approval. The
issue on this subject presented at Cincinnati is
nationalism against sectionalism—the issue pre-
sented at Philadelphia is sectionalism against na-
tionalism.
Are we, Mr. Speaker, to remainaunited people?
Are we to go onp in that high career of achieve-
ment in science, in art, and in civilization, which
we have so conspicuously entered upon? Or are
we to be arrested in our upward course long before
reaching the half-way point towards ultimate
culmination? Are our deeds of glory all num-
bered ? Are the memories of the past to be for-
gotten , and the benefits and blessings of the present
to be derided and rejected ? Is the radiant orb
of day brightening the morning of our existence
to be darkened and obscured, and with it the light
of the world extinguished forever ? And all this'
because Congress, in its wisdom, has thought
proper to permit the free white men of Kansas to
i determine for themselves whether the negro in
that Territory shall be the same nondescript out-
i cast, neither citizen nor slave, amongst them, that
he is in sixteen States of the Union, or whether
he shall occupy the same condition there in rela-
tion to them wnich a Christian philanthropy has
assigned him in the other fifteen States. I say
Christian philanthropy, notwithstanding the re-
marks of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddingb,] i
the other day, denouncing slavery as a violation
of the laws of nature and of God! To those
remarks, though my time is short, I wish very
briefly to reply before I close.
Even, however, if slavery be sinful, as they
affirm, or their language implies, permit me here to
ask, is not the sin the same whether the slave be
held in Georgia, Carolina, or in Kansas ? Is it any
more sinful in one place than another? But are
these gentlemen correct ? Is African slavery, as
it exists in the South, either a violation of the
laws of nature, the laws of nations, or the laws
of God ? 1 maintain that it is not. It has been
recognized by the laws of nations from time im-
memorial. The highest court in this country, the
Supreme Court of the United States, has so de-
cided the laws of nations to be. And where do
we get the laws of nature but in nature's works
about us ? Those general rules and principles
by which all things in nature, according to their
kinds respectively, seem to be regulated, and to
which they seem to conform, we call laws; and
in the handiwork of creation nothing is more
striking to the philosophic observer than that
order is nature's first great law.
Gradation, too, is stamped upon everything
animate as well as inanimate—if, indeed, there
be anything inanimate. A scale, from the lowest
degree of inferiority to the highest degree of supe-
riority, runs through all animal life. We see it
in the insect tribes—we see it in the fiahes of the
sea, the fowls of the air, in the beasts of the
earth, and we see it in the races of men. We see
the same principle pervading the heavenly bodies
above us. One star differs from another star in
magnitude and luster—some are larger, others
are smaller—but the greater and superior uni-
formly influences and controls the lesser and
inferior within its sphere. If there is any fixed
principle or law of nature it is this. In-the races
of men we find like differences in capacity and
development. The negro is inferior to the white
man; nature has made him so; observation and
history, from the remotest times, establish the
fact; and all attempts to make the inferior equal
to the superior is but an effort to reverse the
decrees of the Creator, who has made all things
as we find them, according to the counsels of his
own will. The Ethiopian can no more change
his nature or his skin than the leopard his spots.
Do what you will, a negro is a negro, and he
will remain a negro still. In the social and polit-
I ical system of the South the negro is assigned to
that subordinate position for which he is fitted by
the laws of nature. Our system of civilization is
founded in strict conformity to these laws. Order
and subordination, according to the natural fitness
of things, is the principle upon which the whole
fabric of our southern institutions rest.
Then as to the law of God—that law we read
! not only in his works about us, around us, and
over us, but in that inspired Book wherein he has
! revealed his will to man. When we differ as to
! the voice of nature, or the language of God, as
spoken in nature's works, we go to that great
Book, the Book of Books, which is the fountain
| of all truth. To that Book I now appeal. God,
in the days of old,made a covenant with the human
, family—for the redemption of fallen man: that
covenant is the corner-stone of the whole Chris-
tian system. Abram, afterwards called Abraham,
was th#man with whom that covenant was made.
He was the great first head of an organized visi-
ble church here below. He believed God, and it
was accounted to him for righteousness. He was
in deed and in truth the father of the faithful.
Abraham, sir, was a slaveholder. Nay, more,
he was required to have the sign of that covenant
r administered to the slaves of his household,
i Mr. CAMPBELL. Page, bring me a Bible.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have one here which the
gentleman can consult if he wishes. Here is the
passage, Genesis xvii., 13. God said to Abrff
nam:
i( 13. He that is born in thy house and he that is bought
with thy money must needs be circumcised; and my cove-
nant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.'3
Yes, sir, Abraham was not only a slaveholder,
but a slave dealer, it seems, for he bought men
with his money, and yet it was with him the
covenant was made by which the world was to
