1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
Mr. WELLER. I liope the Senate will act on
the Senator's suggestion, and agree to my amend-
ment at once.
Mr. HUNTER I think that this case does
not come within the rule which I have laid down.
This appropriation is not necessary to carry out
any law. It is only to continue a public work.
There is no law requiring the work to be finished
within a specified time. This is only an appro-
priation for continuing the work. But, sir, I do
not wish to multiply words in regard to this
matter. It is indispensable that the bill shall be
passed soon, and I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
there are any other military posts which it is pro-
posed to establish at the present session on the
line between this country and Great Britain ? Is
this the only one ?
Mr. WELLER. 1 am not aware that there is
any military post established alongthc boundary
line between Minnesota and the British posses-
sions, and I think this is the only one that will
be established immediately upon that line. I
perceive, by looking at the map, that the point at
which we propose to place a fort is about the
center of the line from east to west.
Mr. HALE. I do not know exactly what is
the extent of frontier between this country and
Great Britain; but it strikes me that, if the idea is
entertained of putting the country in a condition
of defense to meet preparations which arc said to
be making in Canada, we are beginning at the
wrong end if we go off into the western wilder-
ness to commence the system. We are abandon-
ing fortifications which have been kept up for
years. At the military post at Holton, on the
boundary lino of the State of Maine, I believe
(here is not a soldier, and the post is going to
ruin. Then, on the St. Lawrence and the whole
line of the lakes, we have but one war steamer,
and a very small one at that.
Mr. CASS. We do not want that. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I think we had better have a
bridge at Detroit than have that. [Laughter.]
It strikes me that this is a useless expenditure.
We appropriated $5,000 to begin this post. _ We
are now asked to make an amendment to this bill
by giving an additional sum of $50,000 to carry
it on, and the quartermaster general says that
lie does not ask for more, because this is all that
he can spend during the present summer. I think
that this appropriation is wrong; itis not wanted;
it is a useless expenditure. If we are going to
fortify our northern frontier, I think we had better
begin a little further east. We had better fortify
the lakes and the defenses of our large cities, and
rebuild some of the old fortifications which are
now abandoned, instead of making a new military
post in the far-off wilderness of Minnesota in
order to fight Great Britain, or to defend ourselves
against the aggression of Great Britain. For that
reason I shall vote against the amendment, and I
shall be willing to repeal the law providing for
this post.
Mr. STUART. The Delegate from Minnesota
Territory [Mr. Rice] addressed to me a few days
ago a communication on this subject, and I have
also conversed with him in regard to it. The
principal difficulty which exists is in respect to
the Indian depredations there; our citizens are
murdered every year by the Indians. It is but
a few days since that 1 saw in a newspaper a
statement that a lady traveling in that vicinity
was murdered by the Indians. This is an every
year occurrence. The settlement at Pembina is
a pretty large one, and there is a good deal of
travel from"there to the Hudson Bay settlement.
These murders are carried on annually. The
Secretary of War being aware of that fact, has
ordered a company from the tenth regiment to be
posted there, and hence the necessity for the ap-
propriation to establish this temporary post. It
is a question which involves the protection of our
own citizens, and they are entitled to piotection,
1 apprehend, in all parts of the Union.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall vote for this appro-
priation. The honorable Senator who is^ the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
tells me that there is preparation making on our
northern lino—that the appearances on the other
side of the line are menacing. When the Secre-
tary of War recommends an appropriation of this
description, I see no reason why we should not
comply with his request, and grant the money.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the other members of that
committee have investigated this question. He
tells us that he considers the appropriation neces-
sary for the defense of the country. I am not
willing to vote against any measure thus recom-
mended for the national defense, and especially
at this time. I make no war spcecli; I have
nothing to say on the subject of war; but I intend
by my votes, on this ana on all other proposi-
tions, to exclude the charge, if on any future oc-
casion such a calamity shall come upon us, that
I have not been ready at all times to meet the
requests of the executive department in regard
to the national defense.
I concur with the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire in believing that there arc defenses
needed, and that foitifications ought to be on the
Atlantic border. I have no doubt of that: and I
shall be found ready at all times to give my vote
in favor of whatever is recommended for defenses
on the Atlantic border; and I am inclined on this
bill, and on any other, to vote in favor of the
necessary defenses of the country. On the testi-
mony before me, 1 believe this to be necessary.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should be pleased
to hear from the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, (to whose remarks I have listened,) whether
there are any white settlers on the Red river of
the North, and when they went there. There
were none there a few years ago. There was a
very peaceable class of Indians there at that time,
as I understood. The Senator has spoke of In-
dian aggressions. Now, I desire to know more
distinctly whether the object of this fort is to
encourage emigration, and lead to the formation
of a settlement in that region?
Mr. STUART. Not at all. It is to protect
the settlement already there. The Senatoi must
be aware that at Pembina, where the original act
proposed to locate this post, there is a very con-
siderable settlement. There is a very large vote
given there at each of the elections ill Minnesota,
as the returns always show.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I would ask whether
the settlement was made since the purchase of
i lands in that region from the Sioux Indians?
i Mr. STUART. I cannot answer that ques-
tion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. A few years ago,
according to my information of that country, there
were no settlements there by citizens of the United
States; but now it is complained that there arc
Indian depredations on our citizens.
Mr. CASS. Perhaps I can solve the question
of the honorable Senator. There is a half-breed
settlement at Pembina. The line between the
United States and Canada runs through it. 1
think it was begun by Selkirk. By intermar-
riages with Indian women there has risen quite a
settlement, and I believe, it is a flourishing one.
The amount of population I do not know.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The answer is sat-
isfactory on that point. But when we made the
large purchase from the Sionx. at the time to
which I have alluded, it was done on the ground
that it was necessary for the still widening bound-
ary of the white settlements. I predicted then
that we were going very far beyond the wants
of the population of Minnesota, and so I think
it has resulted. The rich and fertile regions bor-
dering on the Mississippi, the St. Peter, and the
Minnesota rivers, are occupied; but I understand
the settlements do not extend much beyond those
points. There is also a fine region of some ex-
tent, though if is not very large, as I understand
from the explorations wnich have been made on
the Red river of the North.
My objection to this appropriation is, that
there is, as I conceive, no necessity for a fort at
this point to protect any white settlement, prop-
erly speaking. The settlers theie are a mixed
race. It is possible that, in the course of time, a
fort will be quite important there; but what I
think is of importance to be considered now, is,
whether there is any necessity at this time to
open a new territory to settlement on the Red
river of the North. I say that is the question,
because the establishment of this fort necessarily
invites settlement, and we shall have surveys and
sales of the public lands following it as a natural
consequence. I understand that there is a prop-
osition already lodhide the Territory of Minne-
sota by some line which I do not remember at this
moment. I have no objection to the regular,
gradual extension of our settlements westward and
northwestward; but it seems to me that it is not
sound policy (particularly in reference to the
condition of that country and of the Indian tribes,
occupying it) to press those tribes still further and
further into the gorges of the mountains, and
necessarily bring on conflicts with the white set-
tlements on the borders and with the white emi-
grants. It is not necessary at present, though in
time it will undoubtedly be so. I understand the
hon orable chairman of the Committee on Military-
Affairs to say, that there has been an appropria-
tion of $5,000 for this object. I did not know the
fact. I did not notice it at the time. I suppose
that amount has been expended in the purchase
of a site.
Mi*. STUART. No, sir; nota dollar has been
expended at all. The Government owns the land.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I cannot conceive
why an appropriation of §5,000 should be made
for the establishment of a fort in that country.
If there should be a hostile disposition on the
part of the Sioux and other tribes in the north-
west, it would require a much larger expenditure;
and so I see, now, the proposition is to appro-
priate §50,000 in addition to the $5,000, which
was found altogether inadequate. But, sir, 1
do not feel confident that I am correctin my con-
clusions as to the absence of any necessity for
encouraging the extension of our settlements at
that point at this time. I think, however, it is
not connected with the regular progress of our
settlements westward.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 desire to make a single
statement for the purpose of preventing, if I can,
a deviation from the proper course of debate on
this amendment. I do not think it involves the
questions raised by the Senator from Tennessee.
] understand it is for a military post to put down
Indian incursions. It was said, a year ago, that
it was necessary to have a post at Pembina to
hold in check roving Indians who live part of the
time in British territory and part of the time in
ours. It was said to be necessary, on that ac-
count, to have a post at this place; which, as the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has said, ia
Selkirk's old settlement. I believe that is the
question which is involved; but, at the same time,
I think it may well be postponed until the general
appropriation bill comes up, and I hope that it
will be done.
Mr. STUART. If this matter can be properly
understood by the Senate, I am satisfied there
will be no opposition to the amendment, and the
Senator from Tennessee certainly will not be
opposed to it. It is not a proposition to extend
settlements, or to get up a new Territory, but it
is simply to protect an existing settlement, and
those engaged in trading on this route. There is
a very heavy trade that goes down to St. Paul
from this point and the country beyond it. There
is a large settlement there. The white people are
constantly engaged in that trade, and white people
reside in that part of the country. I will read a
few lines from the letter of the Delegate from
Minnesota, to me—a gentleman who, as every-
body knows, cannot be heard on this floor, and
must depend on others. He says;
In addition to the Hi el-ores Bay Company, &.C., hun-
dred;. of thousands of buffaloed arc kilted annually on these
Indian giounds.1'
That disturbs them, makes them savage and
revengeful towards the settlers. These things
are done by the Hudson's Kay Company—not
by our citizens. Their people come over and
exasperate our Indians, and then the Indians take
their revenge on our people. Let me read fur-
ther:
<• Outlaws there are daily violated with impunity; and
c\er; *ear sumc ut'oiu citizen? hfivt: been murdered. Last
siimmi-i the Indiana of the plains btole.in one night, up-
waids of two hundred head of horses and cattle."
That was one night's operation by the maraud-
ing and roving Indians. As I have said the Sec-
retary of War has considered the whole question,
and recommended an appropriation for this pur-
pose. Last year Congress appropriated $5,000,
of which the Secretary lias not expended a penny,
because it was totally insufficient to do anything;
but he has ordered a company from tho tenth regi-
ment of infantry to be posted there. And now
he sends in his estimate, showing the necessity
