1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
be redeemed from the dominion of sin. And it
was jnt0 his bosom in heaven that the poor man
who died at the rich man's gate was borne by
angels, according to the parable of the Savior.
In the'20th chapter of Exodus, the great moral
law is found—that law that defines sin—the
ten commandments, written by the finger of
God himself upon tables of stone. In two of
these commandments, the 4th and 10th, verses
]0th and 17th, slavery is expressly recognized,
and in none of them is there anything against it
—this is the moral law. In Leviticus we have
the civil law on this subject, as given by God to
Moses for the government of his chosen people
in their municipal affairs. In chapter xxv., verses
44, 45, and 46,1 read as follows:
" 44. Both thy bondmen and thy bondmaids which thou
ehalt have shall be of the heathen that are round about
you; of them ye shall buy bondmen and bondmaids.
" 45. Moreover, of the children of the strangers that do
sojourn among you, of them ye shall buy, and of their
families that are with you which they begat in your land:
and they shall be your possession.
46. And ye shall take tbem as an inheritance for your
children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they
shall be your bondmen forever; but over your brethren, the
children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another,
with rigor."
This was the law given to the Jews soon after
they left Egypt for their government when they
should reach the land of promise. They could
have had no slaves then. It authorized the intro-
duction of slavery amongst them when they should
become established in Canaan. And it is to be
noted that their bondmen and bondmaids to be
bought, and held for a possession and an inheritance
for their children after them," were to be of the
heathen round about them. Over their brethren
they were not to rule with rigor. Our southern
system is in strict conformity with this injunc-
tion. Men of our own blood and our own race,
•wherever born, or from whatever clime they come,
jure free and equal. We have no castes or classes
amongst white men—no " upper tendom" or
"lower tendom." All are equals. Our slaves
were taken from the heathen tribes—the bar-
barians of Africa. In our households they are
brought within the pale of the covenant, under
Christian teaching and influence; and more of
them are partakers of the benefits of the gospel
than ever were rendered so by missionary enter-
prise. The wisdom of man is foolishness—the
ways of Providence are mysterious. Nordoes the
negro feel any sense of degradation in his condi-
tion—he is not degraded. He occupies and fills the
same grade or rank in society and the State that
he does in the scale of being; it is his natural
Elace; and all things fit when nature's great first
tw of order is conformed to.
Again: Job was certainly one of the best men of
whom we rekd in the Bible. He was a large slave-
holder. So,too, were Isaacand Jacob,and all the
patriarchs. But, it is said, this was under the Jew-
ish dispensation. Granted. Has any change been
made since ? Is anything to be found in the New
Testament against it? Nothing—notaword. Sla-
very existed when the Gospel was preached by
Christ and his Apostles,and where they preached:
it was all around them. And though the Scribes
and Pharisees were denounced by our Savior for
their hypocrisy and robbing " widows' houses,"
yet not a word did He utter against slaveholding.
On one occasion, He was sought for by a centu-
rion, who asked him to heal his slave, who was
sick. Jesus said he would go; but the centurion
objected, saying: " Lord, I am not worthy that
thou shouldst come under itiy roof; but speak the
word only, and my servant shall be healed. For
I am a man under authority, having soldiers
under me; and I say to this man, go, and he
goeth; and to another come, and he cometh; and
to my slave, do this, and he doeth it." Matthew
viiL, 9. Tha word rendered here "servant" in our
translation, means slave. It means just such a ser-
Wint as all our slaves at the South are. I have
the original Greek.
[Here the hammer fell. Mr. Stephens asked
that he might be permitted to go on as long as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] had
taken up his time. He had but a little more to
*ay. Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, objected; and what
follows is the substance of what he intended to
sa|r, if he had not been, cut off by the hour
The word in the original is doulos, and the
meaning of this word, as given in Robinson's
Greek and English Lexicon, is this—I read from
the book: " In the family the doulos was one
bound to serve, a slave, and was the property of
his master—'a living possession,' as Aristotle
calls him." And again: " The doulos, therefore,
was never a hired servant, the latter being called
misthios," &c. This is the meaning of the word,
as given by Robinson, a learned doctor of divin-
ity, as well as of laws. The centurion on that
occasion said to Christ himself," I say to my slave,
do this, and he doeth it, and do Thou but speak
the word, and he shall be healed." What was
the Savior's reply? Did He tell him to go loose
the bonds that fettered his fellow man ? Did He
tell him he was sinning against God for holding
a slave ? No such thing. But we are told by the
inspired penman that:
"When Jesus heard it he marveled and said to them
that followed: Verily, I say unto you, I have not found so
great faith, no, not in Israel. And I say unto you that
many shall come from the east and west and shall sit
down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom
of Heaven. But the children of the kingdom shall be cast
out into utter darkness; there shall be weeping and gnashing
of teeth. And Jesus said, unto the centurion, Go thy way,
and as thou hast believed so be it done unto thee. And
his servant [or slave] was healed m the selfsame hour."
Was Christ a "doughface ?" Did He quail
before the slave power? And if he did not rebuke
the lordly centurion for speaking as he did of
his authority over his slave, but healed the sick
man, and said that he had not found so great
faith in all Israel as he had in his master, who
shall now presume, in His name, to rebuke others
for exercising similar authority, or say that their
faith may not be as strong as that of the cen-
turion's?
In no place in the New Testament, sir, is slavery
held up as sinful. Several of the Apostles alluded
to it, but none of them—not one of them, men-
tions or condemns it as a relation sinful in itself,
or violative of the laws of God, or even Chris-
tian duty." They enjoin the relative duties of
both master and slave. Paul sent a runaway
stave, Onesimus, back to Philemon, his master.
He frequently alludes to slavery in his letters to
the churches, but in no case speaks of it as sinful.
To what he says tin one of these epistles I ask
special attention. It is 1st Timothy, chapter 6th,
and beginning with the 1st verse:
" 1. Let as many servants [iouloi, slaves in the original,
which I have before me] as are under the yoke [that is,
those who are the most abject of slaves] count their own
masters worthy of all honor, that the name of God and his
doctrine be not blasphemed.
" 3. And they that have believing masters, [according to
modern doctrine there can be no such thing as a slavehold-
ing believer; so did not think Paul,] let them not despise
[or neglect and not care for] them,because they are brethren;
but rather do them service, because they are faithful and
beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and
exhort.
" 3. If any man teach otherwise and consent not to whole-
some words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to
the doctrine which is according to godliness :
" 4. He is proud, [or self-conceited,] knowing nothing but
doting about question) and strifes of words, whereof cometh
envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings,
"5. Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and
destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness -.from
such withdraw thyself."
This language of St. Paul, the great Apostle of
the Gentiles, is just as appropriate this day, in
this House, as it was when he penned it eighteen
hundred years ago. No man could frame a more
direct reply to the doctrines of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] than is here contained in the
sacred book. What does all this strife, and envy,
and railings, and " civil war" in Kansas come
from, but the teachings of those in our day who
teach otherwise than Paul taught, and " do not
consent to wholesome words, even the words of our
Lord Jesus Christ ?"
Let no man, then, say that African slavery as it
exists in the South, incorporated in, and sanc-
tioned by, the Constitution of the United States,
is in violation of either the laws of nations, the
laws of nature, or the laws of God !
And if it " must needs be" that such an offense
shall come from this source as shall sever the
ties that now unite these States together in frater-
nal bonds, and involve the land in civil war, then
"wo be unto them from whom the offense
cometh!"
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. '
SPEECH OF HON. W. BIGLER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Senate, July 1, 1856,
On the bill reported from the Committee on Territories
authorizing the people of Kansas to form a Constitution
and State Government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union on equal terms with the original States.
Mr. BIGLER said: I have not, Mr. President,
at any time since my entrance into this body,
expressed any views on the great question now
under consideration. I have been willing to listen
and to learn. I have felt that a subject so grave and
so complicated was properly confided to the care
of the more experienced members of the body. I
have listened to the discussions from the com-
mencement—generally with interest. I have in this
way been edified, gratified, afid, at times, almost
terrified. Nor do I rise now, Mr. President, for the
purpose of discussing this subject in all its aspects.
My purpose is not to enter into an examination
of the legal questions, technical or real, which are
connected with, and spring from, it. My pur-
pose is simply to make a few practical remarks
tearing upon the whole question, as now before
us, touching the present far more than the past,
and inquiring what is our duty under all the cir-
cumstances—what we should and can do to meet
present exigencies? I am prepared to say to south-
ern men, and to northern men, in a spiiit of jus-
tice and of conciliation, but at the same time, I
trust, of sufficient firmness, " Come, now, let us
reason together."
It is unnecessary fb say that this question has
been one of peculiar interest; that from the organ-
ization of the Government it has occupied much
of the time and consideration of the people, and
of the Government. I need scarcely remind this
body of the discussions to which it has led, the
anxieties which it has awakened, and, occasion-
ally, the alarms which it has spread throughout
the country. It has presented itself almost the
only obstacle in the way of a quiet, peaceful, and
glorious progress of our people; and it now seems
to be the only cloud in the future. I can see
nothing to prevent, the advance of this country
in growth and general prosperity, in the light of
liberty, as it has moved heretofore, except this
question of slavery.
I ask, then, Mr. President, whether there be
no way of giving peace and quiet to the country ?
I think we can find these elements permanently
in the doctrine of non-intervention, and immedi-
ately in the bill proposed by the Senator from
Georgia.
The first controversy on the subject, as appli-
cable to the Territories, found in our history,
had reference to the northwestern country. That
was settled by the adoption of the ordinance of
1787. The next arose in regard to the Territory
of Louisiana. That was adjusted in 1820, for
the time being, by an act oif Congress, saying
that slavery should not extend north of the par-
allel of 36° 30'—familiarly known as the Mis-
souri compromise. The next struggle arose on the
reannexation of Texas. Then tne question was
again settled by the adoption of the Missouri
line. After the termination of the war with Mex-
ico, and the acquisition of new territory,* this
difficult and delicate question presented itself
again, and again it was proposed to settle the
contest by the extension of the parallel of 36°
30' to the Pacific ocean. I believe the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in 1848,presented
the proposition to this body. The excitement
throughout the country was becoming violent.
The necessity for a prompt and, if possible, a
conclusive measure was apparent. What fol-
lowed ? Was that measure of adjustment which
had theretofore been recognized adopted ? No,
sir; it was rejected; and, as you will find by the
records, mainly by the votes of northern mem-
bers, and by the votes of those who now com-
plain that the Missouri line has been repealed^
In 1850, when the peace of the country seemed
to be in imminent danger, the experienced men
of this body, such as Mr. Clay and Mr Webster,
and the venerable Senator in front of me, Mr.
Camr, and others, conceived and presented & new
