1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IM&
without calling his attention to it. But I know-
there aresensitive spirits in this world, and_I know,
too, that my colleague is one of them.-f-njie is one
of those who imposes on the feelings of no one
where he can help it.
" His offense was what were assumed to be
disrespectful words." Does not the Senator con-
sider that those words were disrespectful? They
were found in the columns of a paper over the
signature of another, who had nothing to do offi-
cially with the business of which he spoke. That
individual, or editor, goes on to declare—I will
give you the substance, if not the words, he used
—that he had known something of human degra-
dation; but that of all he had ever known, he
thought the proposition introduced by the Repre-
sentative from Arkansas on that occasion—that
proposition having been to invite not only the
opponents of the party of which he was a mem-
ber, but the candidate of that party, and his own,
to withdraw from the contest for the Speaker-
ship—was the most degrading.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator speak a
little louder ? I cannot hear what he says.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think, if the Senator will
give me his attention, he will see that it is im-
possible to speak louder, or I would willingly do
it. The Senator can come a little closer to me;
he may find a seat near by. I cannot advance
further than half way across this Hall, as I have
done.
Mr. SEWARD. There are so many persons
passing in and out, that I cannot hear.
Mr. JOHNSON. I speak distinctly always.
I am. certainly disposed that the Senator should
hear me; for'it is in no unkind spirit that I ap-
proach this subject at all.
" His offense was what were assumed to be
disrespectful words written concerning a member
of the House of Representatives." Does the
Senator say there were no disrespectful words
written > If he says so, he may think properly
that it was a most unprovoked assault. The
Senator mentioned a circumstance not necessary
to be mentioned here at all in the discussion in
which he was engaged; but he might as well have
characterized it by language which would have
made it plain, and let it be known that he con-
sidered there were no disrespectful words for
which there was any right to make a personal
assault.
" And that act of violence passed -with impu-
nity," the Senator said. X have given you the
circumstanccs connected with the violence here
mentioned. I call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the subject-matter entire was brought
before the grand jury of this District; that wit-
nesses were called on all sides in regard to it;
and really it was considered so trivial and insig-
nificant a matter of itself and at the same time it
was so entirely provoked, that the grand jury
ignored the bill. " That act of violence," says
the Senator, " passed with impunity.'' I submit
to him whether, without having investigated the
case as the members of the grand jury must have
investigated it under oath,and with witnesses be-
fore them under oath, and all the parties appearing,
or at liberty to appear, for really I have not exam-
ined to see whether the editor appeared or not,
the Senator is to stand forth as knowing more
about it than the grand jury. I do not believe the
Senator will say that he knew more about it than
those who thus officially and legally investigated
the whole matter.
Now, sir, the Senator from New York, I sub-
mit, has cast what I believe, in the cursory run
of debate, were unintentional reflections upon
my colleague in the other House, which will be
necessarily sore to him, as I know. He has not
seen or read it; but 1 know that he had heard
that reflections were made on him. He does not,
to my knowledge, know what those reflections
were. I choose to give the Senator here the op-
portunity of stating whether or not he desires to
reiterate what is stated in his speech, in order
that his meaning may be understood.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, X confess,
with very great pleasure, that the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas has not misstated or over-
stated in. any respect, the amir.ablo find kmu
relations which have existed between him and
myself since he lias been a member of this body .
I reciprocate the sentiments and feelings^ which
he has uttered, and I feel sure that he is only
acting with a manliness and generosity charac-
teristic of himself in presenting this subject to
the Senate.
In the course of the debate yesterday, it will
be recollected that the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] alluding to the matter
of Mr. Sumner, stated as a matter of grievance
against the State of Massachusetts, that she had
converted what had been a personal difficulty,
into a public matter, or she had taken a course
which had that tendency. I went on to show
that Massachusetts was not so responsible for
having converted what he had called a personal
quarrel into a public one, and that the fact of the
assault on Mr. Sumner having become a public
question, or subject of so great magnitude, re-
sulted from its nature, circumstances, and ante-
cedents, and a foresight of the consequences
which must follow it. By way of illustrating
rapidly, as thoughts occurred to my mind, its na-
ture and circumstances, antecedents, and conse-
quences of that assault, I spoke of the fact that
an editor of a newspaper had been assaulted with-
out sufficientpreliminary notice toputhim on his
personal defense, and beaten down in one of the
avenues leading to the Capitol, for the assumed
offense of words written concerning what had
been done by a mejnber of the House of Repre-
sentatives in his official capacity.
Now, sir, to the propositions contained in those
two sentences the honorable Senator calls my
notice. The first point he takes is, that I rep-
resented that assault as having been made with-
out sufficient preliminary notice. I have not now,
after this lapse of time, a precise recollection of the
transaction referred to, as it was then understood
by me to have occurred. I understood generally,
however, the transaction to have occurred some-
what in this way: that an honorable member of
the House of Representatives met the editor of
the Tribune on his way from the Capitol, at the
close of a day's debate, and that, asking him
whether he was a non-combatant, the editor
replied, that depended upon circumstances; and
that immediately this member, then at the time
personally unknown to the editor, struck him. I
do not know whether thatis the fact. That is the
way I understood the transaction then; I have
never read any account of it since. If that be so,
I think there was not sufficient preliminary notice
to enable the editor to put himself on a defense.
I cannot say otherwise, if the facts were as thus
understood.
What would be necessary and right as suffi-
cient preliminary notice would be notice before-
hand that an attack was contemplated at some fu-
ture time, and I think that such notice is not given
when blows are inflicted on a person who is over-
taken and accosted by a stranger, whom lie is
unconscious of having offended. In that view,
I thought that, if the account of the transaction
was correct, the assault was made without suffi-
cient preliminary notice. If the fact is otherwise,
of course I was incorrect. If it were so, it strikes
me that, as the blow followed immediately on the
putting of the question and receiving a hurried
and unstudied answer, the circumstances were
sufficient to justify the remark which I made.
The remark, however, was made without any
thought or purpose of other bearing than on the
question under consideration in the Senate; cer-
tainly without any purpose of reflecting on any
one here or elsewhere.
But it is my duty, also, to say this much m
regard to the preliminary offense which provoked
the assault. I had not in my mind, when speak-
ing yesterday, a recollection of what was the
language which had been used by the editor of
the Tribune on that occasion. My own recol-
lection of it is, that it was a comment on a prop-
osition or measure of a member of the House of
Representatives; that it conveyed no personal
reproach whatever against him; and that it was
-within the latitude admitted in parliamentary
debate and discussion of measures and policy,
without touching the motives or character of
the individual who was the author or advocate of
them. It is lawful for me to state, in regard to a
proposition before the Senate, introduced by a
member or a committee of this House, that it has
a character in its tendency and effect which I
! could not attribute to the motives of its author. I
remember a distinct case, which occurred in the
I debate with the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] the author of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill  
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you mean that the article
in the Tribune did not convey any reproach ?
Mr. SEWARD. No,I do not say that. What
I say is that, as it was recollected by me, it con-
veyed no personal reproach against the Senator'a
colleague, but that it was a denunciation—an un-
measured one, in bad taste, and an extravagant
one, which I would not myself have used—of
some measure which he had introduced into Con-
gress. I so understood it then; 1 so understand
it now. Certainly, I have not justified the article
in my remarks yesterday. I had no occasion to
do so; I had quite forgotten it, and of course I
neither expressed nor implied any sanction of the
article which the Tribune contained; and I can
very well admit that, for anything I know to the
contrary, it may have been unjust.
I remember, I was going on to illustrate, two
or three years ago, when the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was before the Senate, I entertained a very
bad opinion of thalrbill—an opinion about as bad
as any Senator or citizen can entertain of a meas-
ure which it is his duty to oppose. In address-
ing the Senate, I found it necessary to characterize
the measure in strong terms; but I guarded myself
against imputing any such character whatever to
the authorof the measure,orto his motives. I did
so, precisely for the reason that I had no doubt
myself at the time, that the author had no un-
patriotic or unjust motives, and I conceded to him,
precisely as I claimed for myself, integrity of
motive, as I do to every other person engaged in
public duties, I freely concede the same purity
of motives to the colleague of the Senator [Mr.
R.ust] in the transaction referred to, although that
transaction is not at all remembered by me. He
is entitled by his position to that acknowledgment.
I can readily believe his character to be just what
is given to him by the Senator, for I know he is
a man of truth and high honor, while I am per-
sonally unacquainted with his colleague, [Mr.
Rust.] I have, therefore, not sanctioned the
article of which he complains, and I have no
reason for doing so now.
That is my understanding of this whole case.
In the first place, taking the account whioh I had
received of the transaction, the assault made was
withoutsufficient preliminary notice. As a ques-
tion of fact, if the circumstances remain as then
understood, my opinion is the same still. If not
so—if the facts are misunderstood, it will be mod-
ified according to the circumstances if more or
other notice than I had understood was given.
In regard to the other branch of the question,
I consider the article of which complaint is made
of the editor of the Tribune as being in bad taste,
excessive, extravagant, and severe. I regarded
it, however, as not an attack on the motives or the
character of the member who had introduced thft
measure which was condemned, although I may
have been in error on that subject. So I thought
that the assault on him was a sufficient excuse in
that way. Beyond that, the honorable Senator
knows, and everybody knows, that it is my
judgment, my opinion, my rule of action, that
the interests of justice, of right, and of truth, re-
quire freedom of the press and freedom of speech
and debate, and that whatever errors may be com-
mitted in the exercise of that freedom, they are
counterhalan ced in their effects by the good which
results from discussion. I think, as all the world
knows I do, that it is not right for any person,
citizen, or member of Congress, or in any official
station, to resort to personal retaliation for the
vindication of character assailed in debate, or
through the press.
This being so, the transaction appeared to me
one which was inexcusable. I referred to the fact,
however, as a historical one. I neither made nor
implied, nor intended, any reflection on the as-
sailant in that case, but simply gave it as it was
understood by me, as one of the_ antecedent cir-
cumstances by operation of which, with other
causes, deeper and wider interest had been excited
concerning the transaction between Mr. Si?mneh<
and Mr. Brooks.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was not easy to hear th 
Senator's conclusion, speaking under the gallery,
as he did; but I ask, whether he understood this
quarrel as one of the causes which led to tn 
ultimate difficulty between Mr. Brooks ana Mr.
Sumner?
