740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
of this appropriation, in order to provide for them
a shelter, aplace ofprotection. I ask why should
•we postpone it now, at the suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, in order
to place it on a general bill hereafter, when in the
mean time vast injury will be done, and loss will
be suffered by the Government? Soldiers are to
be posted there; and the report which has just
been read from the quartermaster general, pro-
poses that those soldiers shall construct the work.
There are to be certain supervising mechanics*,
but the soldiers are to do the main part of the
work. They are to be posted there this spring.
The $5,000 which has been appropriated, will be
nothing towards, the construction of the work,
unless an additional sum be now appropriated.
There will be no general appropriation bill passed,
as Senators know, until August or September;
and unless we make the appropriation now, this
whole year will be lost; our own citizens on that
frontier will be exposed for one year more to the
depredations of these marauding savages, exas-
perated, as I have said, by the illegal conduct of
the Hudson's Bay Company on the other side of
the line.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the honorable
Senator can give us any assurance that the buffa-
loes will not be killed by our own settlers in that
quarter, I shall go with him. I would like to ask
the honorable Senator whether the murders, to
which he has alluded of white citizens and traders,
do not take place intermediately between the site
of this proposed fort and the settlements in Min-
nesota, south and cast of it?
Mr. STUART. That may happen of course;
but a fort and an armed force posted on the line
would be a protection, as the Senator knows, for
hundreds of miles.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I know it would.
It would prevent those individual murders that
take place on the lines of trade, between this
region and the denser settlements m the southern
and eastern paits of Minnesota. But I do not see
how it is possible to accomplish the objcct effec-
tually, unless we have a cordon of fortifications
on the line between the settlements in the lower
part of Minnesota and this place.
The idea of preventing the tinnecessary de-
struction of the buffalo is a good one. If we
could enact laws to establish that policy in refer-
ence to the buffalo ranges within our own domin-
ions, far away from the boundary of the territo-
ries of Great Britain, I think it would be a veiy
wise policy; because the buffalo is the source of
Indian subsistence, and whenever they are de-
stroyed, the Indians who have subsisted on them
must find other food. Starvation stares them in
the face, and rather than submit to it thoy rob
and minder. This has been a prolific source of
Indian disturbances. Therefore, 1 say, if that
idea of the Senator from Michigan were true, if
this measure would tend to preserve the buffalo
in the northwestern region against the wasteful
destruction of British hunters and others, I should
be willing to vote twice this sum to accomplish
the object; but I fear this measure will not nave
that effect.
Mr. HALE. I would content myself with ask-
ing for the yeas and nays; but I wish to make a
single suggestion. There is nothing which better
satisfies me that a measure is uncalled for than
the fact that various and contradictory reasons
are assigned for it. The honorable Senator who
proposes this amendment, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, says its objcct is
to meet the great military preparations of the
British m Canada. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] says it is to protect our white set-
tlers against the Indians, and also to protect the
buffaloes of the Indians from the Hudson's Bay
Company. These are three things, each perhaps
good in itself, but very different. The whole
project is wrong, in my humble judgment. We
do not want a fort there. Why, sir, what an idea
to erect a military post to protect the Indians ! In
regard to this point, 1 wish the members of the Sen-
ate would read a document which came from the
commissioner of Ind.an affairs to the Inst Con-
gress, m which Mr. Manypenny stated how the
Delaware Indians have been protected by the
United States forces which were sent to Kansas.
The fact was that the officers of the United States
Army were the only men of whom they were
afraia, and the only men from whom they suf-
fered. The only men of whom they complained
were the officers of the United States Army, who
were sent there for their protection ! The Secre-
tary of the Interior sent Commissioner Many-
penny to Kansas to find out what the difficulty
was. He came back and reported that some
Army officers ought to be dismissed from the ser-
vice, because the Indians were oppressed by the
men sent there to enforce our laws; and what
answer did he get? The President, instead of
doing anything to protect the Indians and calling
the Army to an account, sent an extra message
to Congress calling for four additional regiments
—and he got them. Was that taking care of the
Indians?
Sir, the Indians are always more the wronged
than the aggressors. If you desire to prevent In-
dian wars, treat them justly, but do not send the
army to them. The army will provoke aggres-
sions and stir up hostilities. The War Depart-
ment asked for $5,000 last Congress for this post,
and now call for $50,000, and would insist on
still more if they could spend it this year. The
only limit of their asking is their ability to spend.
Next year they can probably spend more. They
get $5,000 one year, $50,000 the next, and if it
goes on in the same ratio they will ask for
$500,000 the next year. I think the whole thing
is wrong. I will not occupy the time of the
Senate further. I wish simply to ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. There is no conflict what-
ever between the Senator from Michigan and my-
self. I presented this as a military question. I
said it was important on that frontier, in the
vicinity of a British military post, that we should
have a post at the present tune, and, in my judg-
ment, it ought to be a permanent post. I pre-
sented this proposition in a military point of
view, because I happen to be at the head of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and because [
feared that, if we should be involved in a war
with Great Britain, the English might do what
they have done in all the wars m which we
have been engaged with them—use our Indians
against ourselves. I think 1 can prove, by my
distinguished friend from Michigan. [Mr. Cass,]
that in all the wars which we have heretofore had
with Great Britain, they have used our Indians,
when in their power, as allies. I barely tlnew
out that suggestion in a military view. At the
same time that I seek to attain this military ob-
ject, my friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
says it will be a protection to settlers. Then' is
no conflict whatever between us. The estab-
lishment of the post will effect both objects—it
will give us protection in a military point of view,
and also give aid and encouragement to settlers
who go there. I do not wish to say anything
more, as I desire to have a vote on the amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. I should vote for this appro-
Eriation willingly in an ordinary appropriation
ill, or if the Secretary of War had recommended,
or even requested, that it should go into the
deficiency bill, as a case where there was neces-
sity for an immediate appropriation; but I can
find nothing of the kmd in his letter. He gives
an estimate, and he recommends that so much
money be appropriated for the purpose of con-
structing a military post, not yet commenced, but
he does not urge on us the necessity of putting it
into the deficiency bill. He does not state that
there arc any circumstances which require that
this appropriation should go out of the ordinary
course of legislation from one bill into another.
If that were so, I should be disposed to defer to
it. If any ground could be shown to me making
an immediate appropriation necessary for this
object, I would vote for it. 1 am prepared at any
time to vote for the protection of our western
frontiers, or any other part of the country, when
an appropriation is necessary; but I cannot vote
for it in this bill, unless those having charge of this
species of works intimate to me some reason why
it should be provided for in the deficiency bill.
Mr. CASS. I have been in the neighborhood
of this settlement. It is very remote—in a far-
off part of Minnesota. I suppose Pembina is
five hundred or six hundred miles from other set-
tlements. I was talking with the Delegate from
Minnesota a few minutes ago, and I undeistand
that the population there is about four thousand;
and there are, as my colleague has said, Indian
depredations committed on those people every
year. I have no doubt the establishment of a
post at this point will protect the settlers. It
always produces a moral effect on the Indians and
restrains them. I had at first some hesitation
about this measure; but after conversing with the
Delegate, and looking at the circumstances as
they exist, I shall vote for this appropriation.
These settlers are a portion of our population, and
they have a right to demand protection. I think
we can protect them in no other way than this.
I know it will be expensive. You cannot build
a post, and keep it up for a series of years, with-
out heavy expense, at apointto which you must
transport supplies from a distance of five hundred
or six hundred miles. The War Department has
called for it, and I do not see how you can afford
just protection to the settlers without it; and I
shall, therefore, vote for this proposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 regret
on any occasion to be compelled by my convic-
tions of duty to oppose the reports and recom-
mendations of committees which I so much re-
spect as the committee from which this reporthas
been made, by its chairman; and particularly when
supported by gentlemen of such long and wide
observation and experience in Indian hostilities
as my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] But,
sir, my convictions on this occasion are so clear
and dccided, that I should fail to do my duty if
I did not take the responsibility of expressing
my opposition to this appropriation. I cannot
see any necessity for it; but this may result from
some defect in my education.
Mr. President, I was born and reared in a
country which had to defend itself, and which
had not, at the period to which I allude, as many
as four thousand inhabitants, who now constitute
the actual number of settlers to be defended by
this fortification—no, sir, not near four thousand.
The honorable Senator from Michigan can bear
testimony from his knowledge of the West to this
fact. What were our fortifications, and what are
the fortifications that arc necessary in the inte-
rior? Are they fortifications built with the skill
and upon the plan of Vauban, and the great engi-
neers of the world ? Let me ask him—for he has
personal knowledge t.nd experience of the fact—
what did Fort Sandusky cost the United States,
that defended itself with one hundred men against
thousands of Indians and choice veteran British
troops ? Does he suppose it cost the United States
$5,000 ? I do not believe it cost the United States
one dollar. I believe it was put up in a few days
by the hands of the very men who were the gar-
rison; and with that slight protection there was
not the proudest Indian warrior, at the head of
all his troops, that would have dared to attack it.
They had to be led on by British regiments, who
attempted to storm it, and were bloodily repulsed.
That fort was made of trees split in two, and
suddenly placed side by side.
Now we are having fortresses built at a cost
of $50,000, not in any particular pass through
which an enemy must go, but upon a long line
of interior boundary! Sir, I cannot imagine a
more useless and idle plan of defense. It would
be the very mockery of defense—more calculated
to put the settlement off its guard than afford it
any real protection—more calculated to expose
the settlers to surprise and murderous attack,
than giving them any aid in time of danger. No,
sir; the men who made such settlements in the
doys of my youth, and when my opinions were
formed about these things, built their log cabins
with a view to their defense, and they had a
fortification which no Indians ever succeeded in
taking. They never cost this Government one
j dollar. They never cost one dollar to anybody,
i They cost but little additional labor besides that
■ which would have been necessary to build their
! own residences for shelter. The military char-
; ac-tcr of them did not cost anybody a dollar.
! They built their cabins together and built them m
| a circle in order to form their defense, and with
j perhaps a bttlc stockading around them. There
j is not a solitary instance where the Indians ever
| succeeded in taking one of these little trame
: defenses. A reliance on wooden walls is not a
proper spirit to be reared among our people. We
have grown too great for that. Let our enemies
take care of themselves: our people arc of a spirit
not to require such things. I would have them
