730
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[% li
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
mode of adjustment. That was simplyto take
this question out of Congress, and confide it to
people of the Territory—to submit it to their
judgment and their will. For one, 1 thought the
principle.*)) admirable one. It seemed to me that
it outfit to give entire satisfaction to the country,
and tliat it would have a salutary influence upon
our national relations—a principle so perfectly in
unison with our whole republican system of gov-
ernment, a mere recognition and extension to the
Territories of that vital principle of self-govern-
ment—a principle suited toall times, all occasions,
and all Territories, and as imperishable as our
mountains—no temporary Remedy, no arbitrary
rule, no perishable expedient, but simply litis,
that, as the people of a State can at all times settle
this question of domestic policy for themselves,
Congress will agree that the people of a Territory
shall have the same opportunity—that that power
which is to be complete and conclusive when the
people lx;come a Slate, should operate during the
territorial existence. Not onlv because it was
perfectly right in principle, but because 1 believed
it would be wise in practice, I preferred it to any
which had previously been practiced in the Gov-
ernment, or any other idea presented at the time
antagonistic to it. It seems to me that the rea-
soning upon the abstract beauties of this principle
ought to be conclusive. Nor should it be argued
that a single instance of difficulty is to destroy
the theory of the law, or satisfy the country that
it will not work well. We have had difficulties
in reference to our whole theory of government,
but we are not to abandon this republican system
on the first show of resistance or trouble. I trust
not; and so I feel in reference to this great prin-
ciple which I have no trouble in discovering,
however much my friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] may have.
The compromise measures of 1850, embracing
this principle, were accepted and sustained in all
sections and by nearly all parties. The principle
of non-intervention had been established by its
application to the Territories of Utah and New
Mexico, and even some of Louisiana Territory,
covered by act of 1820, was brought within this
new principle. The country seemed to regard
that mode of adjustment as a finality—a finality
as to the principle on which Territories were
thereafter to be organized.
In 1850, in the act for the organization of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, this principle
was recognized, and the preliminary steps for the
organization of a local government were adopted.
Governors and judges were appointed by the
President, who repaired to the Territories. In
Nebraska we have had peace and satisfaction; in
Kansas we have had strife and controversy and :
violence amounting almost to anarchy. In accord-
ance with the proclamation of Governor Reeder, 1
an election was held on the 30th of March, 1855,
for members of the Territorial Legislature; that
document prescribed all the election regulations,
and seemed to throw proper guards about the
ballot box. Seven districts out of the eighteen
were contested before the Governor, and writs
issued for new elections. New elections were
held, and other members elected; but when the
Legislature convened in April a majority decided
thai the Governor had no right to go behind.the
first returns, and they rejected the members last
elected, and substituted those elected at the first
election. This seemed to be the signal for a series
of conflicts between the Governor and the Legis-
lature. The Governor's proclamation wasagood
document, and called the attention of the Legis-
lature to topics of great and general interest. .
When the Legislature determined to remove the
seat of government from Pawnee to the Shawnee
Mission school, the Governor differed with them,
and held that they had forfeited their law-making
powers by moving from one point to another in
the Territory. It is not necessary for me to dis-
cuss this question. I simply remark that I have
always differed with the Governor on this point.
1 have regarded the right to change the seat of
government as perfectly clear, unless positively
interdicted. I could not see why Congress should
vest the Legislature with full power to legislate
forth* Territories on all rightful subjects, and yet
retain the right to designate the particular spot'
where that legislation should emanate. It would '
I be grasping the shadow after the substance had
j been yielded.
From this date the excitement and conflict have
steadily advanced. A portion of the people,
believing that the Legislature had not been legally
constituted, that the ballot-box had been usurpoif,
that the citizens of Missouri had usurped the
government, have refused obedience to the laws.
A convention of delegates was held atTopeka in
October laat, and & State constitution framed for
the purpose of asking admission into the Unjpn,
with the design of displacing as readily as pos-
sible the territorial government. Now, sir, I am
satisfied, from the examination I have given the
subject, that there was a good deal of wrong in
the management of the election of the 30th of
March. It is very clear that men voted there who
had no right to vote, and that the citizens of the
State of Missouri did interfere improperly, per-
haps to the extent of controlling results. But
what I wish to say is this: that I agree, after all,
with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
and others who have discussed this subject, that
the Legislature was, in form, legally constituted,
that its laws, therefore, whilst they exist, are
binding laws, and that they can only be vitiated
by the evidence of fraud, either in the election of
the members of the Legislature, or in the passage
of the laws.
It is not my purpose to look into the causes
of this unhappy state of society at length. It is
apparent to all, however, that they are largely
the consequence of outaideinterference—of undue
efforts to people the Territory with reference to
its policy on the slavery question. That this
fault has been mutual is also clear. I think the
emigrant aid societies, so far as they may have
looked to this purpose, and the citizens of Mis-
souri, are reprehensible. I think eastern fanatics
commenced the struggle, and that they have been
fully met at their own game. So far as the pulpit
has participated in this work, it is worthy of
unmeasured rebuke. Sharpe's rifles and Colt's
pistols are not the agents of a pure gospel; and
those reverend gentlemen who have advised the
emigrants to be armed with deadly weapons, have
a grave responsibility to bear. I trust they may
have no blood on their skirts.
But we are to look for a remedy, it seems to
me, without attempting to go behind the election
for members of the Legislature. I do not wish
to be understood as approving all the local laws.
There are many of them which I regard as un-
necessary, impolitic, and anti-Republican. They
are in conflict with the Constitution, and so far
as they interfere with the freedom of speech and
the liberty of the press, are null and void. I
have no idea that, under other circumstances,
such statutes would have been adopted; but they
are the natural fruits of the circumstances which
surrounded their adoption. '
In all probability, had the other side succeeded
in electing the Legislature, acting under the im-
pulses of a similar excitement, tney, too, would
have gone too far. They would have declared
it criminal to have advocated slavery.
But, sir, I am convinced that the circumstances
existing in that Territory, and the nature of the
excitement throughout the whole country, call
for a remedy—demand that Congress should take
some decisive action on the subject—that there
has been violence there, and such preparatory
movements are in progress outside of the Terri-
tory as are calculated to lead to further collision,
ana possibly a state of affairs which we shall
have occasion to regret, and witness with shame.
Now, sir, what are the remedies proposed ? I
have no hesitation in saying that 1 prefer that
last reported by the Committee on Territories. I
am not willing to vote for the admission of Kan-
sas as a State on the constitution which they
have sent here. I think that would be a serious
wrong—a wrong to our institutions. It would be
unjust to a large portion of the people of Kansas
who, adhering to the law of Congress, and the
local Government, refused to participate in the
convention that made the constitution at Topeka.
Besides, no ordinary circumstances, Mr. Pres-
ident, will justify a great Government like this in
the recognition of anything like revolution. We
have in this country quite too much proclivity
to that mode of Government. It has to some <
! become a subject of alarm. We have indications
j elsewhere of a disposition, on the part of the
masses, to take the laws and control them by
popular will, by town meetings, by conventions,
aim by vigilance committees. Just at this time, or
within a very short time since, the government
of Calitonua seems to have been in the hands of
a committee.
Whatever may be said as to the sentiments of
the people of Kansas on the subject of slavery—
however eloquent the appeals inay be for the ad-
mission of these people as a State under the To-
peka constitution, will any man pretend that their
movements are regular—tliat they are notin direct
conflict with the law? If Congress had taken no
preliminary steps—if there had existed no terri-
torial government, and this convention hail ema-
nated from the whole people, and they had come
here with a constitution, and asked admission,
the question would have been a different one.
Then it would have been aquestioti of expediency
and right, and not a question of countenancing a
revolutionary movement, made without law, but
against law, and in menace of the Government.
I shall, therefore, prefer the remedy presented
by the Senator from Georgia. 1 am inclined
' to prefer it to all oihers. I do not say that it is
perfect in all its details, and that I may not vote
to change some of them; but.1 prefer the main
idea of that bill, and it is this: to terminate im-
mediately all motive on the part of outsiders for
forcing population into the Territories for the
purpose of controlling its local policy on the ques-
tion of slavery. That strikes at the root of the
evil, the source of the danger, if there be any.
It is not so much the people who are legitimately
in Kansas, as bona fide citizens, we have to fear,
but it is the struggle on the outside, against which
we cannot close our eves: it has been made a
kind of battle-ground between the slavery and
anti-slavery feelings of the States. A vital object
of the bill is to terminate that struggle, ana to
say now, and at once, that' the people who are
in the Territory, the bona fide citizens, shall, at
least for the time being, settle the question of
slavery; and that they may meet in convention to
form a constitution, and be admitted into the
Union, provided that the constitution be a repub-
lican one.
. The bill in addition provides very fully for the
protection of the ballot-box. The votes under
that law, I take it, will be those of the citizens
of the Territory only. I have looked at its entire
machinery, ana think it is calculated to secure a-
free expression of the will of the people. Both
sides of this issue have said here and elsewhere,
that they ask nothing more. Both, too, in turn,
have claimed the ascendency there, and for one I
am willing that, under a bjil so well prepared,
they shall decide the question.
{ 1 will take occasion to remark, at this point,
that it has frequently occurred to me that both
parties have overrated the consequences of an in-
cipient decision in the State. What I mean is
this: that, although we witness a struggle as
though the decision on the question first made
wus to be final forever, I believe it is not'denied
by any one that a State can, at any time after-
wards, change the policy it may have adopted.
For instance, should Kansas come in as a slave
State, the people afterwards, if they think proper,
can abolish slavery, and no power on earth dare
interfere; so also, if they should come in as a free
State. Indeed,atany time thereafter, and forever
thereafter, that question of domestic policy is sub-
ject to their regulation. They can change it if
they please; ana itis evident, therefore, that there
is more feeling on the subject than is consistent
with the stake at issue.
I have myself no opinion to express as to \yhat
the decision of the people now in Kansas will be.
With my present impressions, were I there I
should vote against slavery. Whatever it may
be, for one I am content. I think it was Mr.
Webster who said that there was a law above the
law of Congress on this subject—the law of nature
had something to do with the extension of slavery
as well as the law of climate and soil. After all,
sir, whatever the people may do under peculiar
excitement, when sober reason is permitted to act,
they will treat this question as they treat all
i others—simply as one of policy and of justice. If
