1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. SEWARD. Oh no, sir, I said no such
'thing, and never thought any such thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. You have not based your
remarks in regard to that matter on this trans-
action, or treated one as having any connection
with the other in any way.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly not. What I stated
was this: It will be recollected that the honorable
Senator from Virginia complained that Massa-
chusetts took a course in regard to the difficulty
between Mr. Sumner and Mr. Brooks which was
calculated to convert what was a personal quarrel
into a public quarrel. In refuting that argument
of his, and explaining that it was not Massachu-
setts that was responsible for that, I said this
transaction was among those exciting the public
mind which had led to the effect of magnifying
public ideas of the character of the Brooks and
Sumner transaction.
Mr. JOHNSON. I may not have heard the
Senator distinctly. I drew his attention to this
matter in all sincerity and kindness, for the rea-
son that I do not wish to acquire that sort of
distinction which is to be won by any species of
violence or difficulty, neither to encourage it in
others, nor to have part in it myself; but, on the
contrary, if gentlemen can be induced to act with
propriety,'I hope it will be done, and I am de-
sirous to contribute all that I carl to this desirable
result. The Senator is one of the few who hare
seldom departed from the same rule of action
which 1 myself desire to observe. I have called
his attention to this matter in the kindest spirit;
but if I heard him distinctly, what he has just
said does not explain in any satisfactory manner
the expression to which I directed his attention,
but rather reaffirms it. This is the passage of his
remarks to which I called his attention: " At this
same session of the Congress of the United States
an editor of a newspaper had been assailed and
beaten down withoutsuflicientpreliminary notice
to prepare for defense." On the point of pre-
liminary notice, I should like to know what the
Senator would ask. We anticipate in my coun-
try—1 do not know what is the case in his—that
something is to follow when one gentleman calls
on another to hold him to account. My colleague
went without weapons, witli no expectation of
doing him any violence, but meant to show him
his resentment. I do not desire to aggravate
tilings, but, speaking in all sincerity, the language
of truth is necessary. He wished to show his
contempt for the author of the offensive article in
the paper; he cared nothing for the means, but he
did not intend to arm himself or use weapons,
and he did not do so. This was when they met
at the outset. When they afterwards met on the
avenue, it was a pure accident, entiiely unexpected
to my colleague.
As I have said, in my country, when any one
gives notice to another, " 1 shall call you lo ac-
count," " I shall hold you responsible," or " I
shall require of you satisfaction at such time and
place as may be named, or the next time we
meet," he means that it is an earnest matter, and
that weapons are to be used, and life is the stake '
that is up. Would the Senator, for a little matter
like this, have a notice of thirty days? If not,
would thirty hours, or one hour, be sufficient?
The meeting resulted in no damage to anybody.
I think the language of the Senator, in saying
that sufficient notice was not given, implies that
surprise was sought to be effected, or an unfair,
an ungentlemanly advantage sought to be taken.
Does the Senator think so? If so, I merely ask
him to avow it. Does he believe and mean to
say that my colleague sought an ungentlemanly
and dishonorable advantage in that little difficulty
or encounter? I cannot think the Senator so be-
lieves in his own heart.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
able gentleman, the colleague of the Senator from
Arkansas, is entirely unknown to me. I do not
knciw what he meant, or what he said, on the oc-
casion to which the Senator refers.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am known, and I give a
statement of his character.
Mr. SEWARD. I say your colleague in the
other House, not yourself is entirely unknown
to me. I do not know what he intended, or what
he premeditated, or what he thought. 1 have not
said what he intended, what he premeditated, or
what he thought. I have not assumed to speak
of any previous intention, or premeditation, or
thought of his on that occasion. What I have
said was, that the editor was assailed without pre-
vious notice sufficient to enable him to put him-
self in preparation for defense. The words do
not importa charge—which, certainly, I could not
make without more knowledge of Mr. Rust, and
of the circumstances of the transaction, than I had
when speaking yesterday, or have now—that he
had any intention, previous to meeting Mr. Gree-
ley, to assault him, or to surprise him. I dis-
claim any such charge, or even having thought
any such thing.
If the honorable Senator thinks, as I think is
very likely to be the fact, that the assault was
unpremeditated, unconceived beforehand, made
without any previous intention of purpose of vio-
lence, I have nothing to say to the contrary. The
character which he gives his colleague, and his
own admitted truth and honor,guaranty his state-
ment, and make it satisfactory to me. Butl must
say that I have not charged any premeditation or
intentional surprise. I have said only that the
editor was assailed. Thatis one point; the editor
was assailed. That is admitted to be true.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir
Mr. SEWARD. Then I have said further,
that he was assailed without sufficient preliminary
notice to enable him to put hinjpelf in preparation
for self-defense. I have stated, according to my
views, what would be sufficient preliminary notice
to enable a party who was to be assailed to put
himself on his defense. My idea of sufficient
notice is that notice which would give the other
party time and opportunity to arm himself, to the
same extent at least with the assailant, and to
expect, equally with the assailant, that he was to
be called to account m that extraordinary manner.
That is my judgment. I cannot change it. If
a different rule prevails elsewhere, and if others
do not adopt mine, I cannot help it. I can well
enough conceive that different rules prevail else-
where; but that would bo the rule which I would
adopt.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order having
arrived, it must he taken up unless otherwise di-
rected by the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I presume the Senate will
allow me to say a word or two. The Senator is
well aware, and the Senate knows, that I did not
wish to press a disagreeable subject, and never
do. It is not my habit; but I will allow no
Senator to treat one of my colleagues in the other
branch improperly, and do him damage, without
coming forward to defend and protect him. The
difficulty in which my colleague was engaged
was in no respect germane to the transaction
before the Senate when the Senator spoke. I do
not think, in times like these, such things should
be brought in unnecessarily.
Certainly, ho will do me the justice to say that
I have been, from the time I entered this body,
one of the freest from offendi-ng that the Senate
can produce. I have not sought to thrust myself
forward in these matters. The Senator has not
made, I think, so frank an explanation in this
matter as he might have done, without any incon-
sistency with himself. He is certainly a gentle-
man with whom I would seek no personal diffi-
culty under any terms, if it could be possibly
avoided, for he is not one who embarks in any-
thing of that sort. *
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is due to
the honorable Senator, from the earnestness and
sincerity with which he speaks, that I should
say——■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to continue this debate, as the hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to say a few words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I was going simply to say,
that the remarks 1 have made have shown to the
Senate, as I hope they will show to the honorable
Senator himself who introduced the subject with
so much kindness towards me, thatwhat I spoke
on that occasion did not warrant the inference
which the honorable Senator thinks is to bo drawn
from it, if I understand him correctly—which is,
that I imputed premeditated intention of surprise
to hia colleague. I deny, with all respect and
kindness, that this inference was warranted by
what I said in the debate yesterday. 1 do not
avow no\\(j^tm  than I said then. I know nothing
on that subject. Knowing nothing, I had never
a reason to make such a charge; and I do not now
make a charge which I never made before, and
which I have no grounds whatever to make.
Nay,more; since it is now presented in this ami-
cable manner, and with the explanations given,
I freely add, that I am satisfied no surprise was
meditated. I do this all the more readily because
my words are recorded already; and they imply
nothing more than that the attack was made
without what seems to me sufficient previous
notice. I charged nothing more, and, simply
by way of argument, stated the transaction as it
occurred. Whetli er the assault was made without
giving sufficient notice is a matter of opinion,
which must remain so. I do not know that I
need say more.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow, during the morning hour, I shall ask
the Senate to take up the Navy bill, with a yiew
of getting a vote on it if possible, or at all events
making it the special order until disposed of.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cdllom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following bills; which, on motion
of Mr. Stuart, were read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. G7) to establish two addi-
tional land districts in the Territory of Min-
nesota; and
A bill (H. R. No. 385) to explain the act ap-
proved 12th April, 1854, entitled " An act to estab-
lish additional land districts in the Territory of
Minnesota."
BARK TROPIC BIRD.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate to authorize the
issue of a register to the bark Tropic Bird, with
an amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate, although
the morning hour ha3 passed, to do me the favor
to take up that bill, and concur in the amend-
ment of the House. There is no important prin-
ciple involved in the bill. It is merely to grant
a register to an American vessel, ana will not
occupy a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 273) to authorize the issue of a regis-
ter to the bark Tropic Bird, which was to add
the following as an additional section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said bark
Tropic Bird be, and is hereby, exempted from the pdyment
of tonnage money to the United States from the time she
became American property.
The amendment was concurred in.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
has returned the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 152) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857. The point of disagreement between the
two Houses is as to the first amendment of the
Senate, which is so to amend the following
clause, " For salary of an interpreter to the mis-
sion to China, $2,500," as to make it read, " For
salary of an interpreter to the mission to China,
at the rate of $5,000 per annum, $5,000.99
Mr. MASON. I think it will be better that we
should insist on our amendment.
Mr. STUART. I believe that, since the amend-
ment was non-concurred in by the House, the
bill has not been referred to the Committee on
Finance. I think it would be better to refer it to
that committee, and to let them decide what action
shall be taken upon it. I move its reference to
the Committee on Financc.
The motion was agreed to.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask leave to present the
measure, of which I gave notice a few days since,
for the settlement of affairs in Kansas. I propose
to offer it as an amendment to the Kansas bill.
I ask that it may be received, and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
