1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
731
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
slavery is not adapted to that climate and soil it j
will not be retained. If it be adapted to it, and 1
the institution is once established,! agree that it i
will be likely to remain there. Of one thing I am ■
quite certain, and that is, that there is an exten- j
si ve area of unoccupied territory in the slave States
much better suitea to slave labor than Kansas. !
In a business point of view, our southern friends
estimate it too highly.
I have said I prefer this bill of the Senator from
Georgia. I like its details. I know it may be
suggested that it will not be effectual as a remedy,
that the people of Kansas wi^ not make & State
government, that they will rej™ t this proposition,
and then that this struggle which is so painful to
witness, so unpleasant to our country, so dam-
aging to our position in other countries, will con-
tinue. But I have no fears on this point.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
proposed a remedy without leaving anything to
the disposition of the people of tne Territory.
He proposes a revision of the statutes of Kan-
sas, and other measures which would seem to be
necessary to allay the excitement in the Territory.
The difficulties which have presented themselves
to my mind in connection with his measure are,
that it is the highest principle of congressional j
interference, if the laws of Kansas are to be treated
as laws at alii it is assuming to govern the Ter-
ritory in reference to its local policy; it assumes
the right to govern locally, ana one involving, to
my mind, an abandonment of the vital principles
of the law of 1850 and that of 1854.
I know, sir, that the right of Congress thus
to interfere can be placed on another ground. It
can be assumed, perhaps it can be proven, that
the organic law has not been justly administered,
and that it has been so far disregarded in the ad-
ministration of it, as to justify Congress, for that
reason, to interfere. But that is a very grave
assumption, in the absence of evidence. I have
already alluded to the circumstances surrounding
the election of the Legislature, and expressed my
views in reference to it. But before I can take
the position here as a Senator, that all the laws
of Kansas are intalid, because the Legislature
was not properly elected, I should be glad to have
recorded evidence of the fact. With that, I am
ready to annul all the objectionable or unauthor-
ized laws. So far as they are inconsistent with
the organic law and the Constitution, they should
be treated as of no effect.
I have no apprehensions as to the efficacy of this
bill. I believe it will produce the result for which
it is designed. _
I am aware,' sir, that it has been alleged, and
will be alleged again, that just at this particular
time more of the free-State party are out of the
Territory than of the pro-slavery men. Of that
fact 1 am unable to judge. But this I can say,
that both parties have uniformly claimed the as-
cendency; and, therefore, a fair proposition to test
this question, and settle it forever, ought to be
acceptable. As for those who are temporarily
out, provision can be made for their return.
There is one u npleasant feature abou t this meas-
ure to my mind; that is, the admission of a
State with so small a population. That aversion
does not arise so much as to this particular act,
as from the precedent which it will set, which
may be cited as authority in similar cases here-
after, under which very soon a new group of
States may ask admission.
There is another objection, sir, not exactly con-
nected with the whole nation, but with the people
of the Territory itself, and that is, that the bur-
dens of government will be very severe on so
small a population. But if some of the gentlemen
with whom I have recently conversed in regard
to that Territory, and the character of soil and
the opportunities be at all correct, they will very
soon nave a sufficient population, at least equal
to the ratio^of a member of Congress.
But the exigency evidently demands some such
measure. The public mind is agitated on this
question—deeply and bitterly agitated. There
are very many honest people who believe that
great wrongs are daily being perpetrated in Kan-
sas—that great wrongs are daily committed on
innocent parties. In deciding to go for this meas-
ure, I have not failed to notice the fact, that the
whole history of this question ahows that it has
been handled as one of expediency, policy, and
necessity. It has not been settled on any uniform
principles. Under the peculiar circumstances
which surrounded the country, the compromise
of 1820 was adopted. That was intended to
' relieve the excitement which then existed in the
1 country. In 1S50 we had a similar excitement;
i then a remedy entirely dissimilar to that of 1820
was adopted. That, as I have said before,looks
more like a fixed mode of settlement. Indeed, it
is a sound principle; and, as I trust we are to have
a long career of progress and prosperity under
the bonds of the Constitution so well considered,
I am anxious to see this principle triumphant, in
order that the country may settle down under the
impression, and the consoling belief, that this
question is taken out of partisan struggles, and
i out of congressional struggles, forever; and that
I the sovereign people of a Territory, in the enjoy-
I ment of their inalienable rights, and under that
j authority which Congress may confer, shall, at
1 all times, during a territorial existence, regulate
this subject as they please; and, in forming a
, State government, may recognize the institution,
or interdict it, as judgment may constrain them.
As for the'agitation on the general question of
slavery, I have not been able, for my part, Mr.
President, to discover in what way it is to im-
prove the condition of the colored race, or benefit
the country. Its tendencies are to evil and to
evil only. If it were our sole purpose to improve
the condition of the African race by the full use
of the constitutional power of Congress, I should
1 be at a loss to tell what to do. No man will pre-
tend that any one of the measures now pending
before Congress is intended to advance the con-
dition of the slave—to relieve whatever of oppres-
sion there ma]{ be in his condition. Sir, I claim
to be as humane as any man, and I have as little
; identity with slavery, and feel as anxious to ele-
] vate,dignify, and render happy any class of God's
race, but I do not believe 1 should improve the
i condition of the slave by ministering to agitation
! —by feeding the flames of fanaticism. The tend-
i ency has been, and probably will continue to be,
prejudicial. I have looked in vain for a prac-
tical or legal remedy at the hands of those who
are so constantly lamenting the evil. I am sure
it is not to be found in their propositions touch-
ing the affairs of Kansas. The interdiction of
slavery from that Territory is not to improve the
condition of the slave. The extent or character
of the institution is not to be measured by the area
over which it may spread, but by the number in
servitude. The extension of slavery is produced
by this number.
Nor will it be pretended that the condition of
the slave, is to be improved by restricting them
to a small space. Were I to vote against the ex-
tension of slavery into Kansas, it would be for
other reasons, but surely not on grounds of sym-
pathy for the slave. And yet, sir, you know and
I know that that great mass of people who are just
now so agitated on the question of extending
slavery into Kansas, are actuated by feelings of
sympathy for this unhappy race of people. When
they talk against the extension of slavery, they
have but little regard to what concerns the im-
provement of the physical condition of the
country, to the development of its resources, and
the production of the means of wealth, nor to
one of political power: they mean to lessen the
hardships of the slave; that is what they mean.
That is their objeet. And, sir, permit me to say
to you, that in this sentiment is found the ele-
ment of abolition or Republican power. Change
this impression amongst the mass of northern
people who sympathize at this time with the Re-
j publican party, and my word for it that party
will be powerless. Convinced that the measures
of the Republican party cannot elevate the con-
dition of the slave, and they will drop that party
at once. But suppose all constitutional difficulties
were removed. What, then, could be done ? What
remedy will be proposed ? Certainly it will not
be pretended that the southern people should
release their slaves and still take care of them.
Then what can be done with them ? Will they
be brought North ? Would the change improve
their condition ? Would they live better and hap-
pier? Would the mere change elevate them in
the scale of moral and political being? In what
way short of social and political equality is their
condition to be improved ? I confess, Mr. Pres-
ident, that I cannot answer these inquiries. The
kind of liberty they would have without change
of social ana political condition would be an
empty show—" the word of promise to the ear
to oe broken to the hope." The best idea of
what would be gained can be formed by looking
at the condition of the free blacks of the North—
a most helpless and unhappy race of people. I
do not think, as a general rule, the southern
slaves would improve their condition by a change
for that of the free blacks of the North. Those
in theNorth are nominally free, but theyare'con-
stant slaves to their fears, necessities, and anx-
ieties.
I was forcibly struck with the remarks of the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Evans] the
other day. After consulting Lander, Park, and
other authorities, he gave it as his opinion, that
there is probably no spot on the face of the earth
where an equal number of the descendants of
Africa live so well, and are so advanced in the
scale of civilization, as the three millions of slaved
in the South. That the African is in a worse con-
dition in his own country than in ours will not
be denied. They are mainly barbarians, with
scarcely the most vague ideas of civilization*
Like the Senator from Virginia, I cannot tell
why England was permitted to fasten the institu-
tion upon the colonies, nor why New England
should, for so long a time, have given it her coun-
tenance; but I do know that it was tolerated as
one of the compromises of the Constitution. I
know, too, that when independent parties make
a compact^ it is honesty and good faith to carry
it out; and also that the Constitution cannot be
maintained in part and disregarded in part; it
must be regarded as a whole, without which the
Union of the States could not last an hour.
A wide field has been presented by the Senator
from Kentucky, who preceded me, which I would
be very glad to occupy under any other circum-
stances; but it would not, perhaps, be befitting,
as connected with what I have said, nor would it
be in unison with the feelings of my heart at this
time. There are times when I am quite willing
to talk about m«re partisan questions. I maybe
willing to do so here. I might answer some of
the intimations of the Senator from Kentucky.
I could answer some of them in reference to the
Democratic candidate for the Presidency very
pointedly, and, I think, safely; but I will not
proceed with that topic. A man so well known
to the country; a man who has served so long
in the highest places in the nation, and at foreign
courts—whose career of forty years attests his
fitness for any place, and whose whole intercourse
in public and private life attests the purity of his
character; and who has ever shown himself able to
rise above the ordinary excitements and prejudices
which too fatally operate upon the hearts of weak-
minded men; who can consider unbiased the inter-
ests and rights of all sections of this country; who
will come into the office of President (for come
he will) free of prejudice, pledged only to the
principles of the Constitution, knowing no North,
orSouth, or East, or West, but the doctrines of
that well considered compact which has made us
a great people. And I beg to say to the Senator
from Kentucky, as he seems to be wandering at
present, he might as well take a good boat, a
safe boat, one that will lead him to pleasant quar-
ters; but he must take it quickly, for it will be
filled up soon.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. What was
the gentleman's remark*? I did not hear it.
Mr. BIGLER. Simply that the Senator from
Kentucky, if he wants to get into a fast boat, and
the great boat which will take him to triumph,
he had better get in immediately, for the boat
will be filled.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The Buch-
anan boat?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I am on
board of the other boat. I am in the Fillmore
crowd. But I will not interrupt the Senator.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, sir, be a little cautious
of breakers, for, if I have been rightly informed
about that boat, its keel is decidedly too low. It
will be a dangerous vessel to travel on.
