1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
in a different spirit; and, as far as my humble
voice could go, I would endeavor to inculcate
that different spirit. Wooden walls are no defense.
If we are going to defend our frontier by walls,
let us have a Chinese wall along the whole border
that divides Minnesota from the British posses-
sions. Who would propose that we should erect
a continuous wall like that of China? Well, sir,
suppose that even this great fortress of yours, to
be erected on this frontier at an expense which
I do not know how to estimate, shall be com-
pleted, will not the Indians be able to pass within
a mile of it without danger ? What protection
will it be ? It will not give protection beyond the
shadow that it will cast in the evening and in the
morning. They will come up to it; they will
seek it, if their purpose is murder, expecting to
have an opportunity of seeing some wanderer
about its walls who may be their victim. They
know little of Indian warfare who suppose it can
afford any protection against such an enemy as
the Indian, who can make his incursions suddenly,
by a stealthy march, out of the reach of the guns
of your fortress; and then he is safe.
Mr. President, I am firmly convinced that the
original natural mode of defense, such as was
adopted by the new settlements of the West in an
exposed condition, is sufficient in the present case.
It is exactly that system which the great West
has adopted from the beginning to the end. Ohio.,
Tennessee, Kentucky, all have pursued the same
method, and they have always succeeded. If their
defenses were taken in any instance, it was by
surprise. Indians do not attack fortifications,
however, freely. That is not their sort of war-
fare. Old Taylor defended the little wooden for-
tress of Fort Harrison with sixteen or seventeen
men, I believe, against five hundred Indians when
they dared to attack him; and that was the foun-
dation of his great military glory. It is better to
leave the settlers to depend 011 themselves. They
will be safer. That there will be some victims
must inevitably be the result of the vicinity of
hostile Indians, and no number of fortifications
that you can build will prevent it. If there were
any mode of insuring protection against this, per-
haps it would be worth any expense to do it; but
none will prevent it. Leave them, therefore, to
their original, natural means of defense, and you
will have in the husbands, and in the fathers,
whose families are sheltered together, the most
vigilant and best protectors on earth, the best and
most effective, and most unconquerable garrison
All is their own—those within are their wives
and children. Their fortresses are their houses;
and their houses, in truth, are their castles of de-
fense when built in this manner. I am sure there
is not a factl have stated here, which will not be
corroborated and confirmed by the experience of
my honorable friend from Michigan.
I regret to have felt myself called upon to occupy
one moment of the time of the Senate on this
occasion; but my convictions have been so clear
and strong that I could not resist the performance
of what I conceived to be my duty.
Mr. STUART. I have been very much inter-
ested, sir, in the manner in which the Senator
from Kentucky has depicted the former history
of this country, at a period when the Government
itself was poor, and when it was necessary that
the defense of the country should be left to the
brave hearts and the stout arms of the border
men. It is one of the most interesting periods in
the history of the world. Feats of bravery and
daring are recorded which excel, perhaps, those
of the history of any other people. But that was
the result of stern necessity. It was at a time
when the only defense to the country and to them-
selves was the kind of defense which they adopted.
Now the country has grown strong; it has grown
wealthy; it is able to protect its own citizens—
and shall a question be asked as to the number
of dollars which that protection is to cost? Shall
the Senate of the United States be told that there
is an individual whose life demands protection,
and that $50,000 is too much to pay for it? There
is not a Senator who would listen to such an argu-
ment for a moment.
I apprehend, therefore, it is a mistake to say
that what was true of necessity fifty years ago is
sound in policy to-day. In this case the facts
are before us. The representation of the Delegate
from the Territory of Minnesota has spread them
before us. They are in writing. Murders are
annually committed by these Indians. It is not
matter of opinion as to whether they will be com-
mitted or not. The Senator from Kentucky says
the effect of the establishment of the post would
be to invite aggressions rather than to furnish
protection. Sir, the aggressions arc at hand; the
murders are annually committed. It is no ques-
tion of effect; the result is upon us. Who knows
best as to the means of protection? Whs, ac-
cording to the institutions controlling this Gov-
ernment, is best authorized to speak—the War
Department, which has the supervision of our
military system of defense, or the Senate? I
speak now simply of the necessity of the post.
If we cannot rely on the War Department as to
the necessity of a military post, upon whom can
we rely? It is recommended; it is said to be
indispensably necessary. We are told that the
$5,000 heretofore appropriated for this object are
totally insufficient to do anything. One company
of troops is already ordered to this post: shall
they be sheltered and protected?
I will not detain the Senate in a general discus-
sion of this question. I endeavored to avoid it in
the outset, by stating, in the simplest possible
form, the facts in the case. So far as my vote
goes, whenever I am told by the proper depart-
ment that an expenditure is necessary in order to
protect the lives of my fellow-citizens, I shall
vote for it without asking its amount. Tell me
that there is an American citizen anywhere whose
life demands protection, and it will cost so many
millions of dollars to protect it, and I will vote
the amount. I was glad to see the whole power
of this Government brought to bear to protect an
individual (Koszta) in a foreign land. Wherever
a citizen of the United States exists, there should
the panoply of the Government protect him, and
whether it cost one dollar or a million, my vote
shall be given to throw around him that protec-
tion which is his right.
Now, sir, I cannot be misunderstood as inti-
mating that the Senator from Kentucky would not
do the same thing. I know he would. It is a
mere difference of opinion on the necessity of
this matter between that honorable Senator and
myself. For that necessity I rely on the report
of the War Department. The Secretary of War
says this sum will do it. The Delegate from Mm-
nesota, who has been in that country for years,
and traveled over this very same line more times
than he is years old, tells me that this expense is
necessary. As I have said, the fact that he can-
not be heard on this floor is an additional reason
why I support this amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman takes
occasion to place himself on a very gallant and
patriotic height in this debate; and it is some-
what by making me a Iftdder to climb to this pre-
eminence. If he is only told an American citizen
is in danger, he will vote for any sum of money.
I will not, sir; I must be given some reason forit;
I must be given some authority. It is not enough
that a hearsay should reach me. I must have
something more than the ipse dixit of somebody.
The gentleman may act on his ipse dixity but that
will be going down a long way from the patriot-
ism to which he aspires. I act on no man's ipse
dixit. I act on my judgment and conviction,
and I must have a reason; I must have a fact
and not a hearsay. I must have an opinion and
a reason for that opinion, because I desire to be
understood as acting here on opinions and on
convictions, based 011 a sense of duty. 1 can say
to the gentleman—as he has done me the honor
to presume what I would do—that I will go as fat-
as he, with hand and purse, to defend the life or
the blood or the honor of one of my countrymen,
when I can properly do so. He will not find me ;
behind him in that respect. But, sir, the question ji
is not who would do most or who would do least, ji
The question is, who shall do his duty here. I '|
intend to do mine as far as I can, with my humble i1
ability. ... I
The gentleman says this appropriation is rec- !;
ommended to us. Ah! that will not do; there ;
must be something more than recommendation.
For what purpose are we placed here ' One great |
and responsible duty which wo have to perform 1
is, to appropriate the public money; but, accord- '
ing to the gentleman'sdoctrine,ourgreatendand
duty is, to sanction the edicts which come to us— if
the Treasury demands, or demands upon the *1
Treasury. We have nothing to do but to register !>
the executive edicts and supply the Executive
with appropriations; and, it is argument enough
to say, that it is recommended! That is not
enough for me, sir. I must see and know some
fact, and I must be convinced that the interest of
the country requires a particular appropriation
before I vote for it. I will presume as much ia
favor of the officers of the Government as any
reasonable man ought to do; but when I have a
judgment to the contrary, the executive requisi-
tion upon me has no force and no power. I sh o'uld
deem myself a servile Senator if I yielded my
judgment and my sense of duty as to the interests
of my constituents to the dictates of any Execu-
tive Department. I have never done so, and I
trust that as long as I live I never shall do so.
My post is an unaspiring and an humble one,
but it shall be a free and independent one—free
as the wind ! It is not because I have any feel-
ing of hostility or opposition to protecting our cit-
izens that I oppose this proposition. God knows
I have no such feeling. My purpose is not to
gratify any such feeling or passion.
But, sir, in another particular I cannot permit
this question to be so discussed and misstated as
it has been. The gentleman's argument seems to
suppose that this fort, if built, will protect the
settlers, and will prevent further massacres by
the Indians on this whole frontier. I do not be-
lieve in his remedy, and I therefore do not choose
to take it. I do not believe it will have any such
effect. I think I know as much about it as the
honorable gentleman, and I know as much about
the history of defense against Indians. I has
been a domestic history with me all my lifetime.
I do not believe this fort will afford protection to
a human being but those who may be in the gar-
rison. When the settlers keep their own gar-
risons, when the husband stands sentinel over his
wife, and the father over his child, then I have
confidence, sustained by all experience, that it is
the best defense in the world. It is in such a
position that that natural vigilance and that manly
fortitude is inspired, which is a certain and a sure
protection, more than all your money can give.
That is my faith; that is my belief. I do not
believe in this remedy. I would vote money, and
would not count it if I knew that it would save
lives; but believing that it cannot and will not do
this, I will not give the money, and expose the
people in false security to surprise and attack.
This is my view of the subject, and upon this
view I shall vote against the proposed appropria-
tion. I consider it a mere mockery, a mere
shadow of defense—nothing more—and it will
not relieve or protect the people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I intend
to vote against this amendment, but not for the
reason that I deem it inappropriate to this bill,
because if I believed it was absolutely necessary,
and neccssary to be appropriated at once for any
valuable purpose, I could get over that difficulty
as easily as I did in the former case; but I shall
vote against it principally for the reason suggest-
ed in its favor by the Senator who introduced it.
He presented it to us as a proposition founded on
an apprehension or a possibility of difficulties
with Great Britain. I have not the slightest be-
lief in the world that any such difficulties can
grow out of the existing state of things, unless
by our fault and our folly. There is no reason
to suppose (because there is no foundation on
which any such idea can be built) that hostilities
will be commenced against us; and if we conduct
ourselves with any reasonable prudence and with
any regard for the peace and welfare of the coun-
try, no such hostilities are to be in any measure
apprehended. Therefore I cannot give my support
to any proposition, at the present time, founded
on the idea that out of the existing state of things,
or anything likely to take place soon, there is a
probability of hostilities with Great Britain, and,
consequently, difficulties with the Indians on our
border. It is a false and unfounded supposition,
ill my judgment, and the Senate ought not to give
any countenance to it whatever.
Again, sir, leaving that point out of the ques-
tion, I believe that if any protection is needed at
this place, even for the purpose stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] the
appropriation alreadymadc isamplysufficient. It
seems to be a singular idea to think of establish-
ing a regular fortification at that place, merely for
the reason that there is a settlement there.
