739
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
34th Cong...^st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The reason
•whv I sot on board of it was because, between
the Blai-k Republicans on the one side, awl the
Democrats on the other, I thought it would run
between Seylla and Charybdis more safely than
any other.
Mr. BK3LER. I hare given a promise not to
go ofT into partisan questions at tnis time. If it
were not for that, it would afford me a good deal
of pleasure to take the bottom out of the gentle-
man 's boat—to strip his platform. His affinities
were very distinctly indicated. If I understand
him.rightly, he despises a party that seeks to
encroach upon the rights of sovereign States, and
embraces that which assails the rights, civil and
religious, of private citizens. He discards a party
that laments the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, because of their reverence for compacts and
good faith, and eagerly embraces a party that is
pledged to violate the compacts of the Constitu-
tion and laws, which protect private rights and
privileges. Why, sir, there is not, after all, such
a striking dissimilarity between the parly the
Senator discards and the one he embraces; both
are for contravening the Constitution and the
laws.
1 trust, sir, I have made myself understood on
the main point of the bill under consideration,
which was my only purpose, and I rose, there-
fore, without preparation. I havegreat confidence
in the bill under consideration, and feel like con-
gratulating the Senate and the country on the
introduction of a measure of peace and goodwill
to the nation. I hope it may receive the sanction
of Congress, and accomplish the end so much
desired—the restoration of peace and quiet in
Kansas and in the country generally.
THE ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN ALLISON,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 11,1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select committee to
investigate the alleged assault on Senator Scmher by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. ALLISON said: It is not my purpose, Mr.
Speaker, to occupy a great deal of time in what
I have to say upon this subject. I shall try to
narrow it down as much as possible, and to pre-
sent it in the smallest possible compass.
Before, however, I enter upon my argument,
I feel called upon to notice a remark made by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.Oi.ingman,]
who opened this discussion. I understood him
to say that when he first came to this House the
Senate was an orderly and dignified body, until
four or five Abolitionists, as he was pleased to
call them, entered into the Senate of tne United
States; and we are to infer, I suppose, that the
entrance into the Senate of those who held to the
opinion that there should be no extension of
slavery was the cause of all the difficulties that
have arisen thus, and agitated the country during
the last five or six years. Now, sir, I think it is
due to the Senators to whom the gentleman
alluded, and to the States which they represent,
that the facts should be understood by the pedple.
I believe, air, if my recollection serves me, that
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
•who is distinguished not more for his eminent I
ability than he has ever been for the courteous
deportment that has characterized his senatorial >
life, entered upon the duties that he was called
upon to discharge by that great State, in the fall
of 1849, at a time when the country was agitated |
on account of the disposition of territory acquired
by the war with Mexico. The question of sla- ;
very was incidental to the disposition of that ter-
ritory. It was brought up of necessity, and the 1
Senator from New York shortly after entering
upon the duties of his office, felt called upon to
resist the effort that was then being made to ex-
tend slavery over the territories that we had ac-
quired. Every gentleman present will remember
with whatinterest those discussions were listened
to and read throughout the country, and they
will remember that very great excitement was
produced by those discussions
The gentleman from New York to whom I
allude delivered a speech of signal ability, which
thrilled the country, defining his position, and
sustaining the views and principles of the people
that he represented. That speech was not received
by some Senators with the approbation that had
been accorded to many other speeches that had
been made in which different ground had been
taken. A very distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, now in his grave, felt called upon to
notice that speech, and to notice the Senator who
made it, and to notice him in such a way as was
calculated to injure and affect a gentleman newly
entering upon such a theater. After the debate
had progressed for some time, there was a prop-
osition to raise a committee of thirteen for the pur-
pose of submitting a plan by which peace should
be restored to the country and quiet throughout
the land. It was discussed for some time. A good
deal of acrimony and bitterness was aroused; and
a Senator IVom Mississippi, Mr. Foote, now a
resident of California, participated in the discus-
sion, and was very active in using his influence
to induce the Senate to appoint the committee.
At one point, in speaking of the probable result
of that effort, he said that he thought, upon con-
sultation with various members of the Senate,
; that that proposition would be acceded to, and
I that the committee would be raised. Mr. Cal-
i houn, to whom I allude, said that he had not
i consulted with the Senators:
" Mr. Foote, of Mississippi. I am on good terms with
everybody.
" Mr. Calhoun. I am not. I will not be oil good terms
with those who wish to cut my throat. The honorable Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Seward] justifies the North in
treachery. J am not to hold social intercourse with such
as these.
" Mr. Foots. I think he [Mr. 8ewakb] will have to be
given up.
" Mr. Calhoun. I recognize them as Senators, say good
morning, and shake hands with them; but that is the extent
of mr intercourse with those who I think are endangering
the Union."—Senate yroceadingt, March 15,1830. Con-
gretiontl Gioie,vol. 1,pari 1,1849->5Q.
That was the first attempt to break down a
Senator because he entertained the opinion that
slavery ought not to be extended over the Terri-
tories of the country. All the power and weight
of this distinguished man was thus brought to
bear upon a new member entering upon his duties.
I shall not comment upon these things. I merely
state matters of fact. Things progressed in this
way, and these efforts were made to proscribe
and break down a member. After the election
of Mr. Pierce to the Presidency—called to that
, high office by twenty-Seven out of the thirty-one
j States—his party were flushed with victory, and
i confident that they had the reins of Government
; in their hands for all time to come. What, then,
; was the conduct of the Senators representing that
. great party?
In tne Senate at that time, we find, with Mr.
Sewakd, Mr. Chase, who is now Governor of
i the third State in the Union. By his side we
find Mr. Hale, who represents the State from
which the President was taken, and we find
Charles Sumner, from Massachusetts. What
was the conduct of the Senate toward these gen-
tlemen? In the second session of the Thirty-
Second Congress, the committees were arranged
! by the majority, and announced by the President
I of the Senate—the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
! Bright]—on being questioned by Mr. Hale, as
! to the composition of the committees, stated in
. reply, " I believe that the gentleman [Mr. Hale]
is not on any committee, for the reason that we
[the Democratic party in the Senate of the United
' States] considered him outside of any healthy
political organization known to the country. '
: That was the reply to the inquiry made by a Sen-
ator representing the State of New Hampshire,
when, on looking over the list of committees, he
saw that his name was not on any.
Look a little further, and you will find that the
treat State of Ohio was proscribed by the Senate,
ecause the people of Ohio saw proper in their
wisdom to send to the Senate of the United States
a man who believes that slavery should not be
extended over the Territories of the country.
He was proscribed by the Senate of the United
States, and was told that, because he entertained
these opinions, he was not worthy to act on the
committees of the Senate.
So, also, was treated the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, Mr. Sumner. He had no
place on any committee at that time.
These men were proscribed by the party in
power because they were in favor of freedom and
against slavery. Will gentlemen deny that that
was the cause ? The very language.of Mr. Bright
while acting for the party shows* that that was
the cause. Then here we find the voice of Ohio,
of New Hampshire, and of Massachusetts—so
far as relates to th^prepartition of business in the
United States Senate—silenced by the majority,
because their representatives entertained opinions
not in accordance with the opinions of the major-
ity. A greater wrong than that never was com-
mitted by a political party of this country. Has
it come to this, Mr. Speaker, that because the
free States of this country will take upon them-
selves to send men to the Senate of tne United
States to represent the interests of freedom, they
are to be proscribed ?
We are told by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Clingman,] that because of this are
all the evils which are upon us; that because the
people of the free States see proper to send men
here to represent freedom, the evils which have
since characterized the legislation of the country
are to be attributed to that fact.
Now, do gentlemen from the South wonder
why it is that the people of the North have be-
come aroused? Do they wonder why it is that
there is agitation in the country, when their .Sen-
ators are proscribed and denied the position to
which the interests and constitutional rights of
their States entitle them in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, because of the opinions of the people
whom they represent? Do gentlemen wonder
that the people of the free States shall become
roused, and that there should be excitement
throughout the country ? I tell you, gentlemen,
that that is owing to your acts. I have sat here
when " Sleepy Hollow" would hold all the men
here who were not afraid to acknowledge that
they Vere in favor of freedoirf. I have been here
when this little circle here would hold all the men
who dared to rise and say they were Opposed to
the extension of slavery. How is it now ? Look at
these seats now filled by the friends of freedom.
Ah, gentlemen, by your proscription you have
aroused excitement. It cannot be allayed until
justice has been done. If justice is not done, it
cannot be allayed until you stupefy the people of
the free States, and make them forget their love of
liberty; and that cannot be done so long as the
sun shines in the heavens. They are contending
for right: they are contending for their consti-
tutional rights.
But gentlemen from the South take the Consti-
tution and say they will interpret it.- They will
tell us it means this and means that, but it never
means freedom at all—always means the protec-
tion, the encouragement, the extension, the build-
ing up of that great interest which has heretofore
controlled, ana which still strives to control, the
legislation of the country. And yet we are told
that we are the aggressors—that we are the agi-
tators—that we are the men to be hunted down.
Why? Because we see proper to come here to
assert our rights—to say that the Senate of the
United States is a theater on which the Senators
from the free States shall be permitted to have
free action and free speech—that they are not to
be proscribed by a chairman representing the great
Democratic party—that because the people see
proper to send them there to represent free prin-
ciples, their voices are not to be hushed. It is on
this account that the excitement has been ereated
throughout the country. And I say to gentlemen
with all candor, and having no desire to add to
the excitement, that they must do justice if they
wish to see this excitement suppressed. It is not
fbr them to get up here, and to tell us that it is
because there are four or five gentlemen whom
they call Abolitionists in the Senate. Justice is
"not to be met in that way; and quiet and peace
are not to be given to the country in that way.
' Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been diverted from
my original plan of argument. I did not design
to say a word on this subject further than to
I present an argument upon the question immedi-
