APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United, States.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by such
grant, shall remain to the United States, within
six miles on each side of each of said roads, shall
not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold; nor shall any
of said lands become subject to private entry until
the same have been first offered at public sale at
the increased price.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be sub-
ject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof, for
the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the said
railroads shall and remain public highways for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge upon the transpor-
tation of any property or troops of the United
States.
Sec. 4. Andbe it farther enaclad, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
by said State only in manner following, that is to
say: That a quantity of land not exceeding one
hundred and twenty sections for each of said
roads and included within a continuous length of
twenty miles of each of said roads, may be sold;
and when the Governor of said State shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior that any twenty
continuous miles of any of said roads is comple-
ted, then another quantity of land hereby granted,
not to exceed one hundred aiud twenty sections
for each of said roads having twenty continuous
miles completed as aforesaid, and included within
a continuous length of twenty miles of each of
such roads, may be sold; and so fiom time to time
until said roads are compleled; and if any of said
roads is not completed within ten years, no further
sales shall be made, and ihc lands unsold shall
revert to the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States mail shall be transported over said roads,
under the direction of the Post Office Department,
* at such price as Congress may by law direct: j
Provided, That until such price is fixed by law,
the Postmaster General shall have the power to
determine the same.
Approved, June 3,1856.
have arisen since said acts were passed, or which
were omitted to be acted upon under either of
said a£ts, as well as to all cases of a similar kind
which may hereafter occur, and shall be regarded
as applying to locations under bounty land war-
rants, as well as to ordinary entries or sales, and
to all other preemption cases or locations where
the law has been substantially complied with,
and the error or informality has arisen from igno-
rance, accident, or mistake, and is satisfactorily
explained, and where the rights of no other
claimant or preemptor will be prejudiced, or where
there is no adverse claim.
Approved, June 26, 1856.
Public, XXVflf.—An Art la change the place, of
holding the Courts of the United States in the Dis-
trict of Delaware.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Jlousc of liipn-
sentutlves of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the eouiNof the United States m
and for the district of Delaware shall hereafter he
held at the city of Wilmington, in the x.ud dis-
trict, and the offices of the clerks of the circuit and
district court for said district, and the records of
said courts shall be kept in the said city of Wil-
mington.
She. 2. And be it farther enacted, That no pro-
cess issued, or proceedings pending, in either of
the said courts, shall be avoided or impaired by
this change of the place of holding the said courts;
but all process, bail-bonds, or recognizances re-
turnable at the next term of either of the said
courts, shall be returnable and returned to the
term of said courts respectively, next held accord-
ing to this act, in the same manner as if so made
returnable on the face thereof, and shall have full
effect accordingly; and all continuances may he
made to confoim to the provisions of this act.
Approved, June J4, 1856.
Public, XXX.—An Act changing the Time of hold-
ingthe District Court of the United States at Withe-
ville, in the Western District of Virginia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That instead of the times now pre-
scribed by law for holding the courts of the Uni-
ted States, in the western district of Virginia, the
said courts shall hereafter be held annually, at
Clarksburg, on the twenty-fourth days of March
and August; at Wheeling on the sixth days of
April and September; at Charleston on the nine-
teenth days of April and September; at Staunton
on the first days of May and October; and at
Withe court-hou.se, on the fourth Mondays of
May and October; and that all suits, actions, and
proceedings of whatever kind, now depending in,
or r< turnabic to said < onrts respectively, shall be
taken to be continued or returnable to the terms
herein established.
Sr.c. 2. And be It further enacted, That the term
of the circuit court of the United States shall be
hohlen annually at Lewisburg, in the said west-
ern district, of Virginia, commencing as now, on
the first Monday of August.
Skc. 13. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall be in force from and after the passage
thereof.
Approved, June 26, 185G.
Public, XXIX.—An Act to revive and continue in
force the jirovisions of the Act of 1853, in relation
to 44 Suspended Enh ies of Public Lands," and the
Act of 1846, in relation to <kSuspended Pre-
emption Land Claims."
Be it enacted by tlie Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Unifed States of America in Congress
assembled, That the several provisions of the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, in relation to c< suspended entries of
public lands," and the several provisions of the
act approved August third, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, m relation to " suspended preemption
land claims," be, and the same are hereby,
revived and continued in force, and those pro-
visions are hereby declared to be applicable to
all cases of suspended entries and locations which
Public, XXXI.—An Act to change the Times of
holding the United States Courts in Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assimblcdf That, instead of the times now fixed
by law, the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the several districts in Tennes-
see shall hejeeifterbeheld.it the following tunes,
to wit: at Jackson on the fiist Mondays in April
and October; at Nashville on the third Mondays
m April and October; and at Knoxville on the third
Mondays m May and fourth Mondays in Novem-
ber; and all writs, processes, recognizances, and
other proceedings, shall be returnable to the said
times, and shall be heard and tiied accordingly.
But :1ns act shall not take ellectuntil the next tenn
of said eouits after the passage of this act in the
said divisions ^hall be held.
Approved, July 3, 1856.
and conveyed, shall be permitted to enter the
same at the proper land office of the United States,
at the price of one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre: Provided, Thatin all cases where entries
of such lands have been permitted to be made at
the proper United States land office, at one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre, by persons who
had purchased the same from the State of Mis-
souri, or their assignees, such entries or sales
shall be, and the same are hereby, confirmed:
Provided further, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed so as to interfere with
the rights of third parties.
Approved, July 3, 1856.
Public, XXXII.—An Act granting to certain Citi-
zens of the State of Missouri the right to enter
certain Lands in the Ptatt^burg District, in said
State.
Whereas, the State of Missouri, under the pro-
vinous of the eighth section of the act of Con-
gress of the fourth September, eighteen hundred
and forty-one,selected certain lands in the Platts-
buig district, in the stud State of Afissouri, which
lands were thereupon withheld from sale by the
United States; and whereas, the said State of
Missouri permitted entries thereof to be made at
the State land office; and whereas, also, the said
selections by the State of Missouri were subse-
quently rejected and not confirmed to the said
State; now, therefore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in all cases where persons pur-
chased such lands from the said State of Mis-
souri, by entry at the State land office, the title
to which lands is still in the United States, such
persons so having purchased the same, or their
assignees, m case the same shall have been sold
Public, XXXIII.—An Act to remove Obstructions
to Navigation in the Mouth of the Mississippi
Ricer, at the Southwest Pass and Pass a I9Outre.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the opening and keeping open
ship channels of sufficient capacity to accommo-
date the wants of commerce through the South-
west Pass and Pass a l'Outre, leading from tho
Mississippi river into the Gulf of Mexico, the
sum of three hundred and thirty thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, and to be expended under
the superintendence of the Secretary of War.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretin y of War to apply said
moneys to the opening and keeping open of the
aforesaid ship channel, by contract, and at an
early day in the next session of Congress to
; report the progress of the work, the amount
| necessary to complete it, and an estimate of the
annual cost of keeping said channels open; and
any contract made shall be limited to the amount
hereby appropriated.
In the Senate of the United States, July 7,
1856.
The President of the United States having re-
turned to the Senate, in which it originated, the
bill entitled " An act to remove obstructions to
navigation in the mouth of the Mississippi river,
at the Southwest Pass and the Pass a l'Outre,"
with his objections thereto, the Senate proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: ASBURY DICK1NS,
Secretary of the Senate.
In tiie House of Representatives op the
United States, July 8, 1856.
The House of Representatives having been no-
tified by the Senate that the bill entitled " An act
to remove obs ructions to navigation in the mouth
of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass
and the Pass a rOuti-e^ had been returned by
the Piesident, with his objections, to the Senate,
in which it originated, and that the Senatc'having
proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the same, had " Resolved^ That the
said bill do pass, two thirds of the Senate agree-
ing to pass the same;" the House of Represent-
atives proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion, to reconsider the said bill, and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to pass
the same
Attest: WILLIAM CULLOM,
Clerk House Representatives.
Public, XXXIV.—Jin Actmaking an appropriation
for deepening the Channel over the Flats of the St.
Mary's River, in the Slate of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, the sum of one hundred thou-
sand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated towards deepening the channel of the
St. Mary's river, in the State of Michigan, by
the west channel through Lake George, according
to the estimate of Captain Macomb, of the topo-
graphical corps, communicated to the Senate in.
