1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
738
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner-—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
ately before us. I wish to approach the matter,
as the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Foster]
said he approached it yesterday—with calmness,
and without bias or prejudice; with a desire to
do justice, and to investigate the matter with all
the candor which I am capable of. I was thrown
from my line of argument by the remarks of the !
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
mav,] which I thought required an answer to be |
made, and I have made it. 1 do not see in his ' j
seat the gentleman from Georgia who last ad-1
dressed the House, [Mr. Foster.] I reciprocate
the kind feelings which he expressed, and the de-
sire which he evinced that there should be noth-
ing done here to add to the excitement of the
country, or which would influence us in such a
degree as to warp our judgment on this subject.
The gentleman, before he closed his speech, told
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to go
to the South and witness some of the scenes
which he had witnessed. I was pleased with the
manner in which he spoke of the dying scenes
which he had witnessed among the slaves of the
South—how they rejoiced, and how they thanked
their God for slavery—and how they passed off
with hallelujahs upon their lips. I rejoiced that,
although these men were bound down by oppres-
sion, there was that which was calculated to lift
them above the trials to which their circumstances
subject them; and that, when their shackles
should fall off, their liberated spirits would wing
their flight to that country where oppression and
manacles are not known.
I thought that gentleman, instead of adminis-
tering his rebuke to my friend from Ohio, should
have turned around to the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and advised him to
receive the teachings of that gospel which he
preaches, the teachings of that gospel which lib-
erates the souls of the slaves and makes them
happy, and had said to the gentleman from North
Carolina that that gospel has power to allay the
wildest passions of men, and do away with the
necessity of that personal chastisemenrwhich the
gentleman from North Carolina thought was alone
capable of producing that orderly conduct and
dignified deportment, which are necessary for a
legislative assembly. That would have been a
more pleasing exhortation to me than the reason
given why the slaves were made happy. It was
, the gospel, and not slavery, which made the souls
of the poor enslaved men rejoice; itwasthegospel
which qualified him for a happy state, a/id enabled
him to count his present afflictions light in view of
an eternity of glory; and that same gospel would
qualify, us all to discharge our duties better.
If the gentleman from Georgia hadadministered
fiome such lecture, it would have been appropriate,
and we all would have received it from him in
food temper, and with becoming thankfulness,
ecause it is true, and that that is what is wanted
among men. And it is because the teachings of
this gospel, which can make even slaves happy,
is so much disregarded by men in the various
positions in society, and in the legislative halls,
that we have to enforce the proprieties and decen-
cies of life bv penal laws. I stand here as the
advocate of that higher law which, if universally
obeyed, would better qualify men for all stations
in life, whether humble or exalted.
I desire now to say a few words upon the
subject more immediately before the House. I
consider it one of great importance, not so much
on account of the personal bearings of the ques-
tion as on account of the importance of the prin-
ciples involved. We have before us two reports
from the committee appointed to investigate the
subject, but there appears to be no difference as
to the main facts of the case. That an assault was
made upon Senator Sumner, on the 23d June,
while sitting at his desk in the Senate Chamber,
shortly after the Senate had adjourned, by P.
S. Brooks, a member of this House, for words
spoken in debate by the Senator, is not disputed.
But the majority and minority do not arrive
at the same conclusion. The majority recom-
mend one course of action; the minority recom-
mend no action at all, for the reason " that the
assault upon Senator Sumner was not a breach
of privilege," and that the " House has no juris-
diction over the assault alleged to have been
committed, and therefore lews it improper to
express any opinion upon the subject." After
reading the report of the minority with some
care, I must say that, in my opinion, they have
failed to sustain the position which they have
taken—that is, " that it is no breach of privilege,
and that the House has no jurisdiction." The
necessity of immunity from personal responsi-
bility of the members of the Senate and House
for words spoken in debate, was fully appreci-
ated and provided for by the framers of the Con-
stitution, so far as it could be—leaving to the
highest legislative body known to the country
the discretionary power which every legislative
body must have for its preservation and protec-
tion. By article first, section six, they are ex-
empt from arrest in all cases except for treason,
felony, and breach of the peace, during the ses-
sion of Congress, and going to and returning
from Congress; and, for any speech in either
House, they " shall not be questioned in any
other place." This last clause is said by some
to refer to legal responsibility, and that it was
not designed to meet cases of personal responsi-
bility, and to clothe the members with absolute
immunity, as is contended for by others. It
strikes me as being designed to cover both classes
of cases, and clothes the two Houses with that
immunity called "privilege."
But were there no such passage in the Consti-
tution at all, I claim that we have the power to
vindicate the freedom of speech, and the immunity
of members of either House from personal re-
sponsibility. If we have not the power to pro-
tect the rights and privileges of the members of
the Senate and House, then are we in a deplora-
ble condition indeed. Clothed with all power to
legislate for this great country, and yet impotent
to vindicate a right essentially necessary to in-
dependent legislation—that .of free speech: this
would be an anomaly. Wehave an inherent right,
arising from the necessity of self-preservation and
protection, to be exercised as occasion may re-
quire, at the discretion of the House. It cannot
be fully defined, but must be equal to the object
which would call forth its exercise in the protec-
tion and vindication, of the rights and privileges
of this House. The minority agree that a law
might be passed defining the privileges of the
House, and of the Senate, and providing-for the
punishment of those who might violate them, but
deny us the power to do so without such a law.
A law enacted by Congress, defining the privi-
leges of the two Houses, and providing for their
protection or vindication would, of course, lodge
that power with the courts, and we would thereby
part with it; because every one prosecuted under
the law would have the constitutional right to
demand a trial by jury. Such a law could only
emanate from Congress, and any one will see the
impossibility of providing for all cases of breaches
of privilege, or of defining them, in such a way
as to safely lodge their vindication in the courts.
Mr. McDuffie, in May, 1828, in his celebrated
report in the Russel Jarvis case, says:
" The power in question grows out of tbe great law of
self-preservation; it is, no doubt, very liable to abuse, and
ought always to be exercised with great moderation. In its
very nature it is not susceptible either of precise defini-
tion or precise limitation. Each particular instance of its
exercise must be adapted to tbe emergency which calls
for it."
Here we havt^a clear and express recognition
of the power in the two Houses, as being neces-
sary to self-preservation, one of the higher laws
recognized in all the departments ana circum-
stances of life. The House and Senate could
not safely part with this power, so necessary to
the vindication of their rights and privileges,
without becoming demoralized.
The general argument urged by the minority
of the committee, that the House ought not to
decide the questions arising out of its privileges,
and the kind and measure of punishment'for the
breach or violation of them, because it would be
a dangerous assumption of power over the liberty
of the citizen, is not well founded. Suppose you
submitted this ease under a law which would
meet the case, who would be the triers? Twelve
citizens who would alike be interested in the vin-
dication of the laws, and also interested in.pro-
tecting the liberty of the citizen. Who are the
triers here? Some two hundred and thirty mem-
bers—jurors if you please—all alike interested
in the vindication, not only of the privileges of
the House, but also of the rights of each indi-
vidual member of the House. In both cases
power may possibly be abused; and the same
argument may, with the same force, be urged
against the exercise of power in all human af-
fairs. But is there greater liability to abuse of
power in the vindication of its privileges by the
House, against a member who is the offender,
than there would be by a jury, were it possible
to refer it to such a tribunal? I think not.
Having, as I conceive, ample power to vindi-
cate the privileges of the House, and to punish its
members who may violate them, the next ques-
tion for our decision is, whether Mr. Brooks, in
assaulting Senator Sumner while sitting at his
desk in the Senate Chamber, did violate the
privileges of the Senate, as complained of by
resolution of the Senate transmitted to this House;
and whether it is such an offense against good
order as requires action on the part of this House ?
Gentlemen of the minority of the committee argue
this question as if it had but one aspect or bear-
ing, and that arising out of the personal wrong
done the Senator who was assaulted, and who
has, as they allege, his remedy in the courts,
j The personal injury done the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is a great wrong; but I do not admit
tlyit the offense stops there, or that it is merely a
personal quarrel which the courts should be left
to settle, like any case of assault and battery
occurring upon our streets.
It presents another aspect, and has another im-
portant feature. The whole country is interested,
because tlje whole country has been wronged by
the detention of the Senator from Massachusetts
from his seat. So far as the action of a fractional
portion of the Senate is concerned, or can influ-
ence the legislation of the country, a sixty-second
part has been, for the time being, forcibly driven
from the Senate and from the service of the coun-
try. The Senate and the country, to that extent,
have suffered. TheState ofMassachusetts, to the
extent of one half of her delegation, has suffered
the invasion of her constitutional rights. Is this no
public wrong to the country ? Has it not resulted
in a partial interruption or obstruction of the legis-
lative functions of the Government, by the dis-
abling of one of the members of the Senate ? Is
not this a serious offense against the whole coun-
try ? It is a great wrong done to the State of
Massachusetts, in thus silencing the voice of one
of her Senators, aed lessening her influence and
constitutional power in the Senate of the United
States. Do gentlemen say that this is not a pub-
lic wrong ? Infringing the constitutional rights of
a sovereign State, by forcing the .absence of one
of her Senators, is of itself a wrong of sufficient
magnitude to demand redress.
If a State may in this way be deprived of the
services of one of her Senators, she may of both,
and her voice be hushed in the Senate, and that,
too, at a time when questions of vital interest to
her may be discussed, and the fate of young em-
pires decided. If this mode of disposing of
obnoxious Senators is approved of, the same ex-
periment might be made in this House, where we
are so nearly equally divided, that the absence of
one or two members might decide the fate of ques-
tions, the discussion of which agitates the whole
country, and against the thunder tones of remon-
strance which we daily hear from the people. The
privilege contended for is not a right that was de-
signed by the framers of the Constitution should
inure solely to the personal benefit of the mem-
bers; far from it. It was for a higher object, and
nobler purpose—the public good through the pro-
tection of the people's representatives.
The right of free speech is aright dear to every
free people, and essential to liberty itself. Free-
dom of speech in the Halls of Congress is the
right of the people to be heard through their rep-
resentative; and if he abuses the privileges with
which he has been clothed by the people through
the Constitution, and perverts them to a base,
unworthy, or selfish purpose, he is responsible
to those who clothed him with this robe of immu-
nity, and it is for them to call him to accounta-
bility and disrobe him.
The people have not invested their Senators
and Representatives with this right that they may
be elevated above the simple citizen, and beyond
