.734
appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Clingman.
[July 9,
Ho. op Reps.
all responsibility to them, their constituents, as
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] would
have us believe; but that they may independently
represent the people, and defend their interests,
free from the trammels of personal responsibility
to others for the manner in which they-may see
proper to represent the people, and defend their
rights. A recognition of the doctrine of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
would be destructive of the freedom of speech,
or it would fill these Halls with men selected
rather for their physical than their intellectual
strength, and who would be clothed with immu-
nity by nature. Undersuch circumstances, what
would become of my bold-spoken and manly-
spirited friend from Maine, [Mr. Washburn?]
The privileges of the House and Senate are
susceptible of abuse, I admit. But who are to be
the judges? The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] would have every one who may
suppose himself to be injured, or his State vitu-
perated, to assume to be judge of his own case,
and of the measure and mode of punishment.
What a disinterested tribunal for the trial of
causes, and what a remedy!—ten thousand times
worse than the evil which it is proposed to cor-
rect ! This would take us back untold centuries
in the world's history, to man's savage state,
when the strong arm, possessed by the bad af
heart, clothed the possessor with that immunity
which strength and passion gave, and the weak
were the prey of the strong. Has the world
made no progress ? I am happy to say that it
has; and we are now vindicating that progress
by claiming the immunity which a written con-
stitution guaranties to the weak against violence.
In taking this view of the subject, I utterly
deny that it is nothing more than a private quar-
rel with which we have nothing to do as mem-
bers of this House. No member of the House
would defend the abduction and imprisonment of
one or more members of this House by others,
to prevent his or their action here. This, all
must acknowledge, would be a gross attack upon
the privileges of the House. Is an attack upon
a Senator made with such violence as to prevent
his attendance upon the sittings of the Senate,
less a breach of privilege than the imprison-
ment of the Senator during the same length of
time? The personal injury, so far as the Senator
is individually concerned, would doubtless befar
less in case of imprisonment.
Suppose that Senator Sumner had been ab-
ducted, and during the time he has been disabled
had been imprisoned unlawfully, would any one
be so bold as to say that, if it had been done
by one or more members of this House, they
would not have been guilty of a gross violation
of the privileges of the Senate, and a high offense
against this House and the country?
It strikes me that we narrowthe view altogether
too much, when we look at it as only affecting
the parties in their personal*elations and respons-
ibilities. Had it originated in a private quar-
rel at some other place it would present a different
aspect; but the alleged offense grew out of words
spoken in debate in the Senate, in the discharge of
what the Senator from Massachusetts conceived
to be his duty, and he alone is to be the judge of
how he shall perform his duty, being responsible
to his Maker, to the Senate, and his State, for the
manner in which he performs it. If we acknowl-
edge the personal responsibility of the Senator to
Mr. Brooks, or to any other person, for words
spoken in debate in relation to South Carolina, or
of any other State, the freedom of speech is made
to depend upon the caprice or the intolerance of
those who may differ from us, and resolves itself
into empty sound—a mere pretense, instead of a
great constitutional right.
Let this be understood to be the construction
put upon that boasted constitutional privilege,
and how long will it be before personal violence
will be resorted to for every trivial offense, and
blood alone would be considered a sufficient atone-
ment for real or supposed injuries, and the Halls
of our national Legislature would become the
theaters upon which would be enacted some of
the saddest scenes which could be perpetrated
under the influence of the wildest excitements of
human passion.
I believe that it is owing to this wise provision
guaranyting freedom of -speech, that we are in-
debted for the usual dignified deportment which
has, with a rare exception, characterized the pro-
ceedings of Congress. The rights and interests
of the people are involved, and they demand of
us, that we shall vindicate and preserve, unim-
paired , all those rights and great principles confided j
;; to our care and protection, for the short period j
'■ which they may be pleased to intrust us with
| them; and we cannot shun responsibility by say-
ing that it is a private quarrel, to be left to the
individual wronged to seek redress as he may
| deem proper. The sanctity of the Senate Cham-
!, ber has been invaded, and its privileges violated by
I a member of a coordinate branch of the National
ji Legislature; and it becomes our duty, however
| unpleasant it may be, to vindicate the dignity of
j j the Senate and the sanctity of its privileges, and to
1 assert the power of the House in the punishment
of the offenders. The House owes this to the
1 Senate, to the country, and to itself, and ought
not to hesitate in the proper discharge of its
duties.  
| THE ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. CLINGMAN,
• OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House op Representatives,
July 9,1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select com-
mittee to investigate the alleged assault upon
Senator Sumner by Mr. Brooks:
Resolved, That Preston S. Brooks be, and he is forth-
with, expelled from this House as a Representative from the
State of South Carolina.
Resolved, That this House hereby declares Ks disappro-
bation of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson and Law-
rence M. Kkitt in regard to the said assault;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, to strike out the resolu-
tions, and insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
Resolved, That this House has no jurisdiction over the
assault alleged to have been committed by the Hon. Pres-
ton S. Brooks, a member of this House from the State of
South Carolina, upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, a Sen-
ator from the State of Massachusetts; and therefore deem
it improper to express any opinion on the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: I was desirous of offering a few
observations to the House upon this question
at the time when it first came before us. No
opportunity to debate it, however, was afforded;
but the previous question was moved. You, sir,
may remember that I made an effort to say some-
thing on the merits of the case. I should then,
for my mind was operated on by the excitement
of the occasion—I should then, perhaps, have
said one or two things that I do not desire to
present upon this occasion. I find that it is
necessary for those of us who voted against the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] to say something for the country, '
since we are held up before it as approving the
assault of the gentleman from South Carolina,
and as justifying it, because of the votes we then
gave against the resolution under which the com-
mittee was raised. There hasbeen, Mr. Speaker,
since that time, a great deal of excitement gotten
up on this question. I intend to-day, in the
remarks which I expect to make"J to endeavor so
to speak as not to add to the excitement either in
the House or in the country. I intend to speak,
as far as I can, without doing injustice to any-
body, but simply with" the purpose of presenting
briefly those views which operated upon my ,
mind, and which, perhaps, influenced the minds
of other gentlemen who voted with me upon that j
occasion. j
Gut, sir, in order that gentlemen may not mis-
understand the position which I mean to occupy,
when I speak mildly and moderately upon this
question,! must allude to a matter preliminary in ,
its character, by way of explanation. Sir, it was 1
said, a few weeks ago, and very shortly after this
occurrence—whether truely or not I do notknow— i
but it was reported all over this city, that certain |
gentlemen who were opposed to me in politics,
and who sympathized with Mr. Sumner, intended,
by speeches of extreme violence, to provoke, if
possible, other attacks from us, and thus increase .
the excitement. Thio was so generally circulated j
as to have been known to everybody here; and
a prominent Republican or Free-Soil paper in
New York (the Courier and Enquirer) had an
article, which was sent to us all, in which that
course seemed to be marked out. Now, without
undertaking to say that it is the purpose of any
gentlemen upon this floor, by violent speeches, to
provoke others to engage in personal renconters,
nevertheless I feel it right to allude to that matter,
and I say to all such gentlemen, if there be such 
I hope there are in fact none such, but if any
gentleman desires a personal difficulty, I, an a
benevolent, good-natured man, hope he will be
gratified. If there are none such, why, then, all
the better. When I was a boy, in my part of
the country, sometimes, on occasions of puBlic
gatherings, a man would go out and say that he
was " electioneering for a fight," ana such a
man generally succeeded in picking up a fight
somewhere on those occasions; but if he did fight,
and was whipped, or if Hfe even shipped some-
body else, it being a " free fight," it was supposed
that the matter concerned the parties alone, and
that no one else had a right to complain.
Now, sir, if on the present occasion any gentle-
man desires to get into a difficulty, and is gratified
in his wishes, I hope we shall not have a great
howl in any part of the country over it. I nope
that it will be looked upon as a mere personal
matter for the gratification of the gentlemen who
engage in it. And as I am a peaceable man, and
never like to get into difficulties, so I do not take
much pains to get out of their way; and as,
during this hot weather, I feel very languid and
indisposed to exertion, I shall not take especial
pains to get out of the way of anybody who
may be in search of such a thing. While I do not
intend to utter anything to offend any gentleman
who does not want to be offended, still, if any
one upon this floor—I limit the remark to members
of the House, not extending it to outsiders at all
—wants a difficulty with me on this subject, I am
perfectly willing for him to take it for granted
that I have insulted him, and am responsible in
any manner that he desires; but if he does not
desire it, then not for the world would I offend him.
But if this is to be a matter of mere abuse and
vituperation, I wash my hands of it; I do not
intend to embark in anything of that kind. I
regard fighting as objectionable in many respects,
but quarreling and denunciation are vastly more *
intolerable. When the British made war on
China, thft Chinese went into the field armed
with gongs, and made a terrible noise, to induce
the English, doubtless, to leave their territory.
So, if this is to be a mere Chinese gong busi-
ness—an effort, in other words, to see who can
make the loudest and most disagreeable noisa, I
will keep clear of it, and, if necessary, put my
fingers in my ears to escape its annoyance.
And now let me call the attention of the House
to the case under consideration. As I have al-
ready said, it is one which has produced a very
great and remarkable excitement in the country.
This, Mr. Speaker, may well be a matter of sur-
prise to me; for though I have not been here a
great many years as a member, yet about a dozen
collisions on the floors of the two Houses have oc-
curred in my time, and they were much stronger
cases than this, because they took place while the
Houses were in session. Why, I recollect that,
during my first Congress, Mr. White of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. Rathbun of New York, had a
set to just near where I now stand, during a period
of great excitement, and when politics ran very
hign, with reference to a personally offensive
charge against Mr. Clay; but the House never
adopted any proceedings against those members,
and it made no noise in the country. I recollect,
too, that, in the next Congress, a gentleman from
Georgia, and-another from Tennessee,had a strug-
gle over on the other side of the Chamber,and sev-
eral large desks were overturned and the gentle-
men apologized for disturbing our deliberations;
but the House did not raise any committee or
censure them in any wise. Also, towards the
close of that session, whilst the House was in
session, at a late hour in the night, during a sort
of triangular fight, a gentleman from Alabama
struck ?Tgentleman from the Northwest over the
head with a cane, and cut it so that it bled very
freely; but this did not cause the raising of any
