1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
guardians of all the inalienable rights of man, we
permit, in one of the Territories of the Union,
the bowie-knife and the revolver to silence the
voice of justice and humanity pleading for the in-
alienable rights of man. Theirhomes are leveled
with the ground for a free expression of their
opinions; and the printing-press is indicted as a
nuisance. That great means for the diffusion of
knowledge, and regarded throughout the civil-
ized world as the chief engine for the elevation
and advancement of mankind, is in Kansas de-
clared to be a nuisance—to be abated by military
force unless it speaks the language peculiar to one
section of this union; and unlesc men stifle their
real sentiments in reference to slavery, or advo-
cate its existence, their dwellings are burned, and
women and children driven out into the wilder-
ness. A hotel, one of the best west of the Mis-
sissippi, erected for the accommodation of the
pioneer, is battered down by a posse organized
by the constituted authorities to preserve " law
and order," giving the inmates one hour and
forty-five minutes to remove their effects. It is
such grievances that the people of Kansas ask
to be redressed. Shall it not be granted to them ?
It may be said, that to admit the State under
the present circumstances is informal—irregular;
there is no such case on record. There never
was such a condition of things on record. There
never was a Territory in which such abuses
existed. Never before did a people come here
under like circumstances. What is the odds
whether there is a precedent or not? It ill becomes
an American legislator to hesitate in the perform-
ance of any act that his judgment approves for
want of a precedent. The existence of the
Republic itself and its whoic history are in viola-
tion of all precedent. Had our Fathers, on the
4th of July, 1776, waited for a precedent, instead
of now being a. free and independent people wc
should still be vassals of Great Ihitain. Had
the gallant commander of the St. Louis, on far
distant seas, waited a precedent for his action,
Ivoszta would now be pining in an Austrian
dungeon, or the grass would grow green over his
grave, and one of the brightest pages of Ameri-
can history would have been unwritten.
Truth, justice, and humamly, need no prece-
dents—they make them. It is old abuses and
time-sanctioned wrongs that entrench themselves
behind formulas and precedents. Kansas cornea
here under different circumstances from any
people that ever applied to this Government for
redress of grievances. Coming here, having
violated no constitutional right, and asking the
redress of grievances, by a government of her
own, in order that she may protect lirr rights,
I trust that no man who claims that the people
of the Territories have the name right to govern
themselves that the people of the States have, will
refuse theii application.
Sir, I have trespassed longer upon the patience
of the llouse than 1 intended. If the House
desires to have the reports of the majority and
minority of the committee read, I will yield for
that purpose, retaining the floor, however, as I
desire to submit a motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Let the reports be
printed and laid upon our desks.
Mr. GROW. They have been printed, and it
will not take more than half an hour to read them
both.
Several Members. Nevermind readme;: them.
Mr. GROW. If that be the wish of the House,
I have no disposition to insist on the reading. 1
have but a word more to say. Alter both sides
have been heard upon this bill, I shall of course
desire that the debate on it shall be closed, and that
wo shall come to a vote upon the question. Let us
settle these difficulties in Kansas in some way.
It is a duty that we owe to ourselves as American
legislators.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman indi-
cate, before he takes his scat, how soon he pro-
poses to to ask for a vote on the bill ?
Mr. GROW. 1 am unable to say at this time.
I suppose after a few days' discussion. I pre-
sume the House will not desire a lengthy dis-
eussmn.
Mr. SI EPHEXS, I desire,before the debate
is eio.scd, to addiess the House upon this subject,
and I wish to submit an amendment, in the
nature of a substitute for the gentleman's bill, to
provide for the admission of Kansas as a State,
and to guard against all these evils of which he
has complained.
Mr. GROW. I do- not propose to call the
previous question until both sides have been
heard, and I propose to give at least one day's
notice of the time when I shall call it.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is all I ask.
Several Members. That is fair.
Mr. GROW. I am not able to say now when
1 shall call the previous question,but I shall give
at least one day's notice. I think the question
should be disposed of in the shortest possible
time. It is a mere question of the admission of
a State. The bill is in the usual form, and it will
not require a long time to perfect it. The only
question for members is, whether they are willing
and ready to vote to admit Kansas into the Union
at this time ? And now, in order that we may
dispose of the other territorial business, I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH. Let the other side be heard first.
Mr. GROW. Certainly; I accept of that sug-
gestion. Will the gentleman renew my motion ?
Mr. SMITH. I'will.
Mr. GROW. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, if
I can get the attention of the House, I wish to
submit a few remarks now upon this bill, not in
the spirit, however, in which they seemed to fall
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
time has come, it seems to me, when reason and
not passion ought to reign. Sinco the adoption of
the Federal Constitution we have passed through
many scenes of excitement and disturbances of
the public mind, and at the close of all of them
considerate men of most of the political parties
that have existed in the country have been ready
to come to some reasonable conclusion upon a fair,
just, and equitable settlement of the questions
which divided the different sections of the Con-
federacy. 1 regret, sir, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has seen proper to add to his pro-
fessed statements of facts, in reference to the diffi-
culties in Kansas and to the bill now under con-
sideration, an unjust attack upon those whose
duty it is, and who have discharged that duty
faithfully, to execute tin* laws of the country.
And 1 may be permitted to remark lieie, that
while gentlemen from the North denounce the
Administration for their conduct in the execution
of the laws in Kansas, and accusc them of par-
tiality m their enforcement, there are some, I
regret to say, in the southern Slates who also
complain of the Executive for his conduct in the
execution of the laws in that distant Territory.
Both sides com plain, which is the highest evidence
that he is faithfully discharging his duty to the
whole country.
I expected, sir, fiom the calmness with which
that gentleman usually treats subjects, that the
chairman of the Committee on Territories would
come here with no purpose to inflame the public
mind, either in this House or in the country. I
stand here to-day to vindicate the wrong actions
neither of southern men nor northern men, but
to condemn both alike. I am an impartial ob-
server of the unfortunate events which are occur-
iing, and have occurred, in Kansas Territory.
When I see a man from my own section of the
country violating the law or disturbing the public
peace, 1 fee] that, educated as he has been, trained
as he has been, to love law and order, and to be
an observer of the laws of the land, he m as much
to blame as those citizens in the northern States
whoso fanaticism prompts them to resistance to
the law, and a violation of the Constitution ot
their country. I would justify neither side, nor
i.s it my purpose particularly or harshly to con-
demn either. This is not the time for crimina-
tions and recriminations. It is time now to devise
and adopt the means to quiet this excitement in
the country. Knowing what has been the action
of the Executive on these questions, I sfanrl here
to defend him from all assaults, from whatever
quarter—whether fiom the North or from the
South, from the East or from the West—in refer-
ence to his conduct m the execution of the laws
in that Territory.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
has indicated a proposition here tins moining
which is not new to me, (if I properly under-
stand it,) and which I hope to see him introduce
at the earliest opportunity. I suppose it is a
proposition which was introduced into the Senate
this morning by a Senator from the same State.
That proposition—and the House will under-
stand itwhenitcomes before us—is,in myjudg-
ment, fair, equitable, and just, and is based on
principles on which all men who love the Union
can act together, so far as the institution of
slavery in that Territory is concerned. It simply
proposes to allow the people now in that Terri-
tory to form a constitution, under proper guards
and restrictions, and ask admission into the
Union, and meets with my unqualified approval.
I hope it will be brought forward at an early
day, as an amendment of, or substitute for, this
bill, and that considerate men of all parties will
lay aside their prejudices,sectional and political,
and adopt it, and thus settle at oncc this disturb-
ing question. Some may object to the details ot
the bill. Some may object to the number of pop-
ulation in the Territory—which is, I confess, a
plausible objection in relation to other Territo-
ries than that of Kansas. But, in view of the
importance of the settlement of these questions—
of restoring peace and quiet to the public mind
of the country—I am willing to take them with
even five thousand inhabitants, and make it on
exception to the general rule. I shall not com-
plain of others who are not willing to do that;
but I do think these matters ought to be surren-
dered in view of the important results to be ac-
complished by the adoption of the measure to
which 1 have referred.
Having said this much in reference to the mode
of pacification which has been proposed, I shall
now review briefly the history of the causes of
these difficulties, and the action of the Executive
in the enforcement of the laws in the Territory
of Kansas.
In 18:20 the question arose as to a portion of the
territory of the United States connecting itself
with the local institutions recognized by the Con-
stitution of the country, which created great ex-
citement and general alarm. In the midst of that
excitement the question was determined by a
measure which was called a compromise. It was
acquiesced in by the South; it was received by
the North with demonstrations of dissatisfaction,
and was in that region a constant subject of
denunciation by large, and, in many respects,
respectable portions of the northern people. I
think it was subject to the most serious objections;
hence I am not surprised, in reviewing our his-
tory, to find that it gave substantial satisfaction to
the people of no section of the Confederacy. Prom
the extent, geographical characteristics, and the
circumstanccs which had become interwoven with
the social frame-work of different parts of the
country, the Constitution could only be formed
in a spirit of compromise. It is well known that,
with those men who constituted the convention,
who had stood shoulder to shoulder through such
a struggle for civil and religious liberty as the
world had never witnessed before—men who were
bound together by a mutual confidence and affec-
tion, such as spring up only among those who
have shared common toils and common dangers—
there was but one serious obstacle to complete
harmony and prompt success; that obstacle, in
plain language, was the existence of domestic
slavery in a portion of the States -of this Union.
At one time it seemed to be insurmountable; butit
was overcome by propositions as simple as they
were just. Those principles involved a coin-
promising feeling, perhaps of conviction—at all
events, a noble sacrifice upon the altar of com-
mon brotherhood. The compromises and con-
cessions of that convention were noble: and most
fruitful have they been in results, which have
tended to our advancement, dignity, and pros-
perity, national, social, and individual. The
leading principles which I have adverted to are
these:
1st. Absolute and perfect equality among the
States of rights, privileges, and immunities.
2d. Absolute right of each and every State to
determine, establish, and maintain its own do-
mestic institutions according to its own convic-
tions of right, expediency, and interest.
Upon these principles alone could the Consti-
tution have been adopted, and upon their firm
maintenance alone can this Union be preserved.
Hence, in my judgment,itclosed the door to com-
promises in all future time.
