1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. op Reps.
committee, or any other proceeding against the
parties. I remember, too, going into the Senate
that nisht, near one or two o'clock—and 1 must
eay here, that these disturbances occur more fre-
quently during the last night of the session, when
gentlemen, having been up for two or three days
and nights successively, have gotten sleepy, and
those who are in the habit of drinking spirits,
drink a little from patriotic motives, just to keep
awake, so as to be able to attend to the public
business.
, But, as I was saying, 1 went into the Senate
Chamber that night and a Senator asked me
what we had been doing in the House ? I replied
that we had just had a little fight there among three
of the members. " Why,"said he,withanairof
exultaton, " we have had two in the Senate to-
night!" and it was true. It was on that occasion
that a Senator from Pennsylvania was standing up
making a speech, and a Senator from Mississippi,
not liking his speech, went up and struck him in
the face, or attempted so to strike him, and they
had a regular set-to. The Senate, however, did
not raise any committee to take charge of the
subject.
During the next Congress two members from
North Carolina had a collision just behind where
I am standing, but really no notice was taken of"
it, except by a little knocking on the Speaker's
desk, and a request on his part that members
would resume their seats and keep order.
A Voice. Who were the members ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not give the names
of the parties in any of these cases, because, if I
did, I might have to refer to gentlemen who are
now upon the floor, and thereby render it neces-
sary for them to make explanations, and thus
divert the attention of the House from the
present case.
Sir, I recollect also that during the Congress of
1852, two gentlemen from Mississippi had a fight
over the way; they were rather stout gentlemen,
and made quite a " muss," as they say in New
York, but nobody talked then of raising a commit-
tee. Why, even during the last Congress, I think
we had two difficulties of this sort. A gentleman
from Maine had a fight with some gentleman from
the West, but it all ended without any action, or
even notice, on the part of the House. On another
occasion two gentlemen from Tennessee had a
violent altercation, and one of them jumped over
several desks, and the other pulled outapistol, or,
at any rate a pistol fell upon the floor near him;
but no steps were taken against them. And it is
alittle remarkable that the gentleman who jumped
over the desks was a candidate for an office in this
House at the beginning of this session, and was
elected on the first ballot by a very large vote. If
you look at that vote, I expect you will find that
every single gentleman who voted for the raising
of this committee actually voted for him.
Kow, that shows you what was thought of
assaults and batteries here on the floor. There
is no doubt that this was an interruption of the
business of the House—that it was a breach of
privilege; and yet a large majority of the present
House, including all those, 1 think, who sustain
the action against Mr. Brooks, attached so little
weight to it, that, when they had the whole United
States to pick from, they selected that very
gentleman to make a Clerk of the House of.
There have also been several duels, without any-
body being punished for them. It is true that,
when the Cilley duel occurred, owing to the
fact that there was a great deal of political ex-
citement at that time, and that it was supposed
that Mr. Clav was connected with it, and some
capital would be made against him and his party,
the House did get up a committee, and had de-
bates; but the matter was laid on the table, and
instead, a very foolish law was passed on the
subject of dueling. During the first Congress
that I was here, a duel occurred between a mem-
ber from Alabama and a member from North
Carolina. A member from New York (Preston
King) did then introduce a resolution; but, after
alittle debate, the House rejected it by laying it
on the table. The. last duel occurred in 1851,
between a gentleman from Alabama and one from
niy own State, and the House took no notice of
it at all.
Then as to outside difficulties, such as this one
which the gentleman from Ohio has now brought
before us in the present case, we have had almost
innumerable cases of them. During the Congress
before the last, while the House was in session,
and just by the door of the post office, a member
from New York beat the Postmaster General, or
some other member of the Cabinet, and nobody
took any notice of it. Why, there was a man
shot in the door of this Hall some years ago,
while there was a fight going on between two
members in the House, but no one was punished
for it. A friend beside me suggests that the House
did raise a committee in that case. I believe it
did; but that was all.
I might allude to many other circumstances of
this kind. My object is to let the House see that
this occurrence, as compared with similiar ones,
is sought to be greatly magnified. Now, the
utmost that could be said of this is, that it was a
breach of privilege of the House and of the Senate.
Well, all these instances that I have cited were
clearly and confessedly such, because done in the
presence of the Houses when actually in session;
and yet none of them were followed by punish-
j ment. I really cannot undertake to give a his-
I tory of all these disturbances, there seem to have
[ been so many of them; but I am reminded of
another fight that occurred in the post office be-
tween two members, while the House was in ses-
sion, during the last Congress. But there is a great
effort to make political capital out of this case.
That is obvious to every one. Here is a certain
party calling itself Republican, which thinks, per-
haps, that with it the sands of life are running a
little low; and hcnce its friends want to get up a
great excitement and clamor in the country, in
the hope of acquiring strength; and therefore I
shall call the attention of the House briefly to the
facts of the case and principles involved, to show
that there is nothing in the world to justify that
excitement.
It is admitted that the gentleman from South
Carolina went into the Senate Chamber after that j
body had adjourned, and committed an assault
and battery on a Senator. They charge, in the
first place, that that was a breach of privilege of
the Senate.
The able argument of the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] rests the general question of
privilege, I think, upon proper grounds. I do
not mean to follow in his footsteps, as to the
ground occupied by him. I say, however, that,
in the first place, it cannot with truth be charged
as a breach of privilege of the Senate, because
the Senate was not, at the time, in session; and
if it was not in session, then it was not such
an existing body as t6 be subject to such a
wrong.
There is a clear distinction between the Senate
and the individual Senators of which it may be
composed when called together. It is only a
Senate when in actual session, and has not, at
othe* times, any of the rights conferred on it as
a Senate. This proposition is so clear that it has
only to be stated, I think, to be acquiesced in.
In the second place, it is said that it was a wrong,
on the ground that it was committed in the Senate
Chamber, and a great deal of stress is laid upon
that point in certain quarters. We know that,
when the Senate is not in session, any citizen can
go into the Senate Chamber just as he can go
into the rotunda or along Pennsylvania avenue;
and an assault and battery committed there, is
no more than an assault and battery committed
anywhere else. We have, politically speaking,
no Sacred places in this country. There are halls
for doing public business, and when a legisla-
tive body or a court is in session, any interrup-
tion at that time is a breach of privilege; but there
is no sanctity of place, according to our Ameri-
can ideas.
An assault in a court-house, while the court is
in session, is a contempt of court. But nobody
ever pretended that a fight there, while the court
was not in session, was anything more than a
fight elsewhere; and I may add, in passing, that
in fact an English chief justice has declared that
even an assault and battery upon a judge, while
walking in the streets, is not a breach of the priv-
ileges of the court. I will, however, proceed to
another point.
It is argued, in the third place, that if this were i
not a breach of the privileges of the Senate, it
was a breach of the privileges of a Senator. Well,
sir, let us look at that for a single moment. I
will not argue it at length, because this point has
been already well argued in the report of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [M  Cobb.] In the first
place, it is said that rfo Senator can be called to
account for words spoken in debate, in any other
place. What does that mean ? You and I know
that these words are a mere copy of an old British
statute, made to protect members of Parliament
from being sued for slander; because a member
of Parliament was sued for slander for words
spoken in debate, and had to pay heavy dam-
ages. They therefore passed that statute and we
copied it. That is the plain and obvious mean-
ing of it. It is to protect members and Senators
from being harassed by civil actions, or indict-
ments for libels. The gentleman from Ohio asks,
Are not the persons of the people's representa-
i tives to be protected ? Certainly they are; but sa
; is the person of every citizen in this country.
; The law is presumed to be sufficient to protect
every man. A Senator has no advantages in that
i respect over anybody else. We are all entitled
: to the protection of the law—the humblest citizen
as much as the Senator. There are no privileged
classes in this country—nothing in the Constitu-
tion, or in our American system, to support such
a claim as is now put forward.
The notion which some persons have adopted,
as to the sacredness of the persons of Senators, is
•a sort of Brahminical idea. I say Brahminical,
because in India, where despotism has flourished
from time immemorial, and presents its most
debasing features, a Brahman's person is held
to be sacred; and if he commits the greatest
crime, his person cannot be touched. If he is
guilty even of treason, the Government dare not
! punish him in his body, but can only send him
away. That system illustrates what is meant by
the peculiar privileges and sacredness of person
| of a Senator, as claimed by the Aholitionists and
some others whom they have carried away for a
time under the recent excitement. Sir, I repu-
diate the idea. It is unworthy of the age and of
the country in which we live. All men are en-
titled to the protection of the law as to their per-
sons, but none to any peculiar privileges. I hold,
therefore, sir, that there is nothing in that clause
at all which bears upon the question under dis-
cussion. But supposing that I am wrong in my
opinion, still the facts are not sufficient to make
the case clainied in the report. Let us take its
own statement of the facts, and it proves conclu-
sively that the assault did not grow out of words
spoken in debate. Sir, the words of that Sen-
ator, as spoken in the Senate, did not cause the
assault in question.
It is not contended that the gentlemen from
South Carolina heard the words as spoken in the
Senate; nor would he in fact have made the as-
sault for them as spoken. The report of the
majority shows the facts to be different. Why
was it committed? The words of Mr. Brooks
show the cause. "Sir,'-' said he to Mr. Sumner,
" I have read your speech with great care," &c.;
"and I have come to punish you for it." The
assault occurred because of the publication made
by the Senator from Massachusetts; not for
words spoken in debate. The whole evidence goes
to show, that it was for the ptMication. Well, is
he protected in any way for that ? Why, not at all.
In England, from whence we copied this pro-
vision of the Constitution, it has been repeatedly
decided that, if a member of Parliament, or any-
body else, prints his speech, and it is libelous, he
is not protected. 'Our own courts have made
similar decisions in this country. It, therefore,
turns out, that that gentleman printed and pub-
lished what was offensive; and anyone aggrieved
might have brought an action against him for
damages, or indicted him for the libel. His per-
sonal senatorial privileges would not have availed
him at all, and do not meet the case admitted to
have been made. As he ha? no right or pecu-
liar privilege under the Constitution in this re-
spect, of course he stands just on the footing of
any other man who publishes a gross libel. He,
therefore, can be looked upon in no other light
than the attitude of any person who should pub-
lish or write offensive things. This position ia
