1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
74.9
is no doubt. Any man who will go down to the
bridge and see the carts with provisions coming
over it will perceive that such is the case.
But the Long Bridge has a value in addition to
that. It is a means of passway for the travel
between the North and South. In this light it
has nothing to do with the city of Washington,
or with the city of Georgetown. It has recently
been the only communication for this great travel
passing from the North to the South. I can very
well see that there are other interests behind the
immediate consideration here presented. The
railroads in the South are being completed, and
there will be soon a general passway between the
North and the South through the District of Co-
lumbia. The citizens of Georgetown are very
anxious thatthecommunication shall pass through
their city. They complain of the injury and de-
struction of their commerce by the Long Bridge;
but I think the real fact is that they are desirous,
when these railroads shall be completed, to have
the great passway between the North and South
go through the city of Georgetown.
It is true that there are a great many other rea-
sons urged against the maintenance of the Long
Bridge. It is said thatit makes the western portion
of this city unhealthy, and especially makes the
"White House unhealthy. I do not believe a
w^ord of it. I would vote for two Long Bridges
if would have the effect of injuring the health
of tne number of candidates for the White House.
[Laughter.] I think then we should do morepublic
business, and no doubt we should have less speak-
ing in the Senate. In regard to Georgetown, I
think if she is used here to destroy the Long Bridge,
she will awake some day and find herself exactly
in the condition of the cat whose paw was used by
the monkey to take chestnuts out of the fire. She
may be able to destroy the communication be-
tween this city and Alexandria by means of the
Long Bridge; but when she has accomplished that
the railroad will not go by Georgetown,but the
Baltimore arid Ohio Railroad Company will get
the privilege of crossing the Eastern Branch, and
conncctingwith Alexandria; so that both George-
town and Washington will be cut out.
As I have said, the proper department recom-
mends an appropriation for the repair of the Long
Bridge, as well as of these local bridges. I think
that we ought to act fairly, and we ought to in-
clude both appropriations'! If an appropriation
were applied to the Long Bridge, and refused to
the others recommended to us, I would vote
against it; but tliey come recommended together;
and if we are to vote any appropriation at all for
this purpose, lotus vote for both objects.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Texas lays
great stress on the fact that this proposition is '
supported by the recommendation of a depart-
ment. If that be a conclusive argument in its
favor, he has opposed some recommendations j
which he ought to have supported. The Com- j
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom j
this matter was referred, have been trying in j
good faith to carry out what tlicy supposed to be <
the judgment of the Senate. For years past, in
both Houses of Congress, there has been a strong
expression of opinion against the Long Bridge;
and the committee, partly on their own convic-
tions, and partly on their convictions of duty to
the Senate, have refused to recommend the adop-
tion of this appropriation. We hardly know
what line of policy to pursue. The Senate votes
down an appropriation one year, and the next
year we refuse to propose it, the reasons against
it not having at all changed. Then a Senator
comes forward, and says that because it is rec-
ommended by the Department, you ought to
make the appropriation. Why, sir, I dare say
that the Department simply knew that the bridge
belonged to the United States, and was out of
repair. The Secretary never put himself to the
trouble of inquiring beyond the fact that there
was a piece of Government property out of re-
pair, and that it would require so much money,
according to the report of somebody whom he
sent to look at it, to put it in repair. The coursc
of the committee, I say again, was based partly
on the action of the Senate, at the last session , in j
refusing to make appropriations for the Long
Bridge. I trust the Senate will have some uni-
form action; either determine to keep the bridge
there and put it in a proper state of repair, which
cannot be done except by a sum much larger
than $5,000, or stop making these appropriations,
which, I undertake to say, are only a waste of
money. If we must have a bridge there, let us
build one of a proper kind; but I do not think it
is in the right place, and therefore I prefer to
erect a new one.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against the pend-
ing amendment, for the reason that I believe the
Long Bridge ought never to be repaired. I think
it is unworthy of repair. If the Federal Gov-
ernment is under any obligation to keep a bridge
there, the old bridge should be taken away and
a new one built upon piers, with a draw large
enough to admit through it any vessels which
can go up the river, so that navigation may not
be impeded. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] admits that this bridge has impeded the
stream and injured navigation. A bridge prop-
erly constructed across the Potomac river cannot
in any way injure navigation. We have the
Charles river at the city of Boston; within a
distance of a mile, there are five or seven bridges
across that stream and the navigation, although
perhaps made somewhat inconvenient, is not at
all retarded.
If we are under obligations to keep a bridge at
this point, let us make an appropriation—not to
repair this bridge—but to take it out of the way,
and to build a bridge across that stream which
will not injure navigation—a bridge with a draw
sufficient to allow any vessels to go readily
through it which can go up the river. I shall
therefore vote against this proposition, although
I am rather inclined to the opinion expressed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the Federal
Government is under no obligation whatever to
build bridges to enter this city from any quarter
whatever.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that the ne-
cessity of this appropriation is lost sight of both
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
and the honorable Senator from Mississippi, on
different grounds. One supposes that the bridge
ought not to be where it is, and the other thinks
that if there is to be a bridge there, it ought to be
a more proper structure than the existing one.
The ground on which the appropriation is ad-
vocated is, that it is for temporary repair; that
the Government of the United States being the
owners of this bridge, holding it open to the public
as a highway; and the Congress of the United
States having never by any resolution or action
determined to abandon it as a highway, are bound
to keep it in a state of temporary repair, and not
hazard the lives of citizens who pass over it while
they choose to leave it in its present condition.
If they determine to build another bridge, be it
so; if they determine to abandon this bridge and
vacate it as a highway, be it so; but no action of
that kind has taken place on the part of Congress.
You hold it out to the public as a highway; you
own it as a public highway. As to the right of
Congress to do so as the Legislature for the Dis-
trict of Columbia., I entertain not a shadow of a
doubt; but being the owners, you are bound, as a
matter of duty to the public, to keep it in a state
of repair. This small appropriation is not for the
purpose of prolonging or continuing the bridge, or
fettering your judgment as to whether you will
put a better bridge there hereafter, or will abandon
the bridge altogether; but while there is a bridge
there, and you have neither condemned it nor
determined to put up another, you ought to make
th^se temporary repairs to keep it in a state of
decent safety for the transit of passengers.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
19, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Adam?, Bayard, Biggs, Brodhead, Cass,
Citttenden, Hale, Ilamlm, Harlan. Houston, Hunter, Iver-
son, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pugh, Reid,Rusk, Weller,and
Yulee—19.
NAYS—Me-s&rs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Beniamm, Ciller, Blight, Brown, Butler, Clayton,
Coilamer, Dodge, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatriek,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, Mailory, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell,
Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Wade, and Wil-
son—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred^on the amend-
ment of Mr. Pratt.
Mr. ADAMS. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays. I voted for the last amendment,
intending, if it should be adopted, to vote against
the whole. I think if one bridge is included the
other should be.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being'
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell-
of Tennessee, Benjamin, Brown, Butler, Crittenden, Dodgey
Fessenden, Ftsli, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hamlin, Harlan,
Houston. Jones of Iowa, Mailory, Mason, Pratt, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Weller—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead,
Evans, Fitzpatriek. Hale, Hunter, Iverson, Ptigh, Reidr-
Slidefl, Sumner, Wilson, and Yulee—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer an amendment which'
was rejected as in Committee of the Whole. Ifc
is an appropriation of $12,000 for the completion
of the hospital at St. Mark's, Florida. I feeP
emboldened to reoffer this amendment, because,
when it was voted upote as in committee, there1
were but few Senators present; and I am satisfied
that if the Senate understand the object as I do
the appropriation will be made.
Five thousand dollars have heretofore been
appropriated for the hospital at St. Mark's. The
ground has been obtained, and the head of tho
Treasury Department recommends this sum of
$12,000 for the completion of the hospital. I*
has been recommended to us by the Committee
on Commerce. St. Mark's is subject to the
ravages of the yellow fever; and there is no place
in the southern country where seamen suffer so-
much, in proportion to their numbers, as in St
Mark's. The seamen come there from the car'
rying States of New England, for Florida ha^
scarcely any seamen. When the yellow fevei
attacks the town it is almost universally aban-
doned, and the seamen die on board their vessels
with very little attention given to them. This is-
a humane object. There are already in the defi-
ciency bill several items which are not deficien-
cies. There is an item for filling up the ditch
about the custom-house of Norfolk, which is
analogous to this. That is to preserve the health
of that fever-stricken city. It is not strictly a
deficiency, but I voted for it, and I hope it will
be retained in the bill; but this is a deficiency,
and it is recommended by the proper department
and by the Committee on Commerce. It will not
injure the passage of the bill through the House.
If any.other marine hospital stands on the same
ground, in my judgment, it should be included
in the bill.
The amendment is: /
For completing the marine hospital at St. Mark's, Floe-
ida, §12,000 in addition to the sum already appropriated;
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 now propose to renew two
other amendments, which were reported from-
the Committee on Commerce in connection with
this:
To complete the custom-house at Pensacola, Florida,.
$5,000
For the completion of the marine hospital at Galena, Illi-
nois, 620,000, together with ten per eenrutn to cover com-
pensation to'architects, superintendence, advertising, and
other contingent expenses, and so much as may he re-
quired to purchase a suitable site for the building, to b<?
paid out of any money m the Treasury not otheiwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. HUNTER. If we put these amendments
on the bill, we shall have to make appropriations
for other custom-houses and marine hospitals.
The Senator from Florida put the case of the
hospital at St. Mark's on peculiar grounds, but
there is no necessity for appropriating money for
these buildings in order to supply deficiencies any
more than for continuing any other work; and,,
besides, as I understand, those are not asked for
as deficiencies by the Department, and are not so
estimated. At any rate it seems to me on their
face that there is no more reason why these should
be inserted than many other cases in which there-
are public works in progress.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 repeat what I said to the
Senate a few days since, that these are the only
cases in which the Committee on Commerce have
asked for any appropriation. Therefore if they
are adopted by the Senate, none others will follow.
These two appropriations are situated upon pre-
cisely the same grounds as the one for St. Mark's,
in Florida, which we have just agreed to. There
is no distinction to be drawn between them. For
each of these works appropriations have been
made, and they have been found inadequate.
Now this additional sum is asked for so that the
works may progress. They are stopped; nothing
is doing; and if these appropriations are post-
poned until the general bill, nothing can be done
