12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
poration, and to furnish the judges of elections to
be held under the laws of said corporation at each
precinct, before or on the morning of any elec-
tion, before the hour for opening the polls, with
a list of the names of all persons who shall have
paid their school taxes for that year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
school tax which shall be levied and collected
under this act shall constitute a fund, or be added
to any other fund now or hereafter to be con-
stituted by any act of said corporation, for the
establishment and support of common schools,
and for no other purpose, under such regulations
as the corporation may prescribe.
Sec. 5. Jiiul be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of said corporation to provide or es-
tablish at least two election precincts within the
limits of the corporation of Georgetown, and to
appoint not less than three judges of election for
each precinct, and to adopt such other regulations
as may be necessary to give full force and effect
to this section.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts in conflict with this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
Public, XLVII.—An Act to confirm to certain
persons therein named their Titles to certain Lots
in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all those farm and village lots at
Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wisconsin, as
designated upon the plat of the private hind claims
at said place, in volume four of the public lands
American State Papers, which plat was made
in the year of our Loid eighteen hundred and
twenty, by Isaac Lee, Esquire, the agent ap-
pointed by the commissioners to adjust land
titles at Green Bay and Prairie du Chien, which
have not heretofore been confirmed and patented
to the claimants, are hereby confirmed unto the
several persons named upon said plat and the
report of said Lee, and to their assigns and legal
representatives; and village lots numbers six,
ten, and eleven, in the main village, as designated
upon said plat, are hereby confirmed to Hercules
L. Dousman; and lot number nine, in said vil-
lage, to I'klward W. Pelion; and patents to the
lots hereby confirmed shall issue to such persons
as now own or as shall have the right to the
same: Provided, That the confirmation hereby
made shall not inlerfeie with any heretofore
made, and that .such confirmation shall onlv
operate as a relinquishment of title on the part of
the United States, and shall in no manner inter-
fere wiih any valid adverse right of any persons,
if such exist, to the same land
Approved, August 11, 1850.
Public, XLVII I.—An Act to establish a Library for
Young Man in. the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amcricu in Congress
assembled, That James Dunlop, Chief Justice of
the circuit court m the District of Columbia; John
T. Towers, Mayor of the city of Washington;
Henry Addison, Mayor of the city of George-
town; Joseph Heniy, Secretary of the Smithso-
nian Institution; John S. Meehan, Libiarian for
Coneress, and their successors m said respective
offices, with such persons as the Mavor of Wash- I
ington may designate, and with snch pprson as !
the Mayor of Georgetown may designate; are I
hereby created a corporate body foreverrunder the j
name of " Columbia's Library for Young Men,'1 ,
and in that name to sue and to be sued, in any ;
court of competent jurisdiction. |
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said cor- !
poration may receive and possess property, real |
and personal, not exceeding in value one hundred
thousand dollars, for a library, for the purpose i
aforesaid. If a lot and house shall be granted or
devised for said library, and the same shall be !
accepted by said corporation, no sale thereof shall I
be made without the consent of Congress. I
Sec. 3. Jind be it farther enacted, That power \
is given to said corporation to appoint needful i
officers, messengers, and laborers, and to com- j
pens&te them; to pass such by-laws, rules, and i
regulations, as may be necessary to carry into
effect this act; to alter, amend, or revoke them;
to limit the ages within which the young men of
said District may be entitled to the benefit of this
act; to diffuse knowledge among them m such
ways as shall be best calculated to instruct them,
to elevate their morals and fit them for usefulness,
and to receive assurances of permanent aid from
the corporations of Washington and Georgetown,
and either of them, to sustain said institution by
annual or other aid.
Sec. 4. Jind be it farther enacted, That the cor-
porations may elect a presiding officer from one
of their number. If this shall be omitted, the
person holding the office first named shall preside,
if present, and in succession, in case of absence
in the order of the offices designated in the first
section.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
meeting to organize may be held at such time
and place within said District as a majority may
designate, having given notice in writing three
days to all the members. Semi-annual meetings
to be held at the library room, on the first Mon-
days of January and July. All votes, resolutions,
by-laws, regulations, and other proceedings, to be
recorded, and subject to the inspection of each of
the corporations of Washington and Georgetown,
or committee of either.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the prop-
erty of said corporation shall be exempted from
all public assessments and taxes so long as the
same shall remain dedicated to the purposes of a
library.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That each
person designated as provided by the mayor of
Washington or Georgetown, may hold his ap-
pointment two years, and until his successor shall
be appointed.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for Congress at any time hereafter to
amend or repeal this act
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be construed to authorize said
corporation to make, issue, or put m circulation,
any bill, draft,check, promissory note, or change
ticket, or anything else promising or agreeing to
pay money intended to circulate as money, or the
tendency of which shall be to circulate as money
or currency. And the violations of any one of
| the provisions of this section shall be a forfeit-
j ure of the charter herein granted, and a fine of fifty
| dollars against each one of the directors voting
I for the same.
i Sec. 10. Andbeitfurtherenacted.ThhtthGdo.bts
! and liabilities of the said corporation shall not, at
: any time, exceed the amount of their capital, and
! that each stockholder shall be held liable, in his
or her individual capacity, for all the debts and
liabilities uf the corporation, how ever incurred or
contracted, to be recovered by suit, as other debts
and liabilities, in anv court, or before any tribu-
nal having jurisdiction of the case.
Appkoved, August 11, 185G.
Public, XLIX.—An Act to provide for the Publtc
Instruction of Youth in Primary Schools through-
out the County of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, without the limits of the Cities of Wash-
[ ington and Gcorgetowri
| Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
• suitatives of the United States of America in Congress
> assembled, That the lew court of the county of
i Washington, in the District of Columbia, at their
I first meeting after the passage of this act, shall
appoint seven intelligent inhabitants of the said
! county, who shall reside without the limits of the
i cities of Washington and Georgetown, two of
: whom shall be residents of that portion of the
i said county lying and being west of Rock creek;
1 three between Rock creek and the Eastern Branch;
and two east and south of the Eastern Branch,
' to be commissioners of primary schools for said
county; which said commissioners shall hold
their offices until the second Monday in May, m
the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
seven, and until others are appointed in their
places; and in case any of the said commissioners
thus appointed or to be appointed, as aforesaid,
shall refuse to serve, or die, or remove from
the county, or become incapable of serving, the
vacancy or vacancies shall be filled by the levy
court as soon as practicable.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That eachx>f
the said commissioners, before he enters upon the
execution of his office, and within fifteen days
after notification of his appointment by the said
levy court, shall take and subscribe an oath before
some justice of the peace of the said county, in
the form following, that is to say: I, , do
solemnly and sincerely promise and swear, (or
affirm, as the case may be,) that I will in all
things, to the best of my knowledge and ability,
well and truly execute the trust reposed in me as
commissioner of primary schools for the county,
without favor or partiality; and every justice of
the peace before whom such oath shall be taken
shall, without fee or reward, certify the same in
writing, and, within eight days thereafter, trans-
mit or deliver said certificate to the clerk of the
levy court for record.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
he the duty of the commissioners of primary
schools, or a majority of them, to divide the
county into seven suitable and convenient school
districts, two of which shall be located west of
Rock creek, three between Rock creek and the
Eastern Branch, and two east and south of the
Eastern Branch, and to alter and regulate the
same as hereinafter provided. And it shall be the
further duty of the commissioners of primary
schools aforesaid, immediately after the forma-
tion or alteration of any such school districts in
said county, to describe and number the same,
and deliver the description and number thereof,
in writing, to the clerk of the levy court, who is
hereby required to receive and record the same in
the records of that court without fee or reward:
and, Provided, That, in laying off said school
districts, or in altering the same,no tracts, or parts
of tracts, of land lying contiguous and forming
one farm, shall be tlivided so that portions of the
same property shall be included in two separate
districts.
Sec. 4. And be if further enacted, That the said
commissioners may alter and change the. school
districts, with a view to their better arrangement
and the more general convenience of the people:
Provided, however, That unless the trustees of the
districts so to be altered or changed shall assent
thereto, no such alteration or change shall be
made.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the cfcunty collector to notify the
different officers to be appointed, in virtue of the
provisions of this act, of their appointments,
within ten days after his having received notice
of such appointments from the appointing power,
whose duly it shall be to give such notice to the
county collector aforesaid.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said
eommissioneis shall hold two stated meetings in
each year, which meetings shall be held at such
place and at such times as shall be determined on
by said commissioners, and of which they shall
give, public notice in each of said school districts,
and such other meetings as circumstances may
from time to time require; but if less than three
members attend any meeting, no business shall
be transacted thereat, except that of adjourning
to some time and place, to-be agreed on by the
commissioners present; and at all meetings of
said commissioners, the treasurer of the school
fund of the county, hereinafter to be appointed,
shall attend and lay before them his books and
accounts for their inspection and examination.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners shall cause to be kept a regular
record of all their acts and proceedings in a book
to be kept for that purpose, and said record, or a
copy thereof, certified to be correct under the
hands and seals of a majority of said board of
commissioners, shall be considered evidence of
their acts and proceedings in all judicial proceed-
ings. And the board of commissioners aforesaid
shall have power to appoint a clerk, prescribe his
duties, and pay him a salary, and also to allow
the treasurer of the school fund, hereinafter to be
appointed, an annual compensation for his ser-
vices out of the general school fund, hereinafter
to be provided: Provided, That neither the said
clerk nor treasurer shall be paid more than one
hundred dollars per annum.
