746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
until the working season shall have gone by.
They are in essence and in fact deficiencies.
They stand precisely as the appropriation stands
which we have just voted in. If the Senate shall
think proper, under the lead of the Senator from
Virginia, to draw a distinction between these two
cases, let the Senate draw it; I cannot. They are
appropriations in which I have no personal inter-
est; they are for places remote from me; but they
stand on the same ground as the other; and these
ought to be voted in, or that voted out.
Mr. WELLER. I think there is a very marked
distinction between the amendment now proposed
and the one which has just been adopted. The
Senator from Florida stated the fact that, at the
appearance of the yellow fever at St. Mark's, all
the inhabitants abandoned the town, and there
were none left to take care of the sick seamen.
He said that there were a large number of men
from New England engaged m the navigation of
the Gulf of Mexico; and they were thrown there
at a season of the year when the yellow fever was
prevailing, and when no person was there to take
care of them. Now, if the Senator from Maine
cannot discover the difference between making an
appropriation for so humane an object as that,
and continuing a custom-house in a different sec-
tion of the country, I should utterly fail to ex-
hibit that distinction.
Mr. WILSON. I voted the other day against
this proposition, under the lead of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance. 1 voted against it
because I thought it ought not to be put into this
bill; but we have already inserted m it several
other matters, which I think ought not to go
there; and therefore, as this proposition has been
brought forward at this last moment, I shall
change my vole and support it, although I should
prefer to vote for it in a separate bill, or in the
general appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to pay a word in
reference to the appropriation for continuing the
marine hospital at Galena. The Government has
already determined to build a marine hospital
there, and an appropriation has been made for it.
Now, m order to complete it, it is necessary that
there shall he something more. It is recom-
mended by the Department that the money be
row appropriated m this deficiency bill. An ap-
luopnation has just been agreed to for a marine
<8 hospital at St. Mark's, in Florida; and it seems
' to met lint no distinction m principle can be made
between this rase and that. This is not an originnl
appropriation; and if it is proper to erect hospitals
at these points—at Galena, and at St. Mark's—
it is proper that it should he done promptly. The
same reasons apply hero which nave been urged
upon the Senate for allowing appropriations to go
into tlm? bill to finish the Patent Oflfioo, and to
finish other works which nrc in process of con-
struction. The Government having committed
itself to the erection of* this hospital, the work
has been undertaken.and the proper Department
asks for (lie means to ^o on with it. If a defi-
ciency lull (\>n properly embrace anything, tins
is one of (he items which it should include, unless
there be a. determination to abandon the work,
and that, I presume, is not the case. I see no
reason why an appiopriation for the hospital at
Galena should not be inserted as well as one for
the hospital at St. Mark's. The fact that the
\eilow fever prevailed fit St. Mark's last year
ou<j;ht to make no dill'eivnee. The same epidemic
may prevail at Galena within a year; perhaps it
j.s just as likely to prevail there as at Si. Mark's.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STUART. All 1 desire is, that in voting
on this question, the Senate shall not be under
the impression that the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends tins building. There is no such
recommendation from the Department. The let-
ter of the Secretary m the first sentence tells us
that "if a hospital" is to be erected at Galena,
this Department does not think $15,000 enough
to do it;" but i do not think the Secretary of the
Treasury entertains the opinion that it is neces-
sary or proper to erect a hospital there at all.
Such is not my understanding of his opinion.
There is a fact in respect to these marine hos-
pitals which ought not to he lost .sight of. I think
there is already one at Chicago, in the s.nne State
—Illinois. The erection and maintenance of on
hospital is a very expensive affair, and costs a
large amount of money. There are several cases
—I am not able to name them now—where it costs
hundreds of dollars to maintain half a dozen
seamen. "When you have a building you must
keep it in repair, and must maintain it; and if
you have but two sick individuals the expenses
are the same as if you had one hundred or two
hundred, with the exception of the weekly board.
The cost of maintaining seamen at some points
is very small annually, whereas, after you have
erected a building it is enormons.
Mr. HAMLIN. I stated expressly, in what I
said, that the Secretary of the Treasury had fur-
nished the estimate. It is true he did not say
whether, in his opinion, there should or should
not be an hospital at Galena, nor does he in the
letter which I hold in my hand say whether there
should or should not be a hospital at St. Mark's;
but he furnishes the estimate, and furnishes it
alike in both cases. In my judgment, that is not
now a question into which we should inquire.
That matter was considered at the last session,
and an appropriation was made. The question
now is, whether it shall be carried out in a way
suitable to the place, according to the estimate
.furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury?
| The two cases stand precisely on the same foot-
ing. They agiee in principle, though I admit
there may be a difference in degree as to the neces-
sity of the appropriation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope this appropriation
will not be made. I have been struggling for the
last two or three years in the Committee on Com-
merce to stop appropriations for marine hospitals
all over the country at points where there is no
earthly necessity for them, when the appropria-
tion is merely made for the purpose of placing a
pretty building in a town, and giving a salary to
one or two officers, while the sick could be taken
care of in private hospitals at an expense to the
Government of not more than one tenth of what
we are now paying for these hospitals. A few
marine hospitals m large ports, to take care of
the seamen who come in vast numbers from for-
eign countries, may be necessary; but in the
healthful cities of the interior, on the northern
lakes, and on the western rivers, the spreading
about of these public buildings for the purpose of
taking care occasionally of a stray seaman or a
stray steamboat-man, is, I think, the worst of all
possible systems; it is a perfect waste of the pub-
lic money. I did not agree to this report from
the Committee on Commerce, and I nope this
mode of spending the public money will be
stopped, for I believe it to be useless.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 12, noes 24.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate adopted the amendment
making an appropriation for the hospital at St.
Mark's.
The PRESIDENT. Did the Senator vote with
the majority ?
Mr. WILSON. There was no division.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman cannot move
a reconsideiation unless he voted with the ma-
jority.
Mr. WILSON. I did.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
reconsideration.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to say some-
thing in regard to that.
Mr. WELLER. Let us take the vote first on
the reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The amendment^ were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and the question was, "Shall the
bill as amended be passed ?"
Mr. PUGH. I have no wish to obstruct the
passage of this bill, but there arc several appro-
priations in it, in regard to which I should desire
to have an opportunity of voting on their own
merits. As I cannot reach them I shall be com-
pelled to vote against the bill. I cannot justify
myself in voting for $300,000 for the water-works
in this District, nor #20,000 for the distribution
of seeds from the Patent Office. I find that, in the
appropriation bill of 1855, over §40,000 were ap-
propriated for distributing seeds from the Patent
Office. This bill contains an appropriation of
$20,000 for the same purpose, making $60,000 in
a year. I think it time that we bad given some
attention to that matter. If I cannot strike that
item from the bill, I shall be compelled to vote
against it.
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot go back to con-
sider particular items; the question is now on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. PUGH. On that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 23, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
Bigler, Bngbt, Brodhead, Crittenden, Dodge, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, Hunter, Iveison, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Pratt, Rusk, .Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of
NewJeisey, Wellcr, and Yulee—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Butler, Evans, Fitz-
patriek, Hamlin, Mason, Push, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—11.
So the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. IIAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors wore
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 26, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approve
PUNISHMENT IN PENITENTIARIES.
Mr. WADE. I ask the consent of the House
to take tip from the Speaker's table Senate bill
(No. 6) relating to punishment in the peniten-
tiary. I hope there will be no objection, for
there is an imperative necessity for its passage.
It is a matter that concerns no one's private in-
terest, nor does it accomplish any purpose that
there can be objection to.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that there was a bill before the
House the other day which, if I recollect cor-
rectly, is to accomplish the same purpose.
The SPEAKER. It is the same bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, sir, there was an amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. H. Marshall.]
The SPEAKER. That amendment is now
pending to the bill. If the bill is taken up, the
first question will be upon concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I am not willing that the bill
should be considered in the absence of the gen-
tleman who offered the amendment.
A Member. He is present.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up and read.
It provides that prisoners convicted in the
United States circuit or district courts, when there
is no penitentiary in such district, may be sen-
tenced to any penitentiary within the State in
which such conviction may have taken place.
The amendment proposed by Mr. H. Mar-
shall is as follows:
Proindcd, That, if the u-o of the penitentiary shall be
refined m any Slate, jt shall he [lie duty of the mru.-hal to
execute the sentence of the court by oonfinmc the ciumnal
m iho penitentiary the u>c of winch that! bu giantcd
lot ^ueii puipo^e.
Mr. WADE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that amendment.
Mr. BARBOUR. I move the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Prowled further, That m all cases where the pu^on of
am i^tate lias heietotbre been used, with the assent of such
^tate, foi the imprisonment of anv pet,-on connoted in any
ooii't of the United States, no proceeding of any s?tate offi-
cer, other than an act of the Legislature, shall he consul-
rjed a icfu-al of th*1 State to allow the use of licr prison
for such nnprironment.
Mr. WALKER. I want to make a single
remark. It strikes me that the amendment to the
amendment is obnoxious to this objection: A
trial is had in one of our Federal courts, upon the
criminal side of that court; it results in a con-
viction. In the absence of any evidence of any
legislative action refusing the use of the State
penitentiary, m such a case as that, the officer of
the court, tfie marshal, carries the prisoner to that
penitentiary; but he is refused admission by the
keeper of the penitentiary. The question comes
up, what shall be done with the prisoner in the
custody of the marshal, if he cannot be transported
to any penitentiary out of the State? I have
no disposition to press any argument upon the
House, but it strikes me, at the first blush, that
