un
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 35,
consequences to ourselves, and settle this ques-
tion upon those principles of justice and equality
which ought always to characterize the action of
American freemen ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I speak here only for my-
self; and I say to this House, what I honestly
believe, that if the Territory of Kansas forms a
State constitution tolerating the institution of
slavery, it will be the result of the efforts of those
who are striving to make her a non-slaveholding
State. I did not vote for the Kansas-Nebraska
bill for the purpose of making Kansas a slave
State. I voted for it to remove an unconstitu-
tional restriction in the Territory, and to restore
that equality among the States of the Union
which existed at the adoption of the Federal
Constitution. I will not speak harshly of any
of the political parties of the country; but the
efforts of those in the free States to force upon
that Territory a system of laws and institutions
without regard to the interests or opinions of
the bona fide citizens thereof, has produced a
counter movement on the part of many in the
southern States, who did believe it important to
an institution, affecting alike their principles and
their interest, and to the Union, that the Terri-
tory of Kansas should be made a slaveholding
State. But, sir, when men go there, whether
from the North or from the South, to engage in
civil strife and disturb the public peace of the
country, I condemn them. Nor shall personal
consequences to myself ever prevent mo from
speaking my mind as freely in reference to the
conduct of citizens of my own section or State,
as of those who reside in a different latitude.
I care not what may be the sentiments of the
people of Massachusetts or of Vermont, of New
Yoik or of Pennsylvania: if their Representatives
come forward here and vote for fi just and equi-
table settlement of these questions in order to quiet
the public mind and thus preserve the Union, of the
States, they would be met, I am satisfied, by the
southern members of this House in a spirit such
as their constituents do not believe exists in that
section of the country. There is a conservative
feeling here, and I believe it exists with every
member from a southern State, and that feeling
rises far above any personal consideration affect-
ing individual memocis of this House, ltis time
we should quit talking-of the South, of the North,
of the East, or of the West. It is time wc should
come together, and talk as one people in regard to
our great country, and the interests which are to
affect its future prosperity and future happiness.
I wish to see these sectional feelings laid aside.
It is time that members should summon the cour-
age to create, instead of following the public sen-
"timent of their particular districts. If there were
any quality to be admired above all others in that
distinguished man from the State of Massachu-
setts who fell here in this hall at what he consid-
ered his post of duty, (John Qunicy Adams,) it
was that he never attempted to follow, but always
to lead, public opinion in his own section oS the
country. This was a virtue in him which I al-
ways admired. Are there not now here from the
North men who, regardless of the public clamor
that reigns in their country, excited by dem-
agogues—by men who hope to ride into public
power upon the public excitement which they
have created—are there, I say, no men hero from
the northern States who, belonging to that party
which have been denominated the Republican
party, are ready to step fonvard and create a
sound public opinion in their own section, instead
of following in the wake of that morbid sentiment
fermented by those who care not a groat for the
honor of their country, or for the perpetuity of
our free institutions ? 1 hope that there are some.
I believe there are men enough in this House, if
left to their own sober judgment, irrespective of
the feelings which have been improperly excited,
of their constituents, irrespective of the public
clamor that has been raised in their immediate
districts, who are conservative in their notions
and feelings and principles, and who desire aset-
tlement of this question on principles just, fair,
and equitable to all sections of the Union. I hope
that that will be done; and when it is done, I will,
so far as I am concerned, have no desire to be
any longer a member of the Congress of the
United States.
In accordance with my promise, I now renew
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. GROW. Before making the motion to go
into the Committeeof the Whole on the state of the
Union, I will submit the usual resolution to close
debate in Committee of the Whole upon the bill
providing for the erection of a penitentiary in the
Territory of Nebraska in five minutes after the
consideration of the same is resumed in committee.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will extend the time to fifteen minutes.
Mr. GROW. In obedience to the wishes of
the Delegate from Kansas, I will extend the time
for closing debate to fifteen minutes.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS—AGAIN.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, if I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] his
object is to avoid referring the bill for the admis-
sion of Kansas to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Do I understand the
gentleman correctly?
Mr. GROW, That is my desire.
Mr. DUNN spoke some fifteen minutes in refer-
ence to the admission of Kansas. His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union;
but before that motion is put I will, in answer
to the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana,
trespass for a moment on the time of the House.
Several Members. Has not the gentleman from
Indiana moved the reference of the Kansas bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand him to do so.
Mr. DUNN. I rose to make the motion, that
the bill for the admission of Kansas into the Union
as a State be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and I distinctly
announced it as my wish.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not sub-
mit the motion.
Mr. DUNN. I intended to submit the motion.
I announced that such was my intention, and I
do not presume that any particular form is neces-
sary.
The SPEAKER. The motion was not made.
The Chair will state, however, for the informa-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, that the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union can be made at
any time before the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. GROW. Before the question is taken on
the motion which I have made, that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I wish to say a few
words in reply to the interrogatory of the gentle-
man from Indiana. He knows, as well as any
man in this House, that to send the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union at this stage of the session is equivalent
to its defeat. This talk about sending a bill to
the committee in order that it may be perfected,
so as to meet the object we have in view, is very
often heard on this floor, but when you send it
to the Committee of the Whole it is dead. This
kind of affection I do not understand. If any-
thing is to be done with this bill for a State gov-
ernment for Kansas, it can be done in the House;
and every man who votes to send it to the com-
mittee might as well vote against the bill itself.
So far as perfecting it is concerned, it is not a bill
that requires the ordinary process of perfection.
The question is, are we willing that Kansas
shall be admitted into this Union as a State ?
One would imagine, from what the gentleman
has said, that in this instance, to admit a State
into the Union, a great wrong would be com-
mitted, and that the graves of our forefathers
would be desecrated. Now, where is the great
wrong in admitting Kansas, and relieving her
people from the oppression under which she has
so long suffered ? What rights are trampled
i down ? The gentleman says that the Governor
! and Lieutenant Governor are under mdictmcnt
j for treason. Suppose they are; when we admit
I Kansas as a State she takes the place of the pre-
vious Federal authority; she becomes a sovereign
State; and let the Federal court keep her Gov-
ernor and Lieutenant Governor in irons at its
peril, when this Congress has declared that they
have done nothing but what they had a right to
<Io. If there be anything like an indictment for
treason when men have done what Congress
declared they had the right to do, we can provide
for it hereafter.
I now move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Uniom. I hope
that the motion will be agreed to, and that the
House will proceed to the consideration of the
territorial business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to announce to
the House that I desire on to-morrow to make
some remarks on the proposition to admit Kansas
into the Union as a State.
TROPIC BIRD.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that that committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act to authorize the
issue of a register to the bark Tropic Bird; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. DUNN. If the motion to go into com-
mittee be voted down, will it not be in order then
to move that the bill for the admission of Kansas
into the Union asaState be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman can make that
motion to-morrow, if he likes.
Mr. DUNN. I prefer to make it now.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection at all to his
making the motion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdraws his motion to go into com-
mittee, and the gentleman from Indiana moves
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the motion to
commit to the Committee of the Whole will,
under the rules, have precedence of the pending
motion to recommit.
Mr. DUNN. I now make the motion, that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is that motion
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, inasmuch as it ia
covered by the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should like to give a few
reasons why I shall be compelled to vote against
the motion of my friend from Indiana.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Pennsylvania will not withdraw lus
motion.
Mr. GROW. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There are many mem-
bers who are absent, under the belief that no vote
would be taken to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
had withdrawn his motion, so that a vote might
be had on the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana, He has not done so; and the question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. HAVEN. If we go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union with the
motion pending to recommit the bill, and also a
motion that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the .Union, will it not be
in order to-morrow, before the question is put,
to assign reasons on the subject of reference?
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, a motion to recommit a bill makes it the
business first in order at the next sitting. To-
morrow, then, the whole question will be up for
discussion—either in regard to the motion to re-
commit, to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or to the general dis-
position of the bill.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Has the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana been received?
The SPEAKER. It has.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow s mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
NEBRASKA PENITENTIARY.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
