73«
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9?
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. of Reps.
fully established by the facts set out in the report,
and needs only to be stated to be evident.
But, again, it is said that, at the time Mr. Sum-
ner was assailed, he was at his desk, directing
and franking off his speech. But there would
seem to be a peculiar fitness and justice in his
being taken just in the fact, and punished while
in the act of sending off and diffusing his libel-
ous publication. It is contended, however, that
he was in the line of his duty, &c. So he would
have been if writing in the same way in his room,
or going to or from the Capitol, or to one of the
Departments on business. Undoubtedly the per-
son of a Senator ought to be protected when doing
his proper business. So, however, ought the
farmer and mechanic in their business, likewise.
Their occupations are just as important to the
well-being of the country as the duties of legisla-
tors. The persons engaged in them all, as well
as other citizens, have an equal right to be pro-
tected from assaults ; but the Senator has no
higher claim than the others.
But there is another circumstance which lias
been handled a good deal to the prejudice of my
friend from South Carolina. I am not undertaking
to defend him, so far as to say that his act was
right in itself, in a legal sense. I admit that it was
a breach of the law, and the gentleman has been
indicted and punished for it in the courts, as the
law provides. But, nevertheless, my object is to
show that there is nothing in the case which
ought to induce the House to take cognizance of
it, or to excite the country. It is said that the
gentleman from South Carolina did not give suffi-
cient notice to the Senator from Massachusetts.
There is a great deal said on that point to create
a prejudice in the public mind.
Well, sir, I do not know how much is to be
considered sufficient notice in such cases. I have
heard of a good many cases of assault and bat-
tery, and I do not, at this time, recollect any one
where more notice was given than in this case.
What would be sufficient noticc for one man
would not be sufficient notice for another, per-
haps. If a gentleman bearing the same relations
to another as the gentleman from South Carolina
bore to the Senator from Massachusetts, had
gone to him, and told him, after such a prelim-
nary statement as was made, that he intended to
punish him for his speech, I would consider that
to be notice enough to most men of ordinary cour-
age and promptness. 1 have known men to at-
tempt to cane others for offenses or insult, and
have a regular set-to; and very probably the as-
sailant would be worsted. 1 will say this, in
justice to the gentleman from South Carolina,
that it sufficiently appears, I think, that, after his
speech, he, in the first instance, gave purposely
a slight blow with the small end of his cane,
which, in fact, alone he used during the whole
occurrence, and that Mr. Sumner was on his feet
before any second blow was given. Of course
the gentleman from South Carolina did not want
to give so much notice as would enable the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to get out of the way,
or have the gentleman from South Carolina bqjind
to keep the peace; at the same time he gave, cer-
tainly, more notice than is usually given in these
cases. But perhaps the House will say that, in«
this case, the notice was not sufficient. Now, I
submit that, if this position is to be taken by
the House, it should first determine how much
notice is necessary. To condemn the gentleman
from South Carolina now on that ground is very
much in the nature of passing an ex post facto
law. It is to hold him responsible for the viola-
tion of a rule which has not been adopted. I
am free to confess that I very much prefer that,
if assaults and batteries are to occur, the parties
should have an equqil chance.
There is nothing more fortifying to a brave
in&n than to be assailed at a disadvantage where
he has not an equal chance to repel the assault.
If that be the fact in the case of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I sympathize with him;
but if, on the contrary, he would have made no'
effort to defend hinself, or repel the assault, then
I say it matters not whether the notice was long
or short; it is merely a question how much per-
sonal suffering he was compelled to endure, and
that is a question for the courts to decide. If the
gentleman from South Carolina assailed without
provocation, then the courts should punish him.
If he had provocation, but was excessive in the
injuries inflicted, then the punishment should be
suited to the aggravation of the offense. The courts
have taken cognizance of the matter by indict-
ment, and if the Senator desires it he can bring
his action likewise for damages. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is not satisfied with
the redress given him by law, then I know that
I do no more than justice to my friend from South
Carolina when I say that he will be gratified to
give him an even chance in any mode that that
gentleman would suggest. But if he does not
choose to avail himself of that opportunity, he has
a similar right to make an assault himself. These
are his remedies: first, the indictment already de-
termined; secondly, a civil action for damages;
thirdly, a challenge; and fourthly,an attack on his
assailant.
These I take to be sufficient, without any action
of this House.
I have no more to say upon this branch of the
subject. I will now advert to what I conceive
to be the most interesting and important subject
involved in this case. 1 know that education,
manner of life, and associations, as well as mental
peculiarities, cause persons to differ in their feel-
ings and judgments in relation to occurrences of
this kind. Still, I venture to say that nearlyeverv
man—I will not say every man—will agree with
me, that there may be cases of vituperation and
calumny so outrageous as, under certain circum-
stances, to justify an assault and battery. In
a country where there is liberty of speech and
liberty of the press, there is very apt to be licen-
tiousness in both. Sir, I wish to be distinctly
understood that I am in favor of liberty of speech,
and of liberty of the press. I put it upon the
same ground that I put the right of liberty of
motion. Any man in this country has the right
to move about as he pleases; but if he treads
upon my toes I have the right to throw him off.
A man has the right to move his arm as he
pleases; but if he moves it so as to strike me
violently, I have the right to resent the blow by
force. In the same manner, liberty of speech
and of the press may be exercised; but if a man
carries it to licentiousness, so as to do great
wrong to others, he should be held responsi-
ble.
When upon this subject I avail myself of the
authority of perhaps the most distinguished man
ever born in Massachusetts, and one of the great-
est men born in any country—a no less distin-
guished man than Benjamin Franklin. Every
gentleman knows that he was a cool, calm, saga-
cious and philosophic man. And, sir, late in life,
when his sun was past its meridian, during the
first year of Washington's administration, de-
fending freedom of speech and of the press, lie
expressed himself in this language. I read from
the second volume of the works of Franklin, by
Sparks, and from an article under the head of
"Political Economy," dated September, 1789.
After speaking of the abuses of the liberty of
the press, and the necessity of some safeguard or
corrective, he says:
" But X have been at a loss to imagine any that may not be
construed an infringement of the sacred liberty of the press.
At length, however, I think I have found one that, instead
of diminishing general liberty, shall augment it; which is
by restoring to the people a species of liberty, of which
they have been deprived by our laws—I mean the liberty
of the cudgel. In the rude state of society prior to the ex-
istence of laws, if one man gave another ill language, the
affronted person would return it by a box on the ear, and
if repeated, by a good drubbing; and this without offending
against any law. But now the right of making such return
is denied, and they are punished as breaches of the peace,
while the right of abusing seems to remain in full force,
the laws made against it being rendered ineffectual by the
liberty of the press.
" My proposal then, is, ta leave the liberty of the press
untouched, to be exercised in its full extent, force, and
vigor; but to permit the liberty of the cudgel to go with it
pari pass#. Thus, my fellow-citizens, if an impudent writer
attacks your reputation, dearer to you perhaps than your
life, And puts his name to the charge, you may go to him as
openly and break his head. If he conceals himself behind
the printer, and you can nevertheless discover who he is,
you may in like manner waylay him in the night, attack
him behind, and give him a good drubbing.
" If, however, it should be thought that this proposal of
mine may disturb the public peace, I would then humbly
recommend to our legislators to take up the consideration
of both liberties, that of the press, and that of the cudgel,
and by an explicit law make their extent and limits; and,
at the same time that they secure the person of a citizen (
from assaults, they would likewise provide for the security
of his reputation."
Sir, I stand with Franklin upon this ground.
Every offense that can exist ought to be punished
in some way or other. Most men will avow that
their characters are dearer to them than their
persons, or even their lives. Every one will
admit that there is no adequate punishment pro-
vided for offenses against character, certainly
none by the laws. And if the doctrines of the
report of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] are adopted, h results that there is to be
no punishment whatever for offenses of this kind
when committed by Senators.
I maintain, sir, this great proposition: that,
in accordance with the system of the universe,
and the laws of Providence, there should be ade-
quate punishment foreach offense. Thisis equally
true as respects the moral, the physical, and the
organic laws, as exhibited to us in the world
around us, and explained in revelation. I might,
if it were necessary, substantiate this view by
innumerable instances. The object of govern-
ments and of society is to provide a sufficient
punishment for every wrong done to the citizen.
But, from necessity, it leaves him, in many in-
stances, the right of redress in his own hands.
I further affirm that, upon the doctrines of the
report of the majority, there can be no remedy
whatever against assaults upon the character of
the citizen, however gross, wanton, and malicious
they may be, if made by a Senator. Even as
against licentious attacks from the press, no ade-
quate remedy has as yet been provided by law;
and if left solely to legal proceedings, the charac-
ter of the purest and most innocent man or woman
is liable to be utterly ruined.
Gentlemen need not tell me that the force of pub-
lic opinion is sufficient to correct the evil. Sup-
pose, for example, a man steals your horse: you
may tell him, forsooth, that he will lose his char-
acter by stealing; that he will be excluded from
all gooa society; that he will be tabooed and lose
the respect of the community; but will this be a
sufficient check? He will care nothing for it,
because the classof men who commit such offenses
do not care for public opinion. Upon the same
principle, those men who indulge in vituperation
and calumny, and delight to vilify other people,
thereby clearly show themselves to be dead to
all sense of shame, and hence care nothing for
pulSlic opinion. If they did, of course they would
not indulge in such practices. If a dog barks
at me, and I strike or kick him, you might say
to me that if I did not like his barking, F ought
I to be content with barking back at him. If a
| man, standing in a ditch, would throw dirt at
those passing by, he might say, if beaten, that it
was wrong, and that others should be content
with throwing back mud on him. So those men
; who vilify other people would doubtless say, if
I it were left to their wishes, that all who were as-
sailed by them should be content with replies in
abusive language. By this mode of conducting
the contest, they would suffer nothing; because,
being engaged in an occupation suitable to their
gross tastes, and insensible to shame, of course
they would suffer nothing, and would, on the
contrary, have the malicious and mean gratifica-
tion of seeing honorable and sensitive men de-
graded to their own level. Such wrong-doers are
therefore only to be corrected and restrained bv
the application of the "cudgel;" by bringing to
bear on them, in other words, a punishment which
they can feel. No one expects to. induce a lazy
horse to pull by telling him that it is his duty to
do it, or to correct a vicious dog by reading to
liim the ten commandments. So I maintain that
you have a moral right to use such applications
to common vilifiers and calumniators as they
will acknowledge and feel the force of. This
has been the practice of the world in all ages,
and I maintain that it rests on sound principles.
I would act on it, under some circumstances,
myself, and I justify morally any other man who
resorts to it. I admit thta our laws are made
differently in this District and in my own State.
If a man vilifies another grossly and he is beaten,
in my State, the judgment of the court is that he
be fined one sixpence. Over the line, in Georgia,
the jury would take the words into account, and
acquit him. But in every instance the community
