1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
the amendment to the amendment is obnoxious
to the objection which I have suggested.
Mr. BARBOUR. I was not favorable to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. H. Marshall] to the original bill.
I thought there was no occasion for such an
amendment, inasmuch as no State in the Union
has, so far as I know, ever refused to allow the
use of her penitentiary to persons convicted and
sentenced to be imprisoned in the penitentiary by
the United States court.
I understand that the gentleman from Kentucky
relies upon certain proceedings which took place
in the State of "Wisconsin. Now, sir, I may not
be as well posted as to the proceedings relied
upon as some gentlemen from that State, but as
I understand the matter, the proceedings were
about these: A person was convicted in the United
States court, and sentenced to the penitentiary, in
the State of Wisconsin. He was imprisoned
in the penitentiary. The case, however, come
up before one of the judges of the supreme court
of the State upon a writ of habeas corpus, as to the
lawfulness of the imprisonment. The question
involved was as to the right of imprisonment. If
he had been confined in a United States peniten-
tiary within the State, the proceedings would
have been precisely the same. The right of using
the State penitentiary was not questioned. This
Wisconsin case, therefore, cannot be urged as
piViper ground upon which to predicate this
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment is intended
to meet just such a case. If a person is discharged
from imprisonment on the ground that the im-
prisonment in itself is illegal, without reference to
the place of the imprisonment, then the question
does not come up as to the assent of a State; and
I would not allow the United States officer to.gay,
because a probate judge, or other judge, has dis-
charged a man on a habeas corpus, that therefore
the State has refused to allow the use of her prisons.
The State can allow the use of her prisons only
by act of the Legislature. This amendment to
the amendment supposes that the Legislature has
given the assent of the State, because its provis-
ions apply to cases where the State's prisons have
been used with the assent of the State; and in no
case have State prisons been used without the
consent of the State.
1 conceive that the consent of the State cannot
be properly withdrawn otherwise than by a law
of the Legislature; and no officer of the United
States Government ought to be allowed to con-
strue any act of a State officer as a refusal to use
a State prison; and no officer ought to decide that
the State lias refused to allow the imprisonment,
merely because a question has been litigated in a
State court involving a right to imprison on a
particular charge. The right to imprison on a
particular charge is one thing, and the right to
imprison in a particular place is another.
The amendment to the amendment is offered
by me in order to meet some of the objections
which I should have to the amendment itself. I
am opposed to the amendment, and for this rea-
son: It presupposes that the States will refuse
to the United States the use of the State prisons;
a thing which has never yet occurred in the United
States', as I am at present advised; and until it does
occur, I deem it improper for Congress to volunteer
to legislate on the subject, supposing that it will
occur. I conceive that it cannot properlyoccur,
unless a-State is derelict in its duty; and it is no
more proper for us to suppose that a State will
be derelict in its duty to the United States than
it is for us to legislate on the supposition that
the United States may some day usurp power
which properly belongs to the States. Tne States
have a sovereignty of a certain character of which
there is no doubt. The United States have a
smeiuignty of a certain character. The citizen
of a State ought never to be removed out of that
soveiein-nty to which ho owes allegiance, and has
the right to look for protection, as far as a citizen
has a right to look for protection to a State; lie
ought always to have that right secured to him.
"We have no right to say that lie shall be trans-
ported beyond tin) jurisdiction of the State, and
therefore beyond its protection. A man sent to
a penitentiary has the same right to the protection
of his Government as any other mail. He has
the same rights, subject to a disability for the
time he must undergo imprisonment, in order
that the judgment of the court may be executed
upon him. Beyond that he has the right to look
to his own sovereignty for protection, inasmuch
as he is bound to yield allegiance to it. If we
undertake to transport prisoners beyond the lim-
its of their State, we transport them beyond the
means of protection from their Government. I
am opposed to the original amendment on that
ground. I conceive that the amendment to that
amendment, which I have offered, will in part
meet the objections to which I have called the
attention of the House.
Mr. ORR. From the remarks of the gentle-
man from Indiana, I suppose there is an important
principle involved in the bill. Was the bill taken
from the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It was, and the question
now is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ORR. It is a Senate bill, and it has, then,
not undergone the scrutiny of any of the standing
committees of this House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. This is a Senate bill;
but the bill and the amendment in terms have
been before the Judiciary Committee of this
House.
Mr. ORR. Has that committee had its atten-
tion directed to the particular subject-matter of
the bill?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir, and the majority
have decided against the amendment.
Mr. ORR. I supposed when the bill was read
that it was merely local in its character—that no
particularly important principle was involved—
that it was merely for the convenience of the con-
stituents of the gentleman from Ohio.
The discussion satisfies me that it goes beyond
that. The objection taken by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] I thought, was well
taken, and I hoped to have heard the gentleman
from Indiana make an explanation. Where a
prisoner is carried to a State penitentiary, and
the officer there refuses to admit bun, the marshal
would have no authority to go elsewhere—though
the refusal is simply because the State Legislature
had not passed a law to prohibit the use of the
penitentiary. What is to be done with the prisoner
m the mean time ?
Mr. BARBOUR. I meant to have answered
that point made by the gentleman from Alabama,
by stating that no such case has yet arisen m the
United States; and that it is not proper for us to
volunteer legislation on a case which has never
yet arisen, and which it is probable never will
arise.
Mr. ORR. It is a case which may arise. It
may be from the mere caprice of the keeper of
the penitentiary that the refusal is made, and then,
let me ask, what remedy has the marshal in his
hands? I think, from the discussion which has
taken place, that this bill ought to go to one. of
the committees of the House—to the Judiciary
Committee.- Let them examine it; and, if they
deem them necessnry, let them report it back
with amendments-.letthem make such suggestions
as they may think proper. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. WADE. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his motion, so that I may explain.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman can explain as well
with my motion pending.
Mr. WADE. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
came from the Senate it simply authorized the
district courts of the northern district of Ohio
and the northern district of Illinois to sentence
persons convicted of crimes, the punishment for
which was imprisonment at hard labor, to a
State prison in the State, instead of the district
in which the conviction took place. As the law
now stands, it requires the imprisonment in the
district of the conviction. In the State of Ohio
we have a northern district. The court tlicrc
has hold its first and second terms. Several per-
sons have been convicted of penitentiary offenses;
some are convicted for embezzlement from the
post office, some for counterfeiting, and others
for robbing the mail. The penitentiary of the
State of Ohio is in the southern district. "We
simply ask that this House will agree to the bill
as it came from the Senate, and allow the judge
to pass sentence on those convicts to the peni-
tentiary of the State which, as I have already-
said, is ill the southern district of the State. This
I is all there is in the bill, and all there will be,
unless gentlemen choose to load it down with
their amendments. If these amendments are per-
sisted in, I hope the House will vote them down,
and pass the bill, not for my convenience, but for
the public good. It applies to no other States
than Ohio and Illinois. It applies in so many-
words to only those two States, and to the north-
ern districts of those States.
I want to say one single word further in ex-
planation of this matter, to show how unreason-
able it is that so simple a proposition as this should
be delayed from month to month. Convicts from
the United States courts have been in the jail at
Cleveland for two or three months, awaiting the
passage of an act of Congress to enable the judge
to pass sentence upon them; and the judge has
been obliged to keep the term of his court open
for more than two months, awaiting the passage
of this bill through Congress.
Mr. ORR. Give them credit for the imprison-
ment they have undergouc.
Mr. WADE. No, sir; the judge cannot do
that where the term of imprisonment is fixed by
law at a minimum.
Besides this consideration, it is an expensive
operation to the Government to keep the court
open; and process cannot be returned, and civil
issue cannot be made, without new rules of the
court. I say it is unreasonable to these two
States to load this bill down with a principle, and
thus delay its immediate passage. I appeal to
the House to vote down both of the amendments,
and immediately put the bill through.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have no particular
interest in this bill; but I think it ought to pass.
I think the two amendments proposed to this bill,
which only applies to two States, ought to be
voted down, and that the original bill ought to
pass in the shape in which it came from the
Senate. I am aware of the difficulty which pre-
sents itself to the United States courts in Ohio
and Illinois under existing law.
Mr. ORR. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. ORR. Has it occurred to the gentleman
that the first section of this bill is general m its
terms? The second section, it is true, is limited
in its operation to the States of Ohio and Illinois,
but the other sections are general, and therefore
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky is proper. If the whole bill was re-
stricted to those two States alone the amendment
might not be necessary.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That docs not obviate
the necessity of passing the bill immediately.
The object of the bill, as was the case when the
State of Arkansas was divided into two judicial
districts, is to authorize a court which shall be
held m a district in which the State prison is not
located, to sentence a prisoner to confinement in
a prison in a district m the State other than that
in which the court is held. Such I understand
to be the object of this bill. When the State of
Arkansas was divided into two judicial districts,
Congress passed a law authorizing the court of
the western district to sentence prisoners to un-
dergo punishment in the State penitentiary in the
eastern district, although that penitentiary was
without the territorial jurisdiction of that court.
Some prisoners were kept in jail for near two
years, because there was no law of Congress au-
thorizing the court at the time of conviction to
pass such a sentence. As a consequence, sen-
tence was suspended, and a number of prisoners,
as I have understood, died in jail. It strikes me,
then, that the bill ought to pass, and that the
amendments should be voted down. The first
section is intended to cover cases that may arise
ill future, and which will obviate the necessity of
special legislation should divisions hereafter take
place, or the number of judicial districts be in-
creased.
Mr KEITT. I call for the previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that demand.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman renew it?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will.
Mr. KEITT. Then I will withdraw it.
Mr'. BILLINGHURST. 1 hope the gentlu-
inan from Kentucky will allow mo to make a
remark just here, inasmuch as the State of Wis-
consin has been alluded to.
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
