1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. of Reps.
would morally justify or excuse the act. And
you will find, in every case, that where a man is ,
grossly insulted, and beats the one who insulted }
him, men will say, that though he has violated |
the law, he was excusable for it, and the courts ,
punish him lightly. On the other hand, if he
acts without just provocation, the courts will
punish him severely. I hold, then, that the only
effective way now known to reach men of this
sort, is the one to which I have referred.
Mr. Speaker, I dislike to characterize Mr. Sum-
xer's speech, for several reasons. In the first
place, I do not like to assail personally anybody,
or to seem to speak offensively of a member of
either House, if I can avoid so doing. In fact,
I never have been called to account for an offens-
ive remark towards any member, during my
service here. In the second place, I dislike to
refer in terms of severity to one who is under-
stood to be a non-combatant. I feel differently
about one who might call me to account; there
is something not disagreeably exciting sometimes
in that. In the third place, I am especially averse
to attacking any man who has been assailed by
another, and failed to make any defense. Lastly,
sir, it is reported—whether truly or not seems to
be doubted—that Mr. Sumner has not yet en-
tirely recovered. There are two opposite stories
as to this point, and the public will find out which
is true after a while.
Nevertheless, that g«ntleman stands in an atti-
tude now of & man who has brought an action
for slander, or rather he is like a man who has
brought an action for damages for an assault*and
battery. His character and conduct, then, come
necMSarily to be reviewed. In that way I sun
obliged to allude to his speech, well knowing that
political opponents will profess not to see the dif-
ference between his position and that of other
members whom it would not be right for me to
assail. And again, while describing his speech, I
have a difficulty to encounter which is embarass-
ing.
If 1 should characterize that gentleman's speech
fairly and truly, as a judge charging a jury would
bave to characterize it, I must adopt a language
and manner more like Cicero^s second philippic
against Antony, than anything else I can think of.
16tand before the public—if I shall attempt to do
justice to that speech as I look on it, and as I sup-
pose the whole country looks on it, for I have heard
out one opinion about it—I stand in the attitude of
a man who seems to be assailing and denonucing
somebody, and I regret to be placed in 8117 such
rosition. I will therefore pass over it as lightly as
can, to do anything like justice to thegentleman
from South Carolina. It is agreed by almost
, everybody that the speech of Mr. Sumner is the
most offensive, and scurrilous ever heard in either
House of Congress. I have no doubt you may,
by looking through the debates, find here and
the*e a phrase as Gad perhaps, or nearly as bad,
as any one used inthatspeech. He has, however,
made a general collection, seemingly, of all the
gross and offensive expressions accessible to him,
written them out, and occupied two days in their
delivery. We of the South nave been accustomed
to this sort of denunciation and abuse for a long
while. I know that northern gentlemen cannot
appreciate, perhaps our feelings in this respect.
Let me put this case to them. Suppose any gen-
tleman here from the North lived directly on the
street, and some knave or other, should stand
opposite the house and vilify him and his family
with all manner of vituperative epithets; the
gentleman remonstrates, but the vilifier says:
" I admit that I have not the right to interfere
with your family affairs—that belongs to your-
self; but I have the freedom of speech, and I '
mean to exercise it to show up the turpitude of
your family, to expose its ignominy, and show
that it embraces in its conduct the sum of all ,
villainies." He stands there from day to day, and
for a long term of years, and continues his slan- ,
der and vituperation. There is a crowd of loafers .
around him to laugh at his insults. You know
that that man is saying what he does not believe,
and, in fact, knows to be infamously false, yet he !
continues it merely to gratify these low and mean !
blackguards, to obtain their votes. Now, I put J
it to gentlemen, how many years would you ,
allow a man to stand before your door to vilify Ij
New Sejries—No. 47.
you in that way? If the man, after bearing it for
awhile, went out and cudgeled the slanderer, how
many here would blame him ? If one half of what
is said in that speech were said by any knave on
Pennsylvania avenue against the community, and
some one of those assailed should, after awhile,
! cudgel him, would not everybody, including the
1 preachers and women, say that it was good for
him ? Is there any difference because this thing
is done by a Senator who is shielded from a suit
for slander or an indictment for libel by his sena-
torial privileges ? On the contrary, ought not a
Senator, invested as he is with some extraordi-
nary privileges, to be more scrupulous ? I admit
that for words spoken in debate in the Senate
you cannot bring suit against Mr. Sumner; but
does not that increase his moral guilt ?
I must, however, refer to the scene of the de-
livery of this speech itself. I happened to be in
the Senate for naif an hour during its delivery.
I was there also two years ago, when a similar
speech was made. I looked around over the
Senate. I saw a body of gentlemen—some forty
or fifty in number, many of them high-toned men,
with nice sense of honor and delicacy of feeling—
sitting quietly listening to fierce denunciations
of themselves, their section, and people, in the
grossest language that offensive vituperation and
calumny could assume. They bore the infliction
not patiently, but still tolerated it without stop-
ping it by its merited chastisement, out of defer-
ence to the rules of the Senate, and consideration
for the State of the Senator, for one, two, and I
believe three days on one occasion. It struck me
at the time as the most remarkable exhibition of
human forbearance ever exhibited in the world.
It was a sight never seen in any country but our
own, where there is allowed the greatest latitude of
speech, and the greatest deference is paid to con-
stitutional rights. Such denunciation would not
be allowed in any State Legislature. All the mem-
bers there being of the same State, the man using
such language would soon be brought to the point
and suddenly stopped.
In the Senate it was different. Owing to the
sectional feelings now prevailing—the division of
sentiment between the North ana the South, Sen-
ators, rather than risk adding to the ill-feeling
already prevailing,between the two sections, felt
it to be their duty to sit still, and submit ts such
outrages in a hall intended for consultation be-
tween the representatives of the thirty-one sover-
eign States. As to the speech itself, it would be
preposterous to refer to it as an argument—a mere
mockery to speak of it as an oratorical or lite-
rary effort. It is a collection of scraps seized and
appropriated for their supposed value or beauty,
and jumbled together as pearls or counterfeit gems
would be by swine. Or rather, it reminds me of
the fable of the jackdaw that gathered the feathers
of various kinds of birds, and put them on, to
variegate its own dusky coat. The only thing
! original in that speech is the grossness with which
he stains all that he has borrowed; and really I do
not know, sir, but that I ought to take that back.
Perhaps, if you, Mr. Speaker, and I were to go
to the places where such language is used, we
might find that the indelicacy and coarseness of
the speech, like all else about it, was borrowed.
And such a speech was delivered not only in a
full Senate, but to a gallery crowded with refined
and delicate ladies. Why, sir, in my own section
of the country, such language is not used in pub-
lic discussions, where men only are congregated.
And if a candidate for the petty office of consta-
ble were to indulge in such phrases at a muster
ground, where there was but one old woman sell-
ing beer and cakes, he would be silenced at once
by those present. It is most extraordinary that
any man accustomed to the association of decent
persons should have made such an exhibition of
himself. 1 can only account for it on this hy-
pothesis. Mr. Sumner is nearly allied to the
school of Garrison and Wendel Phillips, who
openly profess to be disunionists,-and are making
constant efforts to destroy this Government.
Doubtless Mr. Suhner entertains the same views,
and is desirous of bringing the Senate into dis-
grace, so as to contribute powerfully to getting
the wholeGovernmentintodisrepute, and thereby
hasten its overthrow.
The manner, too, of its delivery was in keep-
ing with the speech itself. Whether considered
with reference to its impudence and insolence of
tone, its gesticulation and all the accompanying
! circumstances, it was obviously intended to be
as offensive and disgusting as it was possible to
make it.
Such a speech, so delivered, was quietly lis-
tened to by the Senate, out of respect for one of
the States, which he claimed to represent. I may
well say that the Senate then exhibited the greatest
regard for liberty of speech that it is possible to
conceive.
I now recur to the principle already stated, and
hold with Franklin that no man has a right to
indulge in vituperation without being liable to
be called to account for it. I confess, however,
that I prefer the old mode of seeking redress, and
that even the duel is less objectionable to me than
the resort to summary violence, when it is prac-
ticable to do so. I know that there is a great
clamor in the country against dueling, and I ad-
mit that it is an evil. So is hanging an evil, if
you look at the case by itself. So is it an evil to
tie a poor devil of a thief to the whipping-post.
, But these are less evils than the crimes for which
they are punishments, and which would be in-
i definitely multiplied but for such checks. Sis-
mondi was right when he declared that one of
the principal means of civilizing modern Europe
toas the duel.
By holding men responsible for their conduct,
you restrain excesses. Hence forbearance, jus-
tice, and courtesy of manner are the results. It
is a silly notion of some people that dueling ne-
cessarily makes men quarrelsome and overbear-
ing. On the contrary, men of courage are rarely,
if ever, abusive, ana are generally regardful of
the feelings of others. If a man of that sort seeks
a difficulty, however, he uses only a single word
to effect his purpose. But the men who are fond
of vilification and abuse of others are generally
craven cowards, who intend at the same time
to shelter themselves from responsibility.
I am sorry to say that it is quite a common
remark that the Senate of the United States has
degenerated; and so it has. When I first came
here, it was the most orderly and dignified body
I ever saw. But four or five Abolitionists got
into it, who, professing to be non-combatants,
nevertheless thought to give themselves conse-
quence at home by denunciation and abuse of
their opponents; and as they could not, under the
rules, be effectually punished, so as to make them
behave like gentlemen, other Senators were oc-
casionally tempted to retort in strong language;
so that the Senate has got to such a pass, that
'recently the oldest paper published in this city,
alluding to a debate that had taken place one day
in that body, said that it was gratifying that noth-.
ing personally offensive had occurred. The Sen-
ate has been brought down to that condition, that
it is thought to be a matter of congratulation if
they can debate without excitement and person-
ality for a whole day! Some of these Senators
say, " I have abused you, and mean to do it when
I like; I will notfight you, however, in anyway;
but, if you attack me, I will defend myself." I
must be pardoned for saying, that 1 think that
aggravates the offense. Suppose a man vilifies
me, and says, "I will notfight you on equal
terms, but, if you attack me, I will defend my-
self." Sir, if I attack him, and he kills me, he
goes unpunished; but should I kill him I must, in
law, be held guilty of murder, and whether I
escape capital punishment or not, I am seriously
injured. A man who has no fear of personal in-
jury in the collision may nevertheless well shrink
from placing himself in the attitude of a felon.
These men say, however, that if attacked they
will defend their bodies. So do all animals, from
the highest, down to the crawling worm. When
men, therefore, willingly assail others by vitu-
peration, without intending to be personally
responsible, they necessarily occupy a most
cowardly attitude; but when they declare that
they will resist attacks, if made on them, by this
pretense to a sort of show of courage, they ex-
hibit the greatest hypocrisy; and when thus they
add hypocrisy to cowardice, they have crept down
into the lowest, the most contemptible and de-
graded position that humanity can descend to.
Such is my opinion, and I stand on it. At the
