THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYE9, WASHINGTON B. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1856.
NEK Seriss. . ,-,No. 93.-
(Mr. Letter in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making an appropriation for
the erection of a penitentiary in the Territory of
Nebraska: the pendiig question being on the fol-
lowing amendment offered by Mr. Walker:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the sum of $30,000
be, and the same hereby, appropriated to build a peniten-
tiary in the Territory of Kansas, under the same conditions
as are contained in the provisoes ot the first section of this
act.
Mr. EDIE. Tellers were ordered on the
amendment yesterday.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Messrs. Edie
and Wheeler to act as tellers.
The question was taken;and the teller?? reported
—ayes 57, noes S9.
So the amendment was disagreed to#
The CHAIRMAN then stated that the bill
would be laid aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. GROW. I desire to amend the bill in the
sixth and seventh lines, by striking out the words
" capital of Nebraska Territory, and inserting
in lieu thereof the words " at such place as shall
be designated by the Legislature of the Territory
at their next session."
Mr. WALKER. I rise to a question of order.
Before the gentleman from Pennsylvania offered
the amendment, the Chair had announced that
the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House. 1 submit, therefore, that the amendment
is too late.
Mr. GROW. If the bill has been laid aside,
I do not desiie to press the amendment.
CONSTRUCTION OF A ROAD IN MINNESOTA.
The committee then proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 417) for the construction of a road
from Fort Ridgeley, in the Territory of Minnesota,
to the south pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the
Territory of Nebraska. *
The bill, which was read, appropriates the sum
of $50,000 for the construction of the road, and
provides that it shall be constructed under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, pursu-
ant to contracts to be made by him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
The committee then proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 2) making appropriations for the
completion of military roads in the Territory of
Oregon.
The bill provides that the following sums of
money be appropriated for the completion of mili-
tary roads now in course of construction in Oregon
Territory to wit: for the completion of the road
from Astoria to Salem, the sum of $55,000 ; for
the completion of the road from Myrtle creel:
to Camp Stewart, the sum of $30,000 ; and for
the completion of the road from Myrtle creek to ,
Scottsburg, $30,000 ; the said roads to be coflr- !
pleted under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the following as a substitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the tollowinsj sums of monev be, and the same
are heieby, appropriated, tor the completion of uniit.uy (
load* now m the course of construction in tl e Terrmny of ,
Oregon, to wit: ibi ihe completion ot the road from. A«toii«i
to Salem, the sum of $10,000; lor the completion of the
road ftom Myrtle creek to Camp Stewait, the sum oi j
$30,000; and loi the completion of the load fromMvrrle ,
er<*ek to Scntt-hui^, the miiii ot ,$30,u00 : the^same to be |
done under the direction of the Secretin y ot Wai. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no hope, j
sir, of defeating these propositions. I have no !
hope of even enlisting the opposition to them ,
of any considerable number of the members of;
this committee. But, sir, I cannot permit them
to pass without entering my protest against the ;
exercise of such a power. Is it based upon
the military power of this Government to eon- ,
" struct these roads in the Territory? If so, then '
1 appeal to ray friends who claim to be strict
constructionists, what more power has this Gov-
ernment, under the Constitution — under the
military power — in the Territory than it has in
the State ? Has it not the same power to raise
and maintain an army in a State, and to order the
army from point to point, as it. has in the Terri-
tory? If so, why is it provided in this bill that
these roads are to be military roads ? Is there
any report from your Committee on Territories,
showing that where the roads are to be located
there is even a remote probability—that there is
anything more than a bare possibility—that you
will, within the next thousand years, require an
army to pass over them? Sir, I will not detain
the committee on this matter. There is, it seems
to me, a determination to pass every measifre
here that is asked for a Territory—whether to
build penitentiaries or capitols, or to construct
roads, bridges, or anything etse.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee permit me to propound a question to
him ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. GIDDTNGS. I want to inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether ne holds to
the Cincinnati platform to construct a railroad to
California ?
Mr. JONES. I repudiate it'entirely and utterly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am gkd to hear it.
Mr. JONES. The party may adopt it, but it
is not a Democratic principle, i say that, in my
opinion, there is no power in the Government to
construct a railroad, or any other road, fiom this
to California, or irom this to any other place. Is
the gentleman answered ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely wish to know
whether the gentleman repudiates the party which
goes for that?
Mr. JONES. No, sir. I do not repudiate the
party; and does th<* gentleman want to knowwhy?
I will tell him. Although it may have sins upon
its head, it is the last hnpo.of liberty in this world.
It is the only party on whose principles the Gov-
ernment of the United^States can be, in my opin-
ion, successfully administered according to the
spirit, intent, and meaning of those who framed
the Constitution of the United States. And, sir,
I expect to remain with it, to battle with it, and to
act with it; to contend foi whatever I may think
right, and to oppose what I believe to be wrong,
although brought forward by that party.
These, sir, are my principles and my views. But,
sir, I do not understand the resolution respect-
ing the railroad to the Pacific is a part and
parcel of the Democratic platform I believe that
the convention adopted a resolution, saying that
it was the duty of this Government to exert all
proper constitutional power for the construc-
tion of such a road.
Then, sii, I say that, in my opinion, even that
should not have found an entrance into the Cincin-
nati Convention. It means something, or it means
nothing. It may commit those who voted for
that resolution in the convention to that prin-
ciple, but the action of that convention does not
commit me to anything which we have no con-
stitutional jurisdiction over. I suppose that those
who voted for it think that there is power in this
Government to construct a road. From them I
differ.
1 have said all that I intended to say. I
merely rose for the purpose of entering my pro-
test against the passage of these bills, appropri-
ating money for military territorial roads.
Mr. QUITMAN. Although I did not, as
chairman of the Military Committee, report these
bills, yet, in the absence of the member who did
report them, I feel in duty bound to state to the
House the principles on which the Committee on
Military Affairs have acted in relation to these
applications to construct military roads within
the Territory. They have acted on principles
which I believe the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will acknowledge to be
constitutional and just; and I would ask that gen-
tleman whether he means to say that he is op-
posed to the opening of ways for the transporta-
tion of military stores in the common territory of
the United States ?
- Mr. JONES. I will -say to tliejfentleifi&tf tftit
I utterly deny the power of this Government 'to
make roads anywhere. AH the power which, 1n
myofJinton,. the Government has, under the mil-
itary1 power, is . to -order'the -army from ofre posi-
tion to another;' and if there are obstructions in
their way they may remove them at the time; but
further thanjijat the Government has no authority
or power to make a road. ' - *
Mr. &UITMAN. Thegentfemen then accedes
to the position which I take, that if it be neces-
sary to transport troops or military stores from
one place to.another, it is within the power of
this Government to remove obstructions—which
is, to make a road, and to open a way for the pas-
sage of its army, ammunition, and heavy artil-
lery. He will surely not deny that it is not only
in the power of the Governmentybut that it is the
duty of the Government, to facilitate transporta-
tion, and to lessen the expense by opening ways.
Will the gentleman say that* if there were a rock
or a hill in the way of the carrying of military
stores, the Government would have the power of
removing such obstructions, hut would not have
the power of building necessary roads?. 4 *
Mr, JONES. Will'the gentleman permit me
to ask him one question ? will he define to
the difference in the powers of this Government
over military roads in a State, and in aTerritoVy?
If it be the military power which gives the Gov-
ernment authority to remove the rocks, or banks
of earth, or fallen timber, or any other obstruc-
tion, is that authority confined to a Territory, or
does it extend to a State?
Mr. Q,(JITMAN. I will answer the gentleman.
. My opinion on the subject is, that just so far as
the power of the State over its own soil does not
conflict with the authority of the Government, it
may remove obstructions in the way of the pas-
sage of its army. Where, in the Territory, the
sovereignty is in the' Government, there is. no
objection to the -exercise of the power; and this
is a case of that kind.
But my objection is this: the Military Com-
mittee, in their recommendations to the House,
acted upon this principle, and this alone: that
these roads are necessary to facilitate.our military
intercourse in our frontier Territories, and for
defending those Territories. They are as abso-
lutely necessary for that purpose as is the felling
of a tree, or the removal of a stump or rock in the
j way of the passage of wagons in transporting
1 military stores from one station to another. We
have not been satisfied with the recommendations
of the Department, which has recommended all
those roads as necessary for the military service,
but we have infoimed ourselves of the geography
of the country through which'it is proposed that
the road's shall pass, as far as possible, and have
made our recommendations in accordance with
our own judgment.
I have read the report of the Secretary of War;
and from an examination of the military opera-
tions which have been recently carried on in
Oregon, my judgment is, that this road is abso-
lutely necessary, and not only so, but its con-"
struciion will prove a saving of expense to the
: Government. And, sir, believing in the general
1 principles stated by the gentleman from Ten-
! nessee, [Mr. Joxes]—being myself a strict cog*-
j stmctionist of the Constitution, and even stand-
! ing here ready to resist every act of this Govern-
! ment which is of a doubtful character—I hold
1 that this is a necessary power of the Govern-
! ment lor the protection of the Territory, and
; necessary to enable the Government to perform
j its duty m affording that protection.
I I did not come here prepared to defend these
bills. They were reported from the committee
j in my absence; but I do not hesitate in saying
: that the Committee on Military Affairs ap~
■ proached these questions with great caution- 1
: am opposed to any expenses in the Territories
i that are not necessary for carrying on the opera-
; tions of the Government. I am opposed to con-
j structmg any road merely for the convenience
| of the people of the Territory. 1 am opposed to
