748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 26,
Mr. BILLINGHURST. There is a law in
the State of Wisconsin which allows the use of
her jails and Slate prison to confine prisoners
convicted and sentenced by the United States
courts; and there has been such a law ever since
the State has had an existence. That law is now
upon the statute-book of the State, and is in
these words:
All sheriffs, jailers, prison-keepers, and each and every
of their deputies, withui this State, to whom any person or
persons shall be sent or committed by virtue of legal process
issued by or under authority of the United States, shall be,
and they are hereby, enjoined and required to receive such
persons into custody, and to keep them safely until they be
discharged by due course of the laws of the United States 5
and all Mich sheriffs, jailers, prison-keepers, and their dep-
uties offending in the piemises shall be liable to the same
pains and penalties, and the parties aggrieved shall be enti-
tled to the same remedies against them, or any of them,
as if such prisoners had been committed to their custody by
virtue of legal process issued under the authority of this
State."
I presume it is the same as the laws of other
States upon the same subject.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin whether it is within his knowl-
edge that the use of the State penitentiary of his
State has been refused for the use of prisoners
sentenced in the United States courts ?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. It is not within my
knowledge.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then the gentleman is
not booked up.
I will now yield the floor to the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, in order to enable
me to reply to any observations which he may
make in regard to the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I think the
principle of this amendment is a very important
one,and,in fact, is unconstitutional. Myfriends
from Virginia, and some other gentlemen upon
the other side, will understand me pretty clearly.
The amendment to this bill is one which, in
another shape and form, was brought before the
Committee on the Judiciary, and which the com-
mittee decided against. We did it without a great
deal of examination. Since that time, finding
that the gentleman from Kentucky was persever-
ing in bringing it forward in another shape, I have
taken the labor to examine the question pretty
fully, and I think I can satisfy this House that
it is an unconstitutional principle. The Consti-
tution, in the arrangement of its whole judicial
system, treats the States as States, and the act
called the judiciary act, drawn up by Roger Sher-
man, treated the States as States. Every person
must be sued in his own State; judgment must be
rendered in his State, and the Hen of the judg-
ment extends only to his State; the district courts
were bounded by States*, the circuit courts wore
bounded by States; and not only that, when you
come to tin; execution that was treated in the
same way, and did not extend beyond the State's
jurisdiction.
Now, sir, it has been a principle observed by
Congress m every amendment of the law, from
the time that the supreme and other courts were
established, down to the present time, to provide
that those courts should use the State jails as
long as the old impiisonment system lasted, which
was about the year 1825. They provided that
persons should be sentenced to the jails or Sfnto
prisons of the State within which the court was
held, having the consent of the State to do so.
It was also provided that, in the absence of any
such consent, and in cases even where the con- '
sent having been given, was afterwards with-
drawn, then the United States'marshal should
provide the means of imprisoning and punish- 1
ing the person convicted 111 lus State, instead of ^
taking him to a neighboring State. I suppose, i
sir, it will not be disputed, that to take a person j
out of his own State into another for punishment !
is transportation. It is one of the grievances that'
were complained of m the Declaration of Inde-
pendence itself.
.But that is not all. This proposition goes in
the teeth of several State constitutions. The con-
stitutions of the States of Ohio and Illinois con-
tain piovisions that no person shall be transported
out of the State for any offense committed with-
in it. So it brings you in direct conflict with
the State constitutions; and 1 contend that it aho
brings you in conflict with the United States Con-
stitution, as interpreted by its framers, and by
every succeeding Congress down to this time.
Here is the act—the very first action taken by
Congress. At the first session of Congress after
the adoption of the Constitution it was resolved
by the Senate and House of Representatives—
" That it be rccommcnded to the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States to pass laws making it expressly the duty of the
keepers of their jails to receive, and keep therein, all pris-
oners committed under the authority of the United States,
until they shall be discharged by due course of law," &c.
Well, in the next year, 1791, it was resolved—
" That in case any State should not have complied with
the said recommendation, the marshal in such State, under
the direction of a judge of the district, be authorized to
hire a convenient place to serve as a temporary jail, and to
make the necessary piovision for the safe-keeping of pris-
oners committed under the authority of the United States."
And by another resolution passed in March,
1851, this provision was extended, in the same
words, to all cases in which any State or States,
having complied with the above recommenda-
tion, shall have withdrawn, or shall hereafter
withdraw, either in whole or in part, the use of
the jail.
Now, why did not the wisdom of this propo-
sition happen to pop into the heads of the gentle-
men who lived in those days ? Those gentlemen
whowerc so many years setting this Government
in motion must have had some legal knowledge;
and yet they provided that, if a State refused or
withdrew her consent to the confinement of a
United Suites prisoner in her jail, the marshal
should have authority to provide for the safe-
keeping and punishment of such prisoner within
the State. Are we to say that they were labor-
ing under a great mistake in thinking that they
ought not to transport a prisoner from one State
to another?
Now look at the question from another point
of view. We now come down to 1825, and we
find it provided that, in every case where a crim-
inal is convicted of any offense against the United
States, and shall be sentenced to imprisonment
and confinement at hard labor, it shall be lawful
for the court by which his sentence is passed to
order the same to be executed in the State prison
or penitentiary within the district where such
eouit is holden, the use of which prison or peni-
tentiary will be allowed or granted by the Legis-
lature of such State for such purpose, and that the
expenses attending the execution of such sentence
shall be paid by the United States. So, too, for
houses of correction for juvenile delinquents.
All arc provided for, presupposing the consent of
the State, but still enacting that, if the consent
shall not be given, or be withdrawn, then the
marshal shall execute the sentence by some pri-
vate arrangement in the State, instead of trans-
porting him beyond the jurisdiction of the State
into another State. It seems, then, sir, that the
Legislatures before us have understood that there
was some meaning in it—that the Constitution re-
quires us to treat the States as States under the
judicial system, and that we were not to amalga-
mate and consolidate all together nationally. And
there is great reason for it. There is as much
reason, sir, that a person should be punished in
the State nheie his offense was committed as that
he should be tried there. The Constitution of the
United States expressly declares that a man shall
bo tried in the State where the offense is commit-
ted, and there is just the same reason why he
should be punished in it. Why, what is punish-
ment? It is for the conection of all others in the
like case offending. The object of punishment,
therefore, would not be obtained by transporting
the offender where he, would be forgotten, or
where he would have 110 friends or acquaintances
to help him or to be warned by Ins fate.
Sir, I cannot help recollecting a remark made
in the New York ^Legislature some years ago.
A certain gentleman, who was opposed to the
adoption of a measure then pending, giving up
the bodies of criminals for dissection, arose and
said, that although it was of no consequence to
the criminal himself what became of ins body
after he was executed, yet he might leave a wife,
or some relative, and such a disposition of his
body would bo a wrong and an evil to them.
What is the result, then, if persons are sent
out of their State ? Why, they can have no op-
portunity to consult with their friends, or to ex-
plain anything. Why, sir, in the State of New
York, the persons who are sent to the State prison
are , through having this opportunity of consulting
their friends afforded to them, released by the
Governor before, on an average, they have served
half the time for which they were sentenced.
Now, it seems to me, that for the purpose of
exercising a salutary influence over others, and
for the purpose of exercising a salutary influence
upon the criminal himself, he should be confined
in the same locality where the trial took place.
And that was the reason why our predecessors
were so strict in providing that the marshals
should incur the expense upon the part of the
Government of furnishing private places of con-
finement when accommodations were not fur-
nished by the State.
But there is another view of the matter which
I wish to present to the House. The provisions
of this amendment are, it seems to me, opposed
to the express terms of our Constitution. Let
us see. The United States Constitution provides,
in one of its amendments, that no person shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, except by
due process of law. The courts have held that
the Legislature cannot pass any provision for
the purpose of getting round this clause of the
Constitution. Chancellor Kent says that as the
natural consequence of that clause of the Con-
stitution, it is indispensable to the liberty of a
person that he shall not be allowed to be carried
out of the State for any offense of which he may
have been convicted.
But here I have an authority right to the point.
It is said by Blackstone, when treating of per-
sonal liberty, that
"A natural and regular consequence of this personal
liberty is, that every Englishman may claim the right to
abide in his own country as long as he pleases, and not to
be driven from it, unless by the sentence of the law. The
King, indeed, by his royal prerogative, may issue out his
wnt nc exeat rc^num, and prohibit any of his subjects from
Going into foieign parts without license. This may be
necessary for the public service and safeguard of the com-
monwealth; but 110 puvver 011 earth, except the authority
of Parliament, can send any subject of England out of the
land aeainst Ins will; no,not even a criminal: lor exile
and transportation are punishments at present unknown to
the common laws; and whenever the latter is now inflicted,
it is either bv the choice of the criminal himself, to escape
a eapital punishment, or else by the express direction of
some modern act of Parliament."
There you have the very highest authority of
law, showing that the common law did not allow
a person to be transported out of the State as a
punishment for any criminal offense. The con-
stitution of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Vermont, and a good many more of the States,
contain the same provision; and, as I contend,
the Constitution of the United States contains, in
effect, the same provision; because, if a person is
to be protected in his liberty, the natural conse-
quence of that liberty, as understood by the com-
mon law, which was adopted by our forefathers,
the framers of the Constitution, as the rule by
which that instrument was to bo construed—I
say the natural consequence of that liberty is, that
lie shall not be transported out of the State.
I grant you, that in comparatively modern times,
under those despotic monarchs, the Stuarts, laws
have been passed requiring transportation for cer-
tain offenses. But these are acts of a despotic
power which have never been followed in this
country. We do not adopt their criminal stat-
utes. No,sir; we have adopted the common law
in reference to the construction of the Constitu-
tion; and Judge Story says, the common law says,
the Constitution itself properly interpreted says,
Blackstone himself says, that not even a criminal
can be transported out of his country for crime.
We are not to follow the despotic acts of Henry
VIII., the Stuarts and the Tudors. Why, sir,
Blackstone says, that it is unconstitutional, even
in England, except by virtue of these modern acts
of tyrannical parliaments, to punish a person by
transporting him from England to Ireland, or from
England to Scotland. They were then different
nations under the same crowned head. They have
since been consolidated into one nation. When
Blackstone wrote, however, as I have said, they
were different, and then presented a case precisely
analogous to what would be presented now if
prisoners were to be transported in this country
from one State to another.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what good reason is there
for departing from this long-established and safe
precedent laid down by our forefathers, and in-
corporated into our Constitution ? Is it because
somebody has said that Wisconsin was going to
resist the law ? I have examined the record, and
there was no such thing.
