1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 33. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any
resident in said county shall be privileged to place
his or her child or ward at any one of the schools
in said county lie or she may think proper to se-
lect: Provided, There shall have been a school
established and actually in operation in the dis-
trict in which such persons so to be privileged
shall reside, and that all the provisions of this
act shall have been substantially complied with
by said district.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That itshall
not be lawful for a member of the levy court of
said county to be a commissioner of primary
schools or trustee of any oi*the school districts,
nor for any person to be at the same time com-
missioner and trustee as aforesaid.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That this
act be, and the same is hereby, declared public
and remedial, and shall be construed by all courts
of justice according to the equity thereof; and no
proceedings of the inhabitants or of the trustees
of any school district, or of the commissioners of
primary schools, or of any other officer created
under the provisions of this act, shall be set aside
or adjudged to be void for defect of form or for
any irregularity therein, so as the requisitions of
the said act are substantially complied with.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That so soon
as the commissioners shall have laid out the school
distiicts, as provided for in the third section of
this act, they shall make a written report to the
levy court, defining the metes and bounds of said
districts, ant] it shall be the duty of said levy
court, within two months after the filing of said
report, to designate a day and appoint a place,
■within each of said districts, for the people of
that district to assemble and determine by ballot
whether they will for themselves accept this act.
The court aforesaid shall appoint three taxable
inhabitants in each district to superintend the
voting, who shall open a poll at nine o'clock, a.
m., and keep it open till five, p. m. The qualified
voters shall be those persons residing and paying
taxes within the limits of the district in winch
the poll is opened. Those who are for this act
shall write on their ballots " school," and those
opposed, " no school." It shall be the duty of
the superintendents of the voting to make imme-
diate return of the votes cast to the levy court,
and if it shall appear that a majority have voted
"school," the said court shall proceed, with as
little delay as possible, to levy and cause to be
collected the taxes as is provided for in this act,
and this act shall be considered as in force within
the limits of that district.
Sec. 37. And be It juither enacted, That if any
of the school districts reject this act by casting a
majority of votes against it, the act shall m no wise
apply to that district; but if at any time a majority
of the taxable inhabitants of said district shall
desire to take a second ballot, it shall be the duty
of the levy court again to submit the question m
the manner pointed out in the last preceding
section.
Approved, August 11, 185G.
Public, h.—An Jet to provide for carrying into
effect the First Jlrticie of the Treaty beticeen the
United States and her Majesty the Queen of the
t inted Kingdom of Great Bntain and Ireland, of
the fjteentk day of June, eighteen hundied and
fortij-bix.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Untied States of America in Congress
assembled,' That, for the purpose of carrying into
effect the first article of the treaty between the
United States and her Majesty the Queen of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of
the fifteenth day of June, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fortv-six, there shall be appointed by
the President'of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a commis-
sioner, and chief astronomer and surveyor, to
unite with similar officers to be appointed by her
Britannic Majesty's Government; and there shall
be appointed by the Piesident an assistant as-
tronomer and surveyor.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the said
commissioner shall have power to appoint a sec-
retary; and the said chief astronomer and sur-
veyor shall have power to appoint a clerk.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the
purpose of carrying into effect the said first arti-
cle of the said treaty, there be appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the following sums:
For the salary of the commissioner, for one
year, three thousand dollars.
For the salary of the secretary, for one year,1
two thousand dollars.
For the salary of the chief astronomer and
surveyor, for one year, three thousand dollars.
For the salary of the assistant astronomer and
surveyor, eighteen hundred dollars.
For the salary of the clerk, for one year, twelve
hundred dollars.
For provisions, transportation, and contingen-
cies, sixty thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, until
otherwise provided for by law, the proceedings
of the said commission shall be limited to the
demarkation of that part of the said line of boun-
dary which forms the boundary line between
Washington Territory and the British posses-
sions.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That, for the
purpose of aiding in the demarkation of the said
line, the President be authorized, in his discre-
tion, to direct the employment of such officers,
assistants, and vessels, attached to the coast
survey of the United States, as he may deem
necessary or useful.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
Public, LI.—An Act to alter and amend "An act
to appropriate Money to remove obstructions in the
Savannah River, below the City of Savannah, in
the State of Georgia," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the balance of the unexpended
appropriation made by the act of third March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, "for removing
certain obstructions in the Savannah river," may
be, and is hereby, authorized to be applied under
the direction of the Secretary of War, to remove
the bars, shoals, banks, and other impediments
in said river, caused by said obstructions, as
proposed in the project of the commissioners,
approved by the War Department in February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three.
Approved, August 7, 1856.
Public, LII.—JIn Act to authorize and direct the
Settlement of the Account of the Bank of the Slate
of Missouri for Money advanced for the Subsist-
ence and Transpoitation of Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are here-
by, authorized and directed to audit the account
of the Bank of the State of Missouri against the
United States, for moneys advanced in the year
eighteen hundred and forty-six, for subsistence
and transportation of certain companies of vol-
unteers, which, by order of General E. P. Gaines,
assembled at St. Louis, Missouri, in the months
of May and June of that year, with the view of
being mustered into the service of the United
States, in the same manner as if the said compa-
nies had been regularly received into the said
service; and that the balance which may be found
to be due to the said bank be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated: Prodded, That the amount herein author-
ized to be paid shall not exceed the sum of six
hundred and sixty-three dollars and seventy-
eight cents, and that the account be sustained by
such vouchers as are required in similar cases.
Approved, August 1G, 1856*.
Public, LIII.—InActto alter the Time for holdhtg
the District Court in South Carolina, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the act of Congress,
passed the twenty-fifth May, eighteen hundred
and twenty four, as provides for holding the dis-
trict court of the United States at Laurens Court-
House, South Carolina, on the Tuesday next
ensuing after the adjournment of the circuit court
of the United States at Columbia, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed; and that in place thereof
the said court shall be holden at Greenville Court-
House, South Carolina, on the first Monday in
August in each jwar.
Sec.2. Andbeit further enacted, That the jurors
for the said court, grand, as well as petit, be drawn
from the inhabitants of Greenville district, South
Carolina, who are or may be liable, according to
the laws of South Carolina, to do jury duty in
the courts of law in the said State. And that
the jurors to be drawn for J> 3 first term of the
said court shall be drawn at the term of the dis-
trict court to be holden in the city of Charleston:
Provided, That they shall be drawn at least ninety
days previous to the time appointed for holding
the said court at Greenville. But from-and after
the holding of the first term of the said court,
all jurors for the next succeeding term shall be
drawn at Greenville, during the sitting of the
said court.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That the said
district court for Greenville, in addition to the
ordinary jurisdiction and powers of a district
court of the United States, shall have jurisdiction
of all causes (except appeals and writs of error)
which now are, or may be hereafter, made cogni-
zable in a circuit court of the United States, and
shall proceed in the same manner as a circuit
court.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
Public, LIV*.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial Expenses
of the Government for the year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-seven, namely:
Legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, one
hundred and eight thousand„eight hundred and
seventy two-dollars.
For compensation of theofficers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others, receiving an annual salary
in the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; offi-
cer charged with disbursements of the Senate,
four hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand five hundred dollars; principal clerk and
principal executive clerk in office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, at two thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars each; eight clerks in office of
the Secretary of the Senate, at one thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper of the sta-
tionery, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-
two dollars; two messengers, one at one thou-
sand and eighty dollars, and one at seven hundred
and fifty dollars; one page, five hundred dollars;
Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, two thousand
dollars; Assistant Doorkeeper, one thousand
seven hundred dollars; Postmaster to the Senate,
one thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars;
Assistant Postmaster and mail-carrier, one,thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars; two mail-
boys, at nine hundred dollars each; superintendent
of the document, room, one thousand five hundred
dollars; two assistants in document room, atone
thousand two hundred dollars each; superintend-
ent of the folding room, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; two messengers, acting as assistant
doorkeepers, at one thousand five hundred dollars
each; fifteen messengers, at one thousand two
hundied dollars each; superintendent in charge
of Senate furnaces, one thousand and eighty
dollars; assistant in charge of furnaces, six hun-
dred dollars; laborer in private passage, six hun-
dred dollars; two laborers, at four hundred and
eighty dollars each; clerk or secretary to the
President of the Senate, one thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars; clerk of Committee on
Finance, eighteen hundred and fifty dollars; clerk
of printing-records, sixteen hundred and sixty-
nine dollars and two cents; draughtsman, one
