1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
Now, sir, crimes are in their very nature local.
If a prisoner were to escape from the country
where he had committed a crime, he would not
be delivered upas a fugitive from justice without
treaty stipulation to that effect, for the reason that
crimes are in their nature local. And when a
person runs away, he leaves his crime behind
him in the State from which he escapes. I re-
peat, sir, that crimes are local; and that is the
reason why trial is had where the crime is com-
mitted ; and that is the reason why prisoners have
always been sentenced to penitentiaries in the
State where the crime was committed and the
trial had. Punishment is the great object of
criminal jurisprudence. When crimes are com-
mitted, punishment is the great object to be ar-
rived at. We do not want expensive trials ex-
cept for the purpose of punishment.
What end do we seek by punishment of crim-
inals? Not the reformation of the individual,
but, as Blackstone says, we endeavor in this way
to teach a salutary lesson to all others and pre-
vent a repetition of the crime through fear of the
punishment to be undergone. If this punish-
ment do not take place in the neighborhood where
the crime was committed, but the criminal is trans-
ported , the crime is soon forgotten; and the lesson
proposed to be taught, not taught at all. The
punishment then becomes mere private ven-
geance, entirely unchristian and unmanly. I
hope the amendments will be voted down and the
bill will pass.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I grant
that an important principle is covered by this
amendment. The law as it now stands, author-
izes the confinement of a party who is convicted
in a court of the United States only in jails or
penitentiary houses of the State, provided that
jail or penitentiary house is in the district where
the court is holder. It is now proposed to extend
the law so as to let him be confined in the jail or
penitentiary house of the State in which the court
is holden, though that jail or penitentiary house
may be outside of the district. Many of our
States are divided into two districts, as is the
case in the State of Ohio, and we have now no
law authorizing the punishment of a party con-
victed of crime^if he shall be convicted out of
the district in which the penitentiary happens
to be.
The first section of this bill, in terms generally,
provides for the case I have just mentioned; but
there is another case which remains to be pro-
vided for. It is where a State refuses the use of
its jails or penitentiary houses for the accommo-
dation of prisoners who have been convicted of
crimes by the courts of the United States. The
amendment provides for that case. It was sug-
gested by the refusal of the State of Wisconsin
to allow her jails or penitentiary houses to be
used by the United States. The member from
Wisconsin, [Mr, Billinghurst,] as I understand
him, is cognizant of the fact, that a bill for that
purpose was pending before the Legislature of
that State—that it passed at least one House of the
Legislature, they having been petitioned by the
people for the passage of such a law. He does
not believe that the law finally passed. I have
no personal knowledge in regard to the matter;
but my friend from Indiana is entirely mistaken
in supposing that no such laws have heretofore
been passed by States of this Union. It ought to
be within his knowledge, that the State of Penn-
sylvania, not only passed such a law, but that
that law remained upon her statute-book for years
before it was repealed. She refused the use of
her jails and penitentiary houses, and not only
refused their use to the United States for the
confinement of United States prisoners, but abso-
lutely, I believe, inflicted a punishment, or de-
nounced a penalty against that State officer who
would execute such a process of the United
States.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will allow me I will state that that act
was repealed, and that, by the existing law of the
State of Pennsylvania, the authorities of the
United States have a right to confine prisoners for
olfenses under United States laws in either dis-
trict, in the penitentiary of the western district
at Pittsburg, or in the penitentiary of the eastern
district at Philadelphia.
■ Mr. MARSHALL. I stated in the current of
my remarks that the Legislature had repealed the
law; but my friend from Indiana, in addressing
the House, said we are in hot haste, because no
such law had ever been passed by a State. I here
cite the case of Pennsylvania to show that she
passed such a law, although subsequently, upon
sober second thought, she repealed it; and also
the case of the State of Wisconsin, a member
from which states that his young State was in
the act of passing such a law. The very fact
that we have had such laws passed by some States
ought to suggest that we should legislate now to
meet any such case that may hereafter arise where
the use of the jails or penitentiary houses of a
State are refused to the authorities of the United
States.
A good deal of law has been read by the ven-
erable chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, for the purpose of showing that a man
cannot be carried out of the realm or the country
to which he belongs to have punishment inflicted
on him. He seems to have forgotten the essential
fact, that we are all citizens of the United States.
That is a lesson which would carry healing on its
wings to a great many citizens of the various
States of the Confederacy. I think we are too
apt to forget, in these latter times, that we owe
allegiance to the Union as well as to the State in
which we may live.
There is another error into which the chairman
and the gentleman from Indiana both seem to
have fallen. It is, that in the act making the judi-
cial establishments of the country we are bound
to make partition of districts by States. There
is nothing of that kind; we can have districts of
several States. The country may be divided into
judicial circuits without regard at all to the division
according to States. But suppose that the power
is conceded, and there is a district embracing
Iowa, Michigan, and Wisconsin, under your ex-
isting laws might not the district court of the
United States send a culprit from the State of
Wisconsin to the State of Michigan, in order that
he might be confined in the penitentiary in that
district; and would it lie in the mouth of Wis-
consin to say to the United States, "You shall
not. take my citizens from my border in order to
confine them, nor shall you execute the sentence
of the law upon them, except m a place where my
sovereignty is held over them r" Sir, the United
States, in such a case, would say to the State of
Wisconsin, "You and your citizens both owe
allegiance tome; and you have surrendered your
sovereignty so far as to allow the laws passed
by the Congress of the United States to extend
both over you, over your constitution, and over
your citizens; and when your laws come in
conflict with my laws they mustgive way." Any-
thingelse is not only nullification, but nullification
in the very worst and most hideous form. Tell
me, sir, that the power of the United States can
be trammeled by every faction which may acquire
power in a State Legislature; and that, when the
judicial power of the United States has declared
that a man shall be confined at hard labor for the
commission of a crime, the State Legislature may
pass a law whereby the jailor may stop our
judicial process at the prison doors; and that the
circuit court of your State, or that the chancellor
of your State, or the sheriff of one of your coun-
ties, or the Governor of your State, may say
" that the judicial process of a United States court
ceases where I put my veto upon it;"—are you,
I ask, going to pass a law whereby you concede
such a proposition, and whereby you say to a
marshal that whenever such a contingency hap-
pens your power is exhausted ? The next worst
thing to a confession of a want of power is a
confession of fear that you cannot pass a law
lest it may be disobeyed.
Of course it is nothing to me, except as a mere
Representative desirous to see the laws complete,
whether this bill is passed or not. 1 shall vote
against the amendment to the amendment, be-
cause I do not believe it is politic; but I shall
vote for the amendment which I offered, because
I think it is necessary in order to meet a case
which is staring us in the face.
In accordance with my promise to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, and in order to bring
this matter to a close, I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question was upon th$ motion of Mr.
Orr, that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and that it be printed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I demand tellers upon
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall and Sapp were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
85 in the affirmative—noes not counted.
Mr. MARSHALL. Under the decision which
has been made by the House, and in order not to
prevent legislation which is stated to be neces-
sary, I ask the consent of the House to withdraw
my amendment. I believe that it is necessary;
and I belie%'e that the country will see that it is
necessary; but I will withdraw it, as I have done
my duty, I withdraw it in order that I may not
interfere with the sense of the House.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is perfectly useless to
recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, as we have once had it before us. I call
for the yeas and nays upon the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Ilendlev S. Bennett, Bocock,
Boyce, Brunch, Brooks, Buffinton, "Burnett, Cadwalader,
Carliie, Caruthers, Bayard Clark, Howell Cobb, Connns,
Craige,Ciawford,Cumbaek, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Em-
rxe, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Florence, Gilbert,
Goodc, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hail, Hoffman,
Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,Letcher, Lind-
Jey, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, SmithMiller,
Millson, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Ori, Parker, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ricaud, Richardson, Ruffin, San-
didge, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William R Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor Traf-
ton^ Valk, Walker, Warner, Winslow, and John V. Wright
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Allison, Ball, Bell, Benson, Bil-
lmghurst, Bliss, Bowie, Brad^haw, Broom, James H Camp-
bell, Lewis I). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, Clingman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Cragin, Davidson,
Timothy Davis, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfcc, Edwards,
Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Granger,
Greenwood, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Herbert,
Thomas It. Ilortou, Valentine B. Ilorton, Kelsey, lCen-
nett, King, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Lake, Mace, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCarty,
Kilhan Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Norton, Pearee,
Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Puryear, Reade,
Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin, Sage, Sapp. Simmons. Sneed,
Tappan, Tvson, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
EllihuB. Wa&hburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Whitney, Woodruff, and Woodworth—84.
So the bill was not committed to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Pending' the call of the roll,
Mr. H. MARSHALL (on his name being
called) said: Before I cast my vote, Mr. Speaker,
I wish to know whether, if the House refuse to
refer the bill to the committee, and if there be a
general consent to have the bill postponed and
printed, it cannot be thus kept before the House'?
The SPEAKER. Only fcy general consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. So fur as I am con-
cerned I shall consent; and I vote no.
Mr. SNEED stated that Mr. Vail had paired
off from Monday of last week with Mr. Stran-
ahan. *
The question recurred on the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL. I suggest to the gen-
tleman who introduced this bill that the provis-
ions of it are important, that the amendments are
important, and that by general consent it would
be better to postpone its consideration. I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill till
Friday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the previous question having been ordered.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Will it not be in
order to move a reconsideration of the vote by
which the previous question was ordered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that motion is not in order immediately, the
order of the House having been partly executed.
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the previous question has not been ex-
hausted on the vote taken to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not exhausted. The
previous question acts first on the amendments,
and then on the bill itself.
Mr. MARSHALL. I suggest that, when the
previous question was called and seconded, the
question, " Shall the mam question be now put V*
was not put to the House.
