1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the swamp land act; which was, on motion of
Mr. Stuart, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EVANS presented a presentment of the
grand jury of the United States district court for
South Carolina, representing the necessity of
providing more suitable accommodations for the
records, officers, and jurors of that court; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance. *
Mr. PISH presented the petition of Samuel P.
Todd and John De Bree, pursers in tho Navy,
praying to be"released from liability as sureties
of John N. Todd, deceased, late a purser in the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of William West, alias Mooney, a soldier in
the war of 181 *2, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Georgetown, District of Columbia, praying for
the retrocession of that city to the State of Mary-
land; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Richard Mac kail, on the
files of the Senate, be refeirdfto the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Sucietuiy of the Senate request the
judse* of the Couit of Claims to return to the Senate the
petition and papers ot E Montgomery and the representa-
tives of Hugh Montgomeiy, wmch \V -)c refened by the
Senate to that couit on the 19th of Feb) uoi-y la>t.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 253) to continue the pension of Mrs. iN'ancy
Wcatherford, reported it without amendment.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN", it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affair^ be dis-
charged from tho turtiier consideration ot' the petition ot"
J. A. Brunncr & Urother-\ and that it be Tefened to the
Committee on Military Atlaire.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the first amendment
of the Senate (non-concurred in by the House of
Representatives) to the bill (H. R. 152) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1857, reported that the Senate insist on
their amendment, and ask for a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses. The report;
was agreed to; and Messrs. Hunter, Foot, and j
Slidell, were appointed the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 24) for the benefit of Susan De-
catur, widow of Commodore Stephen Decatur,
late of the United States Navy; which was read
the first and second time by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CHARLESTON AND HAVANA MAILS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution; winch was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolvedj That tho Committee on tlie Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed tomquu'1 into the expediency of pro-
viding for the tninsportation of tlfe mails between Cliailcs-
ton, South Carolina, and Havana, Cuba, m a steamer
during the two months ot the present veai when theieguiai
mail steamer shall be withdrawn ltom the s eivice.
IOWA MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resohcd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post lloads be requested to mqniie into the expediency of
establishing a po^t route fiom Old Mission, via Burr Oak
Spring-, Vernon Springs, Howard, Com, and Mitchell, to
St. Andgar, Iowa.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, here-
tofore submitted by him:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of tlfe House of Representatives do adjourn their
lespecnvo Houses on Monday, the 21st day of July next, at
twelve o'clock, meridian.
Mr. ADAMS. I propose to modify the res-
olution, by striking out "21st," and insertirg
"28th." When I first offered the resolution, I
had no idea that we should lose a week for want
of a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion "will be modified as suggested by the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to mo impossible
for Congress to fix a day of adjournment which
shall be so early as that indicated in the resolu-
tion. It is known to us all, and is well known
also throughout the country, that the great and
agitating question which has occupied so largely
the attention of this branch of Congress hitherto,
has hardly yet been taken up or discussed in the
other branch—I refer to the subject of a proper
government for Kansas. Even here in the Senate,
we have only reached an intermediate stage in the
consideration of that question. I am quite averse
to fixing a day for adjournment until we shall
know what plan will be adopted by those -who
have the majority in the Senate for the purpose
of restoring peace and order, and correcting the
evils existing in that Territory, and until every
effort possible for that purpose shall have been
made.
It will be remembered, also, that another im-
portant measure which has occupied the time of
the Senate during the whole session—I refer to.
the naval bill—is yet undisposed of by the Sen-
ate, and has to yet obtain consideration in the
House of Representatives. And beyond,these
lie two other measures of vast and extreme im-
portance. 1 refer to the one proposed for the
construction of a wagon road, and with proper
military posts, and a telegraphic line, to connect
the Atlantic and Pacific States; and for the con-
struction of a railroad for the same objects and
purposes. I regard these measures as essential
to the internal peace of the Territories of the
United States and, the frontier States, and 1 regard
them as wise and precautionary measures for the
preservation of the Union, and the integrity of
the Republic itself. I am not for fixinga day for
the adjournment of Congress until after action on
these subjects by at least one of the Houses of
Congress.
1 am, as every other member of Congress is,
impatient to close this session; the heat of tho
weather is becoming intolerable; but the condi-
tion of the business is such that it seems to me to
render it unwise to propose a limitation now.
The Senate will excuse me for reminding them
that there are peculiar circumstances which have
delayed Congress in the preparation and transac-
tion of the public business. In the first place,
nearly two months wore lost in the time spent by
the House ofReprcseutatives in effecting an organ-
ization, during which time of the disorganization
of that House, as was supposed in necessary com-
pliance with the Constitution, there was no busi-
ness done in either of the two Houses. The ses-
sion, then, is practically two months shorter than
a long session usually is at this period. Besides
these questions, the subject of Kansas did not
practically come before Congress on the 4th of
March, when the petition for the admission of the
new State of Kansas was presented to the Sen-
ate, so that there has been unnecessaiy delay in
the discussion of that subject.
Trusting that all those great measures may
receive that attention which the public interest,
and peace, and welfare so emphatically require,
I shall vote against the resolution which is now
before the Senate fixing a day of adjournment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, 1 am in
favor of this resolution as it has been amended.
As one of the members of this body who endeavor
to make themselves useful as working members,
rather than conspicuous in the way of speech-
making, I must say that it commends itself to my
favorablc consideration.
Tho honorable Senator from New York says
that we cannot adj'ourn by the time fixed by this
resolution, because we have not acted on the great
and important measures which he indicates. Sir,
wc have been in session six months, and, if we
remain in session six months longer, shall we act
on them ? Are we to conclude, from what has
heretofore occurred in this body, from the delay
=*fa
1475
which has talren place,* ana-from the large number
of oratorical speeches which we have heard deliv-
ered here for the benefit of the country, that we
are ever to come to a vote on them ? I think' the
passage of this resolution is the only mode of
inducing a vote on thdfi measures. I ao^ ^e-
pared to vote on them noM,^ > k '
The honorable Senator'Trom New'York also
says, that we have disturbances in Kansas against
law. That may be; and if we pass a great" many
other laws, they, too, may he violated there. We
cannot help that. -We had disturbances in Louis-
ville last fall. We have had disturbances through-
out this country before. We had a whisky insur-
rection once in Pennsylvania. Such things haye
occurred heretofore; they may occur hereafter.
Mr. President, I do not believe that this Con-
gress will adjourn until October, unless we now
fix the day. When we fix tile time, I believe-?
those who are interested in having a decision on
the questions which are pending-"^ili see to it
that we come to a vote upon them. We will work
up to the day we fix. I hope, therefore, the res-
olution, as amended, will be agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust we shall adjourn at
as early a day as that now indicated. I do not
perceive the force of the objection urged by the
Senator from New York, 011 the ground that these
various bills, to which he has alluded, have not
been voted on, because .most of them have been
thoroughly discussed un£ilrl am sure, the Senate
is tired of the discussion,-ahd.is anxious to vote.
On the Kansas question it is not to be presumed
that any man can throw any new light. The
facts, the law, everything pertaining to it, have
been thoroughly discussed, produced and repro-
duced again and again, until, for a long time, there
has not been a speech made that has brought into
the debate any one fact which had not&een just
as well presented many a time before. 1 feel it
{ proper, therefore, to say, that I shall consider it
i| my duty, pretty early in the course of nextweek,
to ask the Senate to proceed to its consideration,
I and continue it until we shall finally decide on the
■ bills pending on that question; and I shall ask the
! Senate to sit until we do decide them when we
begin.
Mr. TOOMBS.. Say Monday.
Mr. DOUGrLAS. We shall take up thatsub-
ject on Monday, and pretty early in the week I
shall ask the Senate to come to a final vote and
settle it. Each proposition pending is well under-
j| stood. The whole subject has been thoroughly
tj discussed, and we certainly are ready to vote.
; Then, as to the naval bill, which is spoken of,
! is there a Senator here who is not thoroughly
;! tired of it? Is there a man here, no matter"how
'' gifted, who can obtain six Senators to listen to
j, his speech on that subject? Why, then, take up
r time, and annoy the body we are addressing by
;! additional speeches on that subject? It has been
[I thoroughly discussed, and we are ready to vote
[ 011 it.
r Arext, as to the question of a railroad and a
I'wagon road to the Pacific; we have discussed it
:*for"years. Last year we passed the railroad bilh
| There is not a fact, not an argument, not a matter
j1 of law, or any other consideration connected with
! it, which is not so familiar that ithas become old
! and tiresome;
We desire to come to a vote on all these ques-
,' tions. One day 011 each of them is now enough.
| One day is all that we should ask or think of
^ taking to got a voto on each of them. We can
j. just a^ well wind up all these bills within two
:: vprks as in three months. if we arc to judge
from the experience of the past, we shall go on
H with an oration a day, then an adjournment; next
'! day another oration and an adjournment, and so
i! on'unti) doomsday; and we shall never get a vote
11 unless the time of adjournment be fixed in advance.
I think we had better fix it at once for the 28th
'' of July. I had hoped for an earlier day, but still,
, as that is proposed, I am for fixing that day and
:1 working up to it, in order that wo may get through
; the business.
; Mr. HALE. T am obliged on this occasion to
; differ from my friend from New York, and I shall
i vote for an adjournment as early as the 28th of
" July; and allow me to say a single word which
11 I tlimk the experience of every Congress for the
j, last fourteen years will justify. When I came
i • into Congress thirteen years ago, we were the
I! successors of what was called historically the
