I4ii
if
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
r
in
" hard-eider Congress," which sat almost all the
time of their existence. 1 was as good a Demo-
crat then as there xtfas'Sn the world. The first
Congress,,of whieh I v&g a member determined
t#set an hoftorable .contrast to that Congress
which sat.sojong b^^Sjoumingatan early day.
The* honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
JAd] first dawned on the public councils at the
fame tittle. .Sorne said we should adjourn asearly
as "the 4th of March, some said April, some May,
and some June. We did adjourn on the 17th of
June. One of the most practical men I ever met
in all my life, Mr. Cave Johnson, of Tennessee,
made a remark which astonished me a little at
the time, but which dojs not astonish me now.
He said: " Mr. Speaker, fix any day you please,
March, April, May, June, July, or August, it
"does not make one hair's difference—the business
of the sessian^will be done in the last two weeks."
| &m rCadyto say that my experience in Con-
■giess (and I have been here most of the time
ifrtce) has satisfied me that this is no figure of
speech, but the literal truth. I believe this Con-
gress can adjourn on the 28tli of July, and do as
much justice as-it could by staying here all the
year, and move.
It is said, there are disorders in Kansas. I have
>10 doubt of it; and if we could hear from Kansas,
t'hey would say there are disorders m Congress;
and 1 think if we could hear from the people, they
would say there will be less danger of disorder
the sooner this Congress adjourns. [Laughter.]
I believe it. The honorable Senator from Illinois
lias said something about " oratorical speeches:"
I suppose he meant mine among the rest.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course — particularly.
[Laughter,]
Mr, HALE. I prefer to make them to the
eople where they will listen, and where I can
lave some hope of making a convert, 1 have no
such hope here—not the slightest. I agree with
the honorable Senator in that. Under these cir-
cumstances I shall vole forfixmg the 28th of July
for the adjournment of Congress; and if an earlier
day were named I should vote lbr Unit—not he-
cause I do not feel as deeply as any man here Uic
responsibilities that re.stupon this Oougi ess; but,
without meaning to impeach the Compels, I will
say [ have no hope of any good from it* My
hope is with the people. 1 prefer to go home and
appeal to them. For these reasons I shall vote
for as early a day as is practicable.
. The resolution was agreed to, as follows:
, Rewlved, That iho President of the Senate, and tlie
Speaker of the House of H'-presennuive-t, do adiouin their
rfspnenve limit's on MtmUa), the ~8ih day of July next, at
twelve o'clock, meiidtan.
HOUR OF MKJRTINC.
Mr. GEYER. T move that the Senate tt'dopt
the following order:
Ordered, That on ami afrer Monday nctt the daily hour
of mooting shall bo eleven o'clock, until otheiwiho oideied.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It. requiies
unanimous consent to consider the order now. *
Several Senators. Let it He over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE*
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cku,om, their dork,
announcing that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and resolution, which were sent for !
the concurrence of the Senate: i
A joint resolution icJating to the delivery of
arms to the Terntoiies of Utah and New Mexico. '
A bill for the construction of a road from I'orfr \
Ridgley, in the Tenitory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIJIS.
t Mr. "VVLLLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion of inquiry, and a.sk for its consideration now:
Resolve,1, rimt Uie Committee on Finance be insttuetcd
to inquire into the expediency of making compensation to
the di-ttiet attorney of the southern district of California
tor .wrv.eeH len-kuod m the distuct eouu on app&U from
the iae.i commissioners, organi^-d in lS-'.l.
The .Somite, by unanimous consent, proceeded
t eons"'!' r the resolution.
^ Mr B-XL^of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
S:\n.e  r trum Call forma if there is any proposition
hef.,. committees, or any resolution submit-
ted, tj inquire into the propriety and justice of
allowing an additional compensation to the district
judge of California for his extraordinary services
"in attending to the adjudication of land claims?
Mr. WELLER. 1 am not aware that any res-
olution has been passed on that subject; but it is
my intention, when the civil and legislative appio-
pnation bill shall coine up, to move an amend-
ment providing some compensation to him for
his services in land cases. I think an allowance
ought to be made. There has been a large amount
of labor imposed on that judge since the office
was created/in consequence of appeals taken in
those land cases, for which some compensation
ought to be allowed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is precisely
the subject to which I wished to call the attention
of the honorable Senator. If he supposes that the
object will be as well attained by an amendment
to the appropriation bill, I have nothing further
to say; -otherwise, I ask that the present resolu-
tion be amended so as to include that subject in
the reference to the committee.
Mr. WELLER. It may be well enough to
embrace it in the present resolution, so as to give
the committee jurisdiction over the whole subject;
but I had intended to pursue the other course, i
ask the Secretary to make the necessary amend-
ment in the resolution, so as to have it include
the judge of the northern district of the United
States court in California.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of the
resolution as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inqunc into the expediency of maknis conipen*auon to
the (h-.tu( t attorney of the hOiulH'rii di-aiKtoi California,
and also the pulse of the diMnct eoutt of the United
State* tor the northern riMuct of Cahioima, tor setvices
tendered m the di-uiet eouu on appeals fiom the land
commissioners, oigumzed in ls.11.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to present to
the Senate a resolution relating to a very impor-
tant snbjcct to whieh my notice has been recently
turned, and which, I think, deserves the atten-
tion of Congress.
l>y the fifih clause of the first section of the
second article of the Constitution it is provided
that
" fn ease of the irmoy.il of jhe President fiom office,
or of hit death, iequation, or m.ihiiny to dNchruse the
powei.s and duties <>t Iho said olliee, the same^mll devolve
on the Vice President; and iho Connies- may h\ law pio-
vide for the ease of icmoval, death, ies] nal!on, or nubility,
both of the Purulent and Vice Pie-uieur, declaims what
officer shall then act as Purulent, ami Mich ollicei"-h.ill act
accordingly, until Hie disability be lemovcd, oi a Purulent
blmli be elected
That is a very important duty to be performed
by Confess. The only attempt to execute it
was m the act of 179:2. ( think, on a reviewal of
that act, that it is not as clear and ecitam as
it ought to be—at any rate I think this subject
worthy of a review. It may tend to establish in
the publiemind the sufHciencv of the presentacf,
and fix its construction. If further legislation be
necessary it is proper now, before any agitating
case can occur. The only provision m tiie Con-
stitution on the subject is on the succession to
the Presidency by the Vicc President. There it
stops, leaving to Congress the power to provide
for any other vacancies which may occur. Con-
gress lias provided for these possible vacancies
by declaring that the President of the Senate pro
tempore shall succeed, and if there be no Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate, the Speaker of the
Ilouse of Representatives.
Now, it will be recollected that, from the 4th
of March to the I^t of December, in every second
year, there is no Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives. There are, then, according to the
provisions made by the law and the Constitution,
but three lives duiing that period to piotect us
against a possible vacancy m the executive de-
partment, and'for the supply of which no pro-
vision whatever in law exists. It does not seem
to me right that the very existence of the Gov-
ernment should be left to an accident which may
possibly, may probably some time or other occur.
1 think the provisions are not sufficient. With-
out saying- one word further on the subject, I beg
leave to read the resolution, which 1 propose to
present and h. T*e submitted to the consideration
of the Committee on the Judiciary:
Whereas, the Constitution of the United States piovides
tnat "Congress may by law provide for the ease of
removal, death, resignation, or inability both of the President
and Vice President, declaring what officer shall then act
as President, and such officer shall act accordingly until the
disability be lemoved, or a President shall be elected
And whereas, it greatly concerns the peace of the coun-
try, and peihaps the very existence of the Government,' that
the laws enacted by Congress in pui uanceof that provwon
of the Constitution, should be &o comprehensive as to pro-
vide for any vacancy that can possibly occur in the office
of the Piesident, and so clear ad to admit of no contjoversy,
nor any question of disputed succession to that high office:
To the end, therefore, that all doubt or defects which
may exist in our present laws on this subject may be rem-
edied and future controversy prevented—
Be it resolved by the Senate of the United Stales, That the
Committee on the Judiciary be mstiucted to examine into
those laws, and inquire whether the provisions they contain
are constitutional, proper, and adequate m all respects to
their purpose and end ; or whether any further legislation
be necessary or proper; and to report thereon by bill or
otherwise.
There is one thing, sir, which I will mention
further, with the intention of drawing the atten-
tion of the committee to it. They will find that
the act of 1792 designates the persons—the Pres-
ident pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House, respectively — to succeed to the
Presidency in case of the death of the President
and Vice President, or their removal from office,
" until the disability be removed, or a President
shall be elected," says the Constitution. When
is that? Did it contemplate an extraordinary,
intermediate election; or did it contemplate an
election which was to take place regularly, at the
end of the stated term for which the deceased or
removed President had been elected? This is a
very important question. The law of 179:2 makes
provision, certainly; but it makes that provision,
m my opinion, in terms which are not clear and
explicit. The whole subject—the material part
of it, as well as the construction of the law—
seems to me to be too critical and doubtful for us
to rest so important a matter upon.
I hope the attention of the committee will be
given seriously and earnestly to the subject. 1
,axk for the consideration of the resolution at this
time.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MJtLLORY. I gave notice yesterday
that I should ask the Senate to proceed to-day
to the consideration of the naval bill. I did so
understanding that there were two gentlemen
who wished to be heard on some law points in-
volved in that question; and I think wo had better
dispose of it at once. We are all prepared, 1
presume, to come to a vote. I have no further
remarks to make on the Bill. It has been pend-
ing for a long time, and should be disposed of. I
therefore move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 113) reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to amend
the act " to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. WELLER. I hope that motion will not
prevail. I think it utterly impossible to obtain a
vote on that bill to-day; and it has been under
discussion for the last five months in the Senate.
1 have yielded on several occasions to the gen-
tleman from Florida,with the hope thatwesbould
be able to secure a vote on the bill. I do not be*
^licve now that there is any probability of obtain-
ing it. I gave notice yesterday that 1 intended
to-day to ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill pioviding for the construc-
tion of a military road through the Territories to
the frontier line of California; and 1 desire to
make that motion. I hope it will not be the
pleasure of the Senate to proceed to the discus-
sion of tins old question, which has already been
worn threadbare, but will give us something new.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust the Senator from
Florida, and the Senator from California, will
allow me to make a motion which 1 desire to sub-
mit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Floitda.
Air. SLIDELL. The morning hour has not
yei expned.
Mr. MALLORY. I make the motion; it is
for the Senate to decide the question. The remark
of my friend from California induces me to adhere
to my motion. The naval bill has been discussed,
as he says, for five months; but the com:n,;v.;
reporting the bill have thrown no obstacle m rs
way, but have used ail proper intercession to
fruther, we feel disposed now to press it. 1 make
further, we feel now disposed to press it. I make
