1856.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
"has been returned to us with the veto of the Presi-
dent, are the same as those involved in the bills
for the removal of obstructions in the St. Clair
and St. Mary's rivers, each of which ffas been
marked by similar executive disapprobation.
Remarks applicable to the former apply equally
to the latter, excepting the local differences, which,
however, do not touch the general subject of con-
stitutional power. Under these circumstances,
as the people of Michigan feel peculiar interest in
the contemplated improvement of the two rivers
—straits rather—connecting the great northwest-
ern lakes, and forming the line of demarkation
between the United States and Canada, and also
in the question of the removal of river and harbor
obstructions, I shall trespass upon the indulgence
of the Senate, by offering for its consideration
some observations upon the power of appropria-
tion for these objects; a subject of importance to
the whole country, but vitafiy so to certain por-
tions of it. I leave to others, to whom it more
appropriately belongs, to portray the condition
and the wants of the vast Mississippi region
interested in this subject, confining any local
views I may present to the country where I have
long lived, and with which I am more intimately
acquainted.
The Senator from Louisiana, who has just
taken his seat, [Mr. Slidell,] has clearly and
forcibly explained the claims, which the obstruc-
tions at the mouth of the Mississippi have upon
the attention of the Government, and, in my
opinion, has shown conclusively, that the views
of the President in relation to this subject are
erroneous, and cannot be maintained; and some
days since we heard from his colleague [Mr. i
Benjamin] a powerful and graphic description of j |
the immense basin, drained by the great artery j
of the North American continent, which, draw-
ing its supplies from the fountains of the North,
pours them into the ocean under a tropical sun,
of its powers of production, the impediments to
its navigable streams, and its claim, not upon the
liberality, but upon the justice of Congress. It
is a magnificent region; and its settlement and
progress are among the proudest monuments of
human enterprise and industry, which the world
has ever seen since man was banished from his
first residence, and went out with the primeval
curse upon him. The enduring blessing has it
proved in the dispensation of a kind Providence—
" In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread."
It is but yesterday, as it were, that the upper por-
tion of this world of forest and prairie came
within the domain of civilization. I have de-
scended its mighty river two thousand miles in a
birch canoe, when there was hardly a white man
above St. Louis, and already it is "becoming the
highway of an empire.
The man yet lives, who was livitig when the
first tree fell before the pioneer's stroke in all that
vast region of power ana productiveness; and the
man now lives, who will live to see it contain tone
hundred millions of people. It seems to be a
dream, rather than a reality—the fantaisy of an
eastern imagination, instead of the stern per-
formance and promise ofactual fife. I ha vie seen
it grow up to its present gigantic proportions,
but it will continue to grow and grow, long after
I shall have become indifferent to that scene of
youthfill enterprise and exertion—that object of
national pride and hope. I say hope, sir, because
the destinies of this Republic, in the event-of ;
internal dissensions, will be found in the hearts
and heads and hands of the people of the West,
and there they win, I trust, be safe. That mighty
community will hold this Union together with
bands of iron, softened by affection ana patriotism
to_ bands of silk. _ They cannot leave you, and
with their permission you will never leave them.
Arid should the time come when a dissolution of
this Confederation shall be seriously attempted,
it will be wise to remember, that beyond the
Atlantic border there is an empire of freemen—
by instinct, and education, and feeling—lovers of
equal rights and free government—Americans by
principle and patriotism—strong in numbers and
in all the elements of power, and holding on to
the great political work of their fathers with a
grasp of force and a tenacity of purpose, which
no threats can enfeeble, lid promises can relax.
Before the evil day has done its work, they will
do theirs. They will strive to preserve, and God
grant they may be able to preserve, the ark of our
freedom from danger, and carry it safely through
: the troubled waters, though these may overflow
all their banks
1 We have now, sir, five messages from the
1 President, communicating his views upon the sub-
ject of harbor and river improvements, or, in other
words, upon the removal of obstructions from
the navigable waters of our country. Though I
do not find them identical, yet I prefer no charge
of inconsistency against that high Magistrate,
and in that respect I agree with the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and not with the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] I have lived
long enough to know, that rigid tenacity of opin-
ion is not a proof of wisdom, any more than habit-
! ual vacillation; and that we live to little purpose,
j if we do not learn, that the experience of yester-
! day may produce a change in our convictions of
! to-morrow. That the President's ideas upon this
' subject have gradually become more unfavorable
to the exercise of the power is perfectly obvious,
and that the alteration has been the result of ma-
ture reflection no one has the right to question.
So far as this change bears necessarily upon the
course of the discussion, I shall examine it, but
I shall not travel out of my way to seek it.
The President, in each of these documents,
speaks of a general system of internal improve-
ments, and connects the removal of every obstruc-
! tion with a gigantic scheme of artificial works;
and, in the most elaborate of these veto messages,
he quotes the remarks of Mr. Adams upon the
subject, who described the plan as one to checker
over the whole Union with " railroads and canals,''
and to which the President adds, as a necessary
consequence of the establishment of the power,
turnpike and ordinary carriage roads, the drain-
ing of marshes, the construction of bridges, the
creation of levees, the construction of canals for
irrigation, and "all the possible means of the
material improvement of the earth, by developing
its natural resources, anywhere and everywhere,
even within the proper jurisdiction of the several
States;" and he adds, also, objects of public in-
struction, hospitals, establishments t)f scienee and
art, libraries, and works of public utility. And,
if I understand the President, he maintains that
" the admission of the power in either of its senses
implies its existence in the other;" or, in different
words, that if Congress have the constitutional
power to remove an obstruction in the Mississippi
river, it has also the power to provide for the
various objects above enumerated. If such be his
opinion, he might well withhold his assent from
a measure, which would work such a fundamental
change in the structure of our Government, going
far to destroy its principle of confederation, and
to substitute that of consolidation. But I think,
sir, that a very cursory examination of the sub-
ject will be enough to show, that this association
of objects has no legitimate bond, and that the
President's apprehensions are as groundless, as
the assumption itself is erroneous.
Sir, seriously to assail such a system is to
attack a phantom. No man advocates it now.
I am not aware that any man ever did advocate
it as within the power of Congress. As a mat-
ter of speculation extensive crudities connected
with this power may have been advanced, but
they are not worthy of serious consideration.
Ana I must Confess my surprise that the Presi-
dent has so tenaciously adhered to the idea, and
so repeatedly dwelt upon it, that the removal of
any obstruction to navigation is a part of a great
system of internal improvements, with afi its
objections and dangers. A bad designation is
sometimes an overmatch for a sound argument;
and the power to render a harbor accessible may
perhaps be defeated by putting it into obnox-
ious company, and associating it with a gigantic
scheme of public worics, and as making part of
it, when it would survive the attack and gain
strength by a true constitutional analysis. Un-
doubtedly, at one time, there was a tendency
to push a plan of material improvements to a
dangerous extent, when the term " internal im-
provements" was almost a party watchword,
and was cherished with fond hope by those, who
sought to make our Government what was called
a magnificent one. But General Jackson, by
his Maysville veto, dealt a fatal stroke to this
project, and since then a system of internal im-
provements has disappeared from the political
arena. He denied the right of Congress to make
roads and canals, and declared that the Constitu-
tion must be changed before such a ^>ower could
be exercised. It is a well known fact that, at the
time he took this decisive measure in defense of
the Constitution, there were applications pendihg
before Congress for objects of this nature to the
amount of $106,000,000, which would have beeti
but the inauguration of an era of splendid works,
had it not been for this act of wisdom and firm-
ness. But, while doing so, he admitted the
, authority to render navigation more "safe and
I ] easy" by the removal of impediments, and there-
! i after approved many bills for that purpose. And
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is under
, an entire misapprehension, when he supposes
that General Jackson denied the power of Con-
gress to remove obstructions from rivers and
harbors. At the very session when he sent in
the Maysville veto, and after he- took that step,
he approved of appropriations for these very ob-
jects, to the amount of $672,566. And, during
his Administration, a larger sum was appropriated
by Congress for these purposes, and approved by
him, than during any otner equal period of our
legislation. Mr. Calhoun, also, while denouncing
" works belonging to internal improvements" as
unconstitutional, maintains the power of Con-
gress to make "appropriations and expenditures
for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi and its waters."
Mr. TOOMBS. The honorable Senator from
Michigan will allow me to correct him. I did not
say that General J ackson's practice was uniform;
but he did veto river bills on the express ground
of unconstitutionality. He vetoed the Wabash
improvement bill and others. 1 admit his practice
was not uniform; he did violate the principle.
Mr. CASS. I do not recollect the facts of that
case, and I shall not go into it because I have not
time. I am sure that, when he vetoed that bill,
he did it on the ground that the work was not a
national one—not that there Was no power in the
General Government to improve rivers and har-
bors, but that the Wabash was not one of the
class of streams, proper for the exercise of the
power.
The President, in like manner, in his veto mas-
sage of 1854, recognizes the difference between
the adoption of a system of internal improve-
ments, and the construction of a class of works
" national in their character." This distinction is
found in his veto message of December 4,1854, in
which he says that " the bill belongs to that class
of measures, which are commonly known as inter-
nal improvements by the General Government,"
and he returns it without his signature. But he
goes on to add : " I recognize in it certain provis-
ions, material in their character,and which, if they
stood alone, it would be compatible With my con-
victions of public duty to assent to," notwith-
standing they were internal improvements.
Now, sir, I trust that these opinions of General
Jackson, of Mr. Calhoun, and of General Pierce,
will redeem those of us against whom it was pt6-
ferred from a charge of inconsistency, made some
years since by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and renewed by him
the other day. The charge was, that, while pro-
fessing allegiance to that part of the Baltimore
platform, which repudiated the establishment of
a great system of internal improvements, we ad-
vocated and voted for the removal of obstructions
in rivers and harbors of a national character.
The former power was denounced by that repre-
sentative body of the Democratic party, the latter
was left Unquestioned; and among the most stead-
fast of the friends of these river fcnd harbor im-
provements was that pure patriot, Silas Wright,
who had an important agency ih the adoption of
the Baltimore Resolution. The difference is essen-
tial, both in its character atid operation. While
the general system opens the way to dangerous
consequences, both in legislation and in admin-
istration, the specific power to provide " aids for
navigation," as President Pierce aptly denomin-
ates it—and much more aptly than when he
elsewhere classes it with the objects of internal
iraprotfcfftent—is restricted within safe and re<5-
