752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
main question shall be now put, it has been held
by the decisions of the Chair that the question
does not go upon the Speaker's table. But I ask
if it has ever been held by the Chair, that the
bill does not go to the Speaker's table when there
has been merely a second to the previous ques-
tion ? According to my recollection, it has always
been held the other way; and that a bill which is
before the House, when the previous question
has been seconded only, and an adjournment
takes place, goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the
reading, by the Speaker, of the 51st rule. This
debate is all out of order.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say a word, if the
gentleman from Tennessee does not insist upon
his point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee raises the point of order, that all debate
after the demand for the previous question, is out
of order, under the 51st rule. The Chair will
enforce the rule if insisted on by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. HAVEN, I only desire to say, that I
thought, from the suggestion which the Chair
made, that he might be in some doubt upon this
question, and I threw out a suggestion upon it
with diffidence, in opposition to the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] who has had great
experience in these matters, and has himself ad-
ministered the rules of this House. For one,
however, I have never known the effect to be
given to a demand for the previous question
which he claims for it. It seems to me that the
reason for the practice which 1 contend for is
founded upon philosophy. When a man says,
"I demand the previous question," it is equiva-
lent to moving that the previous question be now
put. But the rules of the House make it not in
order for the Speaker to put it upon his motion,
unless amajority of the House seconds the motion.
When it is so seconded, then it is in order for the
Speaker to put the question. Well now, here
was a second, and it was m order, after the second,
for the Speaker to put the question, 4k Shall the
mam question be now put ?" The House says,
" No, it shall not be put." Where do we stand
then ?
Suppose it were, as it was under the old par-
liamentary law, as suggested by the gentleman
from Georgia, only necessary for one person to
second the demand, and one person should move
Xhc previous question, and one person should
second it, and we should vofe it down, will any-
body contend that that would send the question
over? 1 submit that it would not, but that all
the effect and all the virtue them is in a second
is simply to make it m order for the Chair to put
the question now; and when the Chair puts the
question, the House says, either that it will have
the previous question, or that it will not have it.
In tlus ease we have said that we will not have
it. Where, then, do we stand ? Why we stand
exactly where we stood before anybody demanded
the previous question, before anybody asked it.
To get at the question, " Shall the main question
be put?" it was necessary to go through the ma-
chinery of taking the question first upon the
second; and, after being taken on the second,
then it was to be taken on the main question,
tl Shall it be put now ?" and if that question were
voted down, then we have got rul of the whole
subject, and go on with the debate. As 1 said
before, that is the philosophy of the matter.
Mr. COBB. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New lork a question. I understood him to say
that, when the House votes the main question
shall not now be put, you have got rid of the
second. 1 ask how, under parliamentary law,
when it required only one member to second the
call, the ca*e would stand? What was the effect
under parliamentary law when it only required
one member to second, and the mam question was
negatived? If the gentleman will turn to the
ManuaJ he will find on pages 101 and 102 that the
cllect was to postpone it one day. I ask lnm, if that
was the parliamentary law, to point me to the rule
of the House which changed tho parliamentary
law in that respect.
Mr. HAVEN. The question which the gen-
tleman puts to me js the very question which I
put to him. [Laughter.] The very question!
And 1 do not see that it is made any stronger by
his sending it back this way.
Mr. COBB. Very well, then. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from New York, if he
puts it to me, I will answer him from the book,
ancfoffcr him to what I have already read:
" wTien the question was put in this form,£ Shall the main
question be put?' and was determined in the negative, it
suppiessed the main question during the session ; but since
the words ' now put' are used, they cxclude it for the pres-
ent only—formerly, indeed, only until the present debate
was over, but now for that day and no longer."
Now, my answer to the question is, that by the
parliamentary law, when the previous question
is moved and seconded, and the main question is
not ordered to be now put, it goes over for that
day and no longer. That being the operation of
the parliamentary law, it is binding upon us,
unless the gentleman can show some provision
of our rules changing or modifying the parlia-
mentary law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a de-
cision of the question, and leave it to the House.
The note in the Manual, at page 171, referred
to by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Trippe,]
is not the law of the House. I t is the opinion of
past presiding officers. The 50th rule of the
fctouse requires that the previous question shall
be put to the House only when seconded by a
majority. It requires a vote. That vote is some-
thing more than a matter of form. Therefore, a
vote being taken, the Chair is of opinion that,
when the vote is taken, it may be reconsidered;
but the effect of this vote is to bring the House
to an immediate vote on the question, " Shall the
main question be now put?" If the vote of the
House be that the main question shall not be put,
we then go to the Manual, which is made a part
of the law of the House by express rule; and the
terms of the Manual are very clear that, when the
main question is ordered not to be now put, it
carries the question over to the subsequent ses-
sion. The Chair, therefore, decides—and the
Chair understands that his decision is in con-
formity with the uniform rules of the House—
that, when the main question is ordered by the
vote of the House to be not now put, it goes over
to the next session. But, inasmuch as the vote
of the House seconding the call for the previous
question is still pending, the Chair thinks that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee to
reconsider that vote is in order.
Mr. COBB. I shall appeal from the decision
of the Chair entertaining the motion to reconsider,
on the ground that the House cannot reconsider
anything except a vote. That is not a vote; and
it is very easily tested, because the Constitution
provides that every vote shall be recorded by yeas
and nays whenever one fifth of the members de-
mand the record to be made. It never has been
held that you can demand the yeas and nays on
seconding the previous question; and the second-
ing has never been reconsidered so far as I know.
If the Chair entertains the proposition to recon-
sider, it must be on the ground that it is such a
vote as by the Constitution is authorized to be re-
corded on the Journal by yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Cluur does not think
it involves that question at all. The call for the
yeas and nays, which is a mere call, and not a
vote of the House, may be itself reconsidered.
Mr. COBB. I tlnnk not.
The SPEAKER. The Chain's of opinion that
the call for the yeas and nays may be reconsid-
ered. That is in conformity with parliamentary
usage everywhere, and the Chair understands
is in conformity with the universal practice of
the House. The Chair understands that there
have been decisions to that effect. The Chair can
refer, from recollection, to the decision made by
Mr. Winthrop, formerly Speaker of this House,
that an order for the yeas and nays may be re-
considered by a majority vote.
Mr. TRIPPE. I believe it was I who raised
the question of order on this point, and I stated
that it was at variance with what was my ori-
ginal impression, which had been changed. 1 state
now very frankly that I concur in the decision
made by the Chair on the question of order which
I raised; for I believe the Chains right,and that
I was originally right. I believe that the Chair
is also right—at all events, he ought to be—upon
the last point, and I shall, therefore, vote to sus-
tain his decision.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has moved to reconsider the vote by which
the previous question was seconded. The Chair
entertains that motion, and from the decision of
the Chair entertaining it the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] appeals.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not understand t^e
Chair precisely. I would like to know whether t
understood the Chair correctly in supposing 
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (interrupting.) I rise
to a question of order. Is the appeal debatable ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not debating the ap-
peal. The gentleman from Kentucky is a little
too quick. I was propounding a question to the
Chair to see whether I understood the point. I
understood the Chair to say that a demand for
.the yeas and nays may be reconsidered by a vote
of the majority of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not make
that decision. The Chair referred to such a de-
cision. It is not involved in the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has a decision of that sort
ever been made m this House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
such a decision has been made, but the Chair does
not raise the question. It is not a question pend-
ing before the House, and the Chair makes no
decision upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can the Chair refer to any
case in which this seconding the demand for the
previous question has been reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not pro-
fess to cite a precedent on that; but decides that,
under the rules of the House, the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee is in order. The gen-
tleman from Georgia appeals.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to raise any con-
troversy as to the decision of the Chair on the
point of order of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Trippe,] which I think is not according to
the practice of the House; but I desire to say that
the Chair seems to have decided in favor of our
friends on the other side of the House, and they
are now appealing from the reasons which the
Chair gave. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARLILE. I insist on the question on
the appeal being taken without debate,.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] being so wholly at fault, I think
he ought to be informed before he is required to
give a vote. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to know whether
it is within the knowledge of the Chair that any
instance has ever occurred where the yeas and
nays have been ordered upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowl-
edge of that fact.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I object to this debate. We
have not time for the Speaker to educate the
other side of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I rise to another question of order.
I desire to know if the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Zollicoffer] who made the motion to
reconsider voted with the ma]ority?
The SPEAKER. The Chair can have no
i knowledge of that fact, inasmuch as the vote was
not taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. It could not be voted on by yeaa
and nays; the yeas and nays could not be called
upon the question. I desire to propound the
question to the gentleman from Tennessee—did
he vote with the majority?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Debate is out of
order, and interrogatories are out of order. I
object to both.
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, I raise the question that
the gentleman from Tennessee did not vote with
tho majority.
The SPEAKER. That is a question that it is
impossible for the Chair to decide.
Mr. ORR. The rule requires that motions to
reconsider shall be made by some member voting
with the majonty. Now, 1 take the ground that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee to
reconsider is not in order, because he did not vote
with the majority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
it is impossible for him to determine whether the
gentleman from Tennessee voted with the ma-
jority or not; but there is a previous question of
order pending which must first be decided by the
House.
Mr. COBB. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the appeal. 1 want this question settled.
