1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
rules now. ^The committee were induced to pre-
sent this report to make the matter certain. For
mvself, I have no solicitude about it
"Mr, CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I do
not think the5 rules require any amendment what-
ever, and it is ^dangerous experiment to attempt
it, I can say/ftHf one, without entering into the
subject, that I am unwilling that the rules of this
body shall be changed. They have grown up
from the experience of,a thousand years. If a
gentleman supposes he" can now, by some twenty
or -thirty lines, add to those rules which have
grown out of the experience and wisdom of a
thousand Parliaments and Senates, I think he is
mistaken. I hope we shall make no innovation
on them; arid I concur with what the gentleman
from Louisiana has suggested, that we shall have
more controversies and disputes growing out of
it than now exist. We have enough already. I
do not want any amendments whatever to the
general rules of our proceedings.
Mr. HALE. I rise to express the hope that
these amendments will not prevail, and that we
shall not meddle with the rules. There is great
danger, at a time when anything exciting occurs,
of running into hasty legislation in passing rules
or laws growing out oCsuch events. If this is the
parliamentary law now, it is well enough as it is,
without an additional rule.
There is another proposed amendment, which,
I think, will be found to be improper'and full of
difficulty; and that is the provision that a Senator
" shall avoid personality, and shall not reflect
improperly upon any State." I think the true
criterion to govern debate is to be found in the
breast of every gentleman. I think that good
sense, and good temper, and good judgment, re-
quire this; but it will be very difficult to define
by precise rules what is an improper reflection
on any State, Now, sir, I think, for one, that at
the commencement of this session of Congress,
the President of the United States committed the
greatest violation of this rule of decorum, m
reflections whicJi he threw upon his naiive State,
amongst others. He said of snme States, thai
they had been guilty of nets which, if it wen*
not for the Constitution of the United Suites,
would beeau.se of war. I think that is the most
severe reflection J ever heard cast on any State;
but it has gone out, and the good sense of the
people, I trust, has corrected it; and I think it
always will correct such things.
In my opinion, this attempt to legislate and
amend the rules every time there is any excite-
ment growing out of an exciting state of things,
will be found to be mischievous; error will flow
from it; and the safest rules to govern are the
rules as they have been established by the suc-
cessive wisdom of Congress, and the predeces-
sors of Congress—(he Parliament of Ureal Brit-
ain* I hope they will not be rashly amended.
Mr..BUTLER. { do not use to add anything
to what has been said by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, or by the Senator from New Hampshire,
on the point before the Senate, but simply to call
the attention of the Senate to what I think was a
very distinct declaration of this body in Mr. Fill-
more's time, while he was Vice President, that
the Chair had fully the power on any occasion to
call any member to order, when, in the opinion
of the Chair, he was out of order. That ri^ht
being conceded to the Chair—and I am willing
that some declaration of the kind shall be made
now—it is not likely to lead to abuse; because,
if an appeal is taken from the Chair, we shall
always have the opinion of the Senate on the
point raised.
My judgmentis different from yours, Mr. Pres-
ident, and Mr. Calhoun's. 1 believe that the Chair
has the power. Such certainly was the opinion
of the Senate when Mr. Fillmore made the com-
munication to which I allude, in reference to his
powers. Mr. King, who was then on the floor—
a very experienced parliamentarian—said at once
that certainly was1 his understanding, and he
moved that the paper communicated by the Vice
President be filed as the opinion of the Senate.
Jf any member uses language out of order, it is
almost impossible foranother member to be placed
in su'-h circumstances as to be able to call him to
order, without being; subjected to the imputation
of shrinking from an investigation where his party
or himself are concerned, or placing himself in a
situation tn pi evoke controuvFy. This being
the case, the Chair occupies a high position of
impartiality and official dignity; and whatever his
decision is—I answer for it—in ninety-cases out
of a hundred, it will be abided by. If he should
make an arbitrary decision, inconsistent with the
freedom of debate, I have no doubt that on a
proper appeal it would be reversed. If the gen-
tleman [Mr. Stuart] will draw up a declaratory
rule, that it is the duty of the Chair to call to
order on any occasion when a member is out of
order, I think it will subserve all the objects con-
templated by the proposed amendments.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Do I understand
that the first amendment proposed by the com-
mittee is now under consideration?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Although the
paper alluded to by the Senator from South Car-
olina was laid on the table during the period
when Mr. Fillmore presided over the Senate, it
had been,'before that time, a debated question,
whether the Vice President, as President of this
body, had the power to call members to order
for any violation of decorum of debate. The
action m regard to Mr. Fillmore's communication,
I suppose, ought to have in itself the validity
of a rule of the Senate, for it was a decision; but
it can do no harm to ingraft it in this amendment,
so that it will be printed with the ordinary rules
as they stand. Many members of the Senate
did not know of the existence of that paper until
attention was drawn to it in debate. It does not
appear, I believe, among the published rules for
the regulation of the proceedings of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. To what rule does the Sen-
ator refer?
Mr. DELL, of Tennessee. That which de-
clares the power and duty of the Presiding Oifi-
ccr to call members to order for any violation of
the parliamentary limits of decorum in debate,
which have been established, as the honorable
Senator from Kentucky observes, for centuries.
Then, again, sir, 1 think that amendment which
relates to impioper reflections on the Stater is de-
cidedly proper. In the course of my experience,
both in the House of Representatives and in the
Senate, J ha\e observed more warmth, more irri-
tability on the pail of members, when any reflec-
tion is east on the public proceedings ofthe States
to which they belong, than when a direct attack
is made upon them personally. There is greater
disposition to resent more promptly and with
more ill temper such allusions, than allusions
personally ali'eciirig a lepre&entalive of <i State.
For that reason I think it would be wise to in-
corporate such a provision among the rules of the
Senate. Tins is a question altogether different
from any that could arise in the British Parlia-
ment, from which wc have inherited our rules of
proceeding, or, at all events, we have recognised
the parliamentary rul''s adopted there, and ap-
pioved by the experience and wisdom of so many
centuries. Here, however, the members of the
Senate represent Stales. Some gentlemen are in
the habit of cailing them sovereign States; but
they represent Stall s, at all events. Every gen-
tleman feels that he stands here as representing a
State—one of only two members, to whom are com-
mitted the honor and interests of an entire State;
and when its character is assailed in any respect,
he considers it is his duty to speak promptly, and
sometimes he is prompted by the attack on his
State to speak m violation ofthe rules of decorum.
I trust this provision will be ingrafted on the
rules of the Senate. I may express the hope,
while I am up, that all the piovnsions of the rules,
a«? proposed to be amended by the committee,
will be observed hereafter. I do not wish to in-
trude any remarks on that point, but I have ob-
served, for the seven or eight years during which
I have been here, that violations of these rules
have led to as much disorder, and obstruction of
the real progress of business, as anything else.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The hour for
the consideration ofthe special order has arrived,
and it must be taken up, unless the Senate other-
wise direct.
Mr. WELLER. I move to dispense with all
prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the ;
consideration of Senate bill No. 337. j
Mr. STUART. Is not the question under con- j
sideration a privileged question ? j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is not. !
Air. STUART. I hope the Senate will dis-
pose of the question in some way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. STUART. I hojie it will be withdrawn.
Mr. WELLER. I have no disposition to press
my motion, if it is probable that we can dispose
of this question in half an hour.
Mr. STUART. We shall certainly have to
consume more time if it be taken up on'some
other day. I hope it will soon be disposed of.
If the Senator from California will withdraw his
motion, I shall move to postpone all prior orders,
so as to continue the discussion of the question
now before the Senate; but if it is likely to con-
sume an unnecessary amount of time, I shall
abandon it.
Mr. WELLER. As I said before, if the prob-
ability be that we can vote on the proposed amend-
ment of the rules in the course of half an hour,
I shall not press my motion, because I am anx-
ious to have that question settled.
Several Senators. We can do that.
Mr. WELLER. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone all prior
orders to continue the consideration ofthe amend-
ment of the rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
is on the amendment proposed by the committee
to the 3d and 6th rules.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I am disposed
to concur, to a great extent, with my friend from
Kentucky, that the Senate should not change its
most ancient and well-tried rules; but I recollect
very well that the rules ofthe Senate, some twenty-
eight or thirty years ago, in reference to this
matter of culling to order, were, and have been
since, very different from those which govern us
how. Before the time when Mr. Calhoun occu-
pied the seat in which you now sit, it was held to
be the duty of the PresidingOilicer of the Senate,
whenever any gentleman was out of order, to call
him to order, and particularly for words spoken
m debate disrespectful to another member. In
the days when Gaillard occupied that seat, the
order preserved in the Senate was vastly better
than it has been since, as men were more cautious
of what they said to each other in debate.
At the time when Mr. Randolph occupied a
distinguished position in this body—who, I may
say, 3 trust without giving offense to any one at
this da)', was in the habit of indulging in personal
invective to a great degree—an attempt was made
to callhini to older; but Mr. Calhoun held that,
under the rules of the Senate, it was not his duty
to do so. The result was, that the rule was
adopted in practice, and I believe has prevailed
ever since, that, when a Senator was out of order
in debate, by the utterance of words disorderly,
it was the privilege of some other member to take
the words down m writing, and present them to
the Chair for his decision; and then the Chair
decided on this call whether lie was out of order
or in order. I have seen that rule tested very
often, and it has pioved to be one of the most
imbec lie and ineffectual measures ever adopted in
a deliberative body.
Very often, when a man, in the heat of debate,
utters words disrespectful to another, it is impos-
sible to get the exact words which he utters; and
it is a very difficult thing for a man, whose feel-
ings have been assailed in debate, to take down,
in the excitement of the moment, the woids used
by the aggressor. He may take down woids
which are similar, perhaps, to those used; but, lie
will often miss some part of the speaker's lan-
guage. In such a case the words will be denied,
and then th* Chair says: "I cannot decide, be-
cause the question is not nut to me properly under
the rule." So, too, the manner of a speaker is
sometimes more insulting than his maUer: and
there is absolutely no provision whatever for any
disorder, except that arising from spoken words,
which are reduced to writing.
Sir, the proper person to decide for us who is
in order, and who is not, is the Presiding Officer
of the body; and this whole provision requiring
other Senators to reduce to writing the word-sus-'d
by a disorderly member m debate i?-' all wion^.
I have seen it tried over and over again, aed jt
has generally proved a failure. I have ,sr <-n a gen-
tleman undertake to write down the woids ot a
disorderly speaker, at last compelled to throv/
