18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the satisfaction
of Vuginia land warrants, twenty-six thousand
one hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses necessary to carry out
the provisions of the act of third March, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, granting
bounty lands, to wit: For patents, patent and
- other records, stationery, and miscellaneousitems
under said act, thirteen thousand dollars.
Expenses incident to the removal of the Gen-
eral Land Office from the Treasury to the west-
ern wing of the Patent Office building:
For record and patent cases, cases for files of
correspondence, certificates, land warrants, and
other 'papers, repairing and reconstructing old
cases, so far as they can be made available, and
for carpets, matting, oil-cloth, and miscellaneous
items, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses at-
tending the same, including pay of furnace-keep-
ers, four thousand dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel, and
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, two thousand
dollars.
Pension Office:
For stationery, binding books, furniture, and
repairing the same, and miscellaneous items, in-
cluding two of the daily city newspapers, to be
filed, bound, and preserved for the use of the
office, eleven thousand live hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses in the said office under
the bounty-land act of thud March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-five.
For rent of rooms, stationery, engraving plates
for bounty-land wairants, paper, and printing
the same, binding books, blank-books for regis-
ters, office furniture, and miscellaneous items,
twenty thousand dollars.
For compensation of four night watchmen, and
one day watchman, for the eastern wing of the
Patent Office, occupied by the Secretary of the
Interior, three thousand dollars.
For Confuigcni Expenses of the Easimi Wing of
the Patent Office Building.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the Preservation of the Collections of the Explor-
ing Expedition.
For compensation of keepers and watchmen
therefor, and for laboiers employed at the rate of
four hundred and eighty dollais per annum, per
net fourth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three thousand two bundled and ten clotlai s.
For contingent expenses, two hundred dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general
northwest of the Ohio, and the cleiks m his office,
eight thousand three hundred doll,us.
Foi compensation of the surveyor genera! of
Illinois and Missouri, and the clei ks in his office,
five thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Louisiana,and the clerks in his office, four thou-
sand four hundred and sixty-one dollars and
ninety-five cents.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Florida, and the clerks in his office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand thi(*e hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Arkansas, and the clerksin his office, eight thou-
sand three hundjed dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his officii, seven thou-
sand one hundred and twenty-four dollars and
sixty-eight cents.
For compensation of the surveyor genera! of
California, and the cleiks m his office, thirteen
thousand three hundred and sixteen dollars and
fifty-fight cents.
r- ? compensation of the surveyor general of
-.iigton Territory, and the clei ks m his
office, six thousand and thirty-three dollars and
ninety-seven cents.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
New Mexico, and the clerks in his office, six
thousand two hundred and fourteen dollars and
sixty-seven cents.
For compensation "of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand and one dollars and nine cents.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Utah, and the clerks in his office, seven thousand
dollars.
For compensation of clerks in the offices of the
surveyors general, to be appointed to them accord-
ing to the exigencies of the public service, and to
be employed in transcribingfield-notes of surveys,
for the purpose of preserving them at the seat of
Government; forty-one thousand dollars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in
Missouri, five hundred dollars.
War Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of AVar,
and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messen-
ger, in his office, and for laborer employed therein,
at the rate of four hundred and eighty dollars per
annum, per act fourth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, twenty-one thousand one hundred
and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Adjutant General, thirteen
thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, six-
teen thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Paymaster General, twelve
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
m the office of the Commissary General, and for
laborer employed therein at the rate uffour hun-
dred and eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine
thousand six hundred and eighty dollais.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, five thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, eight thousand
dollars.
b'or compensation of the clerks and messengeiv
in the office of Topogiaplueal Engineers, and for
laborer employed therein at the mte of four hun-
dred and eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, twelve
thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the. War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, two thousand dollars.
For books, maps, and plans, one thousand
dollais.
For extra clerk-hiie, one thousand five hundred
dollais.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank-books, binding, stationeryfand mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollais.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
Foi blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, lime hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, advertis-
ing, and miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, nnd mis-
cellaneous items, including two daily Washing-
ton papers, nine hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, four hundred dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, mne hundred and fifty dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical Engi-
neers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For the General Purpn^-s of the Northwest Executive
Building. *
For compensation of four watchmen of the
northwest executive building, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two laborers of the north-
west executive building, nine hundred and sixty
dQllars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items, four
thousand dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Building, corner of
F 'and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent and four
watchmen for said buildings and for two laborers
employed therein, at the rate of four hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three thousand
six hundred and ten dollars. \
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items, fuur thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Navy Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messen-
ger in his office, and for laborer employed therein,
at the rate of four hundred and eighty dollars per
annum, per act fourth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, twenty-nine thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, and for laborer em-
ployed therein, at the rale of four hundred and
eighty dollais per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twelve thousand
two hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Navy Yards and Docks, and the civil engineer,
clerks, and messenger in his office, and for laborer
employed therein,at the rateof four hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four,sixteen thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Construction, Equipment, and Repaits, and of
the engineer-in-ehief, and the clerks and messen-
ger in his office, and for laborers employed therein
at the rate of four hundred and eighty dollars per
annum, per act fourth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, twenty-one thousand one hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, and for
laborer employed therein at the rate of four hun-
dred and eigh y dollars per annum, peractfouith
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, and the cleiks and
messenger in his office, and for laborer employed
therein at the rate of four hundred and eighty
dollars per annum, per act fourth August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand four
hundred and twenty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, news-
papers, periodicals, and miscellaneous items, two
thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, books, plans, and drawings,
eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, printing,
and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Piovisions and Clothing:
For blank-books, stationery,and miscellaneous
items, seven hundied dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank-books, stat mnery, and miscellaneous
items, four hundred and fifty dollars.
For the General Purpows of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
