1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
the exclusive power of regulating the commerce
of the States with foreign nations, and with one
another; and prohibiting, without qualification,
the States from entering into alliances or^oonfed-
erations, as has been stated. But equal care was,
at the same time, taken not to extend the remedy
beyond the evil. And hence the restriction which
limits the power to regulate commerce to the ex-
ternal relations of the States with foreign nations,
and with each other, to the exclusion of their
internal commerce as the evil to be remedied,
resulted wholly from the one, and not at all from
the other."
This historical exposition of the commercial
relations of the States, showing the necessity
of one general directing power, is confirmed by
all .other accounts, cotemporaneous or tradi-
tional. The resolutions of the Legislature of
Virginia, of 1784, among the predisposing causes
which led to the conventioij, declared such a
measure indispensable in order to prevent " ani-
mosities, which cannot fail to arise among the
several States from the interference of partial and
separate regulation," &c. And Judge Marshall
remarks, when speaking of this subject, that
" the power over commerce, including naviga-
tion, was one of the primary objects for which
the people of America accepted their frame of
government, and must have been contemplated in
forming it." Judge Johnson, of the Supreme
Court, described the course of legislation that
took place as leading to "iniquitous laws and
impolitic measures."
Passing from this historical summary, I return
to the clause embracing the subject, with a view
to its true interpretation. I have already said, that
the word '' commerce'' is far from being a definite
term, and still further from that characteristic is
the word "regulate." Mr. Calhoun says of it,
that " there are few words in the language, when
thus used, more vague than the word to ' regulate.'
It has, as commonly used, all the shades of mean-
ing from the mere power of prescribing rules to
that of having absolute and unlimited control
over the subject to which it is applied." Un-
doubtedly its primary and most usual significa-
tion is to prescribe rules, by which a thing shall
be done; but it extends far beyond this, as in the
regulation of the finances of a country, where it
undoubtedly confers—in the language of Mr.
Calhoun—" absolute and unlimited control over
the subject." And so thought Mr. Webster
when he said, " no words can embrace a wider
field than commercial regulations," &c; and
Chief Justice Marshall, when he described them
as conveying " full power over the thing to be
regulated."
There is no doubt, as was well remarked by
Mr. Calhoun, that the preexisting state of things
in the colonial times had its effect upon the grants
of power in the Constitution, and upon the con-
struction, which has been given to tneir exercise.
The words conveying them were used in that
signification to which the country was accus-
tomed, and some of them were extended or re-
strained by that circumstance; and they were
also controlled by the inconveniences arising out
of the former system. And this tendency has
not escaped the observation of Judge Story, who,
in his Commentaries, refers to the natural transfer
of a power to the Federal Government, because
it had been previously exercised by the Crown.
Thus, under the royal Government, the power to
regulate commerce was in the Crown, and it
carried with it the " regulation" of light-houses
and other "aids " to navigation in the navigable
waters. And this led the more readily to the
general acquiescence in the possession of the same
powers by the Federal Government; or, in other
words, in the construction which extended com-
merce to navigation, and the power of regulation
to material aids, to render it "safe and easy."
The colonies not being possessed of those powers
when subjected to British supremacy, and the
cotemporaneous and unquestioned construction
of this phrase, at the organization of the Gov-
ernment, show, as do also its continuance to
this day, that the power to regulate is a power
not merely to direct, but to aid commerce, or
rather navigation, the affiliated branch of it.
The ninth statute in the statute-book of the
United States is, " An act for the establishment
oflight-houses,beacons,buoys, and publicpiers;"
and it makes provision for their " support, main-
tenance, and repair," for the purpose of render-
ing the navigation " easy and sra," for such is
the declared object. The President, in his veto
message of January 3, 1855, in reviewing this
class of legislation, remarks that, "The practice
under all my predecessors in office, the express
admission of some of them, and absence of all
denial by any, sufficiently manifest their belief
that the power to erect light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and piers, is possessed by the General
Government." And ne adds that, " In accord-
ance with long-established legislative usage, Con-
gress may construct light-houses and beacons,
and provide, as it does, other means to prevent
shipwrecks on the coasts of the United States."
Here, then, we have the admission of the Presi-
dent, of his predecessors, of Congress, of the
country, indeed, from the initiation of the Gov-
ernment-to the present day, with the exception
of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who,
I believe, has been the first to deny the power of
the Federal Legislature to establish this class of
works, and particularly light-houses, that there
is a constitutional power to construct and main-
tain them. Whether the Senator so restricts the in-
terpretation of the word' 'commerce " as to exclude
navigation from its operation, he has not told us.
If he does not, his construction is not as strict as
it might be; and if he does, and is right, our pro-
ceedings upon this subject form a remarkable
example of false legislation, which has gone on
unquestioned for almost seventy years.
Ihe act of Congress of August 7,1789,^ which
enumerates these objects—" aids to navigation"
—and to which the President refers, was signed
by Washington, and approved, so far as we
know, by many of the eminent men, who had
been members of the convention that framed the
Constitution, and had seats in the First Congress,
that convened under its authority. I have re-
quested Colonel Hickey, who is not only our
able and faithful Clerk, but is intimately ac-
quainted with the history of Congress, to ascer-
tain how many members of the First Congress
had been members of the convention; and he has
prepared an interesting list, that I hold in my
hand, and which shows that there were, in that
Congress, eight members of the Senate, out of
twenty-eight—the whole number—and nine mem-
bers of the House, out of ninety-three—the whole
number—who had held their seats in the consti-
tutional convention; and that, of all the mem-
bers of both branches, amounting to a hundred
and twenty-one, fifty-four had been delegates to
the old Congress. Their names are all given,
and some of them are as familiar to us as house-
hold words. That act of August 7, 1789, recog-
nized the principle that the regulation of com-
merce is not a mere declaratory power as to the
mode in which it shall be carried on, but that it
includes also the means of "facilitating and
securing it;" for that is the authority thus his-
torically claimed. But, besides these objects,
there are others, depending on the same princi-
ple, which have since, by universal assent, been
provided for by Congress—such as hospitals for
seamen when sick or disabled, their support
when indigent in foreign countries, and their
return to the United States; surveys, not for the
Navy, but for the commercial marine; "recon-
noissances" like that for such parts of Behring's
straits and the China seas " as are frequented by
American whale ships and by trading vessels;
life-boats; the dispatch of vessels for relief in
hazardous seasons; and other objects, which I
have not time to seek.
Then, sir, the power to regulate commerce in-
cludes the power to aid navigation; and among
other means, by rendering it more " easy and
safe." And we have also the authority of Gen-
eral Jackson and of Mr. Polk to the same point.
The former said, in his Maysville veto message,
that the exercise of the power to render " navi-
gation safe and easy," by light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and piers, is coeval with the Constitution;
and the'latter, in his message of August 8, 1846,
that Congress has exercised this power coeval
with the Constitution, " for the purpose of ren-
j dering navigation safe and easy, and of affording I
I protection and shelter for our Navy and other I
shipping." And we have thus reached the prin-
ciple of jurisdiction, and are brought to the prac-
tical question of the extent to which it may be
applied. And we have reached also that debata-
ble ground in our Government, where the pos-
sibility of the abuse of a power is so often urged
as a reason against its constitutional existence.
It is a branch of the subject I feel no disposition
to press upon the attention of the Senate. A tend-
ency to the abuse of power, by the excessive
application of it, is common to all Governments—
to our own as well as to others. Such is the im-
perfection of language, that it is impossible to
confer a power, which , in legislation or in admin-
istration, may not be liable to abuse, honestly or
dishonestly. But still, powers must be vested
somewhere; and that political system is the wisest,
which grants, not the least, but the least that is
compatible with the just objects of Government,
and provides the surest means for its proper use,
and the safest checks against its abuse.
There are objects, which, from their very na-
ture, carry with them more temptation or liability
to mispjovernment; and it is here that most cau-
tion should be exercised, both in the grant of
Eower and in its administration. But it would
e a waste of time to refute the proposition, that
where there may be vicious legislation, there no
power to legislate exists.
I have said, that the gentleman from Georgia
and others like him—if there are any such—who
deny the power of the General Government to
construct light-houses, or to provide any ot^cr
" aids" to navigation, are free from the embar-
rassment to which the President and those who
think with him are exposed in seeking a tangible
boundary, after once admitting the jurisdiction
of Congress over the subject. In this, as in many
other cases, it is the first step, which creates the
difficulty. Though there are certain principles
—constitutional limitations rather—to whicn I
have already alluded, and shall again advert, that
restrict the power of Congress over this subject
within far narrower limits than would be occu-
pied by a general system of internal improve-
ments, yet, even with this restriction, much is
left to legislative discretion, as there must be in
all cases of public expenditures.
The President, while conceding "that,beyond
the purposes of national defense and maintenance
of a navy, there is authority in the Constitution
to construct certain works in aid of navigation," *
contends "that the conclusions in fayor of the
pftwer deduced from cotemporaneous construc-
tion and long-continued acquiescence are them-
selves suggestive of limitations of constitutional-
ity, as welt as expediency, regarding the nature
and the description of these aids to navigation,
which Congress may provide, as incident to the
revenue power; for at this point the controversy
begins, not so much as to the principle, as to ita
application." That is, if I comprehend the Pres-
ident's meaning, the constitutional action of
Congress is conceded, but its application, or, in
other words, the exercise of the legislative dis-
cretion, under an acknowledged grant of power,
becomes the matter in controversy. I do not see,
if the power exists, wherein it differs in its op-
eration from other grants, or how its application
ean test the authority of Congress any more than
the extent of the exercise of other powers can be
tested by a similar process. Nor do I compre-
hend what are the nature and description of those
aids, which suggest constitutional and expedient
limitations to the action of Congress, nor how
they operate to produce that effect. In explana-
tion and confirmation of his position, the Presi-
dent says that, " in accordance with long-estab-
lished legislative usage, Congress may construct
light-houses and beacons, and provide, as it does,
other means to prevent shipwrecks on the coasts
of the States. But the General Government can-
not go beyond this, and make improvements of
rivers, of the value and to the degree of all the
provisions of the bill of the last session of Con-
gress." Judge Story, in adopting the principle,
carries it to its legitimate consequences. He says,
in his Commentaries, that "the power to regu-
late commerce extends to the construction of
light-houses, the placing of buoys and beacons,
the. removal qf obstructions to navigation in creeks,
riversf soundsi and b<tyst and the establishment, of
