20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
teenth section of the act of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, for the additional services
required under that act, at the same rates provided
in the act approved second March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, and under the same restric-
tions and limitations, fifteen thousand dollars.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better pro-
tection of the lives of passengers by steamboats,
with traveling and other expenses incurred by
them, eighty thousand dollars.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from Lands.
To meet the expenses of collecting the revenue
from the sales of public lands in the several
land States and Territories, in additfi&n to the
balances of former appropriations:
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices, and receivers of public moneys, two
hundred thousand dollars.
Forfexpenses of depositing public moneys by
receivers of public moneys, thirty-eight thou-
sand dollars.
Fo!- incidental expenses of the several land offi-
ces, fifteen thousand dollars.
Penitentiary.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, phy-
sician, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
matron, of the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, twelve thousand five hundred and sixty
dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary,ten thousand and eighty-five dollars, in-
cluding four thousand dollars lbi furnaces.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and distiict courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia; also forjurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred in the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, and previous years; and likewise
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions
for ofienses committed against the "United States,
and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, one million
dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, three thousand dollars.
For office rent, for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, three thousand
dull.us.
For rentof surveyor general's office in Kansas
and Nebraska, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, three thousand dollars.
For office icnt for the surveyor general of Utah
Territory, fuel, books, stationery, furniture, and
other incidental expenses, three thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of a translator in the office
of the surveyor general of New Mexico, two
thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, throe thousand dollars.
For compensation, m part, lor the messenger
in charge of the mam furnace in the Capitol,
three hundred and fifty dollars, and twenty per
cent, thereon, per act twenty-second April, one
thousand eight bundled and fifty-four—making,
together, four hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets m the Capitol, three hundred and
sixty-five dollars, and twenty per cent, thereon,
per act twenty-second April, one thousand ei^ht
hundred and fifty-four—making, together, four
hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the pubhe<gardoner, twelve
hundred dollars,and twenty per cent, thereon, per
act twenty-second April, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-four—making,* together, one thou-
sand four hundred and.forty dollars.
For compensation of sixteen laborers employed
in the public grounds and President's garden, at
forty dollars per month each, and twenty per
cent thereon, per act twenty-second April, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-four—making,
together, nine thousand two hundred and sixteen
dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, seven hundred and thirty
dollars, and twenty per cent, thereon, per act
twenty-second April, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-four—making, together, eight hundre
and seventy-six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in thff Capitol square, at five hundred dol-
lars each, and twenty per cent, thereon, per act
twenty-second April, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-four—making, together, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night wafchmen, em-
ployed at the President's House, at five hundred
dollars each*, and twenty per cent, thereon, per
act twenty-second April, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-four—making, together, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the door-keeper at the
President's House, five hundred dollars, and
twenty per cent, thereon, per act twenty-second
April, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four
—making together, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the assistant door-keeper
at the President's House, three hundred and
sixty-five dollars, and twenty per cent, thereon,
per act twenty-second April, one thousand eight
hundred «and fifty-four — making together, four
hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman em-
ployed fowthe better protection of the buildings
lying south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters' shops, five hundred-dol-
lars, and twenty per cent, thereon, per act
twenty-second April, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-four — making, together, six hundred
dollars.
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the-
Potomac bridge, and twenty per cent, thereon,
per act twenty-second April, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-four, and for fuel, oil, and
lamps — making, together, three thousand two
hundred and sixty-six dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges, across the eastern branch of the
Potomac, at four hundred and fifty dollars each,
and twenty per cent, thereon, per act twenty-
second April, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four, and for fuel, oil, and lamps—making,
together, one thousand one hundred and eighty
doll.u s.
Foi <ure.ua^es due Bailey Brown, keeper of
the upper Eastern Branch bridge, for expenses
incurn d in the years eighteen hundred and fifty-
three and eighteen hundred and fifty-four, in the
purchase of fuel, oil, and repairs of lamps, one
hundred dollars.
For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and
for fuel, and oil for lamps, nineteen thousand
four bundled dollars.
For furnace-keeper at the President's House,
three hundred and sixty-five dollars.
For printing and publishing one thousand
copies of the papers of James Madison now m
the archives of the State Department, under the
direction and control of the Joint Committee on
the Library of Congress, six thousand dollars:
Provided, That said works be printed by the pub-
lic. printer, and that no more be paid for such
printing than the amount authorized by the law
regulating the public printing.
♦Sue. 2. be it further enacted, That the first
section of the act entitled "An act to remodel
the diplomatic and consular systems of the
United States, passed March first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, shall be so construed as that
the annual compensation fixed for the diplomatic
representatives of the United States at the several
countries therein enumerated, shall be the same
I as therein specified therefor respectively, whether
such representatives shall be of the grades exist-
ing at the time of the passage of this bill, or of
a superior grade; and that such compensation
shall commence from the first day of July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, as the period desig-
nated m said act.
Stic. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be authorized to employ, in
addition to those now allowed by law, one clerk
of class four, in the office of the colonel of
topographical engineers, and to take one clerk
from class two, and add one to class four in his
office; that the Secretary of the Interior be au-
thorized to employ in his office, one clerk of class
four, in addition to those now allowed by law,
and temporarily, one clerk of class two, to take
charge of the census returns; and the Secretary
of the Treasury be authorized to employ one
clerk of class three, in the office of the Fifth
Auditor, $nd to take one clerk from class two,
and add one to class three, in the office of the
First Comptroller; and to take one "clerk from
class three*, and add one to class four, in the office
of the Register; and such sum as may be neces-
sary to carry into effect the provisions of this
section, to the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated; and to enable the Secretary of War
to employ temporary clcrks in the office of the
Quartermaster General on bounty land service,
five thousand dollars, and that the same is hereby
also appropriated.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, to en-
able the Secretary of State to pay to the clerks in
his office of class four the same compensation as
was paid to the same class in other Executive De-
partments from the first of July, eighteen 'hun-
dred and fifty-three, to the thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, inclusive, the sum of
twenty-one hundred and seventy-eight dollars and
seventy-six cents be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, outof any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopriated.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pay
of the marines in the service of the United States
who compose the corps of musicians known as
the " Marine Band," stationed at the navy-yard
in Washington city, be, and the same is hereby,
increased at the rate of four dollars per month,
commencing on the first of May last, and to con-
tinue as long as they shall perform by order of the
Secretary of the Navy or other superior officer,
on the Capitol grounds or the President's grounds.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public , LV.—An Act making Appropriations for
certain Civil Expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven.
l)e it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep) e-
senlatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same aie hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal yearendmg the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-seven, viz:
Surrey of the Coast.
For survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast of
the United States, (including compensation to
superintendent and assistants, and excluding pay
and emoluments of officers, and men of the Army
and Navy, and petty officers and men of theNavy,
employed on the work,) two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, one hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (excluding pay and emoluments of offi-
cers of the Anny and Navy, and petty officers and
men of the Navy, employed on the work,) forty
thousand dollars.
For running a line to connect the triangulation
on the Atlantic coast with that on the Gulf of
Mexico, across the Florida peninsula, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, fifteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and alterations of steamers " Het-
zel" and 44 Vixen," and of sailing vessels em-
ployed in the coast survey, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For fuel and quarters, and for mileage and
transportation for officers and enlisted soldiers o#
the Army serving in the coast survey, in cases
no longer provided by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, ten thousand dollars.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims
not otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted
