754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
railroads from the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean; which was referred to the select commit-
tee on the subject of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Jasper county, Mississippi, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Paulding to
Taylorville or Ocoha, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roade.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of officers
of the Army, for an increase ox the commutation
price of the Army ration; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Catharine M. E. McKnight,
widow of Francis McKnight, who was killed
by accident while in discharge of his duty as an
artificer of ordnance, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the improvement of
Indiana avenue, in that city; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands have had under consideration the memo-
rial of Mary Kimer and Mary C. McCoy, pray-
ing for indemnity for losses sustained by them in
the depreciation of property in consequence of
delays interposed by land officers in the perfection
of their titles. I am instructed by the committee
to ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of this memorial; and also, at the request
of the agent for the claimants, to move that they
have leave tp withdraw their papers for tlie pur-
pose of having them referred by them to the Court
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Nathaniel Mothershead, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill granting a pension to
Nathaniel Mothershead, of Missouri. The bill
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill granting
bounty land to Ilebecca Freeman, reported it
without amendment. He submitted a report on
the subject, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill to regulate
the appraisement of imported merchandise, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of the Hebrew congregation of the city
of Washington, prayinc for an act of incorpora-
tion, reported a bill tor the benefit of the Hebrew
congregation of the city of Washington; which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PTJGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Adam D. Steuart, for the reimbursement of a
sum of money paid by him for the recovery of
certain public funds which were stolen while
under his charge, submittedareport, accompanied
by a bill for his relief. The bill was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the memorials
of George E. McClelland and other officers en-
gaged in the Florida war, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill to authorize the Secretary
of War to cause to be paid to Captain George E.
McClelland, bis officers and men composing his
company of mounted volunteers, full pay for ser-
vices rendered, and full forage and subsistence
whilst engaged in Florida in 1840. The bill was
read the first time, and ordered to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
AgathaO 'Brien, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of
the United States Army. The bill was read the
first time, and ordered to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILL DAY. „
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, no order
has yet been made for the consideration of pri-
vate HHs. We have been in session for several
months, but we have not devoted one day to their
consideration; I therefore ask the Senate to make
an order, that Friday of every week be set apart
for the consideration of private bills.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the only effect of
the order will be to give precedence to private bills
on that day, but not to preclude the Senate'from
proceeding to the consideration of other business
if it shall be thought necessary. I have no ob-
jection to the order being made if such will be its
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is all I seek to ac-
complish.
Mr. STTJART. The usual order has been
held'to have the effect of requiring a d^y's notice
to set it aside. Is that the supposition of the
Senator from California; or does he think that
the Senate may, on Friday, set aside the order,
and take up public business?
Mr. WELLER. I desire that the order may
be put in such a form that it will not require no-
tice to set it aside.
Mr. SLTDELL. Under the order of last ses-
sion, if that be adopted, the objection of a single
Senator will prevent the Senate from proceeding,
on Friday, to the consideration of any other busi-
ness than that of a private character, on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. WELLER. It is to guard against that
very evil, that I have made the suggestion that
the order be framed so as merely to give prece-
dence to the private bills on Friday.
Mr. STUART. I suggest that the object will
be attained by a simple provision, that private
business on Friday snail be the special order.
Then a vote of the Senate can postpone it if pub-
lic business should require consideration.
The PRESIDENT. It has heretofore been
considered that one day's notice was required
to change the order in regard to the consideration
of private bills; for it has been construed as a
rule; but the Senate, of course, can make an
order similar to that indicated by the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask that the Senate will
make private bills the special order for Friday
of each week.
The PRESIDENT. A majority of the Senate
will have power to set aside that order at any
time.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
The motion of Mr. Brodiiead was agreed to;
and it was therefore
Ordered, That on Friday of each, week, during the present
session, private bills shall bo the special oider of the day.
COLLECTION OP CUSTOMS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill, (S. No. 155,) reported by the Committee
on Commerce, relating to the appointment of
officers for the collection of the customs, and to
provide for their compensation, in order that it
may bo made the special order for some subse-
quent day.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now desire that it may be
made the special order for some day next week,
when it will not interfere with other business.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine, that there are some regulations
in that bill relating to the custom-house at New
Orleans, to which I have thought it necessary to
call the attention of the officers there. 1 do not
know that by next week I shall have the neces-
sary information on which to act; I should there-
fore prefer iliat the bill be deferred until the week
after next.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I will say Tuesday
week,
Mr. SLIDELL. That will satisfy me.
The motion of Mr. Hamlin was agreed to; and
the bill was made the special order for Tuesday,
the 8th of April.
COLONEL BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The resolution which
I reported yesterday morning from the Commit-
tee on Printing was not accompanied by an esti-
mate of the cost of the work. I have now the
estimate, and I ask that the Senate may take up
the resolution, and consider it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resoh
tion: ^
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand additions
copies of the report (No. 3-2) of the Committee on Military
Affairs, on the joint resolution (S.E. No. 1) for the present-
ation of a sword to Colonel Benjamin S. Roberts.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask for the reading
of the Superintendent's estimate, which I send to
the Chair.
The Secretary read as follows:
Estimate for printing Senate report No. 32, in the case of
B. S. Roberts,
Composition of twenty-six pages small pica plain.... $26 00
Press-work of one thousand copies  6 76
Paper for one thousand copies  13 01
Total cost of one thousand copies $45 77
And the sum of §'19 77 for each one thousand copies after
the first.
Total cost of five thousand copies, $124 85.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
to one point in connection with this report. I
notice that, in the correspondence which it con-
tains in regard to the flag first planted on the walls
of the city of Mexico, there is a reference to the
plan of one of the battles. It seems to me that this
plan should be printed with the report, in order
to make more intelligible some of the letters. I
presume the additional expense of printing the
plan will be very small.
Mr. WELLER. I was afraid of incurring
additional expense, if that diagram should be
reprinted with this document. It is a drawing
which accompanies the official report of General
duitman, which has already been published by
order of Congress, and is to be found among the
official documents. If the Senate, however, are
disposed to have it reprinted to accompany the
report of the committee in this case, I have no
objection. The Senator from Texas says that
it will enable a person to understand much more
readily the position of the different commands, if
printed with the report. Preference is made to
the diagram in the report of the committee. It
would certainly be useful to pi*int it.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. Mr. President, I had the
misfortune to differ from my colleagues upon the
Committee on Printing m reference to the expe-
diency of publishing extra copies of this report.
I deem it my duty, therefore, to state to the Senate
the principle on which I dissent from them.
I acknowledge that the cost of this extra print-
ing will be trifling; but, after the debate which we
had the other day, it is for the Senate to consider
whether they will order the printing of docu-
ments, simply because the expense may be com-
paratively trifling, when they would not agree to
print the same documents if they were to cost
more money. I think the distinction ought to
be drawn on other considerations than the mere
amount of money involved. I think that, unless
a document is of general interest to the people,
we should not print a great number of copies,
whether it be a large or small work. Now, this
report is no doubt of interest to the officers of the
Army, but to nobody else that I am aware of. It
involves a disputed question as to certain trans-
actions which took place in the city of Mexico.
It relates to a dispute as to who raised the first
American flag in the city of Mexico, or who made
the order for it, and who is entitled to the credit.
It is a question of some interest undoubtedly to
officers of the Army who were there; and, apart
from that, it may be of some historical interest;
but, the usual number of copies being already
printed, it is preserved for that purpose without
the printing of a large number of extra copies.
In my judgment we ought not to print docu-
ments of this kind merely for the purpose of
gratifying a particular class of individuals. The
report consists simply of letters—nothing else; a
few letters on the subject—collected by the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs, and put together to
be preserved. The object is, that the gentlemen
interested may be furnished with copies to en-
lighten them and their friends on the question,
who raised that flag?
This is a small matter, and I care nothing about
it; but, in pursuance of the debate which has
taken place in the Senate during the present
re- #
w
31131
