1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Si
•34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, five
thousand dollars: Provided, That no part of this
appiopriation shall be drawn from the Treasury
except in pursuance of some law or resolution of
Congress authorizing the expenditure. •
To supply the deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
Light-House Establishment.
For supplying five hundred and eleven light-
houses and beacon-lights with oil, glass chim-
neys, wicks, chamois skins, polishing powder,
whiting and cleaning materials, transportation
and other necessary expenses of the same, re-
pairing and keeping in repair the lighting appa-
ratus, two hundred and ninety-three thousand
three hundred and fifty-seven dollars and fifty-
five cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improvements of all the light-houses, and
buildings connected therewith, one hundred and
seventy-three thousand two hundred and eighty-
nine dollars and twenty-one cents.
For salaries of five hundred and forty-three
keepers of light-houses and lightbeacons and their
assistants, and including one thousand two hun-
dred dollars for salary of superintendent of sup-
plies on the upper lakes, two hundred and eigh-
teen thousand four hundred dollars.
For salanesof fifty-one keepers oflight-vessels,
twenty-nine thousand and fifty dollars.
9 For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and
incidental expenses of fifty-one light-vessels, one
hundred and ninety-four thousand six hundred
and thirty-four dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, and supplying losses of
buoys and day beacons, and for chains and sink- ,
ers for the same, and for coloring and numbering J
all the buoys, one hundred and seven thousand ii
two hundred and twenty-eight dollars and seventy- ,
eight cents. i _ _ |
"For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights,
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars.
For commission s, at two and a half per centum, ,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the ;
same un der the proviso to the act of third March, j
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, entitled " An act j
making appropriations for the civil and diplo- |
malic expenses of Government for the year end- t
mg June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, and for other purposes, " on the amount that
they may be disbursed by them, eight thousand
dollars. j
For the coasts of Odhfornia, Oregon,'and .
Washington: '
For oil and other supplies for twenty-three ;
lights, cleaning materials of all kinds, and trans- (
poruuion for the same, expenses of keeping lamps :
and machinery in repair, publishing notices to ;
marineis of changes of aids to navigation, forty-
live thousand three hundred and twenty-eight dol- :
lais and seventy-five cents. j
For lepairs and incidental expenses of twenty-
three lights, and buildings connected therewith,
twenty-four thousand five hundred and sixty- j
three dollars. .
For salaues of forty-six keepers and assistant
ke.'pe.s of li^ht-houscs.at an average not exceed-
ing eight bundled dollars per annum, thirty-sis,
thout-aiid eight hundred dollars. . .
For expenses of raising, cleaning, repairing,
iemoot in"", and supplying losses of floating bea-
cons and buoys, and chains and sinkers tor t ic
sum , an.l for coloring and numbering all the
buoys,twenty-one thousand five hundreddollais.
1 'or commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to mi- h MHMTintondenisas are entitled to the same
urnlfT ihr proviso to the act of third March, eigh-
th . n hundred and fifty-oil'*, entitled u An act
iii,(kii"r cumropnations for the civil and diplomatic
, xp, „;,.s of Government for the year ending June
tlurti, th, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and for
. Other purposes,"on ihe amount that may be dis-
bursed bv them, one thousand dollars. _
For completing the light-house near Coffins
Pal-hes, oil'Ory Bank, on the Florida reet, be-
tween Carysfort reef ami Sand Key light-houses,
twenty-four thousand one hundred and live dol-
lars and sixty cents.
For completing the light-house on Ship shoal,
Louisiana, to take the place of the light-vessel at
that point, thirty-eight thousand and nineteen
dollars and seventy cents.
For continuing the construction of the light-
house on the rocks called the " Sow and Pigs,"
near the entrance to Buzzard's bay, in Massa-
chusetts, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of theaiight-
house on Minot's Ledge, one of the Cohasset
Rocks, Boston bay, Massachusetts, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For restoring the bracing, and repairing inju-
ries to the iron screw-pile light-house on Brandy-
wine shoal, by the breaking up of the ice in the
Delaware river and bay, seven thousand three
hundred and fifty-two dollars and tlnee cents.
For restoring and repairing beacons, buoys,
and spindles, destroyed or injured by the break-
ing up of the ice on the coasts of Maine and
Massachusetts, in Long Island sound, and in
Newark, New York, Delaware, and Chesapeake
bays, forty-one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-four dollars.
For restoring lost moorings, and repairing in-
juries to light-vessels, by the breaking up of the
ice in Vineyard sound, Boston and Chesapeake
bays, fourteen thousand seven hundred and
twenty-seven dollars and fifty-four cents.
For the erection of a "boarding station" at
j Pass a l'Outrc, in Louisiana, twelve thousand
1 dollars.
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army
serving Qn light-house duty, the payment of which
is no longer provided for by the quartermaster's
department, five thousand eight hundred and fifty-
nine dollars and thirty-eight cents.
For enlarging the mint at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, forty-five thousand dollars.
For the purchase money agreed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to be paid, on the part of the
United States, for the purchase of a lot and
building for the use of the United States courts
at Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania,
seventy-eight thousand dollars,to be paid out of ,
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-1
propriated; but said payment is not to be paid
until the Attorney General's certificate is pro-
duced to the Secretary of the Treasury that a
valid, unincumbered title is become vested m the
United States.
For the purchase of the lot or parcel of land,
with the appurtenances and buildings thereon
belonging to the Bank of Pennsylvania, and
particularly referred to and described in articles
of agreement bearing date the twelfth day of
! July^one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six,
1 for the purposes of a post office m the city of
' Philadelphia, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars: Provided, That no part of the money
! hereby appropriated shall be expended for the
purchase aforesaid, until the Attorney General
• of the United States shall give his written opinion
' m favor of the validity of the title of said lot or
! parcel of land. . . ,
i For the purpose of making alterations required
I in the building hereby authorized to be purchased
! of the Bank of Pennsylvania, to adapt it to the
I uses of a post office in the city of Philadelphia,
i and to furnish the necessary cases and boxes for
! t}1L. same, fifty thousand dollars. Thattne sum of
two hundred thousand dollars be, and the same
' is hereby appropriated, to enable the President to
i; procure and pay for a site for a building for the
i! accommodation of the United States courts m the
1 city of Baltimore, and to erect thereon afire-proof
'! building for such purpose, on such plan as the
" President may approve; and the further sum of
three hundred thousand dollars, or so much thereof
as1 mav be necessarv for a post office in the said
city; and thcTre-ident is hereby authorized to ie-
pity; anauie  -
consider the conditional contract heretofore made
bv him with the Merchants'Exchange Company;
to' appoint a commissioner, to whom, together
with another commissioner to be appointed by
the Mavor of Baltimore, be shall reter the ques-
tion of the selection of a site, or site and building,
for said post office; and if said commissioners
disagree they shall choose a third; and the said
commissioners shall make their decision and sub-
mit the same to the President for Ins apjuoval,
and if the President approve their selection his
i approval shall be final; and if he disapproves their
i selection the whole subject shall be referred Jay
him to Congress, at their next session: Provided,
That no part of the money shall be applied for
j the erection of such buildings till a contract shall
j be concluded with responsible parties, with de-\_
I tailed plans and estimates, to erect and complete
] such building according to such plan and esti-
i mates, and to deliver the same to the United States
| for or within the sum above appropriated, after
! paying thereout for the land contracted for by the
' President under the authority of law for the site
of such building.
For raising the roof of the marine hospital at
Natchez, Mississippi, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase for the United States the lot in the rear
of marine hospital at Mobile, Alabama, six-thou-
sand dollars.
For the completion of the marine hospitals at
St. Marks, Florida, and Galena, Illinois:.
For St. Marks, seventeen thousand dollars.
For Galena, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house and post
office building at Cincinnati, Ohio, with all neces-
sary additions, appendages, and accommodations,
thirty-five thousanddollars.
• For fencing and grading the grounds of the
| marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri, twenty-
1 six thousand three hundred dollars.
For completing the marine hospital at Evans-
vine, Indiana, ten thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
For annual repairs of marine hospitals, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the continuation of the custom-house at
New Orleans, Louisiana, three hundred thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pro-
cure a lease from the board of supervisors of
Ontario county. New York, for a court roomand
post office at Canandaigua, New York, and to
furnish the same, twelve thousand dollars.
For inclosing and grading the lot, constructing
pavements and cisterns, and introducing gas for
the custom-house at Oswego, New York, five
thousand dollars.
For fencing and grading the grounds, com-
pleting and furnishing the custom-house at Barn-
stable, Massachusetts, nine thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy dollars eighty cents.
For bridging the Kcnduskeag river on each
side of the custom-house at Bangor, Maine, from
the middle bridge to the lower bridge, five thou-
sand three hundred dollars; and the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to sell the old custom-house and lot at Providence,
Rhode Island, and apply the proceeds thereof to
the purchase of land for the enlargement of the
site of the custom-house now being constructed
at that place; or to exchange said old custom-
house and lot for land for the enlargement of said
site, if, in the opinion of the said Secretary, it
shall be more advantageous.
For compensation of the members of the board
of revisors appointed in pursuance of the act of
Congress approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, entitled "An act to improve
the laws of the District of Columbia, and to codify
the same," twelve thousand dollars: Provided,
That the President of the United States shall
determine the sum to be received by each mem-
ber of said board, the same not to exceed the sum
of one thousand dollars per annum to each during
his term of service, and that the whole compen-
sation shall not exceed the sum hereby appro-
P1That'the officers of the late surveying and ex-
ploring expedition to the China Seas and Bher-
; fug's Strait who,underthe orders of the Secretary
of the Navy, performed the duties of grades higher
than their own respectively, shall be entitled to
receive, m lieu of the pay of their own grade, the
pay of the grades whose duties they performed
respectively, for and during the time they per-
formed the same, and that the same be paid out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
aPThat1the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, directed, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to
