22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Henry Woods, and to the legal representatives
of Samuel Roseburg, deceased, the sum of three
dollars a day, each, for the services of the said
Woods and the said Roseburg in superintending
the construction of the building for a custom-
house, post office, and court-house, at Pittsburg,
Pennsyl vania.
For completing custom-house at Pensacola,
Florida, five thousand dollars in addition to sum
already appropriated.
For the completion of the marine hospital at
New Orleans, in addition to the appropriation
heretofore made by an act approved August
fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one hun-
dred and fifty-one thousand and six hundred and
fifty-nine dollars and twenty cents: Provided,,
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be au-
thorized to direct the said hospital to be built
either of iron or of brick, or of both materials,
and fire-proof, as m his discretion he may deem
best adapted to the climate.
For enlarging the building provided by law to
be constructed at Chicago, in the State of Illinois,
for, a custom-house, post office, and court-house
over the plan heretofore adopted for that purpose,
and so modifying said plan as in the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury the public conveni-
ence shall require, sixty-five thousand dollars, and
ten per centum on the santffe for contingencies:.
Provided, That such enlargement and modifica-
tion can be completed within the sums heretofore
and hereby appropriated.
For completing die custom-house at Norfolk,
Virginia, fifty-four thousand six hundred and
fifty-two dollars and fifty-three cents: Provided,
That the proceeds that shall be received from the
sale of the piesent custom-h^uso shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States.
For enlarging the building provided by law to
be constructed at Bristol, Rhode Island, for a post
office and court-house, over the plan adopted under
the appropriation heretofore made, ana so modi-
fying snid plan as in the opinion of the Secretary
of the Treasury the public convenience shall re-
quire, seven thousand five hundred dollars, and
ten per centum on the same for contingencies:
Provided, That &ueh enlargement and modifica-
tion shall be completed within the sums hereto-
fore and hereby appiopriafed.
To complete the looms in the City Hall, Utica,
New York, necessary for the proper nccommod:i-
tion of the (Tinted States districtand circuit courts
held 111 said city, and their ofiiceis, which was
directed by the act of Congress approved thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, Jive thou-
sand dollars.
For the alteration and improvementofthc court
room iu the City Hall of the uty of'Washmgton,
in the District of Columbia, the .sum of two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For the continuation of the custom-house at
Charleston, South Caiolma, three hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For annual repairs of custom-houses, thirty
thousand dollars.
For building vaults as additional security to the
public funds in sixty-six depositories, sixty-six
thousand doliais.
For ventilating basement-rooms of the Treasury
building in addition to surplus funds for ventila-
ting and lighting upper rooms of the same build-
ing, fifteen thousand dollars.
For continuing the Treasury extension,four hun-
dred thousand dollars; and that the appropriation
fq^ removing the stonewall which now forms the
southern boundary of the park at the President's
may be expended in accordance with such plan
as may be hereafter approved by the President,
for the purpose of removing said wall and inclos-
ing said park.
For continuing the Capitol extension, seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the grading and planting with
trees the unimproved portions of the mall, ten
thousand dollars.
For paying existi ng liabilities for the Washing-
ton aqueduct, and preserving the work already
done iiorauv'jrvjsueh sum of money as shall be
necessary, not exceeding two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
^ For continuing the construction of the new
dome of the Capitol, one hundred thousand dollars. .
That the President shall cause the money ap-
propriated for the erection of a suitable house for
the plants recently brought from Japan for the
United States to be applied as directed by the
act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
he isliereby, authorized to cause the building
provided by law to be constructed at Detroit, in
the State of Michigan, for a custom-house, post
office, and court-house, to be increased m length
over the plan heretofore adopted for that purpose,
not to exceed twenty-five feet, and to modify and
enlarge said plan so as to adapt the same to such
increased length, if in the opinion of the Secretary
the public convenience shall require such modifi-
cation: Provided, That such extension and mod-
ification can be accomplished at an expense not
exceeding thirty thousand dollars, and a sum not
exceeding ten per cent, on the said last-mentioned
sum, for superintendence and contingencies, which
sums, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, are
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: And pro-
vided further, That 110 money shall be paid under
this clause of this bill until the Secretary of the
Treasury shall contract for the completion of said
so extended building, at a cost within the sums
heretofore and hereby appropriated therefor.
For payment of messengers of the respective
States for conveying to the seat of Government
the votes of the electois of the said States for
President and Vice President of the United States,
twenty thousand dollars.
Survey of Ike Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska, and Utah,) including inci-
dental expenses and island surveys in the inte-
rior, and all other special and difficult surveys de-
manding augmented rates to be apportioned and
applied to the several surveying districts accord-
ing to the exigencies of the public service, in-
cluding expenses of selecting swamp lands, and
the compensation and expenses to survey or
to locate private land claims in Louisiana, in ad-
dition to the unexpended balances of all former
appropriations, one hundred thousand dollars.
I' or resurveymg and correcting erroneous sur-
veys m the lower pcninsulaof Michigan, at a rate
not exceeding six: dollars per mile, nine thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For correcting erroneous and defective lines of
public and private surveys in Illinois and Mis-
souri, at a rate not exceeding six dollais per mile,
two thousand dollars.
For completing the survey of towns and vil-
lages in Missouii, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For the resurvov and correction of old errone-
ous surveys in Arkansas discovered since the
last report by the surveyor general, at a rate not
exceeding six dollars per mile, nine thousand
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For the lenewal and collection of old, errone-
ous, and defective surveys in Arkansas discov-
ered since the last estimate by the surveyor gen-
eral, where the marks have become obliterated by
time, accident, and other causes, at a rate not
exceeding four dollars per mile, five thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For surveying in Louisiana at augmented rates
now authorized by law, five thousand and fifty-
five dollars and sixty-six cents.
For preparing the unfinished records of public ■
and private surveys to be transferred to the State [
authorities under the provisions of the act of ;
twelfth June, eighteen hundred and fcfrty, in those |
districts where the surveys are about being com- j
pletcd, eighteen thousand one hundred dollars. '
For resurvcy and examination of tlfe survey !
of the public lands in those States where the i
offices of the surveyors general have been, or
shall be, closed under the acts of the twelfth '
June, eighteen hundred and forty, and twenty- j
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, '
including two thousand dollars for the salary of ;
the clerk detailed to this special service iu the j
General Land Off ce, three thousand dollars. '
For continuing the surveys of the keys off
the coast of Florida by the officers <ff the coast
survey, thirty thousand dollars. That all public
lands heretofore reserved for military purposes in
th#State of Florida, which said lands in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of War are no longer useful
or desired for such purposes, or so much thereof
as said Secretary may designate, shall be and arc
hereby placed under the control of the General
Land Office, to be disposed of and sold,m the
same manner and under the same regulations as
other public lands of the United States: Provided,
That said lands shall not be so placed under the
control of said General Land Office until said opin-
ion of the Secretary of War giving his consent,
communicated to the Secretary of the Interior, in
writing, shall be filed and recorded.
For continuing the survey of the islands oft"
the coast of California by the officers of the coast
survey, forty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, including office expenses in-
cident to the survey of claims, and to be disbursed
at the rates prescribed by law for the different
kinds of work, fifty thousand dollars.
Forcontinuingthesurvey ofthe base,meridian,
correction parallels, township, and section lines in
the Territory of Utah, fifty thousand dollars.
Forcontinuingthe survey of the base, meridian,
standard parallels, township and section lines jj|||
in New Mexico, thirty thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of running the
boundary line between the State of Texas and the ®
Territory of New Mexico, ten thousand dollars.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the District of Columbia,
and of the Army and Navy, at the'asylum in said
District, including five hundred dollars for books
and incidental expenses, twenty thousand five
hundred dollars.
For the erection of a barn and carpenter's shop
at the Insane Asylum of the District of Columbia,
seven thousand two hundred dollars.
Forinclosing the grounds of the Insane Asylum
of the District of Columbia, thirteen thousand
eight hundred and seventy-two dollars.
For the completion of the center building and
three other sections of the Insane Asylum of the
District of Columbia, one hundred and thirty-
eight thousand six hundred and seventy-three
dollars. *
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase five hundred burial lots in the Congressional
burymg-ground, a sum not exceeding five thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the same be ex-
pended in the construction of an iron fence on the
north side of said burial grounds.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
for, or allow for, the engra\mg of the 44 Ingraham
Medal," in pursuance of a contract made by
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, under
authority of law, two thousand two hundred
dollars.
> For replacing the works of the exploring expe-
dition destroyed by the fire at Philadelphia on the
eleventh April last, the sum of ten thousand four
hundred and ninety-tour dollars and foity-six
cents.
To authorise the Secretary ofthe Treasury to
enlarge the building now in progress of erection
to be used as a custom-house and post office, at
^Toledo, m the State of Ohio, by the addition of
another story, and otherwise, as he may find
expedient, the sum of nineteen thousand five hun-
dred dollars, with ten per centum thereon for con-
tingencies: Provided, That the money hereby
appropriated shall not be expended until the Sec-
retary shall have contracted, upon such security
as he may approve, for the completion of the said
building so enlarged, at a sum equal to, or less,
than the amount heretofore and hereby appro-
priated.
For arranging and binding, for preservation,
the original returns of the seventh census, and
those prior thereto, two .thousand five hundred
dollars.
For surveying the necessary base, meridian,
standard parallels, township and section lines, in
Kansas and Nebraska; also, outlines of Indian
reservations,one hundred and one thousand dol-
lars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
