756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27 j
i
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, that, though I have no objec-
tion to his making this subject the special order
for Monday, I should dislike to have it under-
stood by the Senator, or the Senate generally, that
I should, so far as my action goes, be disposed
to permit the discussion at that time. It may he
made a special order, and take its chance with
the other special orders, which already have pre-
cedence.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Georgia proposes to make this subject
the special order for the morning hour on Mon-
day.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir, at half past twelve
o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would suggest to my friend
from Georgia that, if he proposes to make these
resolutions a special order, he should include in
his motion the bill reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs on the subject. I learn that the
chairman of that committee is about to be absent
for a fortnight. This discussion will certainly
occupy some days—three or four at least—and 1
would suggest to ray friend that, if he will name
some day when the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee will probably be in his place, it would be
acceptable to all parties, and then we could take
up the whole subject and dispose of it.
Mr. MALLORY. When the subject to which
the honorable Senator from Georgia refers was
f under consideration before, I moved to fix a day
for the special consideration of the bill reported
by the committee; and thatmotion was agreed to.
A reconsideration was moved by the colleague of
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] not
now in his place. He stated, as one of the rea-
sons for desiring a reconsideration, that he him-
self would be compelled to be absent. I did not
hear that reason, nor was I aware he had given
any such reason until a day or two since when
I read his remarks in the Congressional Globe.
1 opposed the reconsideration of the vote fixing
that special order, not knowing that he placed
it on the ground of personal inconvenience. I
take this opportunity—the first I have had—of
saying that 1 would not have opposed it if I had
known that he was about to leave the city.
I shall not ask the Senate to defer the consider-
ation of these resolutions, or the bill which the
committee reported, on account of my absence.
I must necessarily be absent for a fortnight, and
I am perfectly willing that the bill and resolutions
shall be taken up in my absence at any time that
it may please the Committee on Naval Affairs
and the Senator from Georgia to fix. I presume,
however, that no definite disposition will be made
of the subject until my return, which will be in
about .two weeks; and then I shall -wish to give
my views on the subjeet, which I have not yet
done. •
Mr. IVERSON. My motion is to take up the
resolutions, together with the bill—I have, no ob-
jection to including that—and make them die
special order for Monday next, at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the pension
appropriation bill from the House.
Mr. SEWARD. One o'clock is the time fixed
for the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Senator
from Vermont, who has the floor on that question,
does not desire to speak to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. But the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] who is a new member here, has
been entitled to the floor, and has been desirous
to speak on the same subject, for several weeks.
It is his desire to go on now.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill will probably not
occupy ten minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. We can take it up after the
Senator from Iowa has got through.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to have some under-
standing as to whether it will occupy time or not.
Mr. HUNTER. It will not occupy more than
ten or fifteen minutes. If it leads to any debate,
I shall be willing to allow it to go over.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 70) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending .Tune 30,1857.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that this is sub-
stantially the same bill with the one which we
passed and sent to the House of Representatives.
It is not necessary, therefore, to read it through.
The PRESIDENT. The reading of the bill
in detail will be dispensed with.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, several of the
widows of persons entitled to pensions arising
out of the privateer pension" fund reside in Lou-
isiana; and my attention has been called to the
fact that there is no provision in this bill for the
payment of that class of pensions. I have a
letter from the Commissioner of Pensions, and
from the Secretary of the Interior, giving full
information in regard to the deficiency in this
item, which can be read. I can make some ex-
planation in relation to the character of the propo-
sition I am about to submit. The letter of the
Secretary of the Interior only applies to the extent
of the appropriation required. The fund set apart
for the payment of a certain class of pensioners,
serving on board private armed vessels, has been
exhausted by being applied to cases not within
the scope of the law by which the fund was set
apart; and I have some amendments to olFer
which are intended to provide for the few of the
remaining individuals of that class now on the
pension list. I think the amount is but about
$1,700 a year. I offer this amendment, to come
in at the end of the first section of the bill:
For paying pensions of invalids who were wounded on
hoard of private armed vessels during the last war with
Great Britain, in addition to the unexpended balance of
former appropriations for tlie same object, $1,357.
I also propose the following, as an additional
section:
Sec. 3. Jlni be it further enacted, That any moneys ap-
propriated by the act of the 31st of May, 1854, to supply
deficiencies for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June of
that year, and by tlie second section of the act of the 28th
of Fcbruju^, 1855, making appropriations for tlie payment
of pcnsiqPI applicable to the payment of the pensions of
invalids who were wounded on boaid of private armed
vessels during the last war with Groat Britain, not required
under the provisions thereof, may be applied to the same
purpose subsequent to the 30th of June, 1855; it being
hereby provided that pensions to invalids thus wounded
shall be paid from moneys in the treasury of the United
States m the same manner upon appropriations .nade, or to
be made, as other pensions tor naval or mihtaiy sei vices.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand these amendments
arc founded on recommendations of the Depart-
ment?
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. Then it is unnecessary to take
■up the time of the Senate in reading the letters to
'which the Senator from Louisiana alluded.
Mr. HUNTER. I will make a simple state-
ment, and then I am willing to submit the ques-
tion without further remarks. The privateer pen-
sion fund has been exhausted; it was exhausted
in 1844. About two years ago we made an ap-
propriation to it for a single year. There is a
residue of that appropriation which was not all
expended in that year. It is now for the Senate
to say whether they are willing to appropriate the
residue of that appropriation, (which will be
enough for the deficiencies of that year,) or
whether they will do that and also go fuither
and assume the obligation to pay these pensions
hereafter. I think it would be certainly wrong
to assume the obligation. If we choose to give
the money, it is a pure gratuity. For myself, I
am not willing to vote it. At any rate, I am not
willing to vote for the section which gives them a
legal right to demand it. The Senate may, per-
haps, think differently in regard to the balance of
the old appropriation which is unexpended, and
which would cover these cases for one year.
Mr. SLIDELL. One of the amendments pro-
poses merely a transfer of a portion of the money
appropriated by a previous law, which has not
yet been expended. To that I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Finance makes no
objection. I propose to go further, and to dis-
pose of this question for all time. I must beg
leave to correct the statement made by my friend
from Virginia in relation to this fund having been
exhausted. Two years since the Committee on
Finance, through the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] one of its members, asi its organ,
recommended the striking out of the provision in
the pension appropriation bill of that year, as it
came from the House, providing for this class of
pensions, on the ground that the fund had been
exhausted and the faith of the nation was not
pledged to the payment of this debt.
If there were no such fund in existence, I should
advocate the payment of this class of pensioners.
I think they are among the most meritorious of
those who are on the rolls of the Pension Office;
but they stand on a much higher ground than
that. They are not now appealing to the bounty,
but to the justice of the Government, to be paid
out of a fund which has not been properly ex-
hausted, and which was created for their special
use.
As I said before, the Committee on Finance
reported this bill two years sincc,withan amend-
ment striking out a prospective provision for ths
payment of these pensioners. It was debated in
the Senate, and the Senate, upon a statement made
by the Senator from Maryland, adhered to the
recommendation of the Committee on Finance.
Afterwards, however, a reconsideration having
been moved, and the question having been again
examined by the Committee on Finance, they
withdrew their objection to the proposition, and
it passed with the general concurrence of the Sen-
ate. At page 820 of the Congressional Globe,
for the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
I find a statement made by the Senator from Mary-
land; and as it is very short I will read it to the
Senate, so that the whole matter may be under-
stood. It explains the whole subject much more
briefly than I can possibly do. 4
The Senator from Maryland then said:
" In regard to that amendment which leduced the sum
appiopriated to privateer pensions, X wish to make a bnef
statement to the Senate, and state the reasons why [ shall
take a different course fiom that which I pursued the day
before yesterday. All the statements which £ made to the
Senate then were, as I find, perfectly correct. I find that
the fund was exhausted by the application, first of the in-
terest and then of the principal. It was safely invested,
and not a dollar of it was lost by bad investments. On the
contiary, the fund was absolutely increased by the amount
of §8,000, when the stocks m which it was invested were
sold out.
" But, sir, the fund was diminished by the action of Con-
gress in a particular which, lam inclined to think, leaves
an equitable claim on the part of these pensioners against
the Government. The original acts pledged this fund to the
payment of invalid piivatecr pensions, and pensions to the
widows of those who were slain in the engagement* of the
pnvateers. Such were the pensions provided for by the act
of 1814. By the act of 181d, 1 find that Congress added a new
class of pensions, to wit: the widows of those who died
by casualties during the period of their services. This was
not contemplated by the onginal acts.
u On looking at the papers which have been sent to me
since the debate, I perceive that the proper pension* have
amounted m all to not more than $5,900 in any year; when
by the act of 1818, which extended them to tbe widows of
those who died of casualties, the Government paid m one
year $19,000. This difference continued for a considerable
length of time.
" The privateer pensions paid to invalids decreased rap-
idly; so that, in 1828, they amounted to only $2,850. They
had never been more than about $5,900. The pensions to
widows amounted to over $8,000 m 1817, and um up, in
1820, to $19,471; so that it appears that it was tbe new class
of pension*, introduced contiarvto the pledge ol the oii-
ginal act, which diminished and finally exhausted the fund.
Under these eneuuis^uuiei-s, I j>ivc up the objection
which X had to the original appiopriation as it came from
the House. I believe it is equitable in the Government to
make good to the invalids the pensions which they would
have continued to receive, but tor our own legislation. I
hope, therefore, the Senate will not concur m the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole."
This was the action of the Finance Committee
only two years since. It is perfectly evident that
tins fund has been squandered by the Govern-
ment, and appropriated to the payment of pen-
sions for which it was not creatcd. These men
have, as I believe, not only an equitable, but a
just legal right to the payment of their pensions.
I wish the letter of the Secretary of the Interior
to be read. It shows that it is a very small mat-
ter—not more than $1,700 a year.
Several S&xators. It is not necessary to read it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to pro-
tract this discussion; but I will say, that the
statement which I made in regard to the privateer
pension fund was founded on a letter fiom Air.
L. P. Waldo, Commissioner of Pensions, writ-
ten in 1853. He made tlie statement that the
privateer fund was then exhausted. I will read
an extract from it:
" By reference to the account of the receipts and expend-
itures of the United States for the fiscal year ending 30th
ot June, 1844, page 253, it will be seen that the puvateer
pension fuud was then reduced to a balance of $74 07.
