74<5
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
dent, "great reserve and caution while legis-
lating upon this subject—imposes the duty of a
thorough examination of each proposition, that
its adaptation to the recognized purposes and
objects may be satisfactorily ascertained. The
practical difficulties, which surround the task of
judicious decision, have gone far to bringreproach
upon the poweritself. But, as Mr. Calhoun justly
remarks, the effort should not be to destroy this
power, but to " confine it within its proper con-
stitutional limits," by a union of all who may
dread its abuse, as otherwise it may fall within
the control of those " who wotild exercise it with-
out regard to abuses or the restraints imposed by
the Constitution." For, he continues, " there is
not the least probability, that Congress will ever
abandon the exercise of the power."
Mr. Calhoun's sagacious intellect could not
fail to discern and appreciate the powerful con-
siderations, both general and local, which attach
themselves to the possession of this power, and
will prevent its repudiation. I know of no ses-
sion of Congress, for many years, in which a
majority of both branches have not been favor-
able to the judicious and moderate^exercise of
this authority. It has happened, indeed, that
legislative action has, from time to time, been
impeded or delayed by the views or course of
the Executive; and it is quite possible, that these
temporary checks may eventually be salutary by
the imposition of more caution, and by bringing
Congress back to the true principles involved in
this legislation. Certainly the last test vote in
the Senate, so far as I recollect, was strongly
confirmatory, as well by the political character,
as by the local position of the members, of this
prophetic declaration of Mr. Calhoun. The cir-
cumstance occurred in 1847, when, on a motion
of Mr. Bagby, to strike out of a bill for various
objects $150,000, for the improvement of the
Ohio, below the falls, and the vote upon which,
as announced by the mover, was designed to be
a test one, the result was—39 nays, and but 6
yeas; thus almost unanimously asserting the
existence of the power. I give the names, for
some of them carry with them the weight of
authority:
YEAS- -Messrs. Bagby, Butler, Mason, Niles, Turacy,
and Yiilee.
YEAS— Means. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Ben-
ton, Brcesc, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers,
Cillcy, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dick-
inson, Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Greene, Hanncgan, Houston,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Moreliead, Pearre, Rusk,
Simmons, Suule, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and Wood-
bridge.
And assuredly the President, when he prepared
his first veto message, that of December 4,1854,
must have participated in the opinion of Mr.
Calhoun, that there was little probability of the
abandonment of the exercise of this power of
improvement. For he says in that message, that
" public opinion, with regard to the value and
importance of internal improvements in the coun-
try (river and harbor improvements it should
have been) is undivided. There is a disposition,
on all hands, to have them prosecuted with energy,
and to see the benefits sought to be attained by
them fully realized." This is an honorable trib-
ute to the strength of the system in the hearts of
the American people; and if the President has
since repudiated it by cutting the Gordian knot,
which created some practical embarrassments,
instead of untying it with " reserve and caution,"
to borrow his "admonitory" words, that cir-
cumstance but enhances the value of this admis-
sion.
There is a suggestion in Mr. Calhoun's Mem-
phis report, entitled to much weight in the con-
sideration of this subject. When speaking of
the extent of the power to regulate commerce,
he observes, that the "words are used without
qualification or condition. But if there should
be room for doubt, it would be removed by advert-
ing to the reasons for delegating the power. It
was not to limit or prohibit it as a power 9t a
dangerous character, and, which ought on that
account to be restricted or prohibited. On the
contrary, it was regarded as one of the utmost
utility, and on the proper construction of which
the prosperity of the State essentially depended.
Ana it was accordingly for the purpose of obtain-
ing such control, as well aa to prevent collision
|) among the States, and not to restrict or prohibit
! I it, that it was delegated to the General Govern-
! | ment," &c. Certainly there are just causes of
\ jealousy, dictated by the instincts of freedom,
connected with military and naval establishments,
which do not at all apply to expenditures for the
improvement of navigation, whose beneficial ef-
fects are apparent on the slightest reflection.
Freedom nas often fallen before ambitious chief-
tains and military power! That is the lesson of
history, as well as the experience of our own day.
But I do not believe we shall ever see our institu-
tions perish in consequence of the removal^ of a
snag or the opening of a sand-bar, in cases justi-
fied by the Constitution. We shall be the very
. Methuselah of Republics, if we live till that fate
overtakes us. But if the doctrine of rigid con-
gressional exclusion is maintained and adhered
to, our frame of Government, looking upon the
State and Federal relations as forming one sys-
tem, will present a strange anomalv in the history
of the progress of nations. It will be practically
powerless to perform one of the most important
functions, affecting the condition of modern so-
I ciety, the improvement of the means of naviga-
! tion, by which our communications with foreign
countries and between the respective States are
carried on and preserved. For it is certain, look-
ing at the actual state of things so well described
by Mr. Calhoun,at the relations of the States with
each other, and with the works essential to the
purposes of navigable intercourse, that if the Gen-
eral Government has no power of beneficial inter-
vention, then again, to adopt the words of the
same eminent statesman, when referring to the
navigation of the Mississippi and its tributaries,
' Then this great branch of our commerce—
already among the greatest, and destined in a short
time far to exceed every other—will be left ex-
posed to the great hazard and enormous losses to
which it has been shown to be subjected, without
any power in the system anywhere to provide for
its safety, although millions might be annually
saved by a comparatively small expenditure, as
experience has shown." And this warning is j
applicable to other portions of the Union, aa well
as to the Mississippi valley.
But, after all, experience is far from confirming
the reproach of the wasteful expenditures made
for these objects in the past, or tne gloomy appre-
hensions of their immense demand for the future.
For myself, I think there has been a very com-
mendaolc moderation in the exercise of the power.
I have generally found a disposition to look pretty
narrowly into these propositions; and, friendly as
I am to them, and interested as my constituents
are in the maintenance of the system, I felt com-
pelled to vote against the bill of 1851, because I
thought it included works, which did not come j
within the true principle of congressional action; I
and the same "reserve and caution" that operated I
on me, no doubt operated on others. \
I have caused a statement to be prepared, with
some care, of the expenditures made by the Gen-
eral Government for river and harbor improve-
ments, from the commencement of the system
in 1824 to this time. It may not be founa offi-
cially accurate; but it is nearly so, and quite near
enough for the purpose of ascertaining the op-
eration of the exercise of this power. During
the thirty-two years, that have intervened since
that period, the following appropriations have
been made in the three great divisions of our
country:
For the Atlantic States, and including an appropriation of
$30,000 for California 
For the Mississippi river and its tributaries  3,479,971
For the Lakes, including Lake Champlain and
excluding Lake Superior, for which no ap-
propriation has ever been made  3,110,183
Total $11,751,370
I repeat, sir, I consider this a very moderate
expenditure—a very inadequate one, looking to
the situation of the country, and to the objects to
be attained. Less than $350,000 annually ap-
propriated, as the average expenditure for the
improvement of rivers and harbors through the
vastextent of this country. Why, sir, the whole
sum does not equal the amount expended on the
breakwater of Cherbourg, in France, to render
that port safe and accessible. i
Recurring again to the disposition to test the
existence of a congressional authority by its
liability to abuse, it is worthy of remark, that
that position, if successfully persisted in, would
annihilate some of the most important functions
of the Government. It would disband the Army
and dismantle the Navy; for these means of
national power and defense may be uselessly
increased by Congress to an extent out of all-
proportion to the wants or the fiscal capacity of
the country. Fdrts, arsenals, magazines, court-
houses, post offices, and " other needful build-
ings," in the language of the Constitution, must
be abandoned; because it is possible for the Legis-
lature, in violation of its trust, to construct them
in the very wantonness of expenditure. The
power of taxation must be repudiated; for it is
constitutionally coextensive with the whole prop-
erty of the country, and subjects it to the indiscre-
tion, or something worse, of Congress. Certainly
there are some powers which are more liable,
from their nature, to abuse than others, and these
demand increased caution on the part of the Legis-
lature, and increased vigilance on the part of the
people, to counteract this tendency. One would
think, that the implication clause of the Constitu-
tion, by which the power of Congress is extended
to all objects necessary and proper, in their own
opinion, to the exercise of their express author-
ity, would cast into the shade all other discre-
tionary powers; but it seems to maintain its
position in the legislative practice of the Govern-
ment almost without remark—certainly without
serious assault.
The honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] in his remarks defending the President's
veto, did not, indeed, make this tendency to the
excessive use of a power the standard of con-
gressional interpretation; but he assumed the
position, that appropriations for these river and
harbor improvements would necessarily introduce
such inequality into the system, as to render it
incompatible with the equal principles of our in-
stitutions. The subject does not thus strike me,
sir. Equality of taxation, by which every man
■hall contribute to the public revenue in propor-
tion to his means, is one thing, and a just and
indispensable thing; but equality of expenditure,
by which every man shall be equally benefited
in a pecuniary point of view, by the public dis-
bursements, is another and quite a different thing.
The former should be an object with every honest
Government; the latter is a dream of the im-
agination, utterly inconsistent with the operation
of any political system, and will never find aplace,
except in some new Utopia, as wild and imprac-
ticable as the old one. A fort is intended for the
defense of the country; an arsenal for the con-
struction or repair or deposit of its arms; a
custom-house for purposes connected with its
commerce; and the removal of river and harbor
obstructions for the benefit of its navigation. The
authority to make appropriations for these objects
is equally derived from the Constitution, and is
there found, either in express grants or in neces-
sary and proper implication. Where these works
shall be constructed, and to what extent, either
of number or cost, are subjects of congressional
discretion, looking to the general welfare or
defense, and to the constitutional obligations.
Certainly, in a country like ours, where a senti-
ment of equality is in the hearts and political faith
of all, it is the part of wisdom to distribute the
advantages of all public works, I mean their mere
local advantages, among the various sections of
the Union, as far as compatible with other and
more imperative obligations. But such a distri-
bution is an expedient, not a principle. And, do
the best we can, it is impossible we can approach
equality, either local or individual. The first in-
terest to be served, in these as in other objects
of general appropriation, is the interest of the
country, of the whole country, and not of minute
subdivisions of it, down to the residence of every
inhabitant. A public edifice cannot be placed in
equal proximity to all the property in the place
of its construction, nor can the advantages to be
incidentally derived from it be equally beneficial
to the whole locality. But this kind of inequality
would be a strange consideration to be urged
against such measures.
In his second veto message, (that of January 3,
