1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
sufficient. It leaves the freedom of discussion
open, as I liJre to have it left, and any arbitrary-
rules adopted beyond that may give a pretext on
occasions to limit that freedom which I
mean-to uphold in its broadest extent.
I hold myself entirely indifferent on this ques-
tion, so far as it can affect me in any way.
Whether these rules be adopted or not, I shall
never- hereafter, as I have never intentionally
defoe,heretofore, assail any Senator. I shall cer-
tainly never intentionally assail the fame of any
State in this Union. If any member of the Senate
shall assail me, I shall refer to my heart to ascer-
tain whether the accusation is just. If it is, I
shall make the acknowledgment which the occa-
sion demands, with more of freedom, with more
of pleasure, than I could enjoy in asking satisfac-
tion for/ a wrong done to myself. If 1 have not
committed wrong, the assailant shall be welcome
to all he can take by an unjust assault on his
part. If my State is assailed, I shall be silent;
for the idea that t&e State of New York, which
I represent, is one that can have any sensibili-
ties to what may be said by anybody here, or
elsewhere, on any occasion, "improperly," as
this proposed rule prescribes, and as all parlia-
mentary rules prescribe, is one which I cannot
admit into my mind.
, I hope, then, that we may be content to adopt,
if it is necessary,'or to stand by this good old
rule, if it be in force now, or restore it if it be not in
force, that the Chair shall call Senators to order,
subject to an appeal to the Senate itself, for dis-
order. I think we want no more than that, and
that will accomplish all the purpose now legiti-
mately demanded.
Mr. TOOMBS. I concur with the Senator from
New York as to the extent to which the Senate
ought to go. I think these alterations of the rules
will do no good. I am willing to say that the
Presiding Officer of the Senate shall call Senators
to order for transcending the limits of debate; but
it would be better to leave that point to be determ-
ined by the Senate and each Senator for himself.
Mr. President, it seems that this and all other
^occasions are now used for the purpose of deliv-
ering eulogies on lilferty of speech, and liberty
of the press, and they are sent from here to the
country. This is veiy pretty talk. I say that a
Senator or Representative in this country has pre-
cisely the same protection as every other citizen
in the United States for the liberty of speech, and
no other but one, and that is, ho cannot be sued
in a court of justice for words spoken in debate
in Congress. This is the only additional protec-
tion which he has besides the citizen, and all that
lie ought to have.
This is not an American idea, as seems to be
supposed. Anciently tins principle was not en-
foiced, for, h.s late as the time of l-lonry Vllf., a
member of Parliament was indicted, fined a thou-
sand pounds, or some large sum, and impi isoned,
for words uttered in debate; and then the act of
4th Henry VIII. was passed, declaring that he
should not be called in question elsewhere for
words spoken in debate; and this—singularly
enough—is the language of our own Constitution.
Subsequently to the time of Henry VJII., this
principle was incorporated into the Bill of Rights
jn IGSS, on the accomplishment of the English
revolution. It was taken from the Bill of Rights,
and put into our Constitution. It has been again
and again adjudicated; but it was left to the nine-
teenth century and the year 1856 for Legislatures,
deliberative bodies, and, I am sorry to say, Sen-
ators, to pretend that this provision, which has
been so long adjudicated, commencing with
Henry VUL, and coming down to this period,
was ever intended to cover, or ever did cover, a
case of personal collision.
In the District of Columbia, and generally in
the United States, to strike anybody for words
spoken is illegal. It is not so according to the |
institutions under which I was brought up. My :
State, as I think properly and wisely, considers ;
opprobrious words as an assault justifying a bat- ■
tery. This is the law of Georgia. 1 think it is ;
a wise law, and a good law, which has promoted ,
the public peace. It has done more, sir. It has 1
preserved a proper tone in society, in the inter-
course between citizen and citizen. In Georgia,
when you sue a man for an assault, the words
which led to it may be given in evidence to
the jury, and they may or may not, as in their
opinion they are sufficient, warrant the battery
according to its extent.
1 say ail this doctrine about liberty of speech
is aside from the question. A Senator has no
right to any more liberty than any citizen of
this great republic. It is not necessary to the
discharge of his duties. If he comes into this Dis-
trict, he has the same rights precisely, with the
addition made by the Constitution to which I
have alluded, and which is necessary for the
public servicc; but it does not authorize him to
transcend propriety one inch more than it does
any citizen of Georgia or Massachusetts who hap-
pens to be upon this avenue. To assault him,
to hold him personally responsible for words, in
this District, is illegal, as all sorts of batteries
are. In my State it is not. Her Legislature sits
under this provision, with what results let the
country judge.
I do not think—and in this I concur with the
Senator from New York—that all those rules
which are made for debating societies and for
boys are fit for the Senate. Whenever you get
men together—grown-up men, who are really men
and no shams—they will quarrel and they will
fight. Why, sir, the first great assembly of
Christians which ever met, that was called to-
gether by Constantino, bruised and battered one
another's noses and heads about the qijfestion
whether they should insert or exclude a Greek
diphthong from the faith of the faithful. [Laugh-
ter.] They were real men. Such things have
existed in all ages and all times, and will exist
until men lose their manhood. You may pass as
many laws as you choose, but the Senate can take
no cognizance of questions of personal honor and
personal responsibility. He who takes that re-
dress into his own hands is amenable to law; and
if you attempt to cover it by senatorial privileges,
you will have a real uprising of the people—not a
sham uprising, not a political uprising, not sheet-
iron and phosphorus, but real thunder from the
outraged freemen of this country.
Mr. DURKEE. -4s there is some misappie-
hension as to the meaning of the amendment, I
desire to ask the honorable Senator who reported
it to give us a definition of how far the freedom
of debate is affected by these words: " reflecting
improperly on any Stater" Is it meant to pre-
clude the right of a Senator to discuss the merits
or demerits of measures adopted by any State,
whether he considers it as having immediate or
remote bearing on the subject which he under-
takes to elucidate?
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I have listened
for some time with, I confess, no little surprise, to
the various discussions on the meaning of these
amendments, and the meaning of the rules. Now,
so far as I know, there is no single item in the
amendments proposed that changes the parlia-
mentary law which governs all deliberative as-
semblies. That is my understanding of it. I
ii'peut, there is not a rule of the Senate which
regards debates, there is not anything in the
amendments proposed, that affects this body diff-
erently from what it would be if it sat without
a rule, under the parliamentary law.
The Senator from Wisconsin asks me how far
can a Senator go in commenting on the acts of
a State? Why, sir, just as far as reason and
argument go. How far can a Senator go in com-
menting on the c6nduct of another Senator? To
any extent that is withm the boundaries of reason
and aigument; but he cannot employ personali-
ties to any extent, he cannot speak of the most
trivial act of a Senator in a taunting, disrespect-
ful manner, calculated to excite anger, and to
excite revenge.
Freedom of debate is not restricted by any rule
of the Senate, nor by any proposition to amend
those rules. 1 repeat this, because it seems to
me the committee,*- considering the manner in
which ithas been raised, has been rather indecor-
ously treated. It was no concern of ours. The
Senate directed a committee to be raised for the
amendment of the rules; the committee have \
offered those amendments to the inspection of the
Senate, and it is proclaimed here that there is a
disposition to restrict freedom of debate which
has called great declarations of courage from cer-
tain Senators. I have nothing to say on that
topic. I have nothing to say in respcct to my
own courage, and I hope never to have any occa-
sion for exercising it.
Every amendmentthatisproposed here,except
that referring to reflections on a State, is copied
from the rules of the House of Representatives.
The precise language of the rule of the House
of Representatives is, " that a member shall con-
fine himself to the question under debate, and
shall avoid personalities." It is the language, I
believe, of every rule on that subject. The only
difficulty which has ever been experienced here
has been as to the administration of the rule. I
understand that, at a former day, Mr. Calhoun
contended that, inasmuch as the Presiding Officer
of the Senate was made so by the language of
the Constitution, he could not exercise any au-
thority unless it was conferred on him by rule.
I should beg leave to differ from that great man.
I think that making the Vice President of the
United States the Presiding Officer of the Senate
necessarily gives him, by inference, all the power
which a Presiding Officer has over a deliberative
body. That would be my argument; but other
gentlemen do not agree with me in it. I find
very many distinguished Senators in this body
who differ from me, who deny that the Presiding
Officer has any power to call a Senator to order.
My opinion is as I have stated.
The amendments are proposed by the com-
mittee for the consideration of the Senate, so as
to decide this question.
Mr. President, I said at the outset—and I do
not intend to discuss this question—that it was a
matter of entire indifference to me whether the
Senate adopted the amendments or not. I am
willing that they shall strike out the portion in
reference to confining a member to the subject
under debate. It will not change the law in my
opinion; but it will still remain in the privilege
and power of the Presiding Officer to call a Sen-
ator to order whenever he thinks he is wandering
from the question under debate, without these
words as well as with them. So far as respects
that part of the amendment which applies to re-
flections on aState, f am willing to have itadopted
or rejected, as a majority of the Senate desire. I
must say again, I have no personal desire on that
point at all. I never have had occasion to speak
disrespectfully of a State; I hope I may never have
in regard to a State or a member.
1 do not precisely understand why the Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] should say that
he learned things in a debating society which he
has never yet forgotten. Is it thereby to be in-
ferred that the action of the Senate in raising this
committee has not at all improved on a boy's
debating society? I see no very great occasion
for that line of argument, nor any very great force
in it. TheSenak has been disturbed m its delib-
erations, and out of that disturbance has grown
an unfortunate disturbance in the country. My
opinion was, at the time, not only on that occa-
sion, but upon every other, that the Presiding
Officer should call a Senator instantly to order—
and that the Senate should sustain him in doing
so—whenever a Senator transgresses the decorum
of debate. I think, if the Senate weuld do that,
there would be no occasion for settling difficulties
or making personal explanations.
There is one amendment proposed, to which I
will call the attention of the Senate, because I
have no design now to say anything further. It
is on a subject different from that to which the
attention of any Senator has been called. It is a
proposition growing out of the establishment of
the Court of Claims. The law authorizes the
reference, by either House of Congress, of any
subject of private claim to that court; but there is
no rule of the Senate authorizing you to make
that motion while the subject is under debate.
The parliamentary law, and the rules of the Sen-
ate, provide what motions may be made, and in
what order they may be made; but a motion to
refer to the Court of Claims is not a parliament-
ary motion, and cannot be made. The commit-
tee, therefore, have proposed to add to the 29th
rule a clause that at any time when a private bill
is under consideration, it shall be in order to move,
as a substitute for it, a resolution of the Senate
referring the case to the Court of Claims. That
was deemed necessary by the committee for the
transaction of the business of the Senate.
My only object in rising, Mr. President, was
to explain what I understood to be those amend-
ments, and leave the subject, as I do very freely,
to the disposition of the Senate according to its
