1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of ihe,pnited States.
II. Carmick and Albert C. Ramsey, on account
of tUe abrogation, by the Postmaster General, of
their contract to carry the mail on Vera Cruz,
Acapulco, and San Francisco route, dated the
fifteenth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, to adjudge and award to them, according
to the principles of law, equity, and justice, the
amount so found due; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby required to pay the same to
the said Carmick and Ramsey, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That there be
allowed and paid to Jacob Hall, for carrying the
mail on route number eight thousand nine hun-
dred and twelve, from Independence to Santa Fe,
twenty-two thousand dollais per annum instead
of the sum for which he contracted, commencing
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and end-
ing with his contract, and the same shall be in
full for all the losses by him sustained in said
service by Indian depredations, or otherwise.
This grant is made on the condition that the Post-
master General may at any time, on giving three
months' notice, annul the contract of said Hall.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to pay to
George H. Giddings, contractor for carrying the
mail on route number twelve thousand nine bun-
dled, from Santa Fe, Now Mexico, to San An-
tonio, Texas, monthly each way, according to
the contract under which soid service is now
being performed, the sum of thirty-three thousand
five hundred dollars for each year's service,
commencing with the eighteenth day of August,
eighteen hundred and fifiy-five, and continue
during las contract: Provided, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to annul said contract, on giving three months'
nonce to said contractor.
See. 9. .}ud be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Post Office De-
partment be, and they are hereby, authorized
and required to execute the "Joint resolution for
the relief nfSe tli M. Leaven worth, no w deceased,"
approved the sixth day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, and that the amount found
due shall be paid to his legal representatives out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
proviso at the end of the third section of the act
of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the
sen ice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and for other purposes,"
is hereby repealed.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LVfl.—An Act making Appropriations
for Light-Houses, Light-Boats, Buoys, &c.,
and providing for the Erection and Establish-
ment of the same, and for other purposes.
Be it enuctcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativei of the United States of America in Cnngre"
assembled. That the following appropriations be,
and the same are hereby, made, and directed to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to carry the provisions of tins
act into effect: Provided, hoicever, If a good title
to anv land, which it may be necessary to use,
cannot be obtained oil reasonable terms, or the
exclusive light to such land cannot be acquired
by cr^ion, when the intciest of the United States
demands it, before the appropriation would by
law fail into the surplus fund, in any and all such
casr.^ tin' appropriations shall be applicable to the
objects for which they are made at any time
wuhm two years after the first meeting of the
Legislature in any State wherein such land may
be S.mated, subsequent to the passage of this act,
to wit:
SJuuie.—For altering, refitting, and improving
the light at Mount Desert Hock, ten thousand
ui-liai-i. , s
1 or building a suitable tower and keeper s
d celling, and for providing and placing the ne-
i -<jiy illuminating apparatus at Martmicus
thirty-live thousand five hundred dollars.
For lebudding the light-house towerand keep-
i er's dwelling, and for supplying and fitting first-
order illuminating apparatus,atSeguin, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house, and fitting it
with proper illuminating apparatus, at West
duoddy Head, fifteen thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Brown's Head light-house,and
fitting it with proper illuminating apparatus, five
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Marshall's
| Point, and fitting it with proper illuminating ap-
paratus, five thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Fort Point,
and fitting it with proper illuminating apparatus,
five thousand dollars.
For alight-house at Deer Island Thoroughfare,
five thousand dollars.
For a light-house at Bass Head harbor, five
thousand dollars.
For a light-house on or near Spoon Island, in
addition to the appropriation of five thousand
dollars, approved August third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, for a light-house in Isle-au-
Haute Thoroughfare, one thousand dollars.
For a light-house on or near Widow's Island,
in addition to the appropriation of third August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
I five hundred dollars.
; For a bell buoy to be placed on the south
; breaker off White Head light-house, at the en-
trance of Penobscot bay, five thousand dollars.
For a bell buoy to be placed on the ledge about
three miles east of Boone Island, five thousand
dollars.
For the erection of a stone beacon on Fiddler's
ledge, three thousand dollars.
For placing buoys at various points in the
waters of Maine, for which none have heretofore
bcenMUithorizcd, three thousand dollars.
F* a light-house and keeper's dwelling on
Round Island, in Machias bay, five thousand
dollars.
Massachusetts.—For the construction and repair
of beacons at Newburyport, two thousand dol-
lars.
For the erection of a light-house, on a proper
foundation, on or near Billingsgate Island, in
place of the present one, fourteen thousand dol-
lars.
For the erection of beacons on "Old Cock" and
" Cormorant" Rock, in Buzzard's bay, and on
Great F>.ock, entrance to Hyannis harbor, three
thousand dollars.
For a fog bell at Eastern Point light-house,
eiirht hundred dollars.
"For a light-house on the Bishop and Clerk's
shoal, in place of the light-vessel now placed near
that danger, and for stationing the light-vessel
! (on the completion of said light-house) off the
; south end of the " Handkerchief" shoal, in the
Vineyard sound, twenty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the stone beacon at Lane's
Point, Annisquam harbor, seven hundred dol-
lars.
Rhode Island.—For the erection of a keeper's
dwelling, and foot-bridge to Lime R,ock light-
house, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For reconstructing the light-house tower and
for new illuminating apparatus at Dutch Island,
four thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house tower, for pres-
ervation of site, and for new illuminating appa-
ratus, for Nayat Point light-house, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
For completing the sea-wall for the preserva-
tion of the light-house site at Watch hill, ten
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding a light-house tower on a proper
site, m place of the present light on Block Island,
and for fitting the same with suitable apparatus,
nine thousand dollars.
For a beacon on Sand Spit, off Cannomcut
Point, west side of entrance to Providence river,
one thousand dollars.
For restoring pier, dyke-wall, and shore-facing
at Goat Island light-iiouse, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For icbuilding keeper's dwelling and for alter-
ations atPomt Judithlight-house, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
Connecticut.-—For the protection and preserva-
tion of the light-house site, and for a new dwelling
for keeper at Lynde Point, mouth of Connecticut
river, eight thousand six hundred dollars.
For a light-vessel to mark the Long Sand Shoal,
off Cornfield Point, in Long Island Sound, eigh-
teen thousand three hundred and seventy dollars.
New York.—For completing the first-class light-
house at Great West bay, Long Island, twelve
thousand dollars.
For the protection and preservation of the light-
house site at Sand's Point, Long Island sound,
four thousand nine hundred and thirty-five dol-
lars.
For securing the foundation and preservation
of the light-house site at Execution Rocks, Long
Island sound, five thousand two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For an iron spindle on the " Hen and Chickens''
Rsck, Long Island sound, seven hundred dollars.
For the protection and preservation of the piers
in the Hudson river, upon which lights are placed,
five thousand four hundred and forty-eight dol-
lars.
For completing the light-house authorized
August three, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
for Horton's Point, in addition to the former ap-
propriation of four thousand dollars, three thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For aliglit-house at or near Tarrytown Point,
on the Hudson river, seven thousand dollars.
For the preservation and protection of the light-
house site at the mouth of the Genesee river, two
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the beacon light at Van Wie's
dam, Hudson river, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For a day beacon on Charity slioals, Lake
Ontario, five thousand dollars.
'ew Jersey.—For erecting a first-class light-
house, and fitting it with first-order apparatus, at
Barnegat, in place of the present inefficient one,
forty-five thousand dollars.
For continuing and completing the light-house
authorized August third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, to be erected at or near Abseeum, seven-
teen thousand four hundred and tliirty-six dollars
and sixty-two cents.
Foi i ebuilding the foundation of the light-house
tower and keeper's dwelling at Bergen Point,
twenty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the foundation, light-house
tower, and keeper's dwelling at Passaic light-
house, in Newark bay, twenty thousand dollars.
For compensation of two superintendents for
the life-stations on tRe coasts of Long Island and
New Jersey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each per annum,
ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
To complete the fitting of stations, old and new,
on the coast of New Jersey, eleven thousand five
hundred dollars.
To complete the fitting out of stations, old and
new, on the coast of New York^eight thousand
five hundred dollars.
For contingencies, five thousand dollars.
Delaware Bay.—For making additions to the
light-house works at Brandywiue shoals, and for
their protection and preservation, eighteen thou-
sand one hundred and twenty-one dollars and
forty-four cents.
For continuing the construction of the light-
house authorized August third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, on or near Ship John shoals,
twenty-lire thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the light-
house authorized August third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, for Cross ledge, forty-seven thou-
sand four hundred and ninety-two dollars and
twenty-nine cents.
For banking in and protecting the site of the
light-house on Reedy Island, three thousand eight
hundred and forty-seven dollars and ninety cents.
Delaware.—For the erection of a light-house
on Fenwick's Island, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Maryland.—For buoys, stakes, and day-marks
to mark the bars and channels of Eastern bay
and its tributaries (Chesapeake bay) at south
end of Kent Island, at Southwest and Southeast
Points, at Ward's Point, and the bars and chan-
I nels leading to the St. Michael's and Wye rivers,
I five thousand dollars.
