appendix to the congressional globe.
[August,
84th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For a small beacon-light at or near the landing
at Fort Washington, on the Potomac river, five
hundred dollars.
Virginia.—For rebuilding the Cape Charles
light-house upon a proper site, and fitting it with
proper illuminating apparatus, thirty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For rebuilding, on a proper site, the light-
house destroyed "by ice during the last winter, at
Pungoteague, five thousand dollars.
South Carolina.—For a first order lens appa-
ratus, placing the same, and rebuilding dwelling
for keeper and assistant, at Charleston light-
house, fifteen thousand dollars.
For a keeper's house on Morris's Island,
Charleston harbor, in place of the one destroyed
by the storm of September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For a light-house to be placed in or near the
town of Mount Pleasant, Charleston harbor, six
thousand dollars.
For completing the two bcacons or range-
lights on South Island Point and North Island,
Georgetown, in addition to the former appropria-
tions, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Fort Point, near George-
town, six thousand dollars.
Georgia.—For a beacon-light on or near the
south point of Sapelo Island, to range with the
main light for the bar and channel, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For a beacon-light to range with the Amelia
Island light and the outer bar, two thousand dol-
lars.
For two beacon lights and keeper's dwelling,
on or near the north front of Amelia Island, five
thousand dollars.
For a small light to be erected on the " bay,"
in the city of Savannah, to guide vessels from
Fig Island light-house, two thousand dollars.
For a bell-buoy to mark the entrance to Savan-
nah river, five thousand dollars.
For a bell-buoy to mark the approach to the
bar at Doboy, five thousand dollars.
Florida.—For continuing and completing the
crection of the first-class light-house, authorized
March three, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
to be placed near Jupiter inlet, nineteen thousand
five hundred and twenty-two dollars and ninety
cents.
For continuing the efforts to erect a beacon on
Rebecca shoal, authorized August thirty-one,
eighteen hundred and lifiy-two,and August three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, ten thousand
dolla rs.
For a bell-buoy to mark the approach to the
bar at the mouth of the St. John's river, five
thousand dollars.
For a small light-vessel to be placed near Dame's
Point, m the St. John's river, nine thousand five
hundred dollars.
For beacon-lights atPiney Point, Cuckoo Point,
•and Nine-mile Point, in the St. John's liver, be-
tween Jacksonville and Pilatka, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For buoys and day-marks in the St. John's
river, two thousand dollars.
For a day-beacon on Sea-horse reef, (Cedar
Keys,) three thousand dollars.
For buoys and stakes for Cedar Key channel
and Mamtee river, one thousand two hundred
dollars.,
For rebuilding the light-house, on a proper
site, at Dry Tortugas, and fitting it with first-
order apparatus, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For the erection of proper range-lights for
crossing the bar at the entrance to Pensacola har-
bor, and for completing the light authorized at
that place August third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, thirty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house tower and keep-
er's dwelling at Egmont Key, sixteen thousand
dollars.
For a day-beacon at Turtle harbor, Florida
reef, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For a light-house to mark the entrance to St.
Andiew's bay, fifteen thousand dollars.
For buoys and stakes for the bar and channels
leading to and in St. Andrew's bay, four thousand
dollars.
For buoys and day-marks in Pensacola bay and
tributaries, three thousand five hundred dollais.
•Alabama.—For the erection of a sea-coast light,
and fitting it with proper illuminating apparatus,
on Sand Island, off the entrance to Mobile bay,
in place of the present light at that point, thirty-
five thousand dollars.
For repairing the light-house and keeper's
dwelling, enlarging and fencing in the grounds
attached to the same at Choctaw Point, near
Mobile, Alabama, two thousand dollars.
Mississippi.—For rebuilding the light-hous^and
keeper's dwelling at Round Island, eight thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house tower at the west
end of Cat Island, and fitting it with proper illu-
minating apparatus, twelve thousand dollars.
Louisiana.—For rebuilding the light-house and
keeper's dwelling at Pass Manchac,ten thousand
dollars.
For the erection of a light-house on the south-
west reef near the entrance to Atchafalaya bay,
to serve as a substitute for the present Atchafa-
laya bay light-ship, and also for the light-house
at Point do Fer, twenty thousand dollars.
For a light-house at or near the mouth of the
Amite river, on Lake Maurepas, Louisiana, six
thousand dollars.
Texas.—For the erection of a light-house at or
near the head of the Swash, abreast of Alligator
Head, in Matagorda bay, ten thousand dollars.
For a beacon-light at the mouth of the bayou
at Saluria, five hundred dollars.
For buoys and stakes for the lower part of
Arkansas bay, and for the inland channel to Cor-
pus Christi, three thousand dollars.
For the erection of a light at the mouth of the
Rio Grande river, six thousand dollars.
For a beacon-hgluat Oorpus Christi, five thou-
sand dollars.
Pennsylvania.---For rebuilding the beaco^Jight
at Erie, five thousand two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
Ohio.—For rebuilding the beacon-light at Hu-
ron, four thousand five hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Black river,
seven thousand three hundred dollars. And for
the completion of the rebuilding and repairs of the
west pier and pier head, upon which said light-
I house is erected, and connecting the same with
; the shore, eleven thousand and twenty six dol-
lars.
For a channel range-light at Maumee bay, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
Michigan.—Foi additional buoys in Detroit
river, and to mark obstructions to navigation in
the St. "Lawrence river and Niagara river, and in
Lakes Ontario and Erie, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house to be erected on Traverse or
| Charity Island, m Saginaw bay, five thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at the mouth of the Au Sable
river, on Lake Union, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house at Fort Austin, on Saginaw
bay, five thousand dollars.
For repairinghirht-house, banking in, and pro-
tecting the site of the light-house at Huron, Ohio,
j ten thousand dollars.
| For a light-house on Point Peninsula, between
I Dig and Little Hay du Noquet, in Lake Michi-
; gan, five thousand dollars.
: For a beacon-light at Sand Point, on the west
i side of Little Bay du Noquet, one thousand dol-
| lars.
| For a lake-coast light at Grand Point au Sable,
Lake Michigan, six thousand dollars.
; Wisconsin.—For rebuilding the light-house at
! Port de Mort, six thousand dollars.
! For a light on the outer end of the outer pier
1 at Kenosha, one thousand dollars.
For a lake-coast light on the west shore of
i Lake Michigan, at or near the Portage, and op-
: posite to the head of Big Sturgeon bay, five thou-
sand dollars.
Minnesota Territory. — For a light-house at
! Beaver bay, Lake Superior, six thousand dollars,
j For a light-house at Grand Marais, Lake Su-
i perior, six thousand dollars.
1 California.—For providing a suitable vessel,
and for maintaining the same for one year in vis-
' iting the lights, and other aids; for inspections
and delivery of supplies; for placing and remov-
ing buoys; and for the transportation of mate-
rials, supplies, and laborers, for constructing and
repairing light-houses on the Pacific coast* sixty
thousand dollars.
For the construction of a road for the keeper's
dwelling at the South Farallone to the light-house
tower cyi the Peak, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the construction of a road from La Playa,
San Diego bay, to the light-house at Point Loma,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For improving the road from the Coxo or land-
ing at Point Conception to the light-house, one
thousand dollars.
For the erection of a sea-coast light on the
main land between Buena Ventura and Point
Duma, at such place as may be determined upon,
to indicate the approach to the Santa Barbara
channel, in addition to the appropriation con-
tained in the third section of the act of August
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, making
appropriations for light-houses, &c., thirty-five
thousand dollars.
For completing the li?ht-houses at Santa Bar-
bara, San redro, and Santa Cruz harbors, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For a first-class light at Cape Mendocino, forty
thousand dollars.
Washington Territory.—For a light-house at
Red Bluff,on Whidby's Island, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary <ff the Treasury be, and lie is hereby, au-
thorized to accept fiom the city of Charleston a
conveyance of a lot, to be held and used solely
for the purpose of a light-house site, and not
otherwise; and that he be authorized to use the
appropriations heretofore made for that purpose
to erect a light-house or beacon-light on or near
the Battery, in that city, upon the Attorney Gen-
eral certifying to the validity of such limited title.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing named lights be discontinued, provided
the Secretary of the Treasury so directs, viz:
At Silver creek, on the southeast shore of Lake
Erie, New York.
At Barcelona, (or Portland,) on the southeast
shore of Lake Erie, New York.
At Port Clinton, in Portage bay, Ohio.
At Cleveland, east side of entrance to Cleve-
land, (on the hill,) Ohio.
At the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi:
Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury shall
decide said light to be unnecessary.
At Dice's Head, Maine.
At Parmet harbor, Massachusetts.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to have a reexamination made (under
the seven'h section of the act approved August
tliiec, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, making
appropriations for light-houses, and so forth) of
the Point of*Rocks, West Port, Massachusetts,
to determine whether oi not the light-house au-
thorized for that place is necessary to the com-
merce of that vicinity; and if reported upon
favorably, and approved by him, to use the ap-
propriation heretofore made for that purpose m
erecting a light-house and keeper's dwelling at
or near that place.
Seu. 5. And be it further enacted, That if pre-
liminary surveys arc required to ascertain the
nceessityfor any light-house or otheraid provided
for in this bill, or to determine the proper site for
the same, or to ascertain more fully what the
public exigency requires, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause the necessary examinations
and surveys on the sea-board to be made under
the direction of the superintendent of the coast
survey, and those on the northwestern lakes to
be made under the direction of the bureau of
topogiaphical engineers; and in all cases in which
adveise reports aie made, they shall be submitted
( to Congress at its next session; and in all cases
| in which the objects authorized are favorably re-
! ported upon, the works shall be commenced im-
| mediately nfrer valid titles and State jurisdiction
j shall have been obtained to the sites.
Sec. 6. Andbcitfwther enacted, Thatifagood
title cannot be obtained bv the United States to
Dry Point and Liniken s Neck, on the western
side of the Damariscotta river, in the State of
Maine, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
