1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
time, to give this subject any personal attention in my
power.
I ain, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. JAY BROWN.
Hon. John Sudell, of Louisiana. United States Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED*
The following House bills were, on motion of
Mr. WELLER, read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill (H. R.No. 417) for the construction of a
road from Fort Ridgely, in the Territory of Min-
nesota, to the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains,
in the Territory of Nebraska.
A resolution (J. R. No. 21) relating to the deliv-
ery of arms in the Territories of Utah and New
Mexico.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 26, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'cl^ek, m. Prayer
by Rev. HekryC. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that that committee had ex-
amin< d,and found truly enrolled, bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles;
An act to change the times of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee;
An act granting to certain citizens of the State
of Missouri the right to enter certain lands in the
Plattsburg district, in said State;
An act authorizing the settlement of the ac-
counts of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent
at Detroit, in the State of Michigan; and
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuuy Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint resolu-
tion for the adjournment of Congress sine die on
the 28th of July next, and asking its concurrence
therein; and also that it had refused to recede
from its amendment to the consular appropriation
bill disagreed to by the House, and asking for ar
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business for
the consideration of the House to be House bill
(No. 411) for the admission of the State of Kan-
sas into the Union, the pending question being
first on the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and then upon the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNN. Before the gentleman from Ohio
proceeds, if he will indulge me, I will submit a
proposition to the House which, it seems to me,
ought to meet the acquiescence of all gentlemen.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will hear the proposition
of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. It is this, and it was suggested
to me from reading the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] after my remarks
yesterday. I could not hear them then, or i
should have made the suggestion at once. My
object is not to embarrass action on this subject,
buf, on the contraiy, to insure, not only action,
but satisfactory action. My proposition is this:
for the purpose of preventing the embarrassment
which the gentleman apprehend1?, if this measure
goes to the Committee of the Whole on (he state
of the Union, let it remain for consideration in the
House for the present, with this understanding,
that the general debate shall proceed during the
pleasure of the House, that it be closed by a mo-
tion to sustain the call for the previous question;
and when that is done, the.n let the bill be con-
sidered according to the rules governing us in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
after debate has been closed there, permitting gen-
tlemen to submit amendment upon amendment,
until the bill shall be perfected to the satisfaction
of the majority of the House, with the brief ex-
planations usual upon such occasions for the per-
fect understanding of the amendments submitted.
It seems to me that that proposition will remove
the whole objection which exists to the reference
of the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and will insure full and ade-
quate consideration of the bill, with the means
of perfecting it, so absolutely essential to all svjch
legislation. 1 hope this view will meet the ap-
probation of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Indiana whether he
would propose any termination whatever to the
five-minute debate? The gentleman will per-
ceive that that may readily be made interminable.
Mr. DUNN. Let there be an understanding,
then, that the five-minute debate shall be limited
to three days. Surely that wiil not be too long a
time for the consideration of the various amend-
ments that will be offered to a measure of this
grave importance.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that his object would not
be accomplished at all by the plan he proposes.
If what he wishes, and insists upon, can be at-
tained, it must be by going into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
whole of the three days might be taken up by
calling the yeas and nays on the various amend-
ments. If he insists on his object, of course the
bill must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DUNN. I would prefer that; but gen-
tlemen will see the embarrassment that would
result from such a course as was suggested yes-
terday, and perhaps with much force, by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia whether he would not re-
gard the success of the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, to refer this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, as
equivalent to an indefinite postponement of the
consideration of the bill ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I answer the gentleman
frankly, not at all. The idea that the gentleman
entertains, that sending a bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union is equiv-
alent to sending it to the " tomb of theCapulets,"
is all a misconception. Why, sir, the rules of this
Mouse are made, and wisely made, to carry on
legislation, and I think that to be the legitimate
course to take. I consider that, under the rules
of the House, a majority of the House can reach
a bill whenever it sees fit, and debate can be
stopped under the rules of the House whenever
a majority wish it. A vote can be had upon the
bill, if it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, whenever a
majority of the House wish it. I have answered
the gentleman frankly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My memory is not very
good, but I have something more than an indis-
tinct recollection of witnessing one of the most
interesting votes during my service on this floor,
upon a motion made by a gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cutting,] a little more than two years
ago, to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union that measure which has brought
all this trouble upon the country; and I remem-
ber, too, that the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on Territories at that time [Mr. Rich-
ardson'] appealed to the friends of the Nebraska
bill to vote down the motion of the gentleman
from New York, because it was equivalent to the
defeat of the bill; and the gentleman from Geor-
gia cooperated with him, as I understood it, with
the impression that by that motion the bill would
be consigned to the " tomb of the Capulcts."
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is very
much mistaken in supposing that I cooperated
with that gentleman under any such impression.
I was not here at the time, but that gentleman
and others will recollect that I was opposed to
that idea. I thought it a great mistake. I did not
consider it as consigning the bill to the " tomb of
the Capulets." I was myself in favor of refer-
ring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Tke gentleman speaks
of its being that measure which brought all the
trouble on the country. My opinion is, that that
bill had nothing to, do with the trouble, but that
it has arisen from other causes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The tree is known by its
fruits, and the fruits of that tree are bitter.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not think the evils are
the fruits of that tree. On that, however, 1 shall
speak hereafter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And I.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am now on the question
of the rules. A majority of the House in com-
.mittee can, at any time, unless there be a special
order, take up any bill which it may think proper
—nothing clearer. The hour debate can be
stopped at any time bv a majority of the House
—nothing clearer. The five-minutes debate can
be stopped whenever a majority of the committee
wish it—nothing clearer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In what way ?
Mr. STEPHENS. By express rule of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. By striking out the enact-
ing clause, and resorting to that very system, Mr.
Speaker, which this side of the House denounces.
Mr, STEPHENS. I wish simply to inform
the gentleman how it can be done accofding to
the rules. That is all I rose for. It is by the
rules I go, and by nothing else. If gentlemen do
not wish to conform to the rules, it is their busi-
ness.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already stated that
I consider the success of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana as equivalent to an indefinite
postponement of the proposition, which has been
introduced by the Committee on Territories, to
admit the State of Kansas into the Union. Why?
The gentleman from Georgia says that he was
not opposed to the reference of the Nebraska bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but does he not rccollect—does not
this House recollect—does not the country recol-
lect that the friends of that bill, in solid phalanx,
voted against the motion, regarding it as the defeat
of the measure? And was not the success of the
motion made by the gentleman from New York
regarded all over the country as a triumph of the
enemies of that bill?
Why, sir, it was but the day following that
an assault, in words, was made on this floor, by
the distinguished gentleman who is now the can-
didate for the Vice Presidency on the Democratic
ticket, on the gentleman from New Yoik, which
came well nigh a settlement on the field of con-
flict of another sort. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinrmge,] on that occasion,
went on and declared to the House that the moiion
made by the gentleman from New York had de-
feated the bill, and he charged upon him [Mr.
Cutting] indirectly, if not directly, treachery to
the party to which he professed to belong.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the history of what oc-
curred on that motion. Now, a few words—and
I wish my friend from Indiana to hear them, be-
cause I cannot think that one who has opposed,
with so much earnestness, the Nebraska bill, and
who is so sincerely the friend of the free-State
men in Kansas, would desire to defeat the meas-
ure through a motion of his own.
Mr. DlJ NN. If the gentleman will pardon me,
I will say to him explicitly—for I have no desire
to disguise anything in reference to my course
here or anywhere m regard to the public affairs—
that I never will vote for the bill in the form in
which it now is before the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That may be.
Mr. DUNN. I want to have the measure se-
cured in some form, but certainly not in the rev-
olutionary form in which it is here. Will the
gentleman allow me to submit one inquiry to the
Chair? n It is this 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was about to go on and
explain why the gentleman's motion would defeat
this bill.
Mr. DUNN. I want to see, by an inquiry to
the Chair, whether it would or not. Suppose, as
a point of order, Mr. Speaker, that tins bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union: is-it not competent for that
committee, this day, or to-morrow, or at anytime
within the period set apart for the considera-
tion of territorial business, to set aside the bills
standing before it on the Calendar, and take it up
and consider it first ?
Mr. GROW. Not without a nJEtjority.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But the difficulty is not
obviated by the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana.
