1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ST?
34th Cong....1st Sess.
La ws of the United Slates,
authouzed to cause another suitable site to be !| secretaries of legation.fifteen Der centum, of the
selected for the lufiit-hous<a appropriated for at the
mouth of the said river, by the act of Congress j
approved August third, eighteen hundred and i
fiftv-four. ,
Approved, August 18, 1856. j
Public, LVTU.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Transportation of the United States
Mail by Ocean Steamers and otherwise, during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Spates of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven:
For transportation of the mails from New
York to Liverpool, and back, eight hundred and
nineteen thousand five hundred dollars: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed
to give the notice provided in the first section of
the act entitled " An act to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-two," approved the
twenty-first July, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-two, to terminate the arrangements for
the additional allowance for the transportation of
the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool in the Collins line of steamers, as
therein provided.
For transportation of the mails from New York
to New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, Havana,
and Chagrcs, and back, two hundred and sixty-
one thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails from Panama
to California and Oregon, and back, three hun-
dred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred
and fifty dollars.
For carrying out th#contract entered into by
the Post Oificc Department, under the provisions
of the act approved thirtieth August, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-two, establishing a tri-
monthiy mail by steam vessels between New j
Orleans and Vera Ciuz, via Tampico, sixty-nine
thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eisht hundred and fifty-seven, out
of any moneys in the Tn.asury arising from the
revenues of said Department, in coniormity to
the act of the second of July, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, in two steam-
ships, from New Yoik, by Southampton, to Bre-
men, and back, at one hundred thousand dollars
for each ship; and in two steamships from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre, and back, at seventy-
five thousand dollars for each ship, under the
contract w ith the Ocean Steam Navigation Com-
pany of New York, three hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Fortronsportation of the mails between Charles-
ton and Havana, a sum not exceeding fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of the mails across the Isth-
mus of Panama, one hundred and thirty-five
thousand dollats.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public , LIX.—An Act to regulate the Diplomatic
and Consular Systems of the United States.
Be 11 enacted by the Senate ami Home of Repre-
sentatives cfthe United Slates of America in Congress
eaembled, 'That embassadors, envoys extraordi-
nary and ministers plenipotentiary, ministers
incident, commissioners, charges d affaires, and
secretaries of l^i^ation, appointed to the countiies
heivinafier named m Schedule A, shall be entitled
to compensation for their services, respectively,
at the rates per annum heremaUer specified; that
is to say: embassadois and envoys extraordin-
ary and ministers plenipotentiary, the tull amounts
specified therefor in said Schedule A; ministers
lesidentand commissioners, seventy-five per cen-
tum; charges d'affaires, fifty per centum; and
said amounts, respectively: Provided, That the
compensation of the secretary of legation to ^
China, acting as interpreter, shall be at the rate j
of five thousand dollars, and if not acting as such 1
at the rate of three thousand dollars, and that of j
the secretary of legation to Turkey, .acting as j
dragoman, at the rate of three thousand dollars, i
and if not acting as such, at the* rate of two
thousand dollars, per annum.
Schedule A. *'
Great Britain, and France, each, seventeen
thousand five hundred dollar.s.
Russia, Spain, Austria, Prussia, Brazil, Mexi-
co, and China, each, twelve thousand dollars.
All other countries, cach,ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint for
the legations at London and Paris, respectively,
an assistant secretary of legation, who shall be
entitled to compensation for their services, re-
spectively, at the rate of fifteen hundred dollars
per annum; for the legation to China, an inter-
preter, when the secretary of legation shall not
be acting as such, who shall be entitled to com-
pensation at the rate of five thousand dollars;
and for the legation to Turkey, a dragoman, when
the secretary of legation shall not be acting as
such, who shall be entitled to compensation at
the rate of one thousantl^dollars per annum.
Sec. 3. JlntL be it further enacted, That consuls
general, consuls, and commercial agents, ap-
pointed to the ports and places hereinafter speci-
fied in Schedules B and C, shall be entitled to
compensation for their services, respectively, at
the rates per annum hereinafter specified in said
Schedules B and C; and if the President shall
think proper to appoint a consul to any port or
place named in the said Schedules B and C for a
commercial agent, instead of such commercial
agent, or vice versa, and an appointment shall be
made accordingly, the compensation for such
consular officer shall be the same in any such
case as that fixed for such port or place in the
schedule embracing the same; and if he shall
think the public interests will be subserved by
appointing to any such port or place a consul ;
general, instead of a consul or commercial agent, :
and an appointment shall be made accordingly,
the compensation for such consul general shall
be the same as that fixed for such port or place
in the schedule embracing the same.
Schedule B.
/.—Consuls General
British North America—Q,uebec, four thou-
sand dollars.
British India—Calcutta, five thousand dollars.
Egypt—Alexandria, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Japan—Simoda, five thousand dollars.
Cuba—Havana, six thousand dollars.
Turkey—Constantinople, three thousand dol-
lars.
Hanseatic and Free Cities—Frankfort-on-
the-Maine, three thousand dollars.
II.—Consuls.
Great Britain—Liverpool and London, each,
seven thousand five hundred dollars. j
Melbourne, four thousand dollars. i
Hong Kong, three thousand five hundred ;
dollars. |
Glasgow, three thousand dollars. j
Mauritius and Singapore, each, two thou-j
sand five hundred dollars. I
Belfast, Cork, Dundee, Demarara, Halifax, j
Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds, Manchester, j
Nassau. (New Providence,) Southampton, |
and Turk's Island, each, two thousand j
dollars. !
Prince Edward's Island, one thousand dol-
France.—Havre, six thousand dollars.
Paris, five thousand dollars.
Marseilles, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Bordeaux, two thousand dollars.
La Rochelle and Lyons, each, one thousand
five hundred dollars. jot,
Russia.—Moscow. Odessa, P^evel, and St. i e-
tersburgh, each, two thousand dollars.
Spain.—Matanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, and San-
tiago de Cuba, each, two thousand fiv-e
hundred dollars.
San Juan. (Porto Rico.) two thousand dollars.
Cadiz, "Malaga, and Ponce, (Porto ^ Rico,)
each, one thousand five hundred dollars.
AcstrI#.—Trieste, two thousand dollars.
Vienna, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Prussia.—Aix la Chapelle, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
China.—Canton and Shanghai, each, four thou-
sand dollars.
Fouchou, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Amoy and Ningpo, each, three thousand
dollars.
Turkey.—Beyrout and Smyrna, each, two
thousand dollars.
Jerusalem, one thousand five hundred dollass.
Netherlands.—Rotterdam, two thousand dol-
lars.
msterdam, one thousand dollars.
.lgium.—Antwerp, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Portugal.—Fur.chal and Oporto, each, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Denmark.—St. Thomas, four thousand dol-
lars.
Elsineur, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Sardinia.—Genoa, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Switzerland.—Basle, two thousand dollars.
Geneva, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Sicilies.—Messina, Naples, and Palermo,
each, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Saxony.—Leipsic, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Bavaria.—Munich, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Tuscany.—Leghorn, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
"VVurtemburg.—Stuttgardt, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
Hanseatic and Free Cities.—Bremen and
Hamburg, each, two thousand dollars.
Barbary States.—Tangiers, Tripoli, and.
Tunis, each, three thousand dollars.
Brazil.—Rio de Janeiro, six thousand dollars.
Pernambuco, two thousand dollars.
Mexico.—VeraCruz, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Acapulco, two thousand dollars.
Peru.—Callao, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
Chili.—Valparaiso, three thousand dollars.
Buenos Ayres.—Buenos Ayres, two thousand
dollars.
Nicaragua.—San Juan del Sur,two thousand
dollars.
New Granada.—Aspinwall, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
Panama, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Venezuela. — Laguayra, one thousand five .
hundred dollars.
Sandwich Islands.—Honolulu, four thousand
dollars.
Lahama, three thousand dollars.
III.—Commercial J]gents. ,
Nicaragua.—San Juan del Norte, two thou-
sand dollars.
St. Domingo, (Island.)—Port au Prince, two
thousand dollars.
St. Domingo, (city,) one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Schedule C.
I.—Consuls.
Great Britain.—Capetown and Falkland Isl-
ands, each, one thousand dollars.
Austria.—Venice, seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
Prussia.—Stettin, one thousand dollars.
Turkey.—Candia, one thousand dollars.
Netherlands.—Batavia, one thousand dol-
lars. .
Portugal. — Fayal and Santiago, (Cape de
Verdes,) each, seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
Denmark.—Saint Croix, seven hundred and
fifty dollars.
Sardinia.—Spezzia, one thousand dollars.
Greece.—Athens, one thousand dollars.
