1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
751
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
eminent, you invoke ray aid to plant anew this
accursed institution there. You cannot have it.
There I will resist you to the death. Take it out
of my jurisdiction, or I will exert every faculty
of my mind to destroy it. I cannot by any act
of mine ever acknowledge the right of any man
to hold another in slavery.
It is exceedingly unfortunate, Mr. President,
that the institutions of the North and the South
are so utterly repugnant to each other; but they
seem in their essential principles to differ irrecon-
cilably. In the North we have the freest institu-
tions of which the history of the world affords
any intelligence. They are indeed real Democ-
racy. There all men stand upon an equal footing
before the law, and this is all I claim by equality.
I know that nature has implanted in man differ-
ent degrees of intelligence, different degrees of
moral character, and different degrees in every
respect; but before the law they are all equal.
We repudiate the idea of slavery. We stand
upon the Declaration of Independence, which met
the approbation of the men who molded our
Constitution. I stand here to-day as the advocate
of this, and of nothing more. I have already said,
I am not a setter-forth of new doctrines. I ask
110 man to go further than the fathers of our Con-
stitution have gone. Within the pale of the Uni-
ted States I claim that all is freedom. No power
is conferred, and none was intended to be con-
ferred, upon the General Government through
Congress to favor the institution of slavery at all,
much less a power to extend it a single inch.
Slavery was regarded as a. State institution
alone.
Here, sir, do not understand me to be so un-
reasonable as to demand the immediate and
unconditional emancipation of slavery in those
States where it has grown up by prescription—
where it has molded the habits, the character,
and the institution of the people. I see, and know,
and feel the difficulties as plainly and as strongly
as any man. I know you cannot do it at once;
but I know that, if you feel as those who framed
our Constitution felt, you will not believe that it
is an institution which should be cherished, fos-
tered, and upheld; you will not believe that it
should be eternal; but you will be willing to look
at it as a temporary evil, to be got rid of just as
soon as circumstances will admit. If I could see
that you were following in. that direction, you
would find no man more lenient in judgment on
rour course than myself. I perceive the difficulty,
would leave it entirely with yourselves to pre-
scribe the mode, to fix the manner, and the time,
when an end should be put to it; but what do we
see?
Now, you say that it is a divine institution.
Not only is it to exist where it has been imposed
on the people by long prescription, but, being a
fodhke institution, fraught with blessings and
enefit to mankind, it is to be spread all over this
continent! On this ground I meet you; here the
people of the free States meet you, and declare
that it shall not be spread another inch with their
approbation and consent. This is the great issue
between us. If advocacy of this doctrine con-
stitutes an Abolitionist, I am one. If it does not
constitute an Abolitionist, I am not one. I am not
choice in the use of terms; I care little for names;
I care less for what men may say of me; but I
wish to be understood precisely as I mean. I
grant you full power and Jurisdiction to dispose
of this matter as you see fit, in your own States,
hoping that, as just men, you will view it, as
I do, to be a temporary evil, to be got rid of as
soon as possible; but whether you so regard it or
not, deal with it as you see fit, in your own
States; there, I am not responsible for it. When,
however, you undertake to extend it into territo-
ry now free, I must meet you; and on this issue
the North will meet you. Is this abolitionism?
1 believe it marks strongly the character of those
whom you call Black Republicans. I cannot
defend them against the charge, nor do I wish to
do so; for I am one of the blackest if the black,
if this be the criterion of judgment.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson]
asked us yesterday what we meant by the slave
power? He looked around with an air of tri-
umph, as if he had found a slang phrase which
really meant nothing. Ho asked us to define,
what we meant by the " slave power" which he
heard so much talked of. He explained it him-
self in the next breath, for he went on to tell us
that in the slave States not one fifth of the white
inhabitants own slaves. If he had said one tenth,
he would have been nearer right; but, taking his
own admission, not more than one fifth of the
entire free population of the southern States have
an"y interest in the institution of slavery. What
are we to infer from that ? By the slave power,
I mean that power which reigns and domineers
over four fifths of the people of the South; which
rules them with a rod of iron; which gags the
press; which restrains the liberty of speech;
which makes it perilous even for you, men of the
South, to go home and proclaim the doctrines of
the Declaration of Independence, though you
may believe in those doctrines in your hearts.
You dare not do it. I do not blame you, for the
fact is that one fifth have triumphed over all the
rest, gagged them, and prescribed what they
shall say and do on the subject. The South is
not a free country. The policy of this slave
power has molded and controlled the Government
ever since its foundation, and it always threatens
dissolution of the Union if an attempt is made
to chc^k its absolute dominion. This, sir, is the
slave power, and it is felt in every corner of the
Republic.
Gentlemen frequently talk to me as if I were
interfering in a matter that does not concern me.
This is a charge which I do not like to bear; for
of all things in the world I deprecate the idea of
intermeddling in other people's business. I have
some interest in this question. Notwithstanding
you say that you will resist all attempts to agi-
tate certain subjects, the Constitution of the
United States gives me the right to go into any
of your States—to go to Richmond, or anywhere
else in Virginia, or any other southern State, and
there speak for freedom as boldly as I intend to
do here to-day, and with the same impunity.
The fathers of the Republic were willing that
any man should propagate any doctrine in which
he believed, leaving the judgment to the people
to correct him if he was wrong. How is the
practice in point of fact? You frequently say
that you are a law-abiding and constitution-
abiding people; but, sir, it would be more peril-
ous for me to go into your States and declare
what, before God, I brieve to be true upon this
subject of slavery than it would be to proclaim
Red Republicanism in St. Petersburgh. You
know it, and yet you talk of the Constitution
and the constitutional rights of the South, while
you deprive us of the plainest and most sacred
constitutional rights.
Why, air, a northern man can hardly go with
safety into the South to transact business entirely
collateral to the question of slavery. I know a
gentleman from Ohio who went into South Car-
olina as administrator, to wind up the affairs of an
estate, not at all connected with slavery. When
he got there, he was told that it was understood
he was an Abolitionist, as all men who entertain
my sentiments are styled, and a committee waited
on him and told him he must leave the place at
once. It was only by the greatest exertions of
influential lawyers that he was permitted to abide
in the town until his-business could be transacted.
Happy was he that he escaped at last without a
coat of tar and feathers, or something worse. This
is the law-abiding conduct of which some gentle-
men talk so much and so loudly! I proclaim
here boldly that in my judgment there is not the
semblance of liberty in the southern States—no
more for the man living there than for me. I
judge so from this circumstance, that the most'
extreme.and outrageous measure in regard to this
subject by the most violent men are never rebuked
there, although there must be in that section, as
in others, men of judgment and discretion, lovers
of liberty, justice, and right. If a proposition
is made of the most extreme and violent charac-
ter, involving the greatest outrage on the rights
of men, you do not hear the voice of wisdom and
justice saying, " Friends, you are going too far."
No man can say this, for the reason that, if he did
so, he would be denounced at once as an Aboli-
tionist. Any man who should undertake to
moderate their zeal against what they call aboli-
tionism , would be deemed an Abolitionist himself,
and would stand about the same chance that a
reactionist did during the French Revolution.
I take no pleasure in proclaiming these things,
although I believe them to be true. From the
accumulated evidence which I receive on this sub-
ject from everv quarter, I cannot doubt for one
moment that the people of the South are laboring
under one of the most accursed despotisms that
ever settled down upon mankind, involving not
only themselves but citizens of other States, who
have the right under the Constitution to go there.
Still, I am to be blamed as one who interferes
with other men's business, because I stand here
to inveigh against this state of things, andrdcclare
to you that, in the South, the guarantees of the
Constitution are a mere rope of sand. When I
invoke that Constitution for the protection of my
right to speak, publish, and print whatever I see
fit, you meet me with a coat of tar and feathers,
or with the halter of the hangman. Yet the South
seem to suppose, that they alone are loyal to the
Constitution, and they talk of us as habitual
violators of the Constitution. Thus will men be
blinded by interest, passion, and prejudice!
My southern friends, do I exaggerate anything ?
Do I state anything more than is really existing
among you ? When you commenced the agita-
tion against what you call abolitionism, I do not
believe you contemplated the excesses to which
it has since been driven. That the case, how-
ever, is as I have stated, I have no kind of doubt.
Does any man believe that I could go into the
southern States now, and, in my poor way, make
a stump-speech in favor of Fremont and Dayton,
and argue the Republican platform in Charleston
or Richmond with impunity ? If I were to go
there, would it be effectual for me to invoke the
Constitution of the United States ? If there be a
man here who believes so, let him speak, for him
have I offended. Sir, there is no such man.
The Constitution has nothing to do with the
rights of northern men in your southern States.
You know that it has been entirely perverted, in
these latter days, to the extension, upholding,
cherishing, and spreading, of the institution of
slavery.
I have been amazed, in studying the histor^
of my country, to reflect on the difference between
this day and that when the word " liberty" was
loved; It reminds me of the speech of Cicero, on a
certain occasion, when, in the degenerate days of
old Rome, the same idea crossed his great mind.
He spoke of liberty, how once revered and loved
by the Roman people, but now (said he) trampled
down. How is it here to-day? How is it with
the great Democratic party, and their represent-
atives within my hearing ? There is no word in
the English language that is so proscribed by
them as the word "liberty." These Democrats
hate it as a mad dog hates water. Liberty! The
moment the word is spoken he that speaks it is
at once transformed into an Abolitionist. " Lib-
erty!" " freedom!" of all words in our language
their utterance soonest puts a man in Coventry.
One Senator believes that a man should be put in
Coventry who makes use of these terms indis-
creetly. Why is it thus? Sir, liberty was the
polar star that guided our fathers in the great *
struggle for independence. If that word had been
stricken from the calendar, not a single man
would have been found to face the British bayo-
nets for a moment. It is in vindication of liberty
that 1 am here to-day. It is not less in jeopardy
now than it was then. Aspirations for liberty
stimulated them, and enabled them to go through
the dreadful struggles of the Revolution; but now,
at this era, in the Senate of the United States, I
am supposed to be an intermeddlerin other men's
business, not my own, for avowing my love for
it. For maintaining this principle I am put be-
Eond the pale of all promotion in the so-called
democratic party. Their leadersare nowcourted,
trusted, and honored, in proportion to their ser-
vility, and hatred of freedom.
All Senators know that there exists here an un-
constitutional test of office. I do not respect it, and
I told you in the beginning that I never would.
Lest he who occupies the executive chair should
make some great blunder, and not put into office
a mere tool of this slave power, you inquire into
what he has done; and if the smell of liberty is on
his garment, be it ever so faint or remote, he is
