TO*
appendix to the: congressional globe.
[July >
■ 34th Cong 1st Scss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
proscribed. He can no more receiva mi office at
the hands of the Democratic party, than if he came
from a penitentiary. The love of liberty oper-
ntes as a conviction for crime. It^ depnyes him
of the rights of an American citizen. He can
hold no office of trust or profit under the United
States, if he happens to believe that men are cre-
ated equal, and nave certain inalienable rights,
among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. This is. the degeneracy to which
your Democratic party has come. I am humil-
iated by it; I am put beyond the pale of office.
There is not one of the majority in the other
House,falling themselves Republicans, who were
elected by an overwhelming majority of the free
people of the United States, whose Representa-
tives they are, who is not, under your Demo-
cratic rule, as effectually proscribed from receiv-
ing an office at the hands of the Democratic party,
as though he was the inmate of a peuitentiary.
Why ? Because lie has undertaken to resist your
attempt to make slavery in these United States
universal and perpetual forever.
These are some of the reasons why I stand
here to inveigh against your institution. It has
corrupted puolic men; it has overturned the Gov-
ernment. You have erected rules and principles
utterly inconsistent with those of the fathers of
the Republic. You know that I preach no more
than the truth—nay, half the truth has not been
told oil this subject. I desire to reason with
men; and I ask my Democratic friends of the
South, do you suppose for one moment, that a
proud people, jealous above all things of their
rights; whose fathers periled their lives to ob-
tain those guarantees of liberty which we are
defending;—I ask you in sober reason, divested
of all acrimony, is it reasonable to suppose that
it is entirely safe to drive that class of men to the ,
wall ? Do you expect that it will be safe to deny, j
forever, those great principles of liberty which
are cherished by a majority of the people of the
United States as the apple of their eye? If you
do, I tell you you will wake up some morning
and find thai you have gone a Btep too fax. The
patience of our people, on this subject, has been
nibre severely tried than was that of their fathers.
If those venerated sires could look down on us
to-day, they would reproach us for our patient
submission for so long a time. He who 'vent
through every battle from Bunker Hill to York-
town, would ask me, " Why is it that you have
not stood forth before, as the bold advocate of
those rights which were bestowed upon you by
my labors, perils, and blood?" He would re-
proach me as an undutiful son, for having been
too patient—yea, infinitely more patient than the .
men of the Revolution, under the aggressions of
Great Britain.
I know that a majority of the people of the
United States feel that they have been delinquent
in not having risen before to assert their rights.
Will you be lured by the recreant men who hap-
pen to slip in here against the wishes of their con-
stituents by such accidents as frequently take
place, to believe that the people of the North, in
whose veins flows the blood of the Revolution,
■ have really lost the spirit of their ancestors? Will'
you be lured to believe that it is perfectly safe to
disregard their rights? I ask you to pause. I
tell you- these men are not safe counselors. I
know that you regard me as,your enemy; and
vet I am really your best friend, because I stand
here to advise you of the danger of being lured to
destruction by men who seek their own advance-
ment, caring nothing what may befall you. Like
those who, in times gone by, have been the honest
bearers of unwelcome intelligence, I know I shall
be treated as your enemy; but still I will not
shrink from the path of duty.
I have said, Mr. President, that in 1852 the
compromise measures were declared to be final
and eternal; but two years did * not pass away ;
before an agitation took place in this country, '
notwithstanding your resolutions of conventions
and of the Senate, compared with which all others
are as the idle wind. You had not ceased to sing
the glories of the finality, which all pledged them-
selves to stand by forever, before you were tempted
by false counselors, who cared not for your inter-
ests, into measures utterly fatal to the great prin-
ciples of American liberty. Ths which caused
this agitation was voted for by my friend from
Kentucky—for I will call him my friend, because
in past times he and I, though far apart, and not
knowing each other, fought shoulder to shoulder
with great zeal and perseverance in the great
battle in which we were engaged for the success
of the principles of the Whig party. I endeav-
ored, in my liumble way, with equal zeal with
my friend from Kentucky, or any other man, to
elevate the great statesman, Henry Clay, an honor
to this or any other nation, to the highest station
within the gift of the American people. I deplore
our failure in that great battle; for if we had oeen
successful, the sagacity, the wisdom, the patriot-
ism, and sense of justice of that great man, would
have saved me the necessity of standing up now
to advocate American liberty. He himself would
have vindicated it. He was not the man to preach
that slavery was a divine institution; but shortly
before hisdeath, among the last deeds of his life,
though prompted by every consideration that
could move a man in an opposite direction, he
stood here pledging his word, that with his con-
sent slavery should never be extended one inch
into free territory. Honor, eternal honor, sir, to
his name for having resisted the temptations
which surrounded him, and stood forth, though
on the verge of the grave, to vindicate his man-
hood and the rights of man.
The gentleman from Kentucky told us yester-
day that he stood here as an advocate for the old
I "Whig party. What an advocate! If Henry
: Clay had not been in his grave, I do not believe
we should have heard him here. [Laughter.]
He still stands by the old Whig party! I do
not wish to make use of any harsh expressions,
and I am glad that I checked one which was on
nay tongue. He, an advocate of the Whig par-
ty, who went into council with the enemies of
Henry Clay, with the old repudiators of his doc-
trines, to overthrow that law by which he plumed
himself on having given harmonv and peace to
the Union! Is this the way in which he asserts
the great principles of the Whig narty ? I stood
by the Whig party until then. When the Whigs
of the South, with some honorable and glorious
exceptions, fewer than I wish they were, emerged
from the dark councils of our enemies, and the
enemies of our great statesman, Henry Clay, and
came here together to undo the work of peace and
justice and right, which had been the pride of
his life, they annihilated tne Whig party. The
Whigs of the South are now scattered as sheep
having no shepherd. Having been trained under
such a leader as Henry Clay, during the best part
of their political lives, it was unnatural for them
to go body and soul into the camp of the enemy;
and hence they are in a kind of political purgatory
to-day, dangling between heaven and hell, not
knowing whether to join the Republicans or the
Democracy. All this is consequent upon, and
traceable to, the fatal act of giving in to the insidi-
ous counsels of those who sought to advance
! themselves, not caring what became of you, much
less what became of the old Whig party which
we loved. My friend from Kentucky says he is
the advocate of the Whig party. Sir, there is
no Whig party. It has been dishonored, repu-
diated, annihilated, by the complicity of him and
others who sought its destruction.
The Whigs of the South, as I have said, in
an evil hour conspired with the enemy to over-
throw the principles of the old Whig party. They
leagued with the enemy to undo a measure which
haa been carried by southern votes, and was re-
garded, at the time, as a sectional triumph over
the northern enemy. I Jiave no doubt that, at
4he time when it was enacted, it was unjust, be-
cause freedom and liberty are much better than
chains and slavery, and ought not to receive the
same meed of encouragement at the hands of the
National Legislature. Much is lost in this discus-
sion by permitting gentlemen to put slavery and
liberty on the same footing. Slavery is apt to
take care of itself, and needs no help from legis-
lation. It is the business of the just statesman
to labor always for liberty. In modern times, in
this degenerate age of the Republic, it is argued,
and even half conceded, on this floor, that liberty
and slavery ought to receive the same meed of
encouragement at the hands of Congress. It is a
monstrous proposition, fit only for a despotism.
It might probably be sustained in Russia and
other despotisms. Sir, when the American peo-
ple so far forget what is due to Republicanism,
equality, justice, and right, as to say that slavery
is equally entitled with freedom to encourage-
ment, then liberty is no more. The principles of
the fathers are overthrown, and there is nothing
left worth preserving. But, sir, if liberty was
even permitted an equal chance with slavery, I
should not be compelled to speak to-day for free-
dom. There is a vigor, a force, a power, in free
institutions, which enable them to take care of
themselves if you give them an equal chance.
But every department of the Government is now
wielded for the destruction of liberty, and the
advancement of slavery and chains. This will
not do; the principles of the Administration must
and shall be reversed. Liberty shall yet be the
favored child of this glorious Republic.
You repealed the Missouri compromise. Why
did you uo it? Various reasons were assigned
for the act on this floor at the time. All seemed,
however, to concur in the opinion that it was
a bare abstraction; that no practical result would
grow out of it for the South; that slavery could
not go into Kansas, because the God of nature
had not adapted the soil and climate to slavery.
That was the declaration made here at the time.
I do not suppose that it deceived anybody—cer-
tainly it did not deceive me—but some men jus-
tified their votes on this ground. They told the
people that it was an act of justice to the South,
to be attended with no practical consequences.
We were told then, that in 1820 the South com-
mitted an act of political suicide. For thirty-four
years they never discovered it. During all that
time the South supposed they had achieved a tri-
umph. In the thirty-fourth year, however, a
prophet sprang up who made them acquainted with
the fact that they themselves had done an act
deeply injurious to tfyj honor and interests of the
South. When the act was accomplished, I said
on this floor that the Whig party was overthrown.
I was told, however, that a great principle was
asserted. The principle was that a people of a
Territory ought to have a perfect right to manage
their own domestic institutions in their own way.
To men who thought but little, such a proposi-
tion seemed to be just. You were not content
with the ordinary mode of legislation, but against
all precedent you incorporated into the very body
of your bill these jingling words, that it "was not
the intention of Congress to legislate slavery into
the Territory, nor to prohibit it from going there,
but to leave the people perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject, however, to the Constitution of the
United States."
A more .damning act of duplicity than this
never characterized the legislation of any country
on God's earth. I say boldly, it was a premedi-
tated deception. It partially produced its result;
but thank God the people now understand it.
The doctrine that the inhabitants of a Territory
should manage their own internal concerns in
their own way, seemed very plausible. I know
the labor which it cost to get this formula into
the bill. I remember the various committals, and
recommittals, and councils, and deliberations,
which took place before the creed could be worded
right. As one gentleman said, a stump speech
was injected into the body of the bill, in order to
sweeten it with the people. From Adam's time
to the present, who ever heard of setting forth in
the body of an act the reasons for its passage?
A law is defined to be a rule of action, and who
ever heard of making it express the motives of
those who passed it ? It was an extraordinary
occurrence that called for such extraordinary
legislation. It stamped this measure, in the first
place, as something extremely important and un-
usual. I think 1 cannot mistake, the purpose for
which it was done. It was hollow, false, hypo-
critical; designed to deceive the people, who it
was hoped would not understand it. Time, which
tests all things, has brought to light what I did
not know then, to confirm the opinion which I
then entertained. I have no doubt, from the evi-
dence which has since transpired, that at the very
time when you were enacting ft law dccjflnng that
the people of the Territory should do as they
pleased on the subject of slavery, a secret society
