762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
though it may of a motion to adjourn. The Chair
understands that, when a motion to lay upon the
table has been negatived, it is not m order to
renew the motion while the bill is in the same
condition. _
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. There
has been business intervening since the motion
was made and rejected, and business which ma-
terially changes the condition of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Is this debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It-is not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be indefinitely postponed.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order under
the rules of the House. The Chair will now
slate his grounds for deciding the motion to lay
upon the table to be out of order. He decides
that it is out of order, inasmuch as, since the pre-
vious question has been called and seconded, the
motion has been rejected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to post-
pone the bill until the 3d of March next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order;
it is precluded by the rules. When the main
question is ordered to be now put, under the rules
no motion but the motion to commit and the
pending amendments are under consideration.
Mr. TODD. I call for* the yeas and nays on
the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I do not wish the bill re-
committed. The motion was made to keep the
bill before the House.
Several Members objected to any debate or
statement out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the gentle-
man from Vermont withdraw the motion to re-
commit ?
The SPEAKER. He cannot; the main ques-
tion has been ordered to be now put.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that that body had agreed to the House
amendments to the bill for the relief of the dis-
tributees of Colonel William Linn; and also that
it had passed the bill making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857, with amendments thereto, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON AGAIN.
Mr. MEACHAM, I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair in reference to a matter of order.
Have I the right to withdraw the motion to re-
commit ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
right.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to know the effcct of
sending this question back to the committee ?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to say.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to all these in-
quiries.
The SPEAKER. Questions in the nature of
debate are not in order.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cidcdin the negative—yeas 78, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Baibour, Benson, Broom,
Buifnuon, Burhngamu, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
('ampbell, Carhle, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Conuns,
Cox, Ciagm,Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
3)iok, Dickson, Durtee, Edwards, Emne, Etheridge, Eu^Us,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Moirison Harris, Haven, Jlofi-
niciijj Valentine i . Horton, Kennett, Kniir, Knight, Knox,
JL:ilee, Lmdiey, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Kilban
Miller, Moore/Morean, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Penning-
ton, I'ettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, l'uryear, Reade, Ready,
Iticaud, Ritchie, ftobbnis, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sim-
mons, William Li. ^mith, Sneed, Stanton, Tappan, Todd,
Tralton, Tnppe, Underwood, Vaik, Walbndge, Waklron,
Walker, Whitney, Woodruff, Wood worth, and Zollicof-
fer—<8.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allen, Barclay, Cell, Ilendley S. Ben-
nett, BiUinghurst, Bli^, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwaladcr, Carutheiv, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Cranre, Crawford, David-
son, Day, Dodd, Dowdcll, English, Faulkner, Flaglei, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller," Giddm^, Goode. Granger,
Gieemvood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Ilarn^, Heibert, Thomas R. Horton, Houston,
Huwhston, George W. Jone-;, J. Glancy Jones, Kulweil,
Knwwlton, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Maxwell, MeCaity,
MfMuilm, McQueen, Meacham, Snnfli Miller, Millson,
Mott, Nichols, A nth ew Ohvei, Orr, Peck, Perry, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Richardson, Ruffin^ Rust^ Savage, Sew-
ard, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott,
Wade, Warner, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright—81.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Marshall, was detained from the
House by sickness, and had paired off with Mr.
Norton.
Mr. EVANS asked consent to withdraw his
vote, stating that he had agreed with Mr. Keitt
to pair off with a friend of his, [Mr. Keitt,]
whose name he did not know.
Leave was granted.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. H. Marshall, to strike out
the word "be," and insert in lieu thereof ^the
words " have been for one year;" so as to make
the first section read as follows:
" That from and after the passage of this act, every free
white male resident of the city of Washington, (vagrants,
paupers, felons, and persons wm compos mentis excepted,)
who shall have resided in the said eity one year immediately
preceding the day of election, and who shall have been for
one year a citizen of the United States, and twenty-one
years of age at the time he offers to vote, and shall have
paid the. school-tax, and all taxes on personal property due
from him, shall be entitled to vote m the ward of which he
shall have been for one month previous to the day of elec-
tion, and is on the day thereof, a bona fide resident, for
Mayor, members of the Board of Aldermen and Common
Council, register, collector, surveyor, assessors, and such
other officeis as may hereafter be made elective: Provided,
That in all casps where the person so otherwise entitled and
offering to vote shall not have been resident of the partic-
ular ward in which he is resident bona fide upon the day of
election for the space of one month immediately pievious
thereto, that then such person shall be entitled to vote in
the ward in which he last previously resided."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. I ask for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwards
and Paui.kner were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 67; whereupon
Mr. SAGE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. PRINGLE. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 move to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to inquire if the
gentleman voted with the majority?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky is not in order, as there is a
pending motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Before that motion
is put I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table the invalid
pensions bill, which has been sent in from the
Senate this morning, in order that it may be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. ORR. If we are to have the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn over, I withdraw the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. McCARTY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to recommit
the bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending a motion to adjourn.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Is not a motion to
adjourn pending?
"The SPEAKER. It is, and the question upon
it must first be taken.
Mr. SAGE. I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McCARTY. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the tabl®.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew my
motion that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
"Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 40, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Boeock, Broom, Caruthers, Craige,
Henry Winter Davis, Durfee, Edwards, Eustis, Goode,
Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Herbert, Kennett, Lake, kind-
ley, Maxwell, Meacham, Orr, Pearce, Pelton, Powell,
Reade, Ricaud, Richardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sage, Savage,
Shorter, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Tnppe, Un-
derwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Ellihu B. Wa&hburne,
and Winslow—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, BiUinghurst, Bliss, Bowie,
Branch, Brooks, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Cas-
kie, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Crawford, Damrell, David-
son, Day, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Emrie, English, Ether-
idge, Faulkner, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings,
Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston, Hughston, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelsey, Kidweil, King, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
McCarty, McMullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Mott, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Peck, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pringle, Pur-
year, Quitman, Ready, Robbitis, Sabin, Sapp, Scott,
Seward, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart,
Talbott, Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walbndge, Wald-
ron. Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Woodworth, John
Y. Wright, and Zollicoffer—305
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. GILBERT. On that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwards
and Bocock were appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to withdraw his motion,
that I may make a report from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I wish to inquire of
the Chair, if the House now adjourns, how does
the business stand when the House again meets?
The main question has been ordered; will it come
up as the first business ?
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and immediately recurs upon the opening
of the session.
Mr. NICHOLS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
55, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Broom, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, James H. Campbell, Carhle, Ezra Clark, Cragin,
Henry Winter Davis, Dickson, Edwards, Etheridge, Eustis,
Robert -B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Kennett,
Lindley, McCarty, Moore, Morgan, Parker, Pelton, Pettit,
Porter, ruryear, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins,
Sabin, Sage, Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Todd, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Waldron,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Whitney, Wood-
ruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, BiUinghurst, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Cas-
kie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cumins,
Craige, Crawford, Damrell, Day, Dodd, Dowdell,Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Thomas Ij. Harris, Herbert, Thomas
R. Horton, Houston, Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelsey, Knight, Knowlton, Lake, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Matteson, Maxwell, McQueen, Meacham, Smith Mil-
ler, Millson, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Perry,
Phelps, Pike, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust. Sapp, Savage,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott,
Walbndge, Watson, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright
—74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PRINGLE stated that he had paired off
for the day with Mr. Orr.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Richardson, had paired off with Mr.
Knox.
Mr. EUSTIS stated that Mr. Walker had
paired off with his colleague, Mr. Davidson.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that when this
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit that that
motion is not in order, because it has been voted
down a moment ago, and no motion has_ been
sincc entertained, except a motion to adjourn.
You cannot alternate between these two motions.
