28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August.,
34tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ouJML
011 Sana
Muscat.—Zanzibar, one thousand dollars.
Brazil.—Baliia. Maranham Island,Para, and
Rio Grande, each, one thousand dollars.
Mexico.—Matamoras, Mexico, (city,) and
Tampico, each, one thousand dollars.
Paso del Norte and Tabasco, each five hun-
dred dollars. ***
Peru.—Paita and Tumbez, each, five hundred
dollars.
Chili.—Talcahuano, one thousand dollars.
New Granada.—Carthagena and Sabanillo,
each five hundred dollars.
Honduras.—Omoa, one thousand dollars.
Ecuador.—Guayaquil, seven hundred andfifty
dollars.
Bolivia.—Cobija, five hundred dollars.
Uruguay.—Montevideo, one thousand dollars.
Society Islands.—Tahita, one thousand dol-
« lars.
New Zealand.—Bay of Islands, one thousand
dollars.
Navigators' Island.—Apia, one tho
dollars.
Feejee Islands. — Lanthala, one thou;
dollars.
II.—Commercial Agents.
Portugal.—St. Paul dc Loanda, (Angola,)
one thousand dollars.
Liberia.—Monrovia and Gaboon, each, one
thousand dollars.
St. Domingo, (Island.)—Cape Haytien, one
thousand dollars.
Aux Cayes, five hundred dollars.
Russia in Asia.—Amoor river, one thousand
dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That consuls
general, consuls, and commercial agents, not em-
braced in Schedules BaiulC, shall be entitled,as
compensation for their sci vices, to such fees as
they may collect in pursuance of the provisions
of this act, respectively.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe.it farther enacted, That no consul
general, consul, or commercial agent, embraced
in Schedule B, shall, wlule he holds his office, be
interested in or transact any business as a mer-
chant, factor, broker, or other trader, or as a
cleik or other agent for any such person to, from,
or within the port, place, or limits of his consul-
ate or commercial agency, directly or indirectly,
either in his own name, or in the name or through
the agency of any other peison; and if appoint d
after thin act shall take effect, he shall, in his offi-
cial bond, .stipulate, as a condition thereof, not
to violate this prohibition; and if appointed be-
fore, and retained in office after this act shall take
effect, he shall, within such reasonable time as
the President, shall prescribe, enter into a new
official bond with such stipulation as a condition
thereof; and if any such consul general, consul,
or commercial agent, shall violate such prohibi-
tion, he shall be liable to a penalty therefor, for
the use of the United States, equal in amount to
the annual compensation specified for him in said
Schedule 13, which may be recovered in an action
of debt at the suit of the United States, either
dnecily for the penalty, as such, against such
consul general, or consul, or commercial ai>ent,
or upon his official bond, as liquidated damages,
for the breach of such condition, against such
consul general, consul, or commercial agent and j
his sureties, or any one or more of them; and in |
u\ ei y mm h case nil such actions shall be open to i
the United States for the collection of such pen- ■
ally till the same shall be collected in some one of ,
such actions; and every such pemilfy, when col- j
lected, shall be paid into the Treasury of the i
United States; and such prohibition shall be ap- i
plicable to all consuls general, but not to any i'
consul or commercial agent not embraced in said j;
Schedule C, except as hereinnfter authorized, [|
unless otherwise! expressly provided bylaw. li
Sec. 0. And be, it farther enacted, That the \\
President be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint j1
three interpreters of the Chinese language, who !;
shall be entitled to compensation for their ser- !|
vices, respectively, at a rate not to exceed fifteen ['
bundled dollars per annum, to be determined by |
the President, and to assign such interpreters, j
from tune to time, to such consulates in China ji
and with such duties as he may think proper. I!
Sec. 7. And be it .farther enacted, That the ]j
President be, and is hereby, authorized, when- ||
ever he shall think the public good will be pro-
moted thereby, to appoint consular pupils, not to
.exceed twenty-five in number at any one time,
who shall be citizens of the United States, and
entitled to compensation for their services, re-
spectively, at a rate not to exceed one thousand
dollars pec annum, to be determined by the Pres-
ident; and to assign such pupils, from time to
time, to such'consulates, and with such duties as
he may think proper; and before the appointment
of any%*&uch pupil shall be made, satisfactory
evidence, by examination or otherwise, shall be
furnished of his qualifications and fitness for the
office to the Secretary of State, and by him laid
before the President.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son appointed, after this act shall take effect, to
any such office as is mentioned in the first, second,
third, sixth, or seventh sections of this act, shall
be entitled to compensation for his services
therein, except from the time when he shall reach
his post, and enter upon his official duties, to the
time when he shall cease to hold such office, and
for such time as shall be actually and necessarily
occupied in receiving his instructions, not to
exceed thirty days, and in making the transit be-
tween the place of his residence, when appointed,
and his post of duty, at the commencement and
termination of the period of his official service,
for which he shall in all cases be allowed and
paid, except as hereinafter mentioned; and no
person shall be deemed to hold any such office
after his successor shall be appointed, ami actually
enter upon the duties of his office at his post of
duty, nor after lus official residence at such post
shall have terminated, if not so relieved; but no
such allowance or payment shall be made to any
consul general, consul, or commercial agent, con-
templated by the fourth section of this act, or to
any vice consul, vice commercial agent, deputy
consul, or consular agent, for the time so occu-
pied in receiving instructions, or in such transit
as aforesaid; nor shall any such officer, as is re-
ferred to in this section,be allowed compensation
for the time so occupied in such transit, at the
termination of the period of his official service,
if he shall have resigned, or been recalled there-
from for any malfeasance in his office.
Sec. \). And be it further enacted, That when to
any diplomatic office held by any person there
shall be superadded another, such person shall
be allowed additional compensation for his ser-
vices, in such superadded office, at the rate of
fifty per centum of the amount allowed by this
act for such superadded office; and such superad-
ded office shall be deemed to continue during the
tune to which it is limited by the tcims thereof,
and for such time as shall be actually and neces-
sarily occupied in making the transit between the
two posts of duty at the commencement and ter-
mination of the period of such superadded office
so limited, and no longer.
Sec. JO. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for such
time as any secretary of legation shall be law-
fully authorized to act as charge d'affaires ad
interim at the post to which he shall have been
appointed, ho shall be entitled to receive compen-
sation at the rate allowed by this act for a charge
d'affaires at such post; but he shall not bo entitled
to leceive, for such time, the compensation al-
lowed for his services as secretary of legation.
Srx;. II. And be it further enacted* That for
such time as any consular officer shall be author-
ized, pursuant to the provisions of this act, to
perform diplomatic functions, in the absence of
the regular diplomatic officer m the country to
which he shall bo appointed, he shall be entitled,
m addition to his compensation as such consular
officer, to receive compensation for his services
while so authorized, at the rate allowed by this act
for a secretary ot legation m such country.
Sec. 1:2. And be it further evactcd, That no
consular officer shall exercise diplomatic func-
tions, or hold any diplomatic correspondence or
relation on the part of the United States, in, with,
or to, the Government or country to which he
shall he appointed, or any other country or Gov-
ernment, when there shall be in such country any
officer of the.United States authorized to perform
diplomatic functions therein; nor in any case,
unless expressly authorized by the President so
to do.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, That every
consul general, consul, and commercial agent,
appointed before, and retained in office after, this
act shall take effect, shall, without unnecessary
delay, and every such officer appointed after this
act shall take effect shall, before he receives his
commission or enters upon the duties of his office,
enter into a bond to the United States, with such
sureties, who shall be permanent residents of the
United States, as the Secretary of State shall ap-
prove, in a penal sum not less than one thousand
nor more than ten thousand dollars, and in such
form as the President shall prescribe, conditioned
for the true and faithful accounting for, paying
over, and delivering up*of all fees, moneys,
goods, effects, books, records, paptVs, and other
property which shall come to his hands, or to the
hands of any other person to his use as such
consul general, consul, or commercial agent, un-
der any law now or hereafter enacted: and for the
true and faithful performance of all other duties
now or hereafter lawfully imposed upon him as
such consul general, consul, or commercial agent;
and in the cases of consuls general, consuls, and
commercial agents embraced in schedule B, such
bond shall contain, by way of further condition,
the stipulation required by the fifth section of this
act; and all such bonds shall be deposited with
the Secretary of the Treasury, and in no case
shall the penalty of such bond be less than the
annual compensation allowed to the officer enter-
ing into such bond; and the President shall be
authorized to require a new or additional bond
from any such consul general, consul, or com-
mercial agent, in like form, and in such penalty,
within the limits aforesaid, in amount, as lie shall
piescribe, whenever, in his opinion, the public
good shall require it.
Sec. 14. Andbe it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to define
the extent of country to be embraced within any
consulate or commercial agency, and to provide
for the appointment of viecLConsuls, vice commer-
cial agents, deputy consuls, and consular agents,
therein, in such manner and under such regula-
tions as he shall deem proper; but no compensa-
tion shall be allowed for the services of any such
vice consul, or vice commercial agent, beyond,
nor except out of the allowance made by this act
for the principal consular officer in whose place
such appointment shall be made; and no vice
consul, vice commercial agent,deputy consul, or
consular agent, shall be appointed otherwise than
in such manner and under such regulations as the
President shall prescribe, pursuant to the provis-
ions of this act.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That every
vice consul and vice commercial agent shall be
entitled, as compensation for his services as such,
to the whole, or so much of the compensation of
the principal consular officer, in whose place he
shall be appointed, as shall be determined by the
President, and the residue, if any, shall be paid
to such principal consular officer; and every con-
sular agent shall be entitled, as compensation for
his services, to such fees as he may collect in pur-
suance of the provisions of this act, or so much
thereof as shall be determined by the President;
and the principal officer of the consulate or com-
mercial agency within the limits of which such
consular agent shall be appointed, shall be entitled
to the residue, if any, m addition to any other
compensation allowed him by this act for his ser-
vices therein; and the President shall have power
to subject any consul, or commercial agent, con-
templated by the fourth section of this" act, .and
vice consul, vice commercial agent, deputy consul,
or consular agent, to the prohibition as to trade
contained in the fifth section of this act, and to
require from any of them such bond as is pro-
vided for by the thirteenth section of this act,
whenever he shall think the public interests will
be promoted thereby.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and is hereby, authorized to pre-
scribe, from time to time, the rates or tariffs of
fees to be charged for official services, and to
designate what shall be regarded as official ser-
vices, besides such as arc expressly declared by
law, in the business of the several legations, con-
sulates, and commercial agencies, and to adapt
the same, by such differences as may be nccea-
