1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Mr. MORGAN. How was itin the Nebraska
times ?
Mr. JONES. Exactly that decision was made,
that you have no right to alternate, between the
motion to adjourn over and to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that,
inasmuch as nothing has occurred in the House
since the motion to adjourn over has been passed
upon, except a motion to adjourn, the_ motion of
the gentleman from New York is not in order at
this time.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Sat-
urday of this week; and on that I callfor tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that thing is
intended to be kept up so as to force an adjourn-
ment 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) Oh! let us
have patience; we will get at it after awhile.
[Laughter.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall, and Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
ported , ayes fifteen—noes not counted.
So the motion to adjourn over till Saturday was
not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to take from
the Speaker's table 
Mr. JONES. I object. We will have nothing
at all till this matter is disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I wish it to be un-
derstood 
[Loud cries of order.]
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object; and I state further,
that I would have objected if my friend from Ten-
nessee had not.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SAGE, (at half past three, p. m.) I move
that the House do now adjourn; and on that I
-call for tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. I will save the gentleman
the trouble. . I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
49, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bali, Broom, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, James H. Campbell, Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Comins, Henry Winter Davis,
Edwards, Etheridge, Faulkner, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, J. Momson Harris, Sampson W.Harris, Haven, Hoff-
man, Valentine B. Horton, Kennett, McCarty, Moore, Mor-
gan, Parker, Pclton, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith, Stanton, Tap-
pan, Todd, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, EUihu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Woodiuff, Woodwortll,
and Zollicoffer—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
eon, Biilinghurst, Bocock, Bowie, Bradshaw, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, Cadwaladcr, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruth-
era, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Crawford, Dam-
rell, Day, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Thomas L. Harris, Thomas R. Horton, Houston, I-Iugliston,
George \V. Jones, J. Olancy Jones, Kidwell, Knight,
Knowlton, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey
Mai shall, Matteson, Maxwell, McQueen, Meacham, Smith
Miller, MilUon, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Peck,Perry,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Iticaud, Robbins, Ruffin, Rust,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Walbndge, Watson, Wells, Winslow, and John V.
Wright—73.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BARBOUR stated that he had paired off
for the rest of the day with Mr. English.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, stated that Mr.
Carlile had paired off with Mr. Herbert.
Mr. MOTT stated that Mr. Durfee had
paired off.
Mr. BROOM stated that Mr. Eustis had paired
off with Mr. Savage.
Mr. HOFFMAN stated that Mr. Pettit had
paired off with Mr. Kelsey.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. SAGE. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I inquire whether
it is in order to move a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded, and therefore a call of the^ House
is precluded. The question is on laying the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order, after the main question has been
ordered, and before the previous question is ex-
hausted, to move to reconsider a vote taken under
the operation of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. COBB. But you may withdraw it if you
choose.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Stanton.) It de-
pends upon what the proposition to be reconsid-
ered may be.
Mr. STANTON. But a question which has
been taken under the operation of the previous
question, is it in order, until the previous ques-
tion be exhausted by voting on the whole subject,
to move a reconsideration ?
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that a motion to reconsider under such circum-
stances is in order.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to inquire whether there
is a quorum present ?
The SPEAKER. A quorum did not vote on
the last question, upon ordering the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COBB. Nor was it necessary.
Mr. SAGE. If it be in order at this time to
object to that, last vote, as there was no quorum
voting, I object to it.
The SPEAKER. It is the decided opinion of
the Chair, that inasmuch as the Constitution
gives the right to one fifth of those present to call
the yeas and nays, one fifth may order them to
be called upon any question; but if a quorum do
not vote nothing will have been transacted by
the House.
Mr. EDWARDS (at four o'clock and fifteen
minutes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I call for tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. What business has been done in
the House since that motion was passed upon?
The SPEAKER. Sufficient business, in the
opinion of the Chair, to justify a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES. What was it?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and questions of order have been
decided.
Mr. JONES. There has been no business done.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered by a vote of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered. The yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my demand
for the yeas and nays.
A Member. It is too late.
The SPEAKER. It is too late; the yeas and
nays having been ordered by the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays G2; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cragin, Henry
Winter Davis, Dickson, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hum-
phrey Marshall, McCarty, McQucen, MiUson, Morgan
Parker, Pelton, Ppnnmgton, Puryear, Sabin, Sage, Sim-
mons, Sneed, Todd, Trippe, Underwood, and Israel Wash-
burn—ys. . „
NAYS—Messrs. Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, Biilinghurst,Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, Cadwal-
lader, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers.
Caskie, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Crawford, Damrell,
Day, Dodd, Dowdell, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gid-
dings, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Hoffman, Houston, Hughston, Geoigc W. Jones, J.
Clancy Jones, Kidwell, Knight, Knowlton, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Matteson, Maxwell, Meaeham, Smith Miller, Mott,
Nichols, Andiew Oliver, Peck, Perry, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man, Ruffin, Rust, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, EUihu B. Wasliburne, Watson,
Winslow, and John V. Wright—62.
So the House refused to adjourn, no quorum
having voted.
MrT GREENWOOD. Inasmuch as the an-
nouncement shows that no quorum has voted, I
ask the Chair whether it would be in order to
move that there be a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the rules of the House preclude the
motion under existing circumstances.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. It is true, Mr. Speaker,
that the rules of the House preclude the motion
that there be a call of the House after the pre-
vious question has been seconded, and they apply
so long as there is a quorum of the House present;
but when the House finds itself without a quorum,
I insist that, under the Constitution, which is
higher authority than the rules, we have the
power to send for absent members. I read from
the fifth section of the first article of the Consti-
tution :
" Each House shall judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members, and a majority shall
constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller number
may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to
compel the attendance of absent members in sueb manner
and under such penalties as each House.may provide."
I insist upon it that, when the House finds
itself without a quorum, and refuses to adjourn,
as is now the case, they have the power to send
for and compel the attendance of absent members.
There may have been a different practice prevail-
ing. I am not certain what the precedents are
upon this question; but I think we have-the power
under the Constitution, and that we ought to ex-
ercise it. I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to summon the absent members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is not in order. The House, acting under
the authority of the Constitution, has prescribed
the rules by which it is to be governed in refer-
ence to a call of the House, and those rules pre-
clude the motion that there be a call of the House
under the existing circumstances, the Chair
therefore decides that the motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia is not in order.
Mr. COBB. I do not make the motion that
there be a call of the House. I submit a distinct
resolution that, inasmuch as there is less than a
quorum present, the Speaker direct the Sergeant-
at-Arms to compel the attendance of the absent
members. I make it as a distinct and separate
motion. I do not move that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is precluded by
the 50th rule of the House, which provides that,
after the previous question shall have been sec-
onded, a call of the House shall not be in order;
and the Chair thinks that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia is so nearly identical with
the motion that there be a call of the House, as to
make it out of order under the rules.
Mr. COBB. I will take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, in order that the question
may be decided. I want to see whether we can
compel the attendance of absent members when
a factious opposition is presented to the transac-
tion of the business of the House. We are here
without a quorum because the majority of the
House have become a faction, and refuse to do
the public business.
[Cries of "Order."]
The SPEA KER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that the gentleman from Georgia has not the
right so to characterize any portion of the House.
Mr. COBB. Is not the fact exhibited ? Iap-
peal to the Speaker upon an issue of fact, that
there is a factious opposition to the transaction
of the business of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. It cannot be characterized
in any other way.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hurl back the charge
upon the other side of the House. [Cries of
" Order!" and confusion.]
Mr. COBB. What charge ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The charge of factious
opposition.
Mr. COBB. I charge that a factious opposi-
tion has been made to-day to the business of the
House.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia who made the factious opposition yes-
terday ?
Mr. COBB. Factious opposition!—made by
whom ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, the charge is not
made against any member present; certainly not.
And why should gentlemen get so much ex-
cited about it? It is made against the absent
members, and gentlemen ought to have sense
enough to know it. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question.
Mr. COBB. My motion is, that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed by the Speaker of the House
to summon the absent members, and compel their
attendance; and I include in my motion, the fact
bein  exhibited by the last vote, that there is no
quorum in the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from G eorgia
will have the kindness to commit his motion to
writing, and in the mean time the Speaker will
state it to the House from reeolltcliuii.
