14190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
time to report. It is due, however, to the House,
that I should say that I am against this bill. I
am against it under all circumstances unless it
undergoes essential modifications.
Let us look at it for a moment. Suppose every
iw in Kansas is void; suppose theajLegislature
f Kansas was an imposition and aTraud; sup-
pose that both were the fruits of a mob from
Missouri—what authority does all that give to an
unauthorized body of men—a mob in Kansas (if
I may use the term for illustration) representing
but apart of the people of that Territory—to make
*and impose a constitution, ta fundamental law,
upon that Territory, and to control all the people
there ? I am opposed to unauthorized and illegal
bodies of men tnere, whether coming from within
the Territory, or from elsewhere. "What, sir, a
meeting, a convention, a political gathering,
extremely partial at that, got together, without
antecedent law, or subsequent ratification, and
endeavoring to bind the whole people of the Ter-
ritory by changing their form of government,
whether it was organized^iccording to law or not!
Why, sir, in my judgment, it had no more au-
thority to changc the form of government in that
Territory, or to establish a new one, th^n the
convention ht Cincinnatti, or the late convention
at Philadelphia, had to change the Constitution
of the United States. In all these cases, the gath-
ering was but of a party, and not of the people.
Sir, I have not adverted to general argument
bearing upon this bill. I have said nothing of
the character, position, or political opinions of
gentlemen this bill would bring into the Senate;
one, at least, of whom was a very pertinacious
advocate of the Kansas and Nebraska bill m the
last House, by reason of which, I suppose, he
found so little encouragement in liis own district
in Indiana that he migiated to Kansas, and is, by
this bill, proposed to be restored to public life in
the Senate, where, though representing loss than
one sixtieth partof the population of New York,
his vote will be just as potent, on all questions,
as that of either of the honorable Senators from
that State.
IN or shall 1 more than advert to the great in-
justice to the large and populous Slates like Vcnn-
sylvunia,^Ohio, and New York, in giving- the
forty thousand to sixty thousand people of Kan-
sas (if there be so many) an eqlml power and vote
in the Senate with their millions.
New York alone, to have a vote in the Senate,
in proportion to her numbers, equal to Kansas,
if admitted now under this bill, would be entitled
to over one hundred and twenty Senators in the
other House.
I leave these, and all such arguments, and kin-
dred suggestions, until we have tins facts from the
committee, when, if I can get an opportunity, I
intend speaking m full upon the question.
Although, in my opinion, we have the power
to make laws for a Territory, yet we have no right
to make a constitution for a Territory; nor have
weaA right to admit a Territory as a sovereign
State withm this Union, unless she comes to us
with a constitution made by her people, at least
a majority of them, or ratified by them.
Let me say to the friends of this measure, if
they propose to recognize the proceedings of this
convention, and admit Kansas as a State with
this constitution, they should, at least, submit
the constitution to the actual residents of the Ter-
ritory, to see whether they will have it or not.
I think, if they will consider the matter deliber-
ately, they will see the propriety of the course I
have suggested.
But, sir, I do not care to follow out this course
of argument. I simply desired to make the sug-
gestion to the House that, when this information
comes, one half the debate upon this subject will
be unnecessary. Gentlemen cannot criminate
and recriminate when this information is brfore
us, because it will settle the facts about which
they have been, and are now, in dispute. Then
I am not without hope that some wise, just, and
proper measure may be entered upon which shall
bung peace and quiet to the people of that dis-
tracted lerritory. I have not had time to look
into all the propositions that have been brought,
forward for affecting such a state of things. It
may be that, after examination, we may agree
upon such a proposition as has been presented by
the distinguished Senator from Delaware, which
has m it, I think, merit, moderation, forbearance,
and good sense. A gentleman on my right says
he has something to bring forward. I hope it
will be sound, fair, and well considered, and I am
prepared to accept it; but it must impose nothing
upon the people of the Territory, as a constitu-
tion, to which they do not agree.
Now, in reference to the suggestion of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] that the in-
formation to be obtained from the Kansas com-
mission will be of no value in determining the
question before the House, because the House
limited their scope of investigation to one or two
questions. I have not the resolution under which
they were appointed. If any gentleman has, I
hope he will nave it read. But my recollection
is, that they included the most broad and compre-
hensive grounds of inquiry; and it was upon that
consideration that I voted for its appointment.
If I mistake not, they were directed to inquire
into all the irregularities alleged to have been
committed in the Territory. The resolutions will
speak for me, if gentlemen will refer to them.
If my recollection serves me, they covered all
irregularities, not only in the election for delegate
to this House, but in the elections for members
of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas. My
friend will remember that they covered the entire
ground.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I have as-
certained, on inquiry, that I was slightly m error,
and I make the correction. The spirit of the res-
olutions was more general than I have stated.
They are as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of three of the members of
this House, to be appointed by the Speaker, shall pioceed
to inquire into, and collect evidence in regard to, the tioubles
m Kansas geneially, and particularly in lesard to anyliaud
or toice attempted orpiacticed in reteienceto any of the
elections winch have taken place in said Temtory, either
under the law organizing said Temtory, oi undei any pie-
tended law which may be alleged fo have taken elfcet
therein since. That they '-hall fully investigate and take
pioof of all violent ami tumultuous pioceednigs in said Ter-
ritory, at any tune since the parage of the Kansas-Ne-
ina-ika act, whether engaged in by residents of said Teiu-
toiy, or by any peison or persona from elsewhere going into
wild Temtory, and doing, 01 cucouiagmg otlicis to do, any
act Of Violence or public distui banco against the laws of the
United State*, or the rights, peace, and safety of the resi-
dents of said Tenuoiy; and lor that put pose said committee
shall have lull power to send for, and examine and take
copies of alt Mich papcH, public iceoids, and proceedings
as, in then judgment, u ill be u-eiul m the piemi^es ; and,
also, to send lur pfi.-ons, and examine them on oath 01
alihmation as to matteis within then knowledge, touclniisr
the matters ofsaid mvcMigation; and sa.d committee, by
then chairman, shall have power to admniistci all necessary
oaths nr athrmation* connected with their afotesuid duties.
Resolved,further, That said committee may hold their
investigations at Mich places and times as to them may
seem advisable, and that they have leave of absence fiom
the duties of this House until they shall have completed
such investigation. That they be authorized to employ
one or more clerks, and one ormoie assistant seigeants-at-
aimv, to aid them m their mve-tigation ; and may admin-
ister to them an oath or dtllimatiou faithfully to peiform
tlw dunes assignedto them, respectively, and to keep secret
a'l maitej.- winch may come to their knowledge touching
such investigation as said committee shall dueet, until the
icport o{ the same shall bo submitted to this House; and
said committee may di-ehai<n: any such cleik, or assistant
sergeaiU-;U-aira^, for neglect of duty or disregard of in-
stiuctions m the premises, and employ otheis under like
regulations.
Mr. HAVEN. I thought, on a reference to
the resolutions, that the gentleman would find
that they were of a more general nature than ho
stated them to be. i have a recollection that the
gentleman from Indiana submitted them to mc
before he presented them; and I then made the
observation, that, if adopted, the report of the
committee would foreclose and estop gentlemen
in reference to all the controverted facts m this
case of Kansas. It will be seen that the resolu-
tions are indeed far more comprehensive than I
stated they were from mere recollection. The
committee are to inquire into all the troubles, and
causes of existing troubles in, Kansas. In antici-
pation of the knowledge that their report will
bring us, when it comes, gentlemen may ask me,
if they please, to vote on the great fundamental
question which underlies all others in reference to
Kansas; but I give them notice that I shall favor
none of these extraordinary or extreme measures
until 1 know what there is m that report. When
I learn what there is in it, then I will be enabled
to act consistently andunderstandingly, so far as
I am individually concerned.
I think wc ought to have that information; and
I have made these remarks for the purpose of
bringing the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Territories to this subject, that he
might see the importance of enabling this House
to lay its hands on this piece of information. I
am ready to act on it when I get it. Nay, I am
willing to go further; I am ready to declare that,
if it turn out to be true, as is proclaimed by tele-
graphic dispatches, that there has been a destruc-
tion of nroperty in Kansas, committed under the
order oWny marshal or other public officer in
that Territory, I am willing to vote indemnity to
the people who have suffered a consequent loss.
I thmk that indemnity is due them. And I also
think that, in such a case, it is equally due to any
officer who has authorized, allowed ,or commanded
any such proceeding, that he be at once not only
dismissed the public service, but punished to the
extent of the law. Gentlemen may square them-
selves to side questions and side issues, and do
business in a small wc.y as much as they like,
but I am desirous to meet this great question on
the facts which I understand are on their way
here. When they are at hand, I will apply the
remedy that seems to me to be just, without refer-
ence either to the North or the South.
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has not the gentleman
already spoken on the subject?
The SPEAKER. Not on the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to spealc on thia
question, but not to-day; and if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will yield me the iloor, before
moving to procecd to other territorial business, I
will have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have possession of the
floor, and I now yield it to the gentleman to make
the motion that the House go into committee.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMPBELL. [ ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion, in ordei
that I may submit some reports from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
Mr. GROW. I am willing to yield for the re-
ception of such reports as relate to the Territo-
ries.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
dischaiged irorn the Anther consideration of the lCsolution
in reference to the tcruiotuil capitol of Utah; and that the
same be retened to the Committee on Territoues.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I also ask to report back
from the Committee of Ways and Means an act
for the relief of John Hastings, collector of the
port of Pittsburg, and ask that the committee ho
discharged from its further consideration; and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. GROW. 1 object to that report; it has
nothing to do with territorial business.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to offer a resolution,
merely of inquiry.
Mr. GROW. If I had not objected to the
gentleman from Ohio, I might not press any ob-
jection to the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Ohio
will not object, I am sure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not object.
Mr. CRAWFORD then offered the following
resolutions; which were read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the piopnety of placing James
Saxton, of Catoosa county, Georgia, on the revolutionary
pension lolls.
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructedto inqune into the piopriety of placing the name
of John 4£nddy on the lolls a^ an invalid pensioner.
Mr. GROW. Now, I must object to every-
thing except bills in reference to territorial mat-
ters.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHAPMAN, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills
of the following titles; which were severally read
a first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
