764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. COBB then proceeded to commit his mo-
tion to writing.
Mr. BALL. In order that we may have time
to reflect upon this very important question, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
has not the floor to make that motion. The gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] is entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RUST. How did the gentleman from
Ohio get the floor ? The gentleman from Georgia
had the floor, and is now writing out his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas will bear in mind that the gentleman from
Georgia submitted his motion and took his seat,
when the Chair requested him to commit his
motion to writing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And he is now
writing it out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair at the same time
stated that, in the mean time, he would state the
motion to the House from recollection.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the Chair the right to
state the motion from recollection when it is being
reduced to writing under the express direction of
the Speaker. The gentleman from Georgia is
now reducing his motion to writing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will wait until
the gentleman from Georgia has finished writing
his motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to aquestion of order.
I want to know if my colleague [Mr. Ball] is not
entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. He is.
Mr. BALL. I make the motion that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I would inquire if
the last question decided by the House was not a
motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
sufficient business has intervened to make the
motion in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Coiib] is not
entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harris] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. Did not the Speaker assign the
floor to thegeutleman from Georgia, and specially
request him to commit his motion to writing,
which the gentleman from Georgia is now engaged
in doing ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair requested the
gentleman from Georgia to reduce his motion to
writing; and, in the mean time, stated that he
■ would state the question from recollection.
Mr. JONES. And while the gentleman from
Georgia is reducing his motion to writing, has
the gentleman from Ohio the right to take the floor
from hjiii to move that the House adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will wait until
the gentleman from Georgia has finished his
writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I insist upon the right of
my colleague [Mr. Ball] to the floor, and to
submit the motion which he has submitted. It is
a privileged motion, and he has a right to make it.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has not pos-
session of the floor to make that motion.
Mr. SMITH. How long is the gentleman
from Georgia to stop our proceedings with his
writing?
Mr. HOUSTON. "When his hour is out I
suppose he can be stopped. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair lists no doubt
that the gentleman from Alabama has the right
to submit the motion to adjourn; but, inasmuch
as the Chair requested the gentleman from Geor-
gia to commit his motion to writing, and the
question itself is one of great delicacy and com-
plexity, he hopes that the motion will not be
pressed.
Mr. SMITH. I never saw the floor occupied
in this way before.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. The floor may
be occupied tor an hour, under the rule. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITH. Not without talking.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Amid the noise and
confusion prevailing m the Hall. I have been able
to reduce my motion to writing, and send it to
the Clerk's desk. I have not succeeded in put-
ting it in a shape to suit myself, as I have been
compelled to keep an ear open to hear what was
going on in the House.
The Clerk read the motion as follows:
The last vote exhibiting the fact that there is not a quo-
rum of members present, Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, moved
that, less than a quorum having the power under the Con-
stitution to compel the attendance of absent members, the
Speaker direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to summon and com-
pel the attendance of members now absent at the present
session of the House.
Mr. BALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr, CRAIGE. I make the point of order
that no business has transpired since the motion
was voted down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion is in order.
Mr. CRAIGE. What business has been
done J
The SPEAKER. There has been business
which will justify the repetition of the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. EDWARDS. I call for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Todd and
Winslow were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 43, noes 45.
Mr. HOFFMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—yeas 50, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Bdiinghurst, Broom, Buf-
fmton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis 1). Camp-
bell, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Dickson, Dodd, Edwards, Giddings,
J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Thomas R. Horton,
Knight, Knowlton, Lake, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
MeCarty, Millson, Moore, Moigan, Parker, Perry, Pike,
lteade, Robbing, Sabm, Sage, Scott, William It. Smith,
Sneed, Stanton, Todd, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Elihu
B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, and Zollicof-
fer—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
llowell Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Crawfoid, Florence,Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Hughston, George W. Jones,
J. Clancy Jones, Kidvvell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell,
McQueen, Meacliam, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Rutfin, Rust, Samuel A.
Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Wmslow, and John V.
Wright—44.
Pending the above call,
Mr. PtJRYEAR stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Branch.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that Mr. Ricaud
had paired off with Mr. Cobb, of Alabama.
The House then (at a quarter past five o'clock)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 28, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MINT OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the operations of the Mint
of the United States and its branches, including
the assay oflice, for the year 1855 ; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then stated that the first busi-
ness in order was the bill reported from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia in relation to
elections in Washington city.  
UNITED STATES ARMORIES.
Mr. GIUITMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to
report a joint resolution from the Committee on
Military Affairs. I would notmakethis request
for its introduction out of the regular order if the
committee had had an opportunity, during the
last ten days, of submitting a report to the House.
The matter involved is one of pressing urgency;
and when the resolution is read I am willing to
explain, if gentlemen so desire. I trust that there
will be no objection; that, at all events, the reso-
lution will be allowed to be read.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title, as follows;
Joint resolution relating to the public lands
appertaining to the Springfield and Harper's Ferry
armories and the Fayetteville arsenal.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask that the resolution be
read in full.
The resolution was read in extenso. It provides
that the Secretary of War shall be authorized to
exchange and convey the unoccupied lands and
appurtenances belonging to the United States,
known as the lower work-shops at the Spring-
field armory, in the State of Massachusetts, for
such other lands contiguous to the lands attached
to said armory, on the hill, at Springfield, as he
may deem necessary and proper for the improve-
ment and convenience of said armory; or, in his
discretion, to sell the said tract, and invest the
proceeds thereof, or such part as maybe required,
m the purchase of such land or lands contiguous
to the armory on the hill, as he may deem suitable
and proper; and that ho shall be authorized to
convey the titles of the United States to the lands
and appurtenances sold or exchanged, and to
receive from individuals or corporate authorities
the titles to lands so exchanged or purchased;
also, that the Secretary of War be authorized to
apply so much of the proceeds of the recent sale
of lands and lots at Harper's Ferry as he may
deem advisable, to the purchase of such other
lands at that place as he may deem necessary to
the safety and convenience of the public buildings,
and that he apply the residue of the proceeds of
said sale to the improvement of the property
retained by the United States; and, further, that
he be authorized to make sale of such portion of
the site of the United States arsenal at Fayette-
ville, North Carolina, as in his judgment is not
required for the public service, and apply the
proceeds thereof, or so much as may be neces-
sary, to the purchase of such additional land for
the use of said arsenal as he may deem necessary;
and that for this purpose he shall be authorized
to convey the title of the United States to the
land which he may sell, and to receive proper
deeds and titles to the lands which may be pur-
chased by him.
Mr. GIUITMAN. I ask that the resolution be
now considered and put on its passage.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to have the regular
order of business proceeded with.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the proposition of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi ?
Mr. MEACHAM. I do not object to it if it is
to consume no time, and does not retard the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. QJJITMAN. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
just read does not contemplate the appropriation
of one*dollar from the Treasury for the purposes
specified. It has been recommended by the ord-
nance officers and by the Secretary of War; and
I will say to the House, that it is necessary that
it should be put on its passage immediately, be-
cause if the United States do notmake apurchase
of the adjoining property within the approaching
two weeks, opportunity to do so will be lost.
The resolution has received the unanimous ap-
proval of the members of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; and as there is no appropriation asked
for—not a cent—but simply an exchange of lots
of land for the convenience and improvement of
these public establishments, I hope the resolution
will be read a third time and put on its passage.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 24; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Barclay, Bell, Ilendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bishop, Bowie, Brad-
shaw, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Butfinton, Burlingame,
James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carlile, Caruthers, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Clawson, t'lmg-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Ciaw-
foid, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Dick,
Dickson, Dowdell, Duifee, Edwards, Emrie, Ethendge,
Faulkner, Flagler, Giddings, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Herbert, 1-Iolfman, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
13. Horton, Hugllston, J.Glaney Jones, Kent, Kelsey, King,
Knowlton, Lake, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeCarty, McMuIlin, McQueen, Mcacham, Killian Miller,
MiUward, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Parker, Peck, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Porter, Poweif, Pnngle, Puryear, Quitman,
