754
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong •••• 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
to test you? real views on the subject of non-inter-
vention; but you as promptly voted it down,
say in? that they had no such right, but yet not
abating one iot or one tittle of your stickling for
what you call the rights of the people of the Ter-
ritories, and the want of power in Congress to
legislate for them.
Mr. President, the passage of that bill was an
unfortunate hour for this Republic. I felt it then;
and during that dark night I rose here, and told
you that f feared the knell of our Republic was
rung; that you had given it a wound under which
it would languish, and finally die. God knows 1
fear now that my prediction will be verified; for
all the evils which 1 then thought would arise out
of this dangerous and unjust legislation have come
upon us. This Government has beea legislating
for seventy years on matters connected with the
welfare of the American people: not always, per-
haps, in the wisest manner, but still so as to make
every one, proud of the American name, eager to
uphold the integrity of our institutions; but now
they have received a wound that makes every
patriot tremble, and induces him to pause aa he
attempts to lift the curtain which conceals the
future of this Republic.
For more than seventy years the rights of the
American people have been secured, and we have
heard of no civil war, no civil strife or contention
during this period; we have not heard of Ameri-
can blood shed by American hands on American
•oil, for the purpose of propagating any species
of political principle, or for defending or over-
throwing any of her institutions. Now, how-
ever, since the spoiler has come, and with him
this nefarious legislation, strife and contention
embitter one section of the country against the
other, so that it now requires all the coolncss of
the patriot to withhold his hand from rushing into
the arena of civil war. Sir, civil war, in fact, now
exists in your Territory, and it has been com-
menced for no other purpose but to carry slavery
into Kansas in the face of your specious legisla-
tion which was to leave the people free to legis-
late as they pleased on the subject.
I wish to know whether there is any party, or
any section in the Senate of the United States,
that can look with composure at the transaction
now going on in Kansas. I ask every man, no
matter from where he comes, if his blood does
not boil as he contemplates the acts of lawless
violence that are being committed there ? Does
any one suppose that these blows of civil war can
be given by one side for ever, and never be retal-
iated by the other ? I know, sir, that the northern
people are patient, long-suffering, and very slow
to anger; but if these things go on, the day will
come when they will think that forbearance ceases t
to be a virtue. It is doubtful whether their quiet j
is not a shame to-day. What have the free-State
settlers of Kansas done to justify the aggressions
of those who are attempting to propagate the in-
stitution of slavery?
I ask my colleague, [Mr. Pooh,] the advocate
of slavery, who stands here turning his back
coolly upon three fourths of the Legislature of
his State, putting them at open defiance; who has
never breathed here the name of liberty; whose
tongue has been employed, since he has had a
seat on this floor, in nothing but the advocacy of
abject slavery; and who, with an industry worthy
of a better cause, has hunted up and perverted,!
will say, the musty records of the early history
Govenlment> in the vain hope that he
could cull there someting on which to hang an
argument for eternal ^slavery;—I ask him, preju-
diced as he must be, what have the free-State
people of Kansas done that deserves robbery,
and murder, and the burning of their towns?
What have the free emigrants from Ohio done,
that they should be hunted down like wild beasts
'd .9 prairies of Kansas? Have they raised
their hands in ruthless violence against the insti-
tutions of their country? He denounced them
as traitors. Who have they betrayed ? What
law have they transgressed ? What injury have
they done? Echo answers—what? They have
gone there and taken up their claims for the
honest purpose of settlement. There is not a
single act of violence, or blood, or illegality, of
which they can be accused.
I am utiazed at the facility- with which some
I' men follow in the wake of slavery. Sometimes
1 it leads me even to hesitate whether 1 am strictly
correct in the idea that all men are born to equal
rights, for their conduct seems to contravene this
i doctrine. Sometimes 1 see in some men an ab-
jectness, a want of that manly independence
which enables a man to rely on himself and face
the world on his own principles, that I do not
know but that 1 am wrong in advocating univer-
sal liberty. I wish to Heaven all such were of
the African race.
I ask again, why are these men denounced as
traitors? What have the immigrants from Ohio
done to demand the fate which has been visited
on them? What had Brown done that he should
be met in the prairieB by five or six men who,
with • barbarity worse than that of the savage,
hewed him in pieces, and whilst dying from his
, ghastly wounds, threw him into the presence of
i his wife to distract her, dethrone her reason, and
j turn her out upon the world a raving maniac ?
What had Barber done?—a man who went from
Preble county, nearer my colleague's home than
| mine, who is certified to by all his neighbors as
one of the most inoffensive men in the world,
i who went into the Territory in good faith to seek
an industrious and honest livelihood. For no
other reason than that he held the principles
which 1 hold—for no treasonable acts, but barely
for the avowal that he loved freedom better than
slavery—he was hewed in pieces by men who
■ occupy important positions under this miserable
■ Administration, who still retain their places, and
who, I have no doubt, commended themselves
to the powers that be by the most deliberate
murders.
I know, Mr. President, that this is a hard in-
dictment; but it can neither be doubted nordenied.
Our country has come to a crisis which demands
all our wisdom to extricate her. 1 speak plainly
, of the evils which are existing, because we must
understand them before we can apply a remedy.
I believe, before high Heaven, that, in the history
of all men who were ever intrusted with the wel-
fare of mankind, the acta of none blacken the
pages of history more than those of Franklin
Pierce, the present President. The accusations
which I have made here are beyond the reach of
denial. The record is made up, and by that
record he shall be tried. It will not do now to
deny it. I impeach him of these crimes, and
those who believe he is guilty of them, and still
uphold him, are accessories after the fact.
The free-State men of Kansas have done no
wrong. Their only crime is that they loved free-
dom more than slavery. You cannot escape by
cries against the Aid Society; and yet here is a
sophistry thrown into the report of the committee
and the speech of my colleague, that it is a won-
| derful thing that, while Kansas is groaning under
all these evils, Nebraska is enjoying peace! The
Senator from Kentucky, in his argument yester-
day, thought it was a profound mystery now it
happened that, althougn the first bill proposed to
make but one Territory out of this great region, !
it was recommitted and afterwards reported as a
bill for two Territories. To one who did not look
behind the curtain, that would seem to be a little
strange. Why did you want two great Territories
with scarcely a white man in them? In my judg-
ment, when the first bill was reported, tne idea
was to make a slave State; but it was seen that
the Territory was so large that it would receive a
great population from the free States, and that it
would not be as likely that vour secret societies
for propagating slavery would be as successful in
the whole of it as by cutting it in two, and making
sure of one at all events, and trusting to luck for
the other. You cut it in two and commenced pro-
ceedings to propagate slavery in Kansas because
it lay alongside of Missouri, and it was therefore
easy to transport any number of Missourians
there to control the Territory. You thought you
could make it a slave State much easier than you <
could the whole region at first called Nebraska.
Why is it that there is no disturbance in the
present Territory of Nebraska?' Merely because
your secret society to propagate slavery by fraud
and force has not been in operation in that Ter-
ritory . Does any man suppose, for one moment,
that the southern States, intent upon making the
Territories slave States, would willingly adopt i I
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill as
preached by its northern advocates? We know
that they intend to bring slavery into the Terri.
tories. _ Can it be supposed, for a single moment,
that it is possible, by the vote of the people, to
make a slave State left perfectly free to the emi-
gration from the North, a population of fourteen
millions, to compete with a population of six
millions ? Southern em igration is not half as vig-
: orous as that from the North, to sny nothing of
the emigration from abroad. Did any man for a
moment believe that anything could be gained to
slavery by the faithful application of this princi-
ple? No, sir; they knew it well. Southern gen-
tlemen do not contend for that kind of squatter
sovereignty, but they put their faces like brass
against it, knowing that, if carried out in its true
: spirit, it would deprive them of all new territory
i forever. Hence they raise their voices against it.
When they sternly rebuked the advocates of
this squatter sovereignty, those gentlemen turned
round, and resorted to a miserable absurdity.
They do not say there is no such thing as popu-
lar sovereignty; but, if you consult the first re-
port of the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, you will fipd that he talks of a sovereignty
suspended in abeyance. Who ever heard of that
before? I have heard of bears and woodchucks
being suspended and in abeyance during the
winter, but I did not know that it applied to sov-
ereignty. I supposed that whoever possessed
j sovereignty coula exercise jurisdiction, or else
I there was no sovereignty at all. What an idea
to talk about sovereignty suspended in abeyance,
held in trust by the Congress of the United States!
It was a complete backing out; it was a repudia-
tion of squatter sovereignty at the bidding of
' those whose mandate some are accustomed to
obey. 1 have not had time to examine this latter
report of the Committee on Territories, but 1
doubt whether this doctrine is so mueh as named
there. I do not say that it is not mentioned, for
I have not read it. First, we were told that the
sovereignty was suspended in abeyance; then,
the first bill of the committee was abandoned;
and now another one is reported, tying up every
loophole of discretion in the people of the Ter-
i1 ritory, not leaving them a single thing on which
1 to legislate. 1 have inclined to suppose that even
the doctrine of suspended sovereignty held in
j abeyance is dropped, and I do not think it will
! wake up in the spring. It has done its work, and
, it will be heard of no more.
j I hope the people will not be troubled any
longer with a vain idea that there is to be a fair
competition for the Territories, and that the in-
habitants are to be allowed to frame their insti-
tutions as they think proper. How has it been
in Kansas? How is it there to-day ? How did
Mr. Atchison and Mr. Stringfellow and all Mis-
souri understand it? My colleague and the Sen-
ator from Illinois have argued that there might
be a majority of men there to make it a sl^ve
State, and seemed to be very much in hopes that
such would be the case; but they knew that it
was not so, for no man, no State, resorts to force
and fraud to accomplish that which can be ac-
complished in a legitimate and proper way. The
very fact that the people of Missouri crossed
over the line in great numbers, with arms, with
banners fiyingand drums beating, took possession
of the polls and drove away the inhabitants,
shows conclusively that they knew, if the people
were left to themselves, they would in a moment
make Kansas a free State. Why all this expense
and labor, and the commission of these egregious
crimes, if the purpose could be effected without
them? The fact is what every man would know
to be the case, even without understanding the
evidence; he would know that people emigrating
from a section containing fourteen millions would
outnumber those coming from a section of not
more than six millions. If left to themselves
they would have excluded slavery forever; and
hence the power of the General Government must
be invoked, and emigration must be fostered from
the southern States; even States must be appealed
to, and men must be sent and paid forgoing—not
to settle on claims and become actual residents;
for if that was the object, I, who approve the
conduct of the Aid Society, would not condemn
any man for that. If any man from the North
