1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
75 b
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
or the South has gone there for the purpose of |
makiii" that Territory his home, I have not one
word to say against him. Let him go there; let
him carry his principles with him; let him carry
tlieni out at the polls by his vote. If he is so
blind to his own interests, and so forgetful of the
rights of others, as to vote for slavery, I shall
deplore it; but I shall not raise my hand or my
voice against him. It stands confessed that the
pro-slavery men were outvoted; that the free-
State men were as three to one; that Missouri
and all the slave States were conscious of it; that
this miserable Executive was conscious of it; and
hence fraud, force, and violence, were resorted to
in order to accomplish that which could not be
accomplished in a legitimate way.
I could prove all that I have said in regard to
the iniquities enacted in Kansas by the documents
which were drawn reluctantly from the Executive
Department. I could sustain them by the state-
ment of Governor Shannon himself. I shall not
consume the time of the Senate now by reading
from these documents, but they are " confirma-
tions strong as proofs of holy writ " of every
word I have said. To establish that truth, it is
not even necessary to resort to that multitude of
witnesses who have now come up to stare you in
the face, and the people of the United States in
the face, and to astonish them by the damning
crimes which have been committed by persons
from the State of Missouri, and by your Execu-
tive.
I have here Governor Shannon's letter, but it
has been read so often that I shall not again read
it; but I will state its substance. Governor Shan-
non was inquired of as to the circumstances which
gave rise to the first rebellion, as it is called. It
appears that an oath was made by one man to the
effect that he had heard it stated, and believed it
to be true, that a man named Branson had threat-
ened his life. A peace warrant was issued, it is
said. We have not the warrant, nor anything
more than the bare statement of its having been
issued. This was the foundation of these pro-
ceedings. Officers were sent to arrest Branson on
this peace warrant—the lowest grade of all judi-
cial proceedings for the purpose of holding a man
to bail for good behavior, if peradventure he had
made sucha threatunder circumstances that would
justify the proceedings. Was not this a mighty
matter upon which to hang the revolution of
states and empires ? Governor Shannon invoked
the troops to help his officers because they could
not take Branson. Many an offender has run
away from one State to another without causing
revolution. These matters are regarded as of
very little consequence, for they are founded oit
the loosest of all affidavits. It was evident that
the object was not to take Branson; but Governor
Shannon telegraphed to the President that Law-
rence was in arms, and that he wanted troops to
put them down. About ten days afterwards,
alone and unattended, he ventured into the camp
of these rebels. He did not take the precaution
to have even a file of men with him, which shows
that Governor Shannon knew in his heart that
there was no danger, no rebellion. No man would
have ventured into the camp of the enemy unat-"
tended if they were in the state of notorious and
flagrant rebellion of which he had spoken.
When Governor Shannon went to Lawrence,
what did he find ? He says they told him they
were a peaceable people; had not secreted any-
body, and did not intend to do so. He says that
he believed all they said, and thathe had nothing
against them. Now, there is one circumstance
which it is necessary to consider, in order to show
the frame of mind which prevailed there. Gov-
ernor Shannon Says that tne people of Lawrence
were guilty of nothing, but that he had great
trouble to get away the troops, who were people
from Missouri that had gathered together to be-
siege Lawrence. This circumstance should be
borne in mind, because the men of Lawrence are
accused of flagrant treasons. Governor Shannon
says that the people of Lawrence were all right,
and that the difficulty was to get his troops to
disband without robbing and pillaging the town. I
will read what he says about his men at Lawrence,
as it is the clew to what lias since happened:
" Early on the morning of the 7th instant I repaired to
the camp at Lawrence, and found them busily engaged in
their fortifications and in drilling their forces, and had a ftill
and satisfactory interview with the committee appointed by
the forces in Lawrence, in relation to the impending diffi-
culties. So far as the execution of the laws was concerned,
we had no difficulty ill coining to a satisfactory understand-
ing. It was at once agreed thai the laws of the Territory
should have their regular course, and that those who dis-
puted their validity should, if they desired to do so, test that
question in the judicial tribunals of the country ; that, in
the mean time, no resistance should be made to their due
execution, and the citizens of Lawrence and vicinity were,
when properly called on, to aid in the arrest of any one
charged with their violation, and aid and assist in the pres-
ervation of the peace and good order of society; while,
on my part, I gave them every assurance in my power that
they should be protected in all their rights and defended
against any unlawful aggressions. It is proper 1 should say
that they claimed that a large majority of tliein had always
held and inculcated the same views."
Mark that, Mr. President; notice the confidence
] which Shannon had in those people. Not only
I were they innocent of any offense, but he stipu-
i lated with them to be the conservators of the
' peace. He satd these very rebels whom he went
i there to punish should be enrolled to keep the
I peace throughout the Territory. He then goes
on:
J " The assurances I received entirely satisfied me that no
one against ivhom a writ had issued was then in Lawrence;
that they hnd all fled, and that they were harboring, con-
cealing, or defending no one againsVwliom a writ had been
issued, and that hereafter there would be no combined
effort made to prevent the service of any process in the
county of Douglas. This was entirely satisfactory and all
that had been desired. But to satisfy the forces that sur-
rounded Lawrence so that they could be induced to retire
in order, was the great difficulty to be overcome. To issue
an order to the sheriff to disband his posse, and to Generals
Richardson and Strickler to disband their forces, would
have been to let loose this large body of men, who would
have been left without control to follow the impulse of
their feelings, which evidently was to attack and disarm the
people of Lawrence." '
That is it, sir; there was no trouble with these
rebels; all they did was right. The only trouble
was to get rid of the so-called law and order men
who had assembled to keep the peace. The Gov-
ernor goes on to tell us that he visited their camp
and found them sullen and revengeful. He found
that they meditated an attack on Lawrence at all
hazards. He told them that there was a mistake;
that the people of Lawrence were guilty of noth-
ing; that they were innocent men, observant of
the rights of others; but notwithstanding all this,
he had great difficulty to get rid of the law and
order men who had gone into the Territory to
keep the peace in Lawrence. In this connection
I will ask the Secretary to read a few lines from
the speech of the Senator from South Carolina, •
[Mr. Butler,] for I wish to have it understood
what kind of law and order people these men
were.
The Secretary read the following extract from
Mr. Butler's speech' of March 5:
" There never was a better illustration of his character
than the conduct he displayed in the expected tragedy at
Lawrence. I know the fact, and I state it on my authority,
as a truth not to be disputed, (because I have liis letters in
my drawer,) that, when that controversy arose, General
Atchison was absolutely called upon to attend General
Richardson's command, and he went, with a positive
pledge on the part of those with whom be was associated
that he should rather be the mentor than the leader; and
he has written to me that but for his mediatorial offices,
the houses of the people of Lawrence would' have been
burnt and the streets drenched in blood. An appeal was
made to him under circumstances which his*magnanimous
nature could not resist. He had thp courage to do a duty
..which, in its performance, might even offend his comrades
and associates—a courage much higher than that of meeting
an open enemy in the field. He effectually exerted his
influence, under the appeal made to him, to save from fire
and sword the village of Lawrence, the stronghold of the
aid-society emigrants. But for the gentle advice, and, per-
haps, controlling influence of Atchison, the houses of the
settlement would have been burnt and its highways
drenched with blood."
Mr. WADE. I call the attention of the Senate
to this, for it is pregnant with the most fatal
inferences to the integrity of that posse of troops.
The Senator from South Carolina, in endeavoring
to rescue Mr. Atchison from any imputations, has
£assed sentence on that army who surrounded
awrence and called themselves law and order
men, which puts in unmistakable colors the sav-
age atrocity that characterized those barbarians.
Why, sir, there is not an Indian tribe on the con-
tinent of America, that would threaten in time of
war to do the deeds against any settlement which
were threatened by these men surrounding Law-
rence, and which it took all the skill, all the ability,
all the influence, of their great chief and leader,
General Atchison, to prsvent from being perpe-
trated. They intended, he says, to burn the place
and drench the streets with the blood of the in-
habitants of Lawrence; and it was all their leader
could do to restrain them from this. Why, in the
name of all that is sacred, this infernal revenge
against the innocent people of Lawrence? Had
not the Governor of the Territory just told these
troops that he had been in Lawrence and found
nothing against the people there—that he was
| perfectly satisfied with them? But this had no
I effect whatever to mitigate the infernal atrocity
which seemed to actuate those hell-hounds who
surrounded that city. They wanted still to burn
the place, to drench the streets in the blood of
, the innocent men, women, and children of the
town; and he tells us in this letter, that when
I they were induced to leave, they left murmuring
' ana threatening that they would return again.
I had hoped, sir, for tne honor of human na-
ture, as well as for the peace of the country, that
this threat would never be attempted to be put
in execution; but alas! it has proved too true.
These monsters in human shape, who had gone
there, breathed nothing but revenge for fancied
j injuries when they had received none—wishing
| to wash their hands in the innocent blood of
| strangers who had done them no harm—retired,
reluctantly, murmuring, and threatening that at
some future time they would have their revenge.
Too well aided by this accursed Administration,
have they kept their word, and sacked and burned
Lawrence. Plying men, women, and children,
can attest how faithful they were to the nefarious
threat they gave out. They gave the Adminis-
tration notice of what they intended. Three
months before, we had on our tables these docu-
ments, accompanied by all this proof. The peo-
ple besought tne Executive to interpose the strong
arm of the General Government, to save their
wives and children from destruction, but he turned
coldly upon them. The South sent men there,
armed, not emigrants with an honest purpose of
settlement, but apparently for no other purpose
than to fight the sectional battles of Missouri
against the rights of the settlers. When these
things were done, you find the Executive of this
Government mustering into service, as constables
and magistrates, and arming with Government
arms this crew from the South, to let loose upon
the devoted inhabitants. Robbery, murder, rape,
arson—all these crimes stain the garments of this
disgraceful Administration. The blood of my
countrymen is on their skirts. I say it fearlessly.
I know it is a high impeachment that I make
against the President; but it is true, and it will
stare him in the face on the last day. It is true
that the -executive arm of the Government was
used to prostrate innocent men, women, and
children in the Territory of Kansas, to burn, rob,
and destroy the American citizen, despoil him of
j his rights," and drive him from his settlement.
All the noted men who, in this extremity, as-
serted their manhood, and interposed courage-
ously between the defenseless people and those
who sought their destruction, have been driven
and hunted out of the Territory as though they
were wild beasts. Many of them are in prison,
under mock process of law, to wait a mock trial,
and, perhaps, yield up their lives, a sacrifice on
the altar of liberty.
This is faintly the condition to which you have
brought the country. In four short years this
prosperous Republic, the pride and gloryof tho
world, has come ddwn to robbery, rape, arson,
and murder of its own citizens. Does any man
suppose that the people of the North will rest
quietly under this ? Gentlemen of the South, do
you suppose that you are going to force slavery
into Kansas? You have some reason to think
we are all cowards ; I know we have given you
too much reason to believe so ; but you will find
after all that there is aremnant of the blood of
Bunker Hill yet runrllng in the veins of northern
men. When driven to the wall th y will rise in
behalf of their slaughtered kinsmen, and prevent
those who have committed these deeds of atroci-
ty from taking the benefit of their nefarious acts.
I say it not by way of threat, but in vindication
of that section to which I belong: You have
driven us to the wall; not to turn would be dis-
honor, shame, slavery, and. death. You have,
forced the issue upon us. We mu3t turn and
