756
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 2,
34th Cong...c1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
resist these aggressions, or lie down and be will-
ing slaves. ,
Now, Mr. President, I have a few words to
say about the pretended Legislature of Kansas.
My colleague spoke about a great many technical
principles. He spoke about Governments de facto
and de jure, to show that, if a man usurped an
office and exercised it, his acts could not be trav-
ersed collaterally. Very well. Every justice of
the peace understands that. It may be well
enough for the mare lawyer, but it is a sorry
argument for the statesman. The Legislature
were in office, and Governor Reeder certified to
the election of some of them, and now American
liberty must be trampled under foot, in the face
of the whole world, because there is a certiorari
principle in the way. What a bold advocate for
American freedom, to be hemmed in by the chalk
line of a certiorari ! A great, notorious statesman,
on whom the world can depend to vindicate their
liberty, cloven down and sought to be reinstated,
tells them that he who is doing it has the certifi-
cate of a man calling himself the Governor; and,
Although you know it to be a usurpation, he is
an officer de facto, at all events, and you must lie
down under him! Thank God, the evidence at
this time does not leave any doubt. The execu-
tive officers themselves have furnished us enough
to show that no freeman on God's earth, who
intends to be such, would lie down under laws
made by such a tribunal as the documents show
that Legislature to have been.
My colleague and the Senator from Illinois
took much time to show that at all events the
majority of the Legislature had not been im-
peached by evidence of fraud; and although it
is as plain as the noonday sun, that this quorum
turned out all those legally elected, and putin
their old repudiated associates without color of
right, a certiorari principle came in, and liberty
must be trampled under foot! The documents
furnished by the Executive show that bands of
armed men came from Missouri,inmilitary array,
with drums beating and colors flying, and took
possession of not less than seven election dis-
tricts, and drove off the lawful judges of election.
In one instance they gave the judges five minutes
to make up their minds whether they would die
at the polls or leave them in the hands of the for-
eigners. This was done under the lead of the
much-lamented Jones, who, by the way, was
never shot, even in the back; but, if ever shot,
will be shot there.
The prooftaken by the committee of the House
of Representatives I understand to be perfectly
overwhelming to rob you even of the miserable
certiorari principle. It shows that two thirds of
all those who voted for the Legislature stole in
there by force, to rob American citizens of their
God-given right to the ballot-box. Here stand
the chiefs of the Democracy, saying that free-
men are bound to submit to the doing's of those
who have usurped authority, who have driven
them from the polls, and are ready to do the
voting for them. This is said to be a great Dem-
ocratic principle. I tell you, Mr. president,
that whenever the American people come to the
conclusion that they will patiently endure to be
governed by laws made for them by force and
fraud, they will not only be slaves, but they
ought to be slaves, and God Almighty made them
for slaves, as he did all those who are apologists
for such acts. It is a Democratic principle to
require the people to abide by the legislation im-
posed on them by a Legislature elected by the
inhabitants of a neighboring State, stealing in
there under the orders of a secret society to pre-
vent the real settlers from voting, by fraud, by
force, and by terror!
Now, sir, what was the character of the legis-
lation ? It was of the same bastard description
with the Legislature itself. It was a disgrace to
American citizens; a series of laws unknown to
the history flf American legislation. I know that
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes,] in a
speech made by him at an early period of the
session, said that the laws in Kansas, on the
subject of slavery, were not half severe enough;
that where they punished with the penitentiary
he would promptly punish with death. He pro-
claimed that there was not a State in the Union
which had not just such laws. I do not think he
has studied the legislation of the country out of
Tennessee, or even in it. I do not know what
are the laws of Tennessee, and I do not know
but that such legislation prevails in the southern
States generally, for I have not looked to ascer-
tain; but I will not believe, until I am compelled
by the inspection of the records to believe, that
American citizens anywhere succumb to such
miserable legislation as that. One law punishes
a man with long imprisonment for taking into
the Territory any book, document, writing, or
paper containing any statement, fact, orargument,
calculated to stir up the slaves to insurrection.
My colleague thought that was a pretty good
kind of legislation; or, at all events, that it was
that kind which they were obliged to make use
of in slave States, and would be good enough for
that reason. As he is an advocate for making
Kansas a slave State, he is an advocate for this
kind of law. The Senator from Tennessee sup-
poses that such laws exist in the State of Ohio !
Why, good Heavens ! there is not a boy in the
streets who would not contravene such a provis-
ion, and come within the penalties thirty times a
day. In Ohio the spcech and the press are as
free as the winds that blow across our fields. No
man stands there? to measure his words. If he
were to go to Kansas he would find this trap set
to catch him in its toils. What book could he
take there ? He must inspect his library very
closely; he must remember every word in his
books; he must leave out the best literature in
the English language, or he will be condemned
to five years' imprisonment at least in the peni-
tentiary. This is necessary, says my colleague,
in slave countries. That necessity shows one
thing which, under the providence of God, is
true—that either all must be slaves, or none. I
grant you that, if you have an institution so
odious to human reason, so tyrannical, that it
will not bear the light of day, you must guard it
by a cautious silence—the silence of the grave
must surround it. All despotisms have been very
sedulous in guarding the press, and in guarding
the words of their subjects. Why? Because it
is known their absurd doctrines will not bear the
light for a moment.
For this reason, I have proclaimed that there is
no more freedom, in the southern States, for the
white man than for the slave. He cannot say what
he wishes to say; he cannot preach what he would;
or he must be liable to these penalties. What in-
stitution did the Senator from Tennessee suppose
we had in Ohio, that we must guard it with this
flaming sword ? He must be utterly oblivious of
the institutions of my noble State. If we had such
an evil, that would not bear the light, instead of
admitting this Iqnd of guardianship, it would be
assailed Ly every tongue in the State, and demol-
ished at once. We raise no gods like these for
our worship, nor expose to penalties those who
will not fall down on their knees before them.
No, sir, we have no such laws; and the man who
thinks they are necessary has ceased to appreci-
ate the real feelings of a free man. Why, sir, you
cannot take the Declaration of Independence into
Kansas, without being obnoxious to the enact-
ment to which I have alluded; for what document
would be more likely to stir up the blood of serv-
itude than that glorious old declaration? Let if
ring in the ear of the slave, that all men, he in-
cluded, are created equal, and have certain in-
alienable rights, given by God, which cannot be
transgressed without high crime and wrong; and
where would you find a document so well calcu-
lated to britig a man within the penalties of this
law?
There is another One, of like import, that no
man- shall, by word or writing, say that men
have not the right to bring slaves into the Terri-
tory, without liability of imprisonment. I have
inspected that law; and, bad as it is, before
Heaven, as a lawyer, I declare, that I do not
believe there is any color of right for a man going
into the Territory with a slave. For saying this
in Kansas, which I can say here with impunity,
I should receive two years in the penitentiary,
and as much more as your beautiful judges there :
might choose to give. This law is sustained by
your chieftains of Democracy, leaders in Israel.
Is this Democracy?
Mr. President, t have detained the Senate much
longer than I intended. I am sorry to be com-
pelled to differ from my colleague on these sub-
jects. I am exceedingly sorry that, with a full
Knowledge of the views of three fourths of the
people of Ohio, whom he represents, whose sov-
ereignty he stands here to defend, he should think
it to be his duty to go directly in the teeth of the
instructions given by- the Legislature. They
believed they had the right to instruct him when
they were sustained by an overwhelming major-
ity of the people. However that may be, it 'is a
| matter which must be left to himself; for, after
j all, a man's judgment must be his guide. I can
. find no fault with it; but I regret that it should
' happen, because I am too much of a Democrat to
believe that a man, with a deliberate knowledge
of what is required at his hands by his constit-
uents who have thus given him specific instruc-
tions, would turn round, and, instead of obeying
their behests, ridicule them for what they have
done. This seems to me to be contrary to all the
wholesome principles of representative govern-
, ment. I leave my colleague with his constituents.
I am sorry that, after voting against their instruc-
tions, he should attempt to ridicule the arguments
made use of in the resolutions by which they
instructed him. At one time I thought of taking
up those resolutions and the argument which he
made, and to submit some remarks in justifica-
tion of the members of the Ohio Legislature. I
thought of unwinding it here, as I have done in
my own mind, on the investigations I have made
of the original documents of the history of our
country. I find, I must say, an almost total mis-
apprehension, and, in sofne instances, total and
complete, by my colleague, of the authorities.
: which he quoted. I have not now the time or
the strength to do this. If an opportunity shall
be presented hereafter, I may, perhaps, encounter
the gentleman on some portions of his speech,
where he has traversed the instructions of the
Legislature; but I am not prepared now with the
i necessary documents to do it.
I shall detain the Senate, Mr. President, but
a moment longer. I have spoken, as I always
speak, with some considerable degree of warmth
and feeling; because, in my judgment, no man
ever spoke on this floorunder circumstances more
important than those by which we are surrounded.
I think now is the time for us to divest ourselves,
t as far as possible, of all prejudices; and, in this
hour of our country's undoubted peril, we should
| endeavor, if possible, not to criminate or recrim-
I inate, but calmly to undo all those evils that
; threaten to overwhelm the Republic, and bring
on us a premature dissolution.
Mr. President, I have but a few words to say
in relation to the bill last reported from the Com-
mittee on Territories. It involves a total surren-
j der of the principles of the first bill. It seems to
j admit, impliedly, the spurious character of the
! Kansas Legislature. It no longer insists that
there must be inhabitants enough in the Territory
for a Representative in Congress before it can be
: admitted as a State. It also seems to have totally-
repudiated the principle of squatter sovereignty.
But my objection to it is twofold. It proposes
, to begin immediately to organize the Territory
! under all the disadvantages consequent upon the
late acts of violence there. In the first place, we
have seen that the free State population have been
1 conquered and subdued by the border ruffians,
aided by the Federal Executive. They have been
plundered of their property, their houses burned,
. and many of them have been murdered, and all
disarmed, the leading men in prison under false
charges, or driven from the Territory; therefore,
to take the census now, and get up a convention,
would be only carrying out the fjlan of those who
have conspired to make that Territory a slave
State; and even now, conquered and disheartened
as the free-State men are, even if an honest at-
tempt were made, under such circumstances, to
get up a convention, it would result in a triumph
of the conquerors, and I fear that a knowledge of
this has led to this change of policy on the part
of the committee. . .
But the bill put the whole power of organizing
the Territory into the hands of five commission-
ers', to be appointed by the President. That is
i enough for me to know. No one doubts that the
i President would appoint Atchison, Stringfellow,
