1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
him the troubie of talking. I have a report
hore.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. The gentleman
says lie has a report there. What amount does
that report recommend ?
Mr. LANE. I will read it. •
Mr. LETCHER. Just give me the amount.
Mr. Lane handed Mr. Letcher the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and the latter
read the following extract from a letter therein,
from the Secretary of War:
" War Department,
Washington, March,, 1856.
" Sir : In reply to your letter of the 10th instant, asking
my views as to the necessity or utility of certain loads in
Oregon Territory for the military service of the country, as
to the manner in which they should be constructed, and
lor estimates of their probable cost, I have to state that my
views in reference to the utility of the road from Astoria to
Salem, for militaiy purposes, are contained in a letter from
this Department to the Committee on Military Affairs,
House of Representatives, of January 16, 1855, a copy of
which is inclosed herewith. At the time when tins letter
was written, the route over which it is proposed to carry
the road liaa not been examined, and had piobably never
been traversed by any one. The general character of the
country between the two points was, however, known;
and from the experience had in opening roads under simi-
lar circumstances in the Pacific Tcrutories, it was thought
that one could be made between these pomt«s, practicable
for the passage of wagons, for about the sum appropriated.
As soon as the appropriation was made, an otliecr was as-
signed to the duty, and instructions issued to him. This
onieer, after au examination of the giound, lot warded an
estimate prepared by himself; and a revised estimate was
also received frotn theoflicei having general charge of top-
ographical duties jm the J'aeitie coast; both of which
weie for a road of^i moie costly character than that con-
templated in my instructions, winch intended simply an
open way, wide enough for the passage of wagons, bur ap-
pear to have been misapprehended. The road pioposcd by
them was to be cleared entirely of tiees, biush, and lallen
timber, for a width of thiity-tlnee (33) teet, and all loots,
stumps oftiees, and other obsti notions, woie to bo entnely
icmoved from a carriage-way sixteen and a half feet wide,
&e., &c., ice. The estimated cost of the road, built in this
manner, for the distance of bixty miles, the length of the
l oad required, was $*.2,000 per mile, exclusive of two budges,
the cost of one of which was $1,000. This would io<jimo
an additional apprbpiiution of about $100,000. I do not
recmnmcnd the construction of a road of that dun-actor,
nnd have directed that inductions be issued to the officers
in charge to hunt their opeiations to opening such a load as
was designated by inc. It is piobable that Mime additional
iirjans may be required for that purpose—*ay $10,000."
Now, sir, so far as that is concerned, it does
not seem that there lias over been any survey
made at all of the route over which this road is
to be constructed. And, sir, I should like to know
why there is this discrepancy of $45,000? Where
does this estimate of $55,000 come from in the
first place? If there was an estimate ol $55,000,
how corncs this discrepancy of $45,000 ? Besides
that, this bill, as originally introduced", contained
an appropriation of $115,000. But the Military
Committee have cut it down to $70,000.
The Territory of Oregon has already, during
the right years of its territorial existence, re-
ceived $90,000 lor the construction of roads within
its limits. If this bill is passed, the amount for
that purpose will reach $160,000.
Now, sir, it seems to me, from the very decla-
rations contained in that report, that, so far from
this being a military wagon road, it is to be a road
for the convenience of the Territory of Oregon. It
is to be for a carriage way and wagon way; to be
clear of roots; thirty-three feet in width, and all
that sort of thing—showing that it is to be of a
permanent character, for the use of the people of
the Territory, rather than for any military purpose
■whatever. That is my objection to it.
Again, if the Territory of Ohio and the Terri-
tory ofTennessee, in the early days of the Gov-
ernment, could get along, and the Government
could get along, during their territorial existence,
without a single solitary military road in them,
why is it necessary now to appropriate $100,000
for military roads in the Territory of Oregon?
"We know the fact, from the document before us,
that not a dollar was appropriated for the con-
struction of military roads in Ohio during the
fifteen years of its territorial existence. Was
there no need of military roads in Ohio then?
And if not, what is there m the condition of
things in Oregon to make it necessary now that
so large an amount should be expended there for
.that purpose ?
Mr, .LANE, ft is always painful for me to
find myself compelled to occupy a position in
opposition to my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.] I entertain very great respect for
his opinions and judgment upon questions gen-
erally; but, I am sorry to say, not in this special
case. .
Mr. Chairman, this bill, as it now stands, pro-
vides for an appropriation of $10,000 for the com-
pletion of a military road from Astoria to Salem,
in Oregon. Astoria stands upon the bank of the
Columbia river, near its mouth, and is accessible
with Salem and the country in the vicinity only
byi river; that river which rises in the Rocky
Mountains, which runs through the cohlest por-
tions of our Territory, whose waters are at all
times nearly as cold as ice, and which freeze
every cold winter, and often remain frozen for
weeks, during which time the whole Willamette
valley is entirely inaccessible from our principal
sea-port town; and in ease of the invasion from
any foreign Power, the whole country could be
taken before any troops could possibly arrive
from any other portion of the Territory unless
some facility for the transportation of troops and
munitions of war be provided. There has never
been a military road contemplated in any of the
Territories, so essential to the protection of the
Territory as that road. If it is right and proper
to provide for the defense of the country—if it is
proper to provide facilities for the transportation
of troops from one military point to another,
where such facilities do not already exist, then it
is right and necessary to provide for the con-
struction of this road, and the appropriation
ought to be $55,000 instead of $10,000; and I
hope this committee will make it so, the opinion
of the Secretary of War to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sir, during the last Congress provision was
made for having this route surveyed. Lieutenant
Derby, of the United States Army, an officer in
the corps of topographical engineers, an able and
skillful officer, proceeded, as directed, to the
discharge of that duty. Upon an examination of
the country, he declared it to be of high military
importance that the road should be built, and
accordingly recommended to the War Department
that $55,000 should be appropriated for the open-
ing of that road—not for the convenience merely
of the people of Oregon, but for the military de-
fense and safct)*- of the Territory. The Secretary
of War, however, has seen lit to disregard that
recommendation; and the Military Committee,
acting upon his estimate, has cut the amount from
$55,000 down to $10,000. fie thought that aroad
merely passable for wagons was all that was
necessary. ' But, sir, any one who is acquainted
with the geography of that country, knows that
the road runs over high mountains, and through
a dense forest, in which large trees are occasion-
ally falling, that the road would soon become so
blocked up as to bo of no service to the country
whatever. -
Sir, in consideration of the condition of the
country in the vicinity of Astoria—m considera-
tion of the fact that the Indians in that neighbor-
hood, who are now quiet and peaceable, should
they become hostile, could destroy all the settle-
ments in that portion of country 
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Sid^y Webster,
his Private Secretary, (the Speaker having tempo-
rarily resumed the chair for the purpose,) an-
nouncing that he had approved and signed sundry
bills.]
Mr. LANE. I desire to say but a word in ad-
dition, if the committee will allow me. 1 desire
that this committee wjII not disregard the recom-
mendations of the officer who was sent out to
make these surveys, and to make estimates for
the construction of the work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LANE. I desire to say a few words
more.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amendment
to enable the gentleman from Oregon to go on.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LANE. In ord°r to make the statement
I desire,! move to strike out the words ten
thousand" from the amendment of the committee,
and in lieu thereof, to insert the words "fifty-five
thousand," the amount recommended by the en-
gineer who surveyed the route. The committee
will understand that I do not offer the amendment
on my own responsibility of my own knowledge of
the country; it is offered on the survey and esti-
mates of the probable cost of the road by an
efficient public officer. The bill was drafted in
accordance with that survey and estimate. The
amount of appropriation has been reduced by the
committee from $55,000 to $10,000. I only pio-
pose to put the bill in its original shape; nothing
more. This road is necessary for the protection
of the Territory.
Up to the present moment the Government has
not taken any steps to establish an^kind of for-
tification or defense at Astoria. Not one dollar
has been appropriated for the defense of that
coast. The only way in which wc can at
ent defend Astoria, either from an Indian onror-
eign foe, is by sending down there the people of
the Willamette valley; and the only way to do that
with any sort of expedition, is by means of this
proposed road. Suppose the river be not frozen
—the enemy, with one small war vessel, could pre-
vent any small steamer running on our rivers from
running down the stream, in a military point
of view, iiyill be perceived, then, that the road is
indispensRle to the safety of tlffe country. It can-
not be made for less than fifty-live thousand dol-
lars. With the considerations before the com-
mittee, we should disregard the recommendation
of the Secretary of War that there should be
only a passable wagon road through the forests,
and pass the bill as it was originally framed.
The recommendation of the Department for the
other road is explicit. The road from Scottsburg
to Fort Lane, and to Camp Stuart, is absolutely
necessary. The Government cannot do without
it; they must have it. Scottsburg is the sea-port
town, where are landed Government supplies.
From thencc those supplies have to be trans-
ported to the place where the troops are posted;
and owing to the impassable condition of the
road, I have known fourteen dollars the hundred
paid for transporting supplies from Scottsburg to
Fort Lane.
Now, sir, make this a good wagon road, and
the transportation could be done for less than one
half this price. The road has been asked for by
the officers of the Army. They have estimated
its probable cost. They have recommended it,
and the Secretary of War has approved their
estimates. But the other road is not so weil
treated. The appropriation is cut down from
$55,000 to $10,000. My object can as well be
reached if the House will refuse to agree to the
committee's amendment. I withdiaw my amend-
ment, and ask that the committee's amendment
be voted down.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the committee; and it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to bo
reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass.
MILITARY ROAD IN WASHINGTON TERRI-
TORY.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of a bill (H. It. No. 422) for the construc-
tion of a military road between Fort Steilacoom
and Bellmgham Bay, in the Territoiy of Wash-
ington. The bill, which was read, appropriates
the sum of $35,000 for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. GROW, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
BRIDGES AND ROADS IN MINNESOTA TER-
RITORY.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of a bill (H. 11. No. 428) making appropri-
ations for the bridging of streams and opening
roads in Minnesota Territory.
The bill was read in exlcnso. *
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any recommenda-
tion from the Department for that bill?
Mr. FUJI ViANCE. There is a letter from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which I pend to
the Clerk's desk to be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office of Jxdian Affairs, may 27, 18.7*.
Sir: Thave the honoi to acknowledge the receipt of jour
Ieitei of tlie 23d instant, iciative to the proposed nnpiove-
ment by the Government of certain roads in tho Teintory
of Minnesota, and ierjnesting my opinion m iegard to the
propnety of biich improvements, an<l the ellect they may
be expected to produce upon.the condition of the Indian
tribes m that country.
In reply, I have to state that there are within the limits
