1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
of the Teiritory, at present, uvo reservations for the Sioux
Indians, one for the IVmnebagoes, and nine tor the Chip-
pewa bands*—the Indians thereon numbering upwards of
eleven thousand souls; to whom the Government is each
year paying large annuities in goods and provisions, which
have to be transported to them at a very heavy expense.
I entertain no doubt whatever of the propriety of the pro-
posed appropriation for the improvement of the roads in the
Territory, to which you refer; and I am well persuaded
that the effect of the judicious expenditure of the money
wdl be such, by the reduction in the present high rales of
tiansportation paid by the Government, as to save, in a few
yeais, the whole amount of the proposed appropriation.'
Its effect upon the Indians cannot but be favorable.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. W. IVIANYPEjVNF, Commissioner.
Hon. II. M. Rice, House of Representatives.
Mr. LETCHER. This bill comes in, it seems,
upon a new platform. Heretofore roads were con-
stitutional if they happened to be military; but
now they ate constitutional if they happen to be
recommended by the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs. Then they were constitutional if they were
for carrying- munitions of war for tlie purpose of
defending the country; now they are constitu-
tional if they are for carrying goods to be dis-
tributed amongst the Indians. I^ow, I have no
great hopes that any of these things can be de-
feated, because I think it is the fixed purpose of
the majority in this House to spend the money
•anyhow. They have shown a pretty strong dis-
position to go it upon ail occasions; and, as they
ire to be responsible before the country for the
Expenditures of this Congress, if they choose to
make appropriations of this kind, let them come
out openly when they shift the grounds on which
they make them. They told us before, that they
were constitutional because they were military
roads. Let them come up now and say, that the
construction of roads, no matter where or for what
purposes, is within the limits of the constitutional
power of this Government, and that appropri-
ations for them ought to be made by the Congress
af the United States.
Mr. GROW. The Government of the United
States,under the treaty-making power, has made
treaties with the Indians, which provide for the
distribution of certain goods, and fix the places
for that distribution; and the Government, I take
it, must provide some means of transportation for
those goods. These roads, as I understand it, are
for that purpose. The Delegate from Minnesota
is, of course, more familiar with the facts than
I am.
Mr. RICE, The gentleman from Virginia read
•. statement, the other day, in reference to the
appropriations for the Territories, prepared by the
Secretary of State. That statement is incorrect
in many respects, and in others it had a tendency
to mislead the House. His object was to satisfy
the committee that the Territories were getting
too much of the Government pap. Now, look at
the case as it is. lie said that Ohio, and Indiana,
and Tennessee, whilst Territories, received 110
appropriations for roads, i have not had time to
examine the facts, but I presume that lie is cor-
rect. But after they became Slates, Ohio and
Indiana received millions of' dollars, not only in
money, but they both received grants of land.
Tennessee received several ' appropriations of
money for the eonstruetion of Toads, after she be-
came a State; and let me say to the committee
that the State of Virginia has received more money
for building roads than any Territory in this
Union.
Mr. READY, (interrupting.) Did I under-
stand the Delegate from Minnesota to say that
the State of Tennessee had received money for
the construction of roads ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. READY. Will he state how, or when ?
Mr. RICE. I cannot do that exactly. If 1 had
the Statutes at Large, I could refer to some three
appropriations authorizing money to be expended
by the President for the o])emn£ of postal com-
munications.
Mr. READY. Tennessee has received some
small amounts for the improvement of the Ten-
nessee and Cumberland rivers.
Mr. RICE. I know that; that is another mat-
ter. I do not pretend to say that this was wrong.
I have nothing to do with State matters; but
whenever anything for the benefit of the. Territo-
ries comes up there is a great outcry raised. The
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] after
reading what he did, ought in fairness to have in-
formed the committee what had been done for
Virginia. How much money did she receive for
the construction of the Dismal Swamp canal?
Congress has appropriated at least two millions
of dollars to construct a canal to bring wealth
from the mountains and the valleys and pouritinto
the very bowels of old Virginia. But she is a
great State—u the mother of States and states-
men, " who are the fathers of Democracy and
other great institutions.
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man has just inquired, what has Virginia re-
ceived from the Government of the United States
for her Dismal Swamp canal? I tell the gentle-
man, just nothing. The Government of the
United States purchased stock in the Dismal
Swamp canal, and got it on much better terms
than other stockholders, and it now holds that
stock, which is very valuable stock. The gen-
tleman is answered.
Mr. RICE. 1 stand corrected if I was in error.
I admit that I am not very familiar with the acts
of Congress; but there are some facts that I do
know, and I know that our Territory has been
plastered over with Virginia and other military
land warrants; and I do believe that the old
soldiers in Virginia will never die out so long as
there is an acre of public land remaining. [Laugh-
ter.]
I hope the committee will pardon me for having
spoken of matters not connected with Minnesota.
I knuw what aie the duties of a Delegate here,
and I have endeavored to maintain my position,
and not meddle with the affairs of otliexs. But
whenever the Territories are brought up, some
groat scarecrow is raised.
Now look at the ease as it stands, and I appeal
to the justice of'this committee to set us right.
The Indians that occupied Illinois, Iowa, and
Wisconsin, have been removed into the Terri-
tory of Minnesota. There are some thirty or
forty thousand Indians there. They are settled
upon leservations scattered from one end of the
Territory to the other. The laws of the United
States prohibit a white man from cutting down
a tree or marking out a road in the Indian country.
He is liable, for so doing, to imprisonment and
a heavy fine. Yet these reservations are so placed
between our settlements that the citizens, in many
instances, cannot get from one hamlet to another
without going a great distance round. These
reservations belong to the Indians, and we cannot
tax them. He asks why we do not build our
own roads? The men going; to that Territory are
poor. They go there for the purpose of benefit-
ing their condition; and, while they are standing
there witJi a hoe 111 one hand and a rifle in the
other, the gentleman from Virginia calls upon
them to make roads—and for what? To make
the land valuable that has bf en taken up by mil-
itary land warrants. Is it right? Is it just, that
the people of a Territory should construct roads
for the benefit of the Geneial Government and
non-residents ?
Again: the gentleman speaks of the Constitu-
tion. He may interpret it correctly; I know he
does it honestly. But it seems to me that, after
this Government hasgot millions and millions of
acres of land fiom the Indians, and paid them at
from three to five cents arPacre, this great Gov-
ernment should certainly keep inviolate its treaty
stipulations. The Government agreed to deliver
annually annuities to the Indians, and, in most
cases, they have failed to deliver them at the times
specified, because there were no roads.
I will now send up, and ask to have read, an
extract from a letter from the agent of one of these
tribes, and will appeal to the humanity of the
committee 011 behalf of the Indians:
Ac?\-(:y, Dcci'tnlcr 2^ lc5.">.
Sip.- Weha\e this day fun-nrc! i--utu$r the annum  nous
to the Ii-dian>. Tli-'nc woie MXtcfU hundicd and lo;i)-
thiee pre>rat.
The goods woie not delivered here m ^ea«on to he i-su^d
sooiu'i- We have woi ked da\ and night .since w t  got them
—the theihiotuuei Kinging (Vow twenty to toity di'iMceo
below zero. J. E. FLETCHER,
United States indiuu Agent.
To Hon. H. M. IIice.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota has evidently been mistaken in one matter
—in regard to the Dismal Swamp canal; and is
iust as much mistaken in regard to another—the
'Cumberland road. If he would take the trouble to
look at the vote m reference to the appiopriation.
for that Cumberland road, he would find that
Virginia voted then, as now, against these appro-
priations of money from the Treasury. He will
remember, also, that the way the Cumberland
road happened to go through Virginia at all was,
that they could not possibly get in any other
direction to the State of Ohio. They were
obliged to go through our territory, or not at all.
It was not by Virginia votes mat" any portion of
that road was made.
But the gentleman appeals to the House to do
justice to these Territories on another ground.
He says that Virginia revolutionary land war-
rants are shingling these Territories all over, and
that he verily believes that the soldiers of the
Revolution will never all die out in Virginia. I
should be very glad to know that they were
not all dead, and not all likely to die. It would
be a source of gratification to me to be able to
hold these men up before the rising generation,
as examples of sound legislation and of patriotic
virtue. But as far as that is concerned, these
land warrants were given to them for their ser-
vices. They were entitled to be located there;
and when the gentleman seeks to call up the pre-
judices of the House against Virginia, because
of the issue of these warrants, then let him remem-
ber that Virginia gave an empire to the very sec-
tion of country to which he belongs, without
asking a solitary cent by way of compensation.
Now, after having made this gift to the United
States for the cause of peace, in order to heal dis-
turbances and divisions that might occur among
other States, because of this empire held by Vir-
ginia, it ill becomes those who occupy that great
West now to come and charge Virginia, when
she is getting only her share of what she ceded
to the others. -
Mr. RICE. Minnesota is not charging Vir-
ginia, but merely fending off and protecting her-
self against the contemplated wrong.
Mr. LETCHER. Contemplated wrong by us!
Now let us see what the wrong to that Territory
has been. It was organized on the 3d of March,
1840; and to say nothing of other appropriations
of money rfiade to that Territory, m the period
of seven years it has received for its executive,
legislative, and judicial purposes, for its public
buildings, and for its roads, $481,150.
Mr. RICE. And it has turned into the Treas-
ury millions.
Mr. LETCHER. Talk about unkind treat-
ment to a Territory when it has received appro-
priations like that! But the gentleman says it
has turned into the Treasury millions. How?
For land belonging to the Government, and not
to her. Turned into the Treasury what is our
own—that which this Government owned—that
which it has put up and sold and acquired money
for; and because that money is paid into the
Treasury, the gentleman from Minnesota claims
crcdit for it against the appropriations mado
directly out of the Federal Treasury—out of
your money, sir, and mine, and that of every
other Representative in this House. It seems to
me that we have been liberal with this Territory.
She has gotten more than any other Territory
that has been formed under this Government for
these three purposes alone, to say nothing of
appropriations for legislative libraries, and for
other puiposes. It seems to me, then, that there
is no just reason to complain. We have been
liberal w^h her in making military roads, for the
, construction of which she has received $200,000.
' And when no other military roads are to be
made, wc are now called upon to do—what? To
make Indian roads.
, Mr. RICE. I wish to state that these roads
are not a&ked for for territorial purposes alone.
It is my duty here to represent the Indians of that
Territory as well as the whites. I ask this on
their account, in part. Their annuities were to
| be paid to them last summer, but the Govern-
ment could not get the supplies into the country
until December. A^'ain: we have never cost the
; Government of the United States one dollar for
Indian wars; and I believe that, had there been
liberal appropriations for Florida, and Washmg-
; ton. and Oregon Territories, in opening roads,
1 millions and millions of dollars would have been
: saved to the Treasury. Roads into the Indian
f country are worth more than forts, for an Indian
! dreads the white man's trail as much as a tyrant
! does the Declaration of Independence. We live
: in a distant Territory. If an Indian war were to
