SIUNAI. GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Focrth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1856.
New Ssries. .. ,N<j. 49.
like to have stand on their own merits, whateve*
ihey may. be. I desire to make an additional re-
mark, for the purpose of having it understood
tiiat, in regard to Buffalo, Chicago, and some
other applications that have beeft made here, I am
willing to vote upon them on their merits; but I
ask the,House to pass upon these cases separately,
commencing with the one now under considera-
tion; and by that means prevent any combinations
or log-rolling on the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt about that.
I know that my friend from New York made a
very gallant fight against this combination of
custom-houses and marine hospitals; and especi-
ally was he gallant until they rather overreached
him by putting in Buffalo. I believe he then
voted.in favor of the proposition.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me say that they increased
Mobile also, in the gentleman's own State, I be-
lieve.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all, Mr. Speaker.
The gentleman speaks without the rccord. If he
does not recollect, he will find by reference to the
Journal, that I pursued precisely the opposite
course from that of the gentleman from New York.
But that is not the point I propose to present.
There seems, Mr. Speakej, to be a fault some-
where in connection with these custom-houses.
If they were built on plans submitted by the
Treasury Department, and if they were defective,
why then we know where the fault is; but if the
plans originated in tlie legislation here, then the
fault is here. And I propounded the question to
the gentleman from New Yox-k, not for the pur-
pose of making opposition to this enlargement;
if it be proper—I am without information on that
subject—I desire, however, to bring before the
House the fact that the plans did not originate
in this House, but originated m the Treasury
Department. That is the place where they ought
properly to have originated, and from which they
should have been presented to the House. That
is the fact I desired topresent, so that the House,
and the committees of the House mightbe excused
from any portion or share in the fault which seems
to be attached now to this building, because of its
want of size.
I agree with the gentleman from New York,
that we should consider these things as they are,
separately and distinctly on their own merits. I
have not read the papers to which he has made
reference. I do not care to read them. I am
willing that the House shall take such course as
it deems proper. My only purpose was to bring
the fact before the House, so as to show where
the censure should rest, if it should rest any-
where.
Mr. HAVEN. Allow me this additional word,
and I will not trespass on the time of the House
any further. It is true that the gentleman from
Alabama did pursue a somewhat different course
from what I did, on this subject, two oh three
years ago. It is true that, whether by his course,
or by some other means, a much larger appro-
priation was made for Mobile than the people on
the lakes got for their cuatom-houses. I wish to
say this, however, that the rather sloping intima-
tion (if I may be pardoned the expression) which
my friend makes toward the Secretary of the
Treasury in reference to this business, is not, I
think, fairly due. I will stand by him in all of
what I believe to be his virtuous acts. Now, it
is true that the applications or estimates for this
and for other new appropriations for custom-
houses came from the Secretary of the Treasury;
they came very late in the first session of the last
Congress, when a very large amount of business
was crowded upon his attention. It is true that
he did then make three or four plans for houses
such as, in his opinion, would bo suitable for the !
different classes of locations where they were to
be built. But it was impossible for him to give
the exact recommendation for what was needed
in every instance on such short notice.
It is equally true that my friend from Ala-
bama—and I do not complain of it; I went with
him, and I think he was right—but I say it is
49
true that my friend ahd I were opposed to con-
tinual annual appropriations to finish buildings
of this kind, which had then been appropriated
for. We both traveled the same road until we
came to the forks, and theri he took one road and
I the other. I insisted that the buildings which
had been begun ought to be completed; and I
alsb insisted that the legislation which had gone
on theretofore, should not be proceeded with
further; and that, thereafter, when Congress ap-
propriated a certain sum of money to complete
a certain building of this class, the officers of the
Government should be held responsible for carry-
ing out the intention of Cpngress and completing
the building within the amount so appropriated.
The legislation on the subject was then, upon
my own- motion, placed in a condition to effect
the general views 1 entertained, and to restrict
the Secretary of the Treasury, in completing the
buildings, to the moneys appropriated in each
case, and throwing very stringent guards and
protection against a careless, improper, and neg-
ligent or inattentive course of action upon any
officer of the Government having the matters in
charge.
It was under that new system of legislation
that this building was commenced. And as I
have said, I wish to do ample justice to the
Secretary of the Treasury in this matter. Under
that legislation he has purchased a site and made
a contract for the completion of such a building
as contemplated—that is, eighty-five feet long and
sixty wide. Under that contract, the contractor
has gojae on and made the necessary excavations
and laid the foundations, and is to proceed im-
mediately, as soon as the weather will permit, to
construct the walls upon the dimensions origin-
ally prescribed. It is for this reason that I ask
that this additional appropriation may be made
now, so that the contract may be entered into at
once for the completion of the entire enlarged
building secured, without incurring the additional
expense that will be required for the enlargement
if the walls are completed on the original plan
and of the original size. It is absolutely neces-
sary that the enlargement should be made for the
accommodation of the post-office, court-rooms,
and custom-house, at that point. The present
build ing will be scarcely sufficient to accomm odate
the post office itself. It is important that the ap-
propriation should be immediately made,*tf it is
to be made at all. The season lias arrived when
business is opening. 1 trust, Mr. Speaker, that
spring is about smiling upon us; and it brings
with it this necessity of mine, which I beg the
House now to supply.
I therefore beg pardon of the House for occu-
pying so much of its time with this matter; and
if no one wishes to speak, I will conclude what
I have to say by moving the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very glad to see that
jay friend from New York has undertaken so
promptly, in advance, to defend the Secretaiy of
the Treasury; and especially to defend him against
what he calls these sloping insinuations. 1 will
not undertake to say whether they are sloping,
or horizontal, or how they are. What I intended
to do was to make a simple statement of fact, and
I will not undertake to say whether it was an in-
sinuation, or what it was.
I take it for granted, that if this building was
commenced under the legislation of Congress,
the committee which originally had charge of the
subject, had before them plans, specifications,
and estimates for the completion of the whole
building, and it was their duty to have made rec-
ommendations for the construction of sueh a
building as the wants of the locality required.
And if a building lias been commenced that is
one third too small, 1 want the country to know
where the responsibility should rest. If it falls
upon myself and my colleagues upon our com-
mittee, be it so. But if it should turn out that
they acted upon the plans, specifications, and esti-
mates sent to them by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, then certainly the committee and the House,
ara clear of all responsibility in the matter.
Now, sir, if this is a charge or an insinuation,
w,hy the geiftleman must get along with it ttis
best way he can. What I stated was to draw out.
a fact which I thought it importapt for the Hoiiso
to know.
Again, sir, the gentleman Says that he and I
parted at the forks of the road, and that he pur-
sued the course of having the buildings which
had been commenced on the part of the Govern-
ment completed by the Government, while I
took the other fork; and while I could vote noth-
ing for Buffalo, I still went for the completion of
a'custom-house which had been commenced in
my own State. It is true, as he says, that, up to
the point which he mentioned, he went with me
upon the same road, or rather, I should say, I
went with him. 1 followed his lead in opposi-
tion to the enormous and continued appropria-
tion for custom-houses and marine hospitals, for
there were then included appropriations for the
marine hospitals which the Secretary of the
Treasuiy ntyv wants to rent or lease out or arrest.
Sir, if Congress had made appropriations in ac-
cordance with the line of policy of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haven] and myself, when
we desired to curtail these expenditures, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would not be here now-
asking the sanction of law to lease out the marine
hospitals of the country, built at the expense of
the Government.
Now what I insist on is, that the officers of the
Government, I care not whether they pertain to
this Administration or to any other, when they
come here with plans, specifications, and estimates
for a public building, and Congress adopts their
recommendations, shall be required to carry out
their own plans with the money thus given.
But the gentleman speaks of the Mobile cus-
tom-house. It is true the appropriation for that
building has been very much enlarged. And it
is true also, that that is, in my opinion, a very-
important point, though it is not m my district.
But, sir, it is not true that I advocated the appro-
priation which was made for its enlargement. I
was opposed to all that class of appropriations,
and I voted against this as well as the others. I
did it for the reason that I believed the first plan
for that building was sufficient in size; and, in
respect to its being fire-proof, for all the require-
ments at that point. But, sir, Congress made the
appropriation, as it has made'additional appro-
priations for all these buildings, year after year,
and session after session.
This is all I have to say on the subject. I do
not propose to make any particular objection to
the appropriations which the gentleman from
New York now asks, but I thought it due to
.myself to make the statenjflht which I have
made. W
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any recommenda-
tion for this increase from the Treasury Depart-
ment?
Mr. HAVEN. Yes, sir; and another from the
Postmaster General.
Mr. LETCHER. Let them be read.
The Clerk read th JSocuments alluded to, as
follows:
Treasury Department, March 5,1856.
Sir : In conformity to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives. of tlie 2Rth February, that tlie Secretary of the
Trexsurv i eport to ttuw Ilou^e hiw opinion whether the build-
ing m proec^ ot'connrucuon at Buffalo for a custom-house,
po t office, oouit-i'ooms and for other offices, is of suffi-
cient size to answer properly the several purposes for which
it is intended, 1 have the honor to state that tins Depart-
ment does not decra the building of sufficient size to ac-
commodate the business of the different branches of the
public semce for which it was designed. In view of this
tact, and m eoinoliance with the oolution of the House, I
(.end herewith the front elevation of the Buffalo custom-
house, with an addition of twelve and a halt feet to each
end, making the Ituiliira? one hundred and ten feet long by
sixty lcet. A bnilding of that size would, ill the opinion of
tins liepairincnt, he adequate to the public wants. To build
such addition would require an additional appropriation of
^U,OUO, and ten per cent, thereon for contingencies.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully.
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury^
II Hon.N. P. Banks, Jr.,
ii Speaker of the House of Representatives,
