1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tions to the register and receiver of the land offices I
at Indianapolis forthwith to transfer to the land I
offices at Vincennes the books, documents, maps,
plats, surveys, and ail other papers and writings
deposited in the land offices at Indianapolis by
the register and receiver of the land offices at Vin-
cennes, and which originally were deposited in
the land offices at Vincennes, and were transferred
from said offices to the land offices at Indian-
apolis, under the provisions of the act " for abol-
ishing land offices under certain circumstances,
and for other purposes," approved June the
twelfth, eighteen hundred and forty; and the said
land offices at Vincennes are hereby reestablished
and reorganized, as fully and effectually for the
transaction of business, and the sales of the public
lands, within said Vincennes land district, as if
said land offices had not been abolished by the
provisions of the act last aforesaid.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That the com-
missioner appointed under this act by the Presi-
dent shall receive, as a full compensation for his
services, a salary at the rate of three thousand
dollars per annum, payable quarterly out of the
Treasury; and the register and receiver shall re-
ceive such compensation for their services under
this act as may be just and proper, in the discretion
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 10. .find he it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to prescribe such rules and regula-
tions as may be necessary to give full effect to the
provisions of this act.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Current and Contingent Expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling Treaty
stipulations with various Indian Tribes, for the
year ending June thirtieth, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and tliey
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
•the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of paying the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes:
Pol- the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, viz;
For the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs,
and of the several Indian agents, per acts of filth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-eighth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty -
one, third Maich, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the pay of the several Indian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and :
fifty-four, ten thousand five hundred dollars. j
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St, j
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June, |
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand
two hundred dollars. ,
For the pay of clerk to superintendent in ual-
ifornia, per act of third March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand doliais.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars. _ %
For buildings at agencies, and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes:
Blackfoot Nation.—For fiist of ten installments^
as annuity, to be expended in the purchase of
such goods, provisions, and other useful articles,
as the President, at his discretion, may from time
to time determine, per ninth article of the treaty
of seventeenth October, eighteen hundred and
fiftv-five, twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuities in goods and provisions, seventeen
thousand dollars.
For first of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in edu-
cating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Camanches, Kioioas, and Apaches* of Arkansas
river.—For third of ten installments for the pur-
chase of goods, provisions, and agricultural im-
plements, per sixth article treaty twenty-seventh
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the third of
ten installments of goods, provisions, and agri-
cultural implements, per yixth article treaty
twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, seven thousand dollars.
Chippeioas of Lake Superior.—Fulfilling the
treaty of thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four:
For two thirds of the last of twenty installments j
in money, per second article treaty twenty-ninth j
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents. «
For two thirds of the last of twenty install-
; ments in goods, per second article tieaty twenty-
I ninth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
i and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
I eighteen hundied and fifty-four, twelve thousand
j six hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-
; seven cents.
| For two thirds of the last of twenty installments
i for the purchase of provisions, per second article
treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
; and thirty-three cents.
| For two thirds of the last of twenty install-
| ments for the purchase of tobacco, per second •
| article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun- 1
] dred and thirty-seven, and eighth article treaty
! thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
: four, three hundied and'thirty-three dollars and
j thirty-three cents.
| For two thirds of fifteenth of twenty-five m-
| stallments in money, per fourth article treaty
■ fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
: and e1 filth article treaty thirtieth September,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For two thirds of fifteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments m goods, per fourth article treaty fourth '
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and |
! eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh- j
| teen hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dol-
lars .
i For two thirds of fifteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments, for the support of schools, per fourth
; article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
, and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
i September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
| thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
I and thirty-three cents.
I For two thirds of fifteenth of twenty-five ln-
! stallments for the purchase of provisions and
! tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
i eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth article
i treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
i fifty-four, one thousand three hundied and thirty-
j three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For second of twenty installments in com,
| goods, household furniture, and cooking utensils,
I agricultural implements and cattle, caipenters
I and Other tools and building materials, and for
I moral and educational purposes, per fourth article
' treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
i fiftv-four, nineteen thousand dollars.
! For second of five installments in blankets,
' cloths, nets, guns, ammunition, and such other
! articles of necessity as they may requne, to the
j Bois Forte Band, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth
: ,September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two
i thousand dollars. .
I For second of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per fifth and second articles
treaty'thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, five thousand and forty dollars.
For secoml of twenty installments for the sup-
port of six smiths' shops, per fifth and second
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred
and twenty dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.—Fulfilling the treaty .
•of twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five:
tor one third of the last of twenty installments
in money, per second article treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, and -
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of thelast of twenty installments
in goods, per second article treaty tweBty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For one third of the last of twenty installments
| for the purchase of provisions, per second article
I treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and
i thirty-seven, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
! September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
j hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
I cents.
; i For one third of the last of twenty installments
for the purchase of tobacco, per second article
treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of fifteenth of twenty-five install-
ments in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of fifteenth of twenty-five install-
ments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of fifteenth of twenty-five install-
ments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of fifteenth of twenty-five install-
ments for the purchase of provisions and tobacco,
per fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen
hundred and fo'rty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-
seven cents.
For one third of the last of twenty installments
for the establishment of three smiths' shops, sup-
porting the smiths, and furnishing iron and steel,
per second article treaty twenty-ninth July, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-seven, and eighth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fiftv-four, one thousand dollars.
For one third of fifteenth of twenty-five install-
ments for the support of two smiths' shops, in-
cluding the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of fifteenth of twenty-five install-
ments for pay of two farmers, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and for-
ty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
For second of twenty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
'| February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twen-
!j ty thousand dollars.
|| Pillager and Lake Winnibigoshish Manas—tor
