760
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
made—who still are willing to accord-to the peo-
ple of the Territories the highest privilege of
freemen, and who dare to stand m the breach at
the risk of political sacrifice, and manfully con-
tend for the equality of the States, and all the
constitutional rights of the South, whila at the I
same time they firmly and faithfully sustain all
the rights of the North.
It is also a pleasing reflection to me, that while,
almost in a body, the anti-Democratic elements
at the North have fused in opposition, the time-
honored Democracy, now headed by Mr. Buch-
anan, one of the patriotic northern men, who
knows no North nor South—that Democracy that
I take pleasure in saying 1 hare, through storm
and sunshine, considered the hope of the country,
now presents the proud spectacle of the only
national party upon whose success rests, in my
humble opinion, the safety of the Constitution,
the peace and continuance of the Union.
I would not be invidious, nor do I desire to de-
tract from the high moral courage exhibited by
others, but 1 must be permitted, in view of the
gross vituperation heaped upon certain distin-
guished men, to return my sincere thanks to the
President of the United States, (notwithstanding
the fierce denunciations to-day of the Senator
from Ohio,) the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] and the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Territories, [Mr. Douglas,] for
their patriotic devotion to the Constitution and the
rights of the people, and of the States on this
vital but deeply exciting subject.
And now, Mr. President, a few words more in
regard to the bill reported by the committee.
.Frankness and candor require me to say that 1
had considerable repugnance to the formation of
a new State with such a small population. The
honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Colla-
mek,] in his minority report of the 12th March,
speaking of the State of Kansas under the Topcka
constitution, says: ,
" The Constitution fixes no number as necessary; and
the importance of now settling this question may well jus-
tify Congress in admitting this as a State at (Ais time, espe-
cially as we have good reason to believe that, if admitted
as a State, and controversy ended, it will immediately fill
op with a numerous and successful population."
If this is a just conclusion of the Senator, under
a constitution so deficient in every element to
commend itself to a favorable consideration, how
touch more effectually may we hope to end the
controversy and give repose, by the just and
proper provisions of the bill under consideration.
The free-State men, by their action, have ex-
pressed a desire to form a State; and I understand
the pro-slavery citizens are also anxious to change
the political organization to a State government.
I do not approve, as an original proposition,
the qualification of voters uo far as to authorize
unnaturalized persons to vote. I had doubts as
to the propriety of postponing the election of
members of the Territorial Legislature. I how-
ever felt no difficulty in assuming the power of
Congress to prescribe the qualification of voters*
as a necessary incident to the exercise of the
power to pass a law to authorize the people of
the Territory to form a State constitution. In
regard .to permitting persons who have merely
declared their intention to become citizens, ac-
cording to the naturalization laws, I found the
same provision in the organic Kansas act; and [
am assured there are comparatively few such
persons in the Territory. The bill has been ma-
turely framed and considered, and I ought not to
expect to have every provision (so diversified
are our interests and opinions) to square exactly
with my own peculiar views.
1 have no doubt there are many who will con-
demn any effort for the pacification of this ques-
tion; but ought not every reasonable man to be
satisfied with this measure? I look at it as a
whole. I believe it to be an honest effort to
maintain the Constitution intact, and secure the
rights- of the people; to suppress, as far as prac-
ticable, disorder and strife in Kansas, give repose,,
so far, as wise counsels and prudent action can
do so to the country; deprive political agitators
of one great weapon to disturb the quiet of the !
peaceably disposed; and therefore 1 may be iu- 1
duced to waive all minor objections, to vote
against all amendments, and support the bill I
cordially, as a great public duty I owe to myself,
to posterity, to the confiding constituency who
gave to me my high commission, and to the
hopes of the lovers of free institutionseverywhere.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I suppose it
is evident that we are to be called upon'to vote
to-night. I should like to have a recess until six
o'clock. That will be but one hour, and I think
Senators on the other side of the Chamber, who
have made up their minds to press a vote to-night,
can meet us at that hour, and we can come here
at six o'clock and enter on our duties. 1 have no
doubt the giatter will be closed in a few hours
after that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope there will be no
recess. I do not see any necessity for it. Nearly-
all the Senators have gone home and had their
dinners. The Senator certainly does not ask a
recess for his own side of the House, for he is the
only man of that side who is present. They
have all gone away. If the Senator does not ask
it for them, I hope he will not ask itfor us, as we
do not want any dinner. I trust, if there is no-
body else to speak, we shall proceed to a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Massachu-
setts submit a motion ?
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess until six o'clock; I hope this will be
granted. >
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, as it is equiv-
alent to a change of the rules.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I object.
Mr. YULEE. I presume the recess is pro-
posed with the understanding that the vote shall
be taken in the course of the night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The proposi-
tion is objected to. The bill is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. The question pend-
ing is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I had desired
to be heard before the vote on this bill was taken,
and I had desired to be heard by the Senate; but
I do not see any prdspect of obtaining a hearing
J from the Senate at this time. There is not half
■ a quorum in the Chamber. What opportunity
have I to address myself to the reason of honor-
able gentlemen who are about to vote on this im-
portant bill, two thirds of whom left the Cham-
ber half an hour ago. To compel me to proceed
because a party caucus has decided that this bill
shall be passed without any adjournment, is equiv-
alent to denying the liberty of speech. I suppose
no man would suspect me, for a moment, of a de-
sire to prolong discussion or to put off a decision;
but, until a quorum is present, I will not address
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Delaware
will allow me to interrupt him. I trust the Sen-
ate will take a recess. It is hardly proper to
force gentlemen to address the Senate in this con-
dition. If we should come to a vote, we should
find ourselves without a quorum, and then we
.should be compelled, under the rule, to adjourn
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. We could send the Sergeant-«t-
Arms after the absentees.
Mr. IVERSON. That would be a harsh pro-
ceeding.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I will move,
and die Senate may decide it to satisfy themselves,
an adjournment until to-morrow- If it should be
the will and the pleasure of the Senate not to ad-
journ, I shall have nothing to say; I shall retire
from the debate. I shall of course submit to the
will of the majority. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Adamb.1
Mr. BROWN. I ask that the amendment be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 9; not a quorum voting.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the absentees be
sent for,under the rule of the Senate. I perceive
that several Senators who were here have walked
out since the roll was called, to avoid voting, and
some Senators present have not voted.
The PRESJDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
send for the absentees, under the 8th rule of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will please go for the absentees.
Mr. YULEE. As the purpose is to proceed
with this bill this evening, I think it would be
perhaps advisable, and I make the motion, that
the names of the absent Senators be called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
rule authorizing the calling of the names of the
absent Senators. The rule merely provides that
Senators may be sent for.
Mr. YULEE. But how does the Sergeant
know who are absent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. He learns that
from the call of theyeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. There are some Senators pres-
ent who have not voted. I hold that all who are
present must vote. I suppose the proper course
would be to call the roll or roster of absent
Senators, and then we can ascertain who are
absent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will find, by referring to the rule, that there is no
authority to call the roll of absentees.
Mr. Hunter and Mr. Mason appeared at this
stage of the proceedings, and voted in the affirma-
tive—eight votes being still necessary to form a
quorum. Mr. Foot and other Senators also
recorded their votes.
Mr. ADAMS. I would inquire whether the
rule does not require Senators to vote, if present*,
unless excused by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no ■
rule compelling a Senator to vote. It is a matter
left to his discretion.
Mr. GEYER. This morning, on the reading
of the Journal, 1 was struck by a fact, which, if
it be the general practice, I hope will be corrected.
Yesterday, on a call of the yeas and nays, there
was not a quorum voting; and if I understood the
Clerk in the reading of the Journal this morning
there was no notiee taken of it. Now, I think it
is of some importance, whether there is a quorum
or not, when the yeas and nays are called, that all
those who are present should be noted and their
votes placed on the Journal. I do not know
whether it was omitted accidentally, but in the
reading this morning it wds certainly omitted.
I make, the inquiry now, while we have liothing
else to do, to ascertain whether it is the practice
not to enter the yeas and nays when there is not
a quorum voting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
the uniform practice not to record the vote unless
there was a majority voting.
Mr. GEYER. I think it is a praetice that had
better be abandoned. It enables Senators on the
floor to refuse to vote. There is no test by which
it is known whether they have been present here
and voted, or not, until it appear after the roll is
called; then, if a quorum is not present, some
member moves to adjourn, and gentlemen appear
insufficient numbers for that purpose. When
members appear here in sufficient numbers to
make a quorum, and refuse to vote, we ought at
least to have it appear on the Journal that they
did not vote, or let it be understood that they
were Absent*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A resolution
of the Senate would correct that, and make it the
duty of the Secretary to record the vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to ask, whether or
not there is any rule by which we can enforce the
obligation of a Senator to vote when he is present.
It will be observed that several gentlemen in the
Senate refused to vote, and thus to make a quo-
rum. No one of the gentlemen present belonging
to the opposition, who are opposed to this meas-
ure, will vote. I ask whether there is no mode
of compelling them, or whether it is in the power
of these gentlemen, by a revolutionary movement,
