1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
itself, Congress must act within the Constitution.
I am not, however, disposed now to take up these
grave questions; and in reply to the other portion
of the gentleman's question, I can only say that
I am not aware that Congress has ever formally
asserted the right, or assumed the exercise of sov-
ereignty, in the sense in which I view it, over the
Territories; but I will add that, even were there
such a precedent, 1 would disregard and overrule
it. If the true theory of «ur Government has
not always been adhered to, we should not follow
the error. I have very little regard for precedents,
even though long acquiesced in, that the course
of events, and the practical application of our
system, clearly show to have grown out of a false
construction of it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will allow
me a moment. He has expressed a desire to meet
me in debate upon this question at seme future
time. Well, sir, if the opportunity shall present
itself, without interfering with the business of the
House, I shall be very glad to indulge in discus-
sion upon this point. For the present I will cou-
tent myself with making this assertion: that
Congress, from the very hour of the organization
of the Government up to the passage of the Ne-
braska bill, asserted its right of sovereignty over
the Territories to the extent even of excluding
slavery from them; and this right was proclaimed
upon this floor by the very men who participated
in the formation of the Constitution; and though
I claim to be somewhat progressive, I have not
yet piogressed so fur us to disiegaid the lights
of fathers. High as may be my respect for the
opinions of the gentleman from Mississippi, I
prefer to stand by the doctrines of those men
rather than by hisopinionsof the olden time, and
the principles of the Nebraska bill, which claim
to be one thing in theNorth,another in the South,
and nothing but national evil m the center!
Mr. GROW. I shall have to make a point of
order upon the gentleman. This discussion is
evidently not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for stopping
this discussion, for, at the rate it was going on,
the Virginia character for abstractions was in a
fair way to be stolen from her and run away
with. [Laughter.]
Now, to come back to the construction of this
road, I will read from the report of the commit-
tee upon the subject:
u That the committee directed an inquiry to the Depart-
ment of War, a-5 to tlie ucoe^ity <uid expediency of such
a road m a military point of view ;'to which the Depait-
ment leplied, that the contemplated mad ' would be useful
J'oi mihtaiy purposes in the maich ot' ttoops to California,
and tho Teiritoues of Utah, Washington, and Oregon,and
in any nnhtar) opejalion which u may be ncce.s^uv to un-
dertake in the legion tlnotigh which it Captain
tftansbeirv and Lieutenant Heckwuh evplorrd portions of
the piopo^ed load, ImtiN iocanon has not been established,
nor an connate made of its piobable co-t; it is piobable,
liowe\ er, that.>"MH>0 judiciously expended wdl open apiue-
tieal wagon road.'"
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, I have but a few
words to say on this matter. I am astonished,
after the action of the committee on other bills,
that such strenuous objection should be made to
the proposition now before us. We are asked
to appropriate §3,000 to make a road in the Ter-
ritory of Urtih. The objection heretofore made
cannot apply in this case. I have heard gentle-
men say, and urge with some degree of reason,
that, inasmuch as appropriations had been made
to the various Territories, of land and other
things, they should make their own roads. I
listened with a great deal of interest and satisfac-
tion to the debate between the honorable gentle-
man trom Mississippi and the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio. Although I did not hear a word
of what was said, [laughter,] 1 judged from their .
eyes and countenances the sides they took. I i
am satisfied that the gentleman from Mississippi
took the side of Utah—that is, for the construc- !
it on ot the road. He does not deny that the '
General Government has power to make military
roads._ Neither do 1. But I was going on to state,
that, if gentlemen would vote for anyroad, it
should be tins. 1 am surprised that there is any
objection to it. Ihe circumstances^nder which
it is situated ha? silenced the tongue of the Gen-
tleman from Tennessee. I ascribe hts silence to
his high-toned ol ivalry; for are we not told we
do not knnv wfc thcr it is fabulous or not—that
there are in Utah from seventeen to forty women
to one man. [Laughter.] Are these women to be
turned out to make the road? [Renewed laugh-
ter.] I insist, then, if there be an appropriation
by Congress for the construction of any road, that
it be for this. I trust there will he no objection
on the part of any gentleman—I mean on the
part of those who have no constitutional scruples
against these appropriations.
Mr. McMULLIN. We have had work and
talk enough to-day, and I move 
Mr. GROW. Not yet. I beg the gentleman
will not move that the committee rise.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will not press the motion
at present.
On motion of Mr. GROW, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
NEBRASKA CODE.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of a joint resolution (No. 20) authorizing
the accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust
the expenses of a board of commissioners, ap-
pointed under joint resolutions of the Territorial
Assembly of Nebraska, to prepare a code of laws
for the government of siud Territory.
The bill was read i?i extenso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand that bill; will the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia explain? Does it provide an appropriation
to pay for the codifications of laws for Nebraska?
If it provides for making a code by commission-
ers F am opposed to it.
Mr. GRQ W. The code has been alrendy made.
The Legislature of Nebraska named certain gen-
tlemen as commissioners to codify laws for
Nebraska. They did so; and their work, on
presentation to the Legislative Assembly, was
approved and adopted. This proposition is to pay
them for what they have done. The same tiling
has been done in the case of New Mexico.
Mr. JONES. This legislation gives no vitality
to the code.
Mr. GROW. Ttdoes not. It merely provides
compensation for these commissioners. The
code has been adopted by the Legislative Asscm-
bly.
Mr. SMITH. This Legislative Assembly ap-
pointed men to piepare a code of laws for the
Terntoiy, When it was prepared they adopted
it. Was not the Legislative Assembly oiganized j
for the purpose of making laws; and, I ask, what
n^ht had they to delegate their power?
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated?
Mr. GROW. The commissioners are to be
allowed three or four dollars each the day.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the law of the Legis-
lative Assembly.
Mr. GROW. It is as follows:
Tie U cna< !s<! hy l/ic Counril and House of Reprccvfafivcs
of the Territorial Nehca'c-i, That O. [>. R^'lund^m and
Joseph L.Shaip he, and they ate, appointed commi^sion-
I who^e duty it -hail be to eoopetatc with A. J. Popple-
! ton and J. O. I\T.Thompson.twooihercouimisxionursoiithe
p.u t ot The (louse, to piepare a code of laws for the gov-
ernment of this Temtory, and import the same to thoXe-
gtsiatme at it* ne.u sesnon.
The service has been rendered, and the pend-
ing; resolution merely authorizes the payment of
those connnissioneis.
Mr. SMITH. What is the amount to be
paid?—it must be some amount. They may
a^k fifty doilars a day.
On motion of Mr.'GROW, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
ROjITIS IN NEBRASKA.
The committee then proceeded to the consid-
eration of a bill (H. R. No. 420) mnkin^ appro-
priations for the construction of territorial roads
m the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. LETCHER. From which committee does
that bill come '
_ The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any recommenda-
tion from the Department?
Air. GROW. There is no recommendation
accompanying the report. The memorial of the
Legislative Assembly was referred to one of the '
members of the committee, [Mr. Pkrrv.] He
had the matter under consideration, and the bill
was reported on that memorial of the Assembly.
The committee is in possession of all the facts
there are in the case.
Mr. McMULLIN. The road, then, is not
recommended op military grounds. I move that
the committee rise.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to allow this bill to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do not
pass. Let us get it out of the committee, and
then we can have a vote on it in the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that'the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. I must decline to withdraw
the motion that the committee rise. I think there
has been much time occupied this morning in
unnecessary discussion, and I prefer that the
committee should rise. It is now half past three
o'clock.
The question was taken on Mr. McMullin 'a
motion; and the committee refused to rise.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and it was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRI-
TORY.
The committee then proceeded to consider
House bill(No. 424) to complete the construction
of the military road across the Cascade Mount-
ains, in the Territory of Washington.
The bill appropriates §10,000 for the purpose
of completing the military road from Fort Steila-
coom, across the Cascade Mountains, to Fort
Walla-Walla, in the Territory of Washington,
to be constructed under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War, pursuant to contracts to be made
by him, and that the Secretary ascertain and pay
the amount actually expended by citizens of the
Territory of Washington in 1853, on as much of
the road from Fort Steilacoom to the mountains
as was made by them, and adopt it as part of the
road, provided that the sum does not exceed 
thousand dollars.
Mr. ANDERSON. I move to fill the blank
with the word " eight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid'aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do nays:
and
# The committee proceeded to consider House
bill (No. 179) for the construction of a military
road m the Territory of Washington.
The bill appropriates $45,000, to be expended
under the dnection of the Secretary of War,
! pursuant to contracts to be made by him, in the
'construction of a military road from some eligible
point at or near the mouth of the Columbia river
to Fort Steilacoom, in the Territory of Wash-
ington.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee on Military Affair?, to whom were
rofi-ued the memonal ot'the Logi-latuic of Wa^hin^ton
Tomtoij, piaving the coristiuctjon of a military lortd hom
JJnieepoit to the Cowlitz Landing, and Ilou-e bill (No. 179)
lor the conduction of a nnlitaiy load m the Teintory of
Wa.-dnniifon, le^pectfnlly lepoit:
That the bill embrace* wnhm its objects the road piayed
form the memoual of the Legislature; so the committee
consider thorn both together.
The committee duected an inquiry to the War Depart-
ment as to the necessity and u-ciulness of such a road m
a niihtdty point of view, to which the Secretary of War
replied :
A load branching from the military road between Fort
Steilacoom and Fort Vancouver, and extending to the
mouth of the Columbia nver, by pacing through lite settle-
ments m the Willipah rivoi and Shoahvater hay, would be
Uj-eful for miluaiy pjtpose*, as it would substitute a direct
and comparatively elioit road for a vmy cncuitous unite by
land and water, which is now the onlv means of communi-
cation between the settlements on Willipah river, tthoal-
water bay, the Columbia nvej, and tho>e on Paget*  t>ound.
The Department is not in po^e^sion of exact information
respecting the route which such a load should follow, but, .
tiom whati^ known of the eountiy, con.-ideis it probable
that a sum of from .-540,000 to $.50,000 would be sufficientto
open a practicable communication along the hne indicated
from Fort Steilacoom to the mouth of the Columbia.'11
^Thc committee, therefore, lepoit back House b.!l No.
179 without amendment, and recommend its passage to the
Hons*.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would inquire what
amount has been expended heretofore under
former bills?
Mr. ANDERSON. I will state to the gentle-
