1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inqun e into the expediency of providing for and
accepting tile services of volunteers to aid in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities upon the Pacific coast.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to report
back, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
Housebill (No. 70) making appropriations forthe
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending 30th of June, 1857. _ The
committee recommend a non-concurrence in the
two amendments of the Senate. I ask leave to
report the bill, and have it referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and printed.
Mr. COEB, of Alabama. I believe the reg-
ular order of business is reports from'eommittees.
if we enter upon, and adhere to, the regular order
of business, the gentleman from Ohio will have
an opportunity to report his bill. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of reports from standing
committees.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Do I understand that
objection was made to the gentleman from Ohio
making his report ? V
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-1
bama has called for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call for re-
ports from committees.
BILLS, REPORTS, ETC.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported back House
bill (No. 70) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States, forthe year ending 30th of June, 1857,
with the amendments of the Senate; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill making appropriations for
restoring and maintaining the peaceable dispo-
sition of the Indian tribes on the Pacific, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will avail myself of this
occasion to state that I hope the House will, early
in the morning, resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view
of considering that bill. It is very short.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not make that motion now, but let
business go on.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not make the mo-
tion now, but I will yield, with the understanding
that I shall have an opportunity in the course of
the day to report the deficiency bill, in order to
have it printed.
Mr. ICNOWLTON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of West
Dnnkwater and others; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report and
papers, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Renner and Nathaniel H.
Heath; , . ,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Charles Simms, late collector of the port of Alex-
andria; and
A bill for the relief of Peyton G. King, late
receiver of public money at Monroe, Louisiana.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of William Humphreys, Jr., owner of the
iishing schooner Good Exchange, lost at sea;
winch was read a first and second time, andrefened
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. W., from the same committee, presented
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
The petition of John H. Russell, for bounty
land, and for other purposes;
The petition of citizens for a marine hospital
at Hyannis, Massachusetts; and
Th'e petition of the captain, crew, and the
owners of the schooner Lapwing, for bounty.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce toj-eport back a memo-
rial, referred to the committee, of the citizens of
Macon, Georgia, asking for the erection of a suit-
able building for a post office; and to ask to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that it be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce if
the question of erecting these public buildings was
not referred to that committee by a resolution of
this House ? I had the memorial myself referred
to the Committee on Commerce, because I under-
stood that the questions of buildings of that char-
acter, whether for post offices, or custom-houses,
or court-houses, were all to be referred to that
committee, and that it was to report on them.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the gentleman
from Georgia is mistaken. I have heard nothing
about it.
Mr. COBB. A discussion arose, a few days
ago, on a resolution offered by a gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,! to erect a
public building of this character. I am this in-
stant informed by a gentleman from South Car-
Molina, that that resolution was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
If that be so, I have no objection to that refer-
ence; but I understood this subject was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and it was for
that reason I rose to make objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. That had no reference to
a custom-house; and that is the reason why it
did not go to the Committee on Commerce. These
buildings, which contemplate providing for the
collection of customs, always go, in the first in-
stance, to the Committee on Commerce. The
resolution of the gentleman from New Yoik re-
ferred to proposed to build a po^ office and court
rooms; and hence he made a selection between
these two committees.
Mr. COBB. 1 was under the impression that
one committee had been indicated which should
take charge of this whole matter of public build-
ings. However, upon the statements which have
been made, I am willing that this memorial shall
be referred in accordance with the wishes of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce.
The memorial was accordingly referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the same commit-
tee, repotted back sundry petitions of citizens of
the State of Maine, for post office buildings at
Machias and Castine,Maine; which were laid on
the fable, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W.,from the same committee, introduced
a bill authorizing the construction of a building
at Nashville, Tennessee, for custom-house, post I
office, and United States court rooms; which was ,
read a first and second time, referred to the Com- i
mittec of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNETT, from the same committee,
reported a bill authorizing the construction of a
building at Ogdensburg, New York, for custom-
house, post office, and United States courtrooms;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. KENNETT, from the Committee on Com-
merce. reported a bill to constitute the city of Han-
nibal,'in the State of Missouri, a port of delivery;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. TC. said; I desire to ask the House that
this bill may now be put on its passage. There
is a pressing necessity for its immediate passage,
as a large quantity of railroad iron is shortly
expected to be landed at that point, and which,
unless it be made a port of delivery,will have to be
handled at St. Louis, or some other intermediate
port, at a heavy cost for the additional handling.
The bill receives the sanction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, from whom there is, with the
papers sent to the Clerk's table, a communication
that I ask to have read; and I again express the
hope that no objection will be made to the pass-
, age of the bill.
I There was no objection, and the bill was read
j through by the Clerk. It constitutes the city of
| Hannibal, in the State of Missouri, a port of
! delivery; authorizes the appointment of a sur-
veyor, who shall reside at said city, at a salary
of f1,000 per annum, and contains the other pro-
visions usually made in constituting ports of
delivery.
Mr. KENNETT. I have a communication
from the Treasury Department, which I ask may
be read.
The communication was read, and is as follows:
4kTreasury Debartment, March 6,1856. ,
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receiptor
your several communications, of the 28th ultimo and 4th
mstant, and inclosure, in regard to the proposed establish-
ment of the city of Hannibal, m the State of Missouri, as
a-port of delivery.
Concurring in opinion with you as to the expediency of
the proposed legislation in tins case, I forward herewith a
draft of a bill, winch, it is believed, will effect the purpose
contemplated.
I return herewith a draft of a bill accompanying your
communication of the 2<jih ultimo.
I am, sir, very lespeetfully, j our obedient servant,
' JAMES GUTIIItlE,
Serrctan} oj the Treasury.
Hon. L. M. Kennett, of the Committee on Commerce,
House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have an
amendment which I desire to offer to that bill as
a second section. I send it to the Clerk's desk,
and ask that it may be read.
The amendment was lead. It constitutes Peo-
ria, in the State of Illinois, a port of delivery;
authorizes the appointment of a surveyor at an
annual compensation of #350 per annum, and the
usual emoluments of the office; and contains the
other provisions usually made in constituting
ports of delivery.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I merely desire to say
that I am instructed by the Committee on Com-
merce to offer that amendment to the bill before
the House. A bill was introduced some time
since by one of my colleagues [Mr. Knox] to
constitute Peoria a port of delivery. The com-
mittee have had the subject fully under their con-
sideration, and they have instructed me to offer
this as an amendment to the bill .reported by the
gentleman from Missouri. I ask that the report
of the committee on the subject, with the letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, may be read
at the Clerk's desk.
The report and letter are as follows:
Port of Delivery ut Peoria.
Mr. E. B. Washmurne, from the Committee on Com-
merce. submitted the following report:
That the Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
House bill (No. 58) " to constitute Peoria, in the State of
Illinois, a port of delivery," report:
That since the said bill has been before them, they have
recwe.d the following communication on the subject from
the Secretary of the Trea-ury, calling their attention to the
pioprietyand expediency of making Peoria one of the ports
| of delivery within the district of New Orleans:
I Treasury Department, March 10,1856.
! Sir : I have the honor to call th'i -attention of the Co«i-
mittee on Commerce of the flou-e of Representatives to
tin* expediency and pioprietv ot making Peoria, in the State
of Illinois one of the pons of delivery within the district
of New Orleans.
From th" position of Peoria, the present considerable and
rapidlv increasing amount of importations into that place,
and the existing and anticipated commercial connections
and means of communication by canal and railroad, as well
as river navigation, with the gulf, sea-board, and lakes, it
would, in the opinion of the Department, subseive the in-
terests of the public levenuo, as well as the convenience of
the citizens of that city, next to Chicago the largest m Ilh- „
noi- and its vicimtv, that it should be made a port of dehv-
ciy.by huv attached to the distiict of New Orleans, with
tin pilvileges and facilities aiForded by the act of Congiess,
approved 2d of March, 1831, entitled "An act allowing the
dune* on foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Nutchezfto be secured and paid at those places."
It will be necessary to provide for the appointment of a
suivevouto rende at Peoria, and whose compensation, it
is lecommouded, be paid out of the fees and commissions
allowed bv law, after deducting the expenses of the office,
and providing that m no case shall his compensation ex-
ceed $1,200 per annum.
Vcy lespeetfully, your obedient
1 Secretary of the Treasury.
jjnji. E. B. YVaptibttrne, Chairman. Commitlet on Coni-
mcrt e, House of Representatives.
The Hon. Jaiies Knox, a member of the House, has also
| addressed the lollowmg letter to the committee on the sub-
j ^*C" tVisTUNfiTON. Fe'nuary 28.1855.
' Pin- \ bill declaring Peoria, Illinois, a poit of delivery,
; u as presented by me m the House, and rcfeired to your com-
i permit me to su?2e®t to you a few reasons which, in my
I iu.l ment. ought to have wei'lit Willi that committee,
i Fir-t. the large and mcrca-nn^ co^t of keeping our Gov-
eminent in motion is> drown from duties on foreign imports,
and vali bv the the consmnei s of them; and it seems to me
a wise and" iu<t policy to give to those consumers tacihties
for it/ipoitation, especially when their interests are ad-
vanced by such facilities.
