39
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during tne pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per third articlo treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, six hundred
dollars.
For fulfilling treaties negotiated eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with
certain bands of Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqua
Indians:
For second of fifteen installments of annuity,
to be exj&nded as directed by the President, per
third article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred ana fifty-four, two thousand dol-
lars.
For second of fifteen installment-? for the pay
of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred dollars.
For second of five installments for support of
two smiths' shops, per fifth article treaty eigh-
teenth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand one hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For second of ten installments for pay of phy-
sician, medicines, and expense of care of the
sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
and sixty dollars.
For second of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Rog ue Rivers.—For third of sixteen installments
in blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock",
per third article treaty tenth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, two thousand and
five hundred dollars.
Sues and Foxc-> of JSIlWis^tppi.—For permanent
annuity in goods or otherwise, per thud article
treaty third November, eighteen hundred and
four, one thousand dollars.
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments as annu-
ity in specie, per third article treaty twenty-first
September, eighteen hundred and Unity-two,
twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments for gun-
smith, per fourth article treaty twenty-lirst Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thh ty-two, six hun-
dred dollars.
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments for iron
and steel for shop, per fourth aitiele treaty twen-
ty-first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments for black-
smith and assistant, shop, and tools, per fourth
article treaty twenty-first September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For twenty-fifth of thirty inwallments for iron
and steel for shop, per fourth article treaty twen-
ty-first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred and twenty dollais.
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments for forty
barrels of salt and forty kegs of tobacco, per foui tli
article treaty twenty-first September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, one thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
atfive per centum, per second article treaty twen-
ty-first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars
at five per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs <tnd Foxes qf Missouri.—For interest on one
hundred and fifty-seven thousand four hundred
dollars, at five per centum, under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty twenty-
first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
seven thousand eighthundred and seventy dollars.
For the third mstallment.upon forty-eight thou-
sand dollars, per second article treaty eighteenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Senecus.—For permanent annuity in specie,
per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred
dollars.
Senecas of New York.—For permanent annuity,
in lieu of interest on stock, per act of nineteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six
thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty-dollars, transferred from On-
tario Hank to the United States Treasury, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, two thousand one hundred and
fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senccas and Shawnces.—For permanent annuity
in specie, per fourth article treaty seventeenth
September, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasuie
of the President, per fourth article treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.—For permanent annuity for educa-
tional purposes, per fouith aiticle treaty third
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For third installment of interest, at five pet-
centum, on forty thousand dollars, for education,
per tliiiel article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For thud ofeigb t annual installments of money,
in payment, foi lands, per third ai tide treaty tenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For peimanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen,and third
article treaty tenth Mny, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New Yo)k.—For permanent
annuity m clothing and other useful articles, per
sixth article treaty eleventh November, seventeen
hundred and ninety-four, four thousand five
hundred dollars.
Sioux of JWis^hsippi.—For interest on three
hundred thousand dollais at five per centum, per
second article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For the last of twenty installments in goods,
per second article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, ten thousand
dollars.
For the last of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of medicines, agricultural implements, and
for the support of farmer, physician, and black-
smith, per second article treaty twenty-ninth
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
eight thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For the last of twenty installments for provis-
ions, per second articlc treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of fifty installments of interest at five
per centum on one million three hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty twenty-
third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, sixty-
eight thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifty installments of interest at five
j per centum on one hundred and twelve thousand
1 dollars, being the amount in lieu of the reserva-
, tions set apart in the third article of Senate's
i amendment'of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For sixth of fifty installments of interest at five
per centum on one million one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty fifth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, fifty-eight
thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifty installments of interest at
five per centum on sixty-nine thousand dollars,
being the amount allowed in lieu of the reserva-
tion of lands set apart by the third article of Sen-
ate's amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty one, three thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
Stockbridges and Munsees.—For expenses of im-
provements, per second and fourth articles of the
treaty of fifth February, eighteen hundicdand
fifty-six, forty-one thousand one hundred dollars.
For expenses of their removal to the lands
granted them by the provisions of the second and
fifth articles of the treaty of fifth February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, two thousand five hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars; and the amount
now in the Treasury appropriated by acts of third
March, eignteen hundred and forty-nine, and
! thirty-first'July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
for the removal of the Stockbridges, shall also
be applicable to the expenses of the removal pro-
vided m the treaty afoiesaid.
For payment for improvements on lands ceded
\ by the first article of the treaty of fifth February,
| eighteen hundred and fifty-six, per fifteenth article
of said treaty, five thousand dollars.
For purchase of stock and necessaries, and to
settle their affairs, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior, m con-
formity with the amenciment of the Senate to the
second article of the treaty of fifth February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For the expenses of the survey and allotment
| of lands, per third article of the treaty of fifth
I February, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, seven-
■ teen hundred dollars; and the sum of two thou-
! sand dollars now in the Treasury, appropriated
I by the act of third March, eighteen hundred and
I forty-nine, ns the first installment to "sachems
I and chiefs," per amendment of the Senate to the
treaty of twenty-fourth November, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, and ljpw relinquished by
the tieaty of fifth February, eighteen hundied
and liltv-stx, shall also be applied for the ex-
penses of said survey and allotment.
For expenses of the examination and adjust-
| mem, by direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
j nor, of'lots alloted to the Stockbridges, under
| the act of third March, eighteen hundred and
foity-threc, per thirteenth article of the treaty of
fifth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
seven hundied and fifty dollars: Provided, That
no pai t of the appropriations for the Stockbridges
| and Munsees shall be expended until the assent
j of said Indians to the Senate amendment to said
! treaty shall first be obtained.
| Ti eat ij of Fort Laramie.—For sixth of ten instali-
i ments, m provisions and merchandise, for pay-
l| ment of annuities and transportation of the same
to certain tribes of Indians, per seventh article
treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, and Senate's amendment thereto,
seventy thousand dollars.
Umpquas Cow Creek Bttnd.—For third of twenty
installments in blankets, clothing, provisions, and
stock, per third article treaty nineteenth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, five hun-
| dred and fifty dollars.
;! Fulfilling the articles of twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with the
Uni])quas and Calapooias, of Umpqua Valley, Ore-
gon.—For second of five installments of annuity
'' for beneficial objects, to be expended as directed
j by the President, per third article treaty twenty-
ij ninth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
i' three thousand dollars.
