1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Navy, praying to be allowed the pay of a sur-
geon for the time he performed the duties of that
grade; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval .Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of James
Reid, praying to be allowed bounty land for ser-
vices rendered by him as a bearer of dispatches
during the late war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
.Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a petition of.
citizens of Alabama, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Marion, Perry county, to
Randolph, Bibb county, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. II ALE. I have received, and been requested
to present, a petition of certain ship-builders,
merchants, and ship-owners, of the city of Ports-
mouth', State of New Hampshire, praying that
the suggestions of the Secretary of the Treasury
in his iast annual report in regard to the admis-
sion of raw materials free of duty may be passed
into law. This petition is not addressed to the
Senate, but to my colleague and myself as Sen-
ators. On consultation, however, with older
members, I find that the proper course is to pre-
sent it to the Senate. I move to refer it to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agieed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SEWAHD, it was
Ordered, That Samuel Knupp have leave to withdraw
his petition aud papers.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Chairc, executor
of Benjamin Glumes, and Gad Humphreys, and i'edio Mi-
rando, be withdrawn {'torn the files of the Senate, and
referred fo the Committee on Private Laud Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Couit of Claims, made m
pursuance of law, of the opinions of that court on
the claims of Cassius M. Clay and Susan Decatur,
and the decisions of th^ court in favor of the claims
of George A. Magruder and Moses Noble, ac-
companied by bills for the relief of Joseph White,
Thomas H. B.urd, George A. Magruder, and Mo-
ses Noble, respe< lively; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY"*
Mr. MASON. 1 rise to make a motion which
is a matter of course, that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday.
Mr. ADAMS. I must oppose that motion. I
do not see how it can be agreed to, unless we arc
convinced that, we have nothing to do, and that
there is no business requiring the action of Con-
gress. if we luive business, it is expected of (he
public servants that they will attend to it. It is
known to the country that we have a mass of
business before us, which will require our undi-
vided and constant attention to tiansact. Why
we should adjourn over from Friday to Monday
when there is so much business pirssing on us,
is a matter which [ acknowledge 1 cannot under-
stand. I must oppose the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSrON.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business, I will baivly state that I moved
an executive session the other day for the pur-
pose of taking up some business, but I was not
able to lay my hands on the paper which I desired
at that time. Unless an executive session is held
to-day great injustice will be done to several
young gentlemen who have recently been ap-
pointed second lieutenants in the Army. It is
well known that the present graduating class at
West Point will take their commissions from the
1st of July, and 1 wish to have action on them
to-day.
The motion was agreed to. The Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
93) to increase 'he salaries of the judges of the
circuit and criminal courts of the District of Co-
lumbia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. EVANS. Two days ago the petition of
Nancy Fisher, one of the heirs and children of
John and Sarah Chisom, praying to be allowed
a pension due their deceased mother, was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. It
does not, however, appropriately belong to that
committee. I am instructed to move that they
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. For the same reason I am in-
structed to move that the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims be discharged from the considera-
tion of the petition of Elizabeth Moast, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STUART. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 185) to explain the act, ap-
proved the 12th of April, 1854, entitled " An act
to establish additional land districts in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota," to report the same back
without amendment, and recommend its passage.
Inasmuch as it is a business matter relating to
Minnesota Territory, I presume there will be no
objection to its being acted on now.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill. It pro-
vides that the words, " west of the Mississippi
river," employed in the description in the lirst
section of the act of April 12, 1854, shall be so
construed as to embrace all the islands lying west
of the middle of the main channel of that river,
in the new districts created west of the Missis-
sippi by that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. .#
Mr. STUART, The same committee have
instructed mc to report back the bill (f-I. R. No.
67) to establish two additional land districts in
the Territory of Minnesota, and to recommend
its passage. This bill simply defines the bound-
aries of the distucts, and [ suppose, it will not be
necessary to rend it at length, unless some gen-
tleman <jfsuv q it.
Tin; PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator wish the bill considered now?
Mr. S rCTART. Yes, sir.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Commutee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. Its reading at length was dispensed with.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. . "
SURVEY OF KANSAS BOUNDARY.
Mr. STUART. The same committee have had
under eonsideialion the bill (H. R. No. 197) to
authorize the President of the United States to
cause the southern boundary of Kansas Terri-
tory to be surveyed and marked, and have directed
mc to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. It provides for nothing
else than is expressed in its title, and I ask fonts
consideration now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bdl.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DESERTERS FROM UNITED STATES SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the bill (S. No.
178) respecting the harboring of deserters from
the military service, and to protect the public
interest tn regard to the enlistment and discharge
of minors, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that any person who shall procure
or entice a soldier to desert from the service of
the United States, or who shall knowingly harbor
or conceal any soldier who may hare deserted, or
refuse to deliver him up to the orders of his com-
manding officer, or who shall purchase from any
soldier his arms, uniform clothing, or any part
thereof, shall, upon legal conviction, be fined in
a sum not exceeding three hundred dollars, and
be imprisoned for a term not exceeding one year.
It further provides that where a recruiting offi-
cer may have reason to believe that any person
offering to enlist m the service is not of lawful age,
or to doubt the representation of any minor pre-
senting himself for enlistment that he has neither
parent nor guardian, it shall"be his duty to require
the recruit, at the time of enlisting, to swear that
lie is either of full age, or, being a minor, that he
has neither parent nor guardian, which oath is to
be taken before the magistrate who administers
the oath of allegiance prescribed by the tenth
article of war. The fifth section of the act of
September 28, 1850, respecting the discharge of
minors by the Secretary of War, on proof of
minority, is to be inoperative in the case of every
minor who, by false swearing at the time of enlist-
ment, may impose himself on the public service;
but the Secretary of War is to have the discre-
tionary power of granting discharges in such
cases.'
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; it was read a third time and passed.
ARMS FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 271) authorizing the issue of an
additional flumber of stand of arms for the use of
the State of California. 1 will say, in regard to the
bill, that the Legislature of that State at its pres-
ent session, has passed two sets of resolutions on
the subject—the first instructing me to procure
fifty thousand, and the second, thirty thousand
stand of arms. The Committee on Military
Affairs have concluded to give them eight thou-
sand, which I think will be a number amply suf-
ficient to furnish arms for all the organized com-
panies in that State. I ask that the bill may now
be taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I hope we shall
not take up this morning, matters which will
probably be contested. Thisconnects itself with
the whole question of the bill which the Senator
has pi^sented, for the distribution of arms.
Mr. WELLER. What bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. The bill in regard to the
preparation and distribution of ordnance and
arms.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that this haa
any connection with that. We simply propose
to give California eight thousand stand of arms
in addition to those she has received under the
regular act of Congress. Under that act, I be-
lieve, the number assigned altogether has been
only between two thousand and three thousand.
It is deemed necessary by the Military Commit-
tee that California should have at least eight
thousand more, because of her exposed condition,
and her being constantly engaged in hostilities
with the Indians. The Federal Government
will take care, of course, if they have not sufficient
arms, to arm California in the event of a war
with a foreign power. There are, I will say to
tiie Senate, only about twenty thousand stand of
arms on the whole Pacific coast. Surely that
number is not enough. I believe the War De-
partment intends to take the necessary steps to
increase that number. We propose in this bill to
grant to the State of California, for the use of her
organized companies, a sufficient number to ena-
ble them to drill.
The committee, instead of giving what the Le-
gislature have asked for, (thirty thousand or fifty
thousand,) provide simply for eight thousand. I
think the Senator from Virginia cannot object to
that. If I had asked for fifty thousand, I should
have anticipated his objection. But when so
modest a request as this was made from so modest
a State, I did not suppose my friend from Vir-
ginia could find it m his heart to interpose any
objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that it will
make any difference what I think about it; but
in my judgment it would not be well to take up a
matter of this kind this morning. We shall prob-
ably adjourn before long.
Mr. WELLER. My chief reason was, that I
have charge of a much larger number of bills than
I shall be able to have disposed of during this
session, and I wished to take this bill up now, as
no one seemed disposed to proceed to other busi-
ness. I hope it will betaken up and voted upon.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not expect to vote for the
bill, but still I think it is right that it should be
disposed of; and, as objection has been made to
the consideration of the bill, I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
