1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Bi«ler, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge,
12van , Fitzpatiick, Foot, Foster, Gcyer, Hale, Iver-
son, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Reid, Seward, Stuart,
Toombs, Toucey, and Weller—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Hunter, Mason, Pearce, Thompson of
Kentucky, and Wade—5.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting-.
Mr.. SLIDELL. I desire to vote nay.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to receive the vote after the
result has been announced.
Mr. ADAMS. I move a reconsideration, as
there is now a quorum.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I feel certain that
the Senator from Virginia will have no objection
to this bill if he will think about it for a moment.
The proposition is a simple one. Under the laws
of Congress, every year arms are distributed to
all the States of the Union according to the ratio
of their militia strength. California has been in
the Union but a few years, and her effective mil-
itary population has increased with an astonish-
ing rapidity—much more so than any State in the
Union. She therefore has a much larger propor-
tion of men to her arms than any other State in
the Union. She has more than one hundred thou-
sand men, and but a very small proportion of
arms. This results from the fact that she has '
been drawing her proportion only for live or six
years past. We propose to obviate that difficulty
by increasing her proportion to the amount of
eight thousand stand of arms, so as to bring her
up to something like an equality with the other
States. We wish her to have a reasonable amount
of arms. If this bill be passed she will have
much fewer arms than older States of the Union,
according to her real military strength.
I am sure nobody can object to this proposition
when he looks atitasitis. If there is any other
State in the Union, that has not aproper propor-
tion of arms to her men, 1 will vote to give it to
her to-morrow. If we want to defend the coun-
try, let us give the people the means to*defend it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This matter was before
the Committee on Military Affairs, and, as a
member of the committee, I understood that the
main object was to deposit a sufficient number of
arms in the State of California to be used to
defend that State in case of invasion. Senators
must remember that California is very remote
from the seat of Government. I think it is
nothing but right and proper to that State, as
well as a just precautionary measure of defense
and protection, to have an extra number of arms
these, over and above what is necessary in other
States, because of the distance of that State from
the seat of Government. This is the consider-
ation which prompted the committee to report
the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw my objection.
I believe there is reason for a special grant to
California. The explanation is satisfactory.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The object which the
gentlemen have in view is one certainly to which
no objection can be made. That the distantpeo-
ple of California should be prepared with arms
to defend themselves in case of any national
emergency of war, is a purpose in which I think
we all agree; but whether this is the mode of
accomplishing it is the question. It is, in the
fiist place, creating an inequality between the dif-
ferent States of the Union as to the arms fur-
nished them, and to a very considerable extent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend will
allow me to make a suggestion. He is laboring
under a great misapprehension, or else the
records are all wrong. California, when she ob-
tains the additional eight thousand arms^willnot
have anything like an equal proportion with Ken-
tucky or Tennessee. Kentucky and Tennessee
have been drawing arms for thirty years; Califor-
nia? for only four or five years, and she has in-
cieased in her population much more rapidly than
Kentucky or Tennessee. We have been receiving
our quota of anas every year for a long period;
Calfornia has only been drawing them for a few
years; and if she gets the additional eight thou-
sand she will not have anything like the number
Kentucky has pro rata.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That consideration
ought, perhaps, to weigh something; but that
California has not received as much as Kentucky
is quite the natural result of the fact that she has
not existed one fourth or one fifth the length
of time in this Government that the State of Ken-
tucky has. The State of Kentucky has been pay-
ing taxes, during her existence as a State of the
Union, and bearing burdens all the while. Cali-
fornia has belonged to the Union but a short
ti.no; she is newly introduced. Kentucky has
paid a national equivalent for every arm she has i
ever received. California has obtained arms in
proportion to every service rendered by her: so
that we stand on a perfect equality as to the prin-
ciple of distribution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend will
allow me to make another suggestion. The
arms do not belong to California; they are not
given to California, but they are deposited there
by the General Government, to be used under the
order and direction of the General Government,
just as they are in the depositories of the other
States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the bill effected that
object only, I should have no objection to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is the object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think my friend will
see, if it be read again, that such is not the effect
of the bill. If it were, I should have no objec-
tion to it, for I think there ought to be a large
deposit of arms there.
Mr. WELLER. I will state to the Senator
from Kentucky that the whole number of arms
now in the State of California is equal to two
thousand five hundred and sixty muskets. At
the last election in that Siate, itmety-seven thou-
sand votes were givpn. A very small number of
that ninety-seven thousand were not capable of
bearing arms, because we have not ordinarily as |
many old persons in that State as there are in
other communities.
In 1850, 1851, and 1852, although California
had a military organization, and was equitably
entitled to receive her quota of arms, she received
none for either of those years. The ground on
which they were refused was, perhaps, the neglect
of her own officer, the adjutant general, in making
no returns to the War Department of the militia
of that State.
The Senate will perceive at once that there
must be, in that State, at least one hundred thou- ;
sand persons capable of bearing arms. We are
constantly involved in wars with the Indians on
our frontier. Experience 3ias demonstrc^d that
the State can, with her own State troops; carry
on a war against those Indians on much cheaper
terms than the Federal Government. We only
propose to place in the hands of the State of Cali-
fornia, as trustee for the Federal Government, a
sufficient number of arms to enable the organized
companies of that State to go through with their
drill. The State ha's asked, as I said before, for
fifty thousand stand of arms. I was unwilling
myself to give that number, although at the same
time I desired to sec placed in their hands all that
in my judgment were necessary for the military
companies which aie now, or dining the coming
year may be, organized in that State.
The Federal Government has only some twenty
thousand stand of arms on the whole Pacific coast.
If we were involved in a war with any foreign
Power to-morrow, the Senate wil see at once it
would be utterly impossible to arm the people of
California so as to repel an invasion, or to pre-
vent a descent from being made on that coast.
But so far as this bill is concerned, it is not to
obviate these difficulties; it is solely to put in ;
the hands of the State authorities a sufficient j
number of arms for present purposes, to be used j
by the o-ganized companies there. I hove a let- j
ter before me from the Adjutant General of the \
State of California, which accompanies the joint !
resolution of the Legislature, and was printed to- j
gether with those resolutions. In this letter he S
says:
'• This course would save to the General Government «it
leapt £100.000 per annum, now expended tn keeping the
Indiana in subjection m our terntoiy. Our volu.iteei? have
done moie successful Indian fighting during the paat eigh-
ty wi mouths in California, tlidii all the legufcr troop* upon '
this coast, and the expense will not exceed $10,000. But
\ye need aims. Our people are organizing military compa-
nies (and those which will become effective) in every
county in the State; and if we can obtain the proper supply
of munitions of war for our use, the State will build up a
force unequaled in our military history—one which will
protect the soil of this coast from any and every invading
foe wiio may seek to obtain a foothold upon the Pacific.>p
Mr. CASS. For my own part, I should be
willing to vote to deposit double and treble this
number of guns there. Certainly there are local
considerations connected with California which
require the measure to be adopted. That coun-
try is remote from us. If Maryland were invaded,
the citizens of surrounding States could pour in
within four or live hours; and we could throw in
any amount of force, and any quantity of arms.
California is almost at the other end of the world,
and it would take days and months to carry to
her competent assistance. It appears to me, every
dictate of prudence re^uiiea that the number of
arms there should be increased, not equal to the
population—that is not required; but certainly
adequate to any emergency which may suddenly
spring up.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not look on these appro-
priations in a pecuniary light at all. They are
rather a deposit of arms with the States for the
purpose of the public defense—not for any inter-
ested purpose peculiar to the State, but as a mode
of public defense. N
Now, sir, the number of electors in California,
as stated by the Senator from that State, is much
larger than the number of electors in the State
which I have the honor to represent; it is infi-
nitely more exposed; but its quota of arms will
not compare with that which has been distributed
by the General Government and deposited for
public use m my State. I think there can be no
appropriation more prudent, more economical,
more demanded by the public interests, than an
appropriation of arms to the remote State on the
Pacific, far from us, without any aid from sur-
rounding States, liable to be assailed by a foreign
for, and liable to many emergencies calling for
the exercise of military power.
What do we propose here? To appropriate to
that State the pittance of eight hundred stand of
arms in addition to the two.thousand which she
already has. I am very sure, sir, that no idea of
inequality, if it existed, would prevent this appro-
priation; but I think there is no inequality. On
the contrary, in my opinion, the new States
which are upon the frontiers, composed of peo-
ple who have left the old States and have left the
arms behind them in which they were interested,
have a right to a much larger appropriation in •
order to put them on a footing of equality with
the other States. But whether it be so or not, if
the public interests demand it in this form, cer-
tainly we can at least contribute a little to the
defense of that remote State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If it were only neces-
sary, sir, for a State to show what would be de-
sirable to them to have, and what might be ver^
useful to them to have, in order to establish an
obligation on this Government to give it and
to furnish it, there would be but little perhaps to
argue m this case. The Constitution has made
it the duty of the General Government to arm the
militia, and Congress have adopted by law a gen-
eral system for the distribution of arms in order
to accomplish that duty. New States and old
States have received their equal and equitable pro-
portion under these laws. If they have not re-
ceived thorn as yet, it is in their power to receive
them, and no doubt will receive them, whenever
the gentleman chooses to demand them in a proper
way. Here is an application for an additional
eight thousand stand of arms to be given to Cali-
fornia, over and above her proper Federal national
proportion. That, I think, is a subject for ques-
tion, and that is the point to which I call the at-
tention of the Senate.
There arc some duties here which, according
to our various senses of them, we are obliged to
perform, though they are disagreeable. I regret
to have to oppose any measure of a character local
to the interests of the constituents of any gentle-
man here wiio feels an anxiety about it. If we
would yield only to a general spirit of accommo-
dation to give all that is asked by everybody, I
wonder what Government on earth would be able
to comply with such requisitions! ^
I think that this Grovernmentis bound, m wis-
