774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
investigation. Many of them originated fifty years
.figo;and it is impossible forme to devote as much
time to their investigation as is requisite to come
to an intelligent understanding of the matters in-
volved in them. I ask, therefore, that the com-
mittee may have authority to employ a clerk, who
can assist them in looking up the laws and prece-
dents in such cases. *
Mr. H.MARSHALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri if his object in asking for
authority to employ the services of a clerk, is the
same as that just announced by the gentleman
from Louisiana ?
Mr. PORTER. I will state that the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims have had a large
amount of business referred to them during the
present session. They were not disposed, in the
early part of the session, when clerks were au-
thorized for the other committees, to ask for one
until they had had a meeting, and ascertained
whether the amount of business they were likely
to have was sufficient to make the employment
of a clerk necessary. Since that time we have
held several meetings, and have ascertained that
a very large amount of business has been referred
to us, and that it will be absolutely nccessary
that we should hove the services of a clerk to
enable us properly to discharge the duties of our
committee. I will state to the House that the
labors of that committee are not as small as some
gentlemen have seemed to indicate. They have
been so large in former sessions that clerks have
been authorized to assist them in the discharge
of their duties; and I will only state, in conclu-
sion, that the committee have instructed me to
offer this resolution because they consider the
services of a clerk absolutely necessary, and for
no other reason.
Mr. KEITT. I would inquire whether the
petitions usually in chargc of this committee have
been sent to the Court of Claims?
Mr. POUTER. They have not. This is not
the Committee on Claims; it is the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
to say that the Court of Claims have not jurisdic-
tion over the business usually referred to this
committee. Now, I understand that the juris-
diction of that court, by the very terms of the
law, extends over the business of this committee,
so far as it is opplieable, as much as to any other
committee. The labors of that committee will be
abridged by the establishment of tint court, cer-
tainly as much as those of any committee of the
House. Many of the cases that would otherwise
have gone before that committee, have doubtless
gone before the Court of Claims.
Now, I do not know, of course [ cannot kmnv,
what that committee have to do. But if the
reasons given by tin1 gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Sandidge] are the only ones for the employ-
ment of this clerk, 1 certainly should not feci my-
self authorized to vote tor it. If the servie.es of
their clerk are to be employed in hunting up the
laws and piecedents, and in furnishing decisions
for the committee, 1 certainly should not venture
to vote for the employment of any such person.
Mr. KETTT. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for a
clerk to this committee for the reason given by
the gentleman from Louisiana. I understand that
the appointment of the committees is merely to
distribute the work of the House; that its object
js to collect facts, find out precedents, and present
principles properly authenticated for the consid-
eration, and then for the action of the House.
If that be the case, and tins committee has such
multitudinous work before it, as to occupy too
much of the time of the members of the com-
mittee—time which should be properly applied
to something else—then 1 think it is the duty of
the House to throw whatever facilities may be
necessary in the way of the committee, to carry
on the public business.
By the organization of the Committee on Claims,
it has business to do which must and which ought
to come back to this House. It will go to that
oommutec; and I desire to give them every ad-
vantage for its consideration. As I understand the
decisions of that court, I am not disposed to
attach much importance to them: but 1 do desire
that those decisions shall be subjected to a close
and rigid examination. So far as I have un-
derstood its recent decisions, it has established,
of attempted to establish, principles which are at
variance with the fixed principles which regulate
congressional orlegislative action in any country.
Mr. &UITMAN". It seems to me that this
question can be readily adjusted. The business
of this House is distributed among the commit-
tees, and surely they are the best judges of what
ought to be done by us as good guardians of the
public treasure. Wherever, then, a committee
unanimously apply for a clerk, I think we/ought
to give one. Jf
The question was taken, and Mr^j^p/rER's
resolution was adopted. J
APPROPRIATION BILLS—SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved That the bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and !o! fulrlihn? treaty stipulations with vauous Indian
tribes, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857; that the
bill making appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the 5 ear ending June 30th,
lt>57 ; that the bill making appropriations for the snppoit of
the Armv for the >ear ending 30th of June, 1857; that the (
bill muKing approbations tor lortnication.sand other works •
of defense, and for icpaira of b.inaeks and quaiters for the j
year ending the 30th of June, 1857; that the hill making j
appiopriations for the legislative, executive, and judicial j
expenses of the Government for the >ear ending the 30th of :
Jutio, J8-17; that the bill makmgappropriations tor the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857; and that
the bill making appiopuations tor certain civil expenses of
the Government tor the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, be
made the bpecial order of the day for Tuesday, Apul 15th.
UV t>. at one o'clock, p. m., to be considered m the older
above named ; and tli.it they continue to be the special order
of the day, at the same hour, for every day thereafter, [Mon-
days, Fndavs,-aiul Satin days excepted,) till said bills shall
have been dt-po?ed of.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object to the resolution,
and move that it be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has not been
introduced, and the motion to lay upon the table
is therefore not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that it may be introduced.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Under the 135th rule
the general appropriation bills have precedence
of all others; and I would like to know what
necessity there is for the adoption of the rcsolu*
tion?
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for the yeas and
navs on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. LAKE. I hope the gentleman will sus-
pend his motion so that I may present a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LAKE'offered the following resolution;
which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
thev aie hereby, instructed to inquire into the piopnety of
affording the same extra pay and allowance to the officers
and men that composed the garrison of the post at Fort
Kearny, which was allowed to those that composed the
gauison of the po-*t at Fort Laiamie, under the act entitled
u An act making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1850, and for other
puiposes;" and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The question recurred on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and being put, on a division there were—
ayes 72, noes 31.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Flagler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 33.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mace in the chair.)
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON, ETC.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first busi-
ness in order was the consideration of the annual
message of the President of the United States,
aitd that upon that the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Warner] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to post-
pone the consideration of the President's mes-
sage, and to take up the bill reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means this morning,
making appropriations to restore andpreserve the
peaceable disposition of the Indian tribes on the
Pacific, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
to the gentleman from Ohio that his motion can-
not be entertained, unless the gentleman from
Georgia yields the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to yield me the floor, that I may make
the motion. I hope the committee will procced
to the consideration of the bill reported this
morning.
Mr. WARNER. I understand that if I yield
to the gentleman I shall lose my right to the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Whenever the House
again takes up the President's message, the gen-
tleman from Georgia will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. WARNER. Then I yield to the gentle
man from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now submit the motion
which 1 have stated.
The motion was agreed to; and the House pro'
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for*i*cstoring and maintaining the
peaceable disposition of the Indian tribes upon the-
Pacific, and for other purposes.
The bill, which was read in extenso, proposed
to appropriate the sum of §300,000, to be expended
under the direction of the President of the United
States, for restoring and maintaining the peace-
able disposition of the Indian tribes on the Pacific;
and also the sum of $120,000 for the purchase of
gunpowder for the Pacific coast.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to have the bill read
by sections for amendment.
The Clerk read the first section.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the
bill reported by the Clerk is the bill recommended
by the Committee of Ways and Means as an
amendment to the bill referred to it. I ask for
the reading of the original bill, so that the com-
mittee may sec the amendment proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The original bill was reported. It appropriates
$300,000, to be expended by the President of the
United States in suppressing Indian hostilities in
the Territories of Oregon and Washington.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state very briefly
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
thought proper to amend the bill which was re-
ferred. to it, as introduced by the gentleman from
Oregon, so as to make it conform to the recom-
mendation of the head of the Department of the
Interior, on which the bill is predicated. It will
be observed that the original bill seem's to contem-
plate rather a warlike contest with the Indians on
the Pacific. The Committee of Ways and Means
have thought that, perhaps, a more friendly indi-
cation of Congress on this subject, towards these
tribes, would better secure the great ends which
the gentlemen desire—peace on ^that frontier.
The recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, accompanying the President's annual
message, is that an appropriation o#$300,000 be
asked from Congress, to be expended, under the
direction of the President, in " restoring and main-
taining the peaceable disposition of the Indian
tribes on the Pacific." It might lead to a very
interesting disquisition were we to stop here to
inquire into the origin of the troubles there; but
the committee are satisfied that there is a pressing
necessity just at this time for an appropriation
of money, as recommended to be placed in the
President's hands, with a view to the cultivation
of the friendly disposition of these tribes; and
they have therefore reported an amendment to the
bill.
As to the other amendment, I will explain that
j there is recommended by the Secretary of War an
; appropriation of money to procure and send to
the Pacific coast, powder that is necessary on that
frontier. The Committee of Ways anfl. Means
reported an item in the regular bill making appro-
priations for the Army; but, in view of the cir-
: cumstances, they have thought proper to append
V
