1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
dom and in ordinary precaution, to deposit there
a quantity of arms to meet any emergency. If
the bill had for its purpose to make this deposit
of arms there, to be preserved for the exigency,
I should be content. I desire the bill to be read,
before I proceed further.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Umted States of America in Congress assembled, That,
in addition to the number of arms to winch the State of
£ahforma is entitled in the annual distribution, as author-
ized by existing laws, there shall be, immediately upon the
passage of this act, issued to that State, eight thousand
stand of arms., for the use of the State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My friend from Ten-
nessee, who has made the appeal to me, will see
that I am right and he is wrong in the construc-
tion of the bill-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should be very
happy to "concur m that opinion if I could, but I
am sure I cannot. I know that the intention of
the committee was as I have stated. If the only
objection of the Senator from Kentucky be that
it 19 not sufficiently explicit, let him propose to
amend it. It is said, distinctly, that the eight
thousand stand of arms are to be " in addition
to" those heretofore deposited. Then they con-
stitute a part of the same thing; they arc not the
property of the State; but we .are distributing
eight thousand more arms under the system
already adopted. 3f the Senator is not satisfied
with the language, he may propose a proviso that
this shall be under the law distributing arms for
deposit.
Mr. WELLER. To satisfy the Senator from
Kentucky, I am willing to consent to the inser-
tion of the word "deposited," instead of "is-
sued."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is no necessity
for the bill at all.
Mr. WELLER. That is where we differ.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Are not the proper
officers of the General Government now at lull
liberty to deposit the arms where they please?
Mr. WELLER. Not with State authorities.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am not for putting
them in the hands of State authorities. That is
the point between us. You propose to give ei hl
thousand stand of arms under the same conditions
as those received by California under the general
distribution act. That is plainly the meaning of
the bill; it has no other. Well, how do the States
dispose of them, and how will California dispose
of them? She will hand them out to the citizens,
and by the time any national emergency occurs
for the uno of arms, not one tenth, or one twenti-
eth, or one hundredth part of them will be found
fit lor use. I know it has born so everywhere
else; J know it has been so in my State, and it
has been so, as far as my information extends, in
every State. You are not preparing; for national
defense; you are giving to waste and destruction
eight thousand stand of arms. It will be very
dgieeablc to every man to have a gun for various
other purposes than those of war. That is the
use to which these arms are to be given. Cali-
fornia is to have them and to di&poso of them as
she pleases.
Now, let the gentlemen change their own bill.
They have told us how many aims have been
distributed to the State of California. Can they
answer me whether the General Government has
done its duty in depositing sufficient arms there
at that distant point, to meet any sudden public
emergency? If they have not made already such
a deposit, I am willing to make this allowance.
If you choose to control the Executive in the ex-
ercise of that discretion which it is now exercis-
ing in disposing of the public arms, by positive
law in reference to California, you may do so;
but there is no necessity for it that 1 know of.
We do not know that there has been any defect \
of duty on the part of the Executive. All this is '
perfectly plain and familiar. With these views
1 am constrained to oppose this bill 
The I RESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sena-
tor from Kentucky yield the floor to allow a mes-
sage to bo received from the other House ?
Mr. CRIT1 EN DEN. Certainly, sir.
DEATH OF HON. THOMAS H. BAYLY.
Mr. Cullom, Clerk of the House Of Represent-
atives, dchveicd the following message:
Mr. President : I am instructed by the iiuuic of Rep-
resentatives to announce to the Senate the death of the
Hon. Thomas II. Bayly, late a member of Congress from
the State of Vhginia, and to lepoit to the Senate the pro-
ceedings of the House tlieieon.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to consider the message from the House.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
The resolutions adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives were read.
Mr. MASON. I rise, Mr. President, to ask
the usual respectful official notice by the Senate
of the loss sustained by our common country, in
the death of Thomas Henry Bayly, my late col-
league, just announced to us from the House of
Representatives—a token of respect that I know
carries with it the sincere regret and unfeigned
sympathy of all in this body to whom he was
known personally or officially, because to all
such, whether agreeing with, or dissenting from,
the political cast of opinions which actuated his
public life, he was known, and recognized, and
valued, as a gentleman, a statesman, and a pa-
triot. Apparently of robust form and constitution,
it would seem that the seeds of dissolution were
slowly germinating where, to the unsuspecting
eye, there appeared only the promise of life pro-
tuicted to more than its usual span.
General Bayly was born on the eastern shore
of Virginia, in the county of Accomac, on the
11th day of December, in the year 1810, and he
departed this life at his home, in the county of
Ins birth, on the 22d of the present month, at
the age of forty-five yeais and six months. At
the close of the last Congrr\ss he left this city, for
the first time, in enfeebled health, after a service
of eleven years. He was reelected to the present
Congress, and, thouirh emaciated and feeble,
took his seat at the commencement of its session.
It became soon apparent, however, that his will
to discharge the public trust committed to him
was greater than declining health would justify,
and, at the earnest instance of his family, he con-
sented to abandon his seat, (as he thought, for a
time only,) and, accompanied by them, sought
to recruit his heallh in the milder climate of the
Island of Cuba, iJut from there he returned only
to die—in Jus native J.uid—at his own ancestral
home,and in the midst of tho*e who weie dearer
to him in life than all the world beside—lus wife
and infant children.
A letter addressed to me on the morning of his
death, by a near connexion of his family, speaks
of him in the hist scenes of life as "entirely self- !
possessed, and frequently more calm than any
around his bed. He was fully aware of his ap-
proaching end, and met it with calmness and com-
posure.' '
Befoul speaking of the deceased, Mr. Presi-
dent, uPthc country know him in maturer years,
as a gifted American statesman, or as we knew
him at home, id our State circle, as a friend and
patriot, 1 may be indulged with a brief review of
his life, in the few years that were allotted to him
in manhood.
lie came to the bar in the year 1830, agraduate
in law, and in the collegiate schools, of the Uni-
versity of Virginia.
At the age of twenty-six (the first year of his
eligibility) he was chosen by his native county
a member of the General Assembly of Virginia.
Whilst a member of the Legislature, and the year
after he entered it, he was elected by that body
a brigadier general of the militia of Eastern Vir-
ginia. He remained a member of the Legislature,
by successive annual elections, for five years,
when he resigned his seat, and was chosen a
judge of the circuit superior court of law—an
office next m jurisdiction to the suprcmecourt of
the State.
In 1844 General Bayly resigned his scat ou the
bench, and was clcctcd to the House of Repre-
sentatives from the Accomac district, m Virginia;
and remained, by successive elections, a member
of the House from that period until his death, a
term of twelve years.
Thus of the twenty years of his continuous
public service, it was the fortune and merit of
my distinguished friend and colleague to preserve
unimpaired the confidence of his varied constit- j
uency—at first of his native county, then of the
Legislature of his State, and again of a large and j
enlightened congressional district. |
It has been strongly remarked of the section [
of which the deceased wasaRepresentative, that
its public men. are seldom changed from caprice,
or other insufficient cause, by the constituent
body. The remark is just; and to whatever cause
it snould be ascribed it marks stability of pur-
pose in the popular mind. From the nature of
their pursuits and their institutions, society as-
sumes there more of the character of a patriarchal
State, than in the recurring collisions of life
which attend more dense populations. Children
pursue the paths worn by the tread of paternal
feet, and friendships and alliances become hered-
itary. Society thus superadds obligations to those
of law and judicature, and contributes much to
form the character of the citizen.
In this school my deceased colleague was bred.
He lived and died on the same spot where his
ancestors from England landed in 1666, and
where they established the family home. He
commanded the brigade which his grandfather
had commanded; and he held the .seat in the
General Assembly of his State, and in the House
of Representatives, which his father had occupied
before him. Thus, with all the incentives of an
honorable mind, he came into public life, under
responsibilities at home, which to betray would
make that home no more. He was a good ex-
emplar of such training; generous, frank, and
| liberal to the world; confiding; and true in friend-
; ships; kind, affectionate, and indulgent to those
who were of him, and with him, in the walks of
domestic life; stern only to the obligations of
honor and duty, as a man and a patriot. His
mind was well stored by reading, observation,
and experience. As a debater, prompt, able,and
lucid, and with an easy intellectual grasp, which -
gave him the mastery at once of the subject in
hand.
As a Representative in the Federal councils,
whilst acknowledging that his first duty was to
his State, he was yet always true and just to the
enlarged Federal obligations which his State had
assumed, comprehending them with views of
liberal statesmanship, and fulfilling them with
loyalty to the best interests of this great Confed-
eracy of Republics. He has descended to the
tomb, ripe in years and in fame, leaving behind
him, as the richest legacy to his descendants, a
name unspotted as a man and a patriot.
I ask of the Senate the adoption of the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate receives with sincere regret
the announcement of the death of the Hon. Thomas II.
JJayi.y, late a member of the House of Representatives
fiom tlje State of Virginia, and tenders to the relatives of
the decease! the assurance of tbeir sympathy with them
under tlic bereavement they have been called to sustain.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be dnected
to transmit to the family of Mr. Bayly a certified copy of
the foregoing resolutions.
Resolved, As a maik of respect for the memory of the
deceased, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have listened
with deep interest to the appropriate and affec-
tionate testimonial which has just been offered
by the Senator from Virginia to the character, Ser-
vices, and worth of his departed colleague of the
House of Representatives; and I rise to add my
tribute of sincere regard to his memory. I en-
joyed during some years the pleasure of his
acquaintance—friendship I feel it was; and time,
as it passed over us, served but to confirm my
impressions of his noble qualifications of head
and heart. In my long experience of the world,
I have met but few men gifted with eoual vigor
and grasp of intellect, guided by calm and sound
judgment. His mind was disciplined by study
and reflection; and with almost intuitive sagacity
he could separate truth from error. His congres-
sional efforts in debate were models of enlarged
views, and just and liberal sentiments, eloquently
expressed, and, when requiring it, of ciose and
clear reasoning; and upon questions of constitu-
tional law he exhibited rare powers of analysis.
Though the Representative of a district, he pos-
sessed national patriotism which elevated him
above mere local considerations, and which taught
him that, while he was a Virginian, he was not
less an American; and that both relations within
their respective spheres had equal claims upon his
duty and his regard.
High principles, with a refined sense of honor,
ever present, and ever active, were a part of ftis
moral constitution. And thus he went through
life without stain, and without reproach, preserv-
ing ail his amenities, and with a kindliness of
