1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
disposition, and a warmth of attachment, which
those appreciated most who knew him best.
We have heard his character eloquently por-
trayed by one more.competent to the task than I
am; but all he said was said with truth and fidel-
ity, and recalled his distinctive traits vividly to
my recollection.
i shall not touch his work. I could not do it
without injury. He placed the features of our
departed friend upon the canvas, and there they
are lifelike, and as he was. But he is gone—
gone, in the midst of his days and his useful-
ness. Gone, at the dark hour when patriotic
devotion, when experience and wisdom, and
knowledge and virtue, are more than ever re-
quired m the councils of our country. He has
left his memory and his example a pi ecious legacy
to encourage others to follow him in the path of
duty and of honor. May it not prove a barren
memorial!
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, in 1840, be-
fore I had personally metTnoMAS H. Bayly, and
while he was yet young, I encountered him in a
controversy conducted by him in the Legislature
of Virginia, and by myself, as an executive magis-
trate of New York; and I felt his ability and
power, while I was compelled also to acknowl-
edge his manliness and dignified bearing. In
1850 we met here prepared, 1 think, by mutual
respect, to be courteous adversaries. We re-
mained in that relation toward each other until
last December, when he, then departing with a
forlorn hope to Cuba, but deeply impressed with
a conviction that his disease had already become
incurable, took his thoughts off from earth and
its ambitions, and fixed them upon a higher
sphere, its mysteries and its promises. I then
became his friend. I would not intrude on the
solemn offices now performed herewith so much
propriety and justice by his immediate associates,
further than to add the testimony of ono whom
the world regards as a stranger, and may possi-
bly have erroneously* considered an enemy, to
the deceased, to the truth of the highest praises
which have been bestowed on this eminent Vir-
ginia statesman. He was a man of practical
ability, of genius, and of magnanimity. Let no
one censure me for throwing a simple wild flower
among the wreaths that gather upon the bier that
is passing before us, and opening our own way to-
wards that scene where we all, whether we shall
have parted here as friends or enemies, shall
meet again in the presence of the common Father
and Judge of all men.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 27, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OF THE STATE OF KANSAS.
The SPEAKER, stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 431) for the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union; upon which the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Sir. STEPHENS. I do not wish to address
the House upon the bill before us until the amend-
ment which I propose to offer shall have been
printed. I ask that my amendment may be
printed. It will be ready by to-morrow; and as
there are other bills upon which the House can
occupy their attention to-day, I do not desire to
address it now.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House, yesterday, referred the bill
providing for the punishment of polygamy in the
Territories of the United States and other places
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; which motion was ordered to be
entered on the Journal. *
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asiiur.v Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles; m which he asKcd
the concurrence of the House:
An act for the construction of a military road
from some point in the State of Missouri, via
Great Salt Lake City, to the Carson Valley set-
tlement, on the frontier of the State of California,
and for the establishment of military posts and
the sinking of wells thereupon; and
A resolution for the relief of the sugar planters
of Louisiana.
DEATH OF HON. THOMAS H. BAYLY.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I have risen
to announce to the House the death of my friend
and colleague,Thomas Henry Bayly. In mak-
ing this announcement, I perform the most painful
service that, as a member of this body, I have
been ever called on to discharge.
Judge Bayly died of consumption, at his resi-
dence in Accomac county, Virginia, at four o'clock,
on the morning of the 22d day of this month.
Such had been the progress of his insidious
disease, from its first obscufe and doubtful indi-
cations, more than a year ago, to its full develop-
ment and fatal termination, that there were but
lew who did not see—and none more clearly than
himself—that only a brief period of life remained
to him. But there was one who could not believe
that an affliction was near, which, if present,
would be so overwhelming—who could not see
in the future what, even in the dread reality,
would seem unreal. It was, then, only to indulge
the wishes of those who trusted that a milder cli-
mate would soon restore his health and strength,
that Judge Bayly consented to quit his public
duties in Washington, and spend the winter in
the Island of Cuba. But he was not cheatedby j
the hopes that inspired them. To me, and'to
other friends, he repeatedly expressed his convic-
tion that the malady, which had been so fatal to
his race, had stricken him, too, unto death. But
there was nothing of gloom or despondency m
these declarations. He seempxl to be but weigh-
ing the evidence and scanning the arguments in
this, his own case of life and death, as if still
exercising the judicial office with which he had
once been invested.
After taking bis seat in this House, at the
commencement of the session, and remaining here
a few days, he went with liis whole family to
Cuba, where he staid till the month of April. But,
as he had too plainly foreseen, neither the genial
atmosphere of that island, northe assiduous care
of a devoted wife, and daughter, could stay the
course of his disease. He returned home, with
only such slight evidences of outward alteration,
that, as Affection could not perceive that his condi-
tion was worse, Hope suggested that it was even
improved. Butonly a little more than a fortnight
ago, these cherished delusions were forever dis-
pelled. Judge Bayly was attacked with frequent
and piofuse bleedings from the lungs, wRich rap-
idly exhausted his little remaining strength. He
now felt and knew that his p'nd was near, but he
regarded it with the same composure ho had ex-
hibited on a more distant contemplation of it. He
never lost his self-possession, but frequently dis-
played more calmness than those who surrounded
his'bed; and he submitted to the filial stroke with
a composure that was truly remarkable. He died
before completing his forty-sixth year.
Judge Bayly was born in the county of Ac-
comac, on the 11th of December, 1810. He was
not, as were many of the statesmen of America,
reared amid privation and difficulty. If, with our
imperfect perception of the dependence of human
events, wc can ever be warranted m pronouncing
such judgments, he may, in all the circum-
stances of his life, be said to have been fortunate.
The confidence of his constituents, to which
his own merits gave him a persona^ title, was
strengthened by a sort of ancestral claim; for his
maternalgrandfathfr, General John Cropper, was
a distinguished officer in the Continental army;
and his father, Colonel Thomas M. Bayly, was,
with little intermission, for nearly forty years
continued by the people in high and important
trusts, both in the councils of the State and of
the Union. He represented, in this House, a
portion of the same district that was lately rep-
resented by his son.
In 1830, after having completed his course of
legal studies at the University of Virginia, Judge
Bayly commenced the practice of the law. It was
not long before his distinction at the bar chal-
lenged the notice of the people of his native
county; and, as soon as he had attained the age
required by the constitution of the State, he was
elected to represent them in the General Assem-
bly. Of this body he remained a prominent and
conspicuous member, displaying, on frequent
oceasions, to the people of Virginia, those abil-
ities which have been since so generally acknowl-
edged throughout the Union, until he was trans-
ferred by the Legislature to the bench of the gen-
eral court, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the
appointmentof thelate JudgeUpshuras Secretary
of the Navy. He continued but two years upon the
bench, though the employments of his jadicial
office were so grateful to his personal tastes that
they were only reluctantly abandoned. The ap-
pointment of Mr. Wise as Minister to Brazil left
vacant the district he had represented in Con-
gress, and the call upon Judge Bayly, by the
members of his political party, was so emphatic,
and even peremptory, that, though they were
deemed to be in an almost hopeless minority, he
resigned his judicial office, and commenced ail
active canvass for a seat on this floor. He was
chosen by a large majority; and the .six succes-
sive elections by wliicfi he has been since returned
to this House, and sometimes in the face of oppo-
sition that seemed to be formidable, have evinced
the continuance of that confidence in his ability,
integrity, and patriotism, which induced the first
selection.
Those of us who have served with him for
some years past know with what readiness and
ease he acquitted himself of the responsibilities of
the high positions to which lie was assigned in this
House. Whatever might be the suggestions of
political antagonism, or the promptings ef per-
sonal rivalry, all felt that, in his liat.vc ability,
his parliamentary experience, and his knowledge
of affairs, he was equal to the varied and import-
ant duties devolved upon him.
During the long period of Judge Bayly's ser-
vice, questions of the greatest public concern-
ment have engaged the attention of Congress. In
the discussion of all, or nearly all, he bore a prom-
inent part. If he did not always succeed m im-
pressing his hearers with the justness of his views,
he rarely failed to show them that they were such
as demanded noticc and needed a reply. But
though, on subjects which seemed to him to merit
full discussion, he spoke often, he did not speak
more often than the temper of the House allowed.
He was always a welcome speaker; for—more,
perhaps, than is usual in this body—he spoke to
the House, and for the House. His speeches,
though never fashioned by artistic rules, pos-
sessed, in an eminent degree, the requisites of an
epic poem, quaintly demanded by an ancient
rhetorician—a beginning, a middle, and an end.
He only spoke when he had something to say,
and always ended when he had said it.
The character of his public speaking was force,
strength, clearness of statement, and simplicity
of arrangement. In marshaling his own a*
mentis, and m reviewing those of his adver-siMf
he neither practiced nor applied the artificial rules
of dialectics. He would have been logical if lie
had never heard of Aristotle. Of metaphor he
made but frugal use, for his meaning was so
plainly reflected in his statements, as hardly to
admit of illustration; and of refined and polished
phraseology he was not merely careless, but al-
most disdainful. He seemed to think that the
roughness of the oak was essential to its strength.
It would have been impossible for one of Judge
Bayly's bold and sanguine temperament, espe-
cially amid the fierce contentions that have, un-
happily, marked the period of his service m Con-
gress, tdwavs to avoid the giving or the taking
of offense. " But he had no aptness for strife; and
he was not unmindful that the rude insult and
the unmannerly speech left astain rather upon the
character of the speaker than upon the party to-
wards whom they were directed. He was essen-
! tially good-tempered and amiable, and as prompt
I to make acknowledgment and reparation of
! wrong done by himself, as he was ready to for-
,! give it in others.
r As a statesman he was prudent, cautious,
ij moderate. From the Commit) ee on Foreign Af-
fairs, during his four years of service as its chair-
man, no rash counsels ever came to disturb tne
public tranquillity, or to sully the national iepu-
tatinn. He regarded even a just war as a gieat
calamity, and, when unnecessary and wanton, as
