7W
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81,
the letter. I merely read the statements that it
contains for the purpose of bringing the attention
Of the committee to the fact that there is diversity
. of opinion on the subject of these Indian hostili-
ties, and that it should be our duty to inquire into
|he facts of the ease.
•Mr. FAUJL.KNER. Mr. Chairman, with the
permission of the gentleman from Tennessee, I
will state that the question of Indian hostilities
in Oregon and "Washington is now before the
Committee on Military Affairs for its investiga-
tion. We shall have to enter into an examination
of the conduct of General Wool, of Governor
Curry, and into the propriety of calling out the
volunteers of the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, because we have before us the application
for the payment of these volunteers for their ser-
vices. The committee will carefully investigate
all these matters, and report upon them to the
House.
There was adopted,this morning,on mymotion,
a resolution to procure all the information in re-
gard to the Indian depredations in Oregon and
Washington Territories that can be had, not only
in the War Department, but also in the Indian
bureau. This information we may have in the
course of two or three days. The bill before the
body does not properly involve an inquiry into
the conduct of either General Wool or Governor
Curry, or that of the volunteers of Oregon and
Washington Territories. The proposition is sim-
ply to place at the disposal of the Indian depart-
ment a sum of money solely for the purpose of
securing and maintaining amicable relations with
the friendly Indians, who have already been of
such signal service to us in the warfare which
has been going on in those Territories.
Mr. READY. I should regret very much if
the gentleman from Virginia had so fiumble an
opinion of my judgment as to suppose that I did
not, before I spoke., understand the object of the
bill which has been reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means this morning. I will not
attribute to him 
Mr. FAULKNER. I supposed that the gentle-
man might not be aware that there is an application
pending before the Committee on Military Affairs
to pay the volunteers who have been called out
in this exigency. That application involves the
whole of the inquiry whicn thegenileman is now
discussing, arid which will receive a careful in-
vestigation from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, the result of which investigation will be laid
before this House, and will afford it full informa-
tion upon the subject. I supposed the gentleman
might not be asvare of that fact, and tliat he was
thus prematurely pressing an inquiry upon a
matter which is not germane to the subject now
under consideration. In the course of a very
few days the whole subjcct will be placcd intel-
ligently before this body, when the gentleman
from Tennessee may very properly present those
views in connection with the subject' with which
he is now somewhat irregularly engaging the
attention of the House.
Mr, HEADY". Of course I was not aware
that the subject was before the Committee on
Military Allans in the form in which the gentle-
man from Virginia now states it. .But that is
perfectly immaterial to my object. Permit m^
to say, that the gentleman from Virginia has
wholly misconceived the object I have in view
in presenting and reading the extracts I have
read. It is not my object to enter into an investi-
gation of the conduct of General Wool, either
to criminate or to exculpate; nor is it my object
to make charges against the volunteers in the
Terntoty of Otcgon. But I find these statements
going the round of the public journals. We are
acting upon this whole subject very much upon
newspaper paragraphs. The gentleman from
Oregon, [Air. Lvxe,] the other day, when he
called the attention of the House to the Indian
depredations in Oregon, based his remarks mainly
upon newspaper paragraphs. Of that 1 do not
complain. I do not think it was at all improper.
Mr. CiClTMAN. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to remind inm that on this
(juesuon, upon which we are now acting, we arc
acting upon the best authority—upon the recom-
mendation of the President of the United States,
submitted to this House in a spccial message
upon the subject5
Mr. &KADY. If I had been permitted to go
on without interruption, and conclude the fe$
remarks I designed to submit, I should have been
through long since. I am sorry that so many
gentlemen seem to have misunderstood me. I
distinctly stated, at the outset of my remarks,
that I was not disposed to throw any obstacle in
the way of action upon this bill. I approve of
the bill as reported to the committee, and intend
to vote for it, but I wanted to obtaife an explana-
tion from the Delegate from Oregon, and for that
purpose I particularly called the attention of the
gentleman to the reports which had been pub-
lished m the newspapers. I sincerely hope that
the volunteers and the citizens of Oregon have
been grossly slandered by these anonymous
newspaper publications, and therefore I have
called the attention pf the committee and of the
Delegate from Oregon to those publications, in
order that he might set himself and his constitu-
ents right upon thatpoint; and in order that, if such
publications have had any unfavorable influence
upon the minds of members in reference tp the
propriety of interposing for the defense of the
Pacific Territories, the explanation which I have
no doubt the gentleman will be able to make may
remove those objections.
Mr. LANE. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Tennessee for calling my atten-
tion to the paragraphs which he has just read;
an<3 I am very glad to have the opportunity to
vindicate the character of the people of Oregon.
And, sir, when the time shall arrive that I can
have a full opportunity to do so, I shall be able
to satisfy every gentleman upon this floor that
the people of Oregon Territory are in no way to
blame for the war with the Indians, which is now
in progress in Oregon, and which has been going on
since leyst October. We have, sir, in that Territory
a Governor who has lived in Oregon since the
year 1845. He is a peaceable, quiet, orderly,
sensible, and practical man, and in all the troubles
which the settlers have had in settling that Ter-
ritory, he has uniformly been found up©n the
side of peace, whenever peace could be had with
safety to the people and security to the lives of
families m that Territory.
The people of Oregon Territory are a peaceable,
law-abiding, orderly people; and they are also a
gallant people. They have taken pains ever since
I became acquainted with the country, to culti-
vate the most friendly feeling with the Indians.
They lived in the same valleys and districts of
country with the Indians, and they were anxious
to do all they could to maintain friendly rela-
tions with them; for we had among our earlier
settlers many missionaries, who had been sent
there for the purpose of civilizing and Christian-
izing the Indians, and of teaching them the arts
of civilization, and the habits and customs of men
in a higher and improved social position, as far
as the dispositions and habitudes of the abori-
ginal tribes admit of their elevation to the social
and moral attainments of the European races.
To this end many devoted men labored with
an assiduity and a zeal which attested the sin-
cerity and earnestness of their desire to reclaim
these untaught children of nature, and place them
on the catalogue of christianized and enlightened
nations. Among those who thus labored faith-
fully and unremittingly, and with a singleness
of purpose and self-sacrificing zeal which com-
manded the admiration and respect of all who
observed his devoted and untiring labors, was
the Rev. Marcus Whitman. Never, in my opin-
ion, did missionary go forth to the field of his
labors animated by a nobier purpose or devote
himself to his task with more earnestness and
sincerity than this meek and Christian man. He
arrived'in Oregon in 1842, and established his
mission in the Wylatpee country, east of the
Cascade mountains, and devoted his entire time
to the education and improvement of the Indians,
teaching them the arts of civilization, the mode
of cultivating the soil, to plant, to sow, to reap,
and to do all the duties which pertain to civilized
man. He erected mills, plowed their ground,
sowed their crops, and assisted m gathering in
t their harvests. About the time he had succeeded
j in teaching them some of these arts, and the
| means of using some of these advantages, they
; rose against him, without cause and without
i notice, and massacred him and his wife, and many
| others who were at the mission at the time.
• 1 mention these things, Mr. Chairman, to give
y.ou an ide,a of the treacherous and ungrateful
character of the Indians in Oregon. The blood
of Whitman, their greatest benefactor, was.the
first blood of the whites which was shed by them
in that Territory, and from that day to the pres-
ent, they have commenced all the wars which
have taken place between them and the white
settlers. This 1 say in justice to the people of
that Territory, and to vindicate them from what I
cpnsider unfounded and unjust imputations upon
their courage and honor. I regret very much,
sir, that it is necessary, in defense of truth and
justice, to place ir^^elf in opposition to the reports
of General Wool. He is my old commander. I
know him to be a good soldier, a gallant man,
and an accomplished officer. But I know, as far
as the reports arc concerned relating to Oregon
Territory, that he is mistaken, and that the re-
ports are not true. The war was commenced in
Oregon, as I stated the other day, by the Indians
on the white people. It was not instigated by .
any act of the whites—not induced by any vio-
lence on the part of citizens of that Territory.
As I then stated, the Indians commenced the
slaughter of the white people, from the southern
portion of Oregon to the northern extreme of
Washington, at the very same time, the same
week of the same month, the 8th, 9th, and 10th
days of October.
In confirmation of this statement, I will read
the following extract from the letter of Captain
Hewitt, dated November, 1855:
" After two days flferd work, we reached the house of Mr.
Cox, which we tound robbed. Wc then proceeded to Mr.
Jones's. His house was burned to ashes, and Mr. Jones, who
was sick at the time, \v<i-> burned m it. Mrs. Jones was found
about thirty yard? fiom the house, shot through the lungs,
face and jaws horribly broken and mutilated. Tiiebonesor
Mr. Jones were found, the flesh having been mostly eaten
off by the hogs. We found Ooopei, who'nad been living with
Jones, about one hundred and fifty yards from the house,
shot through the lungs, the ball having entered his left, breast.
Proceeded to the house of W. H. Brown. Mrs. Brown and
child were found in the well,her head downwards ; she had
been stabbed to the heart; also stabbed in the back and tfyo
back part of the head. The child was below her, and had
no marks of violence upon it. Mr. Brown was found in the
house, literally cut to pieces. His arms and legs were badly
cut, and I should think there were as many as ten or fiiteen
stabs in his back. After burying the remains of the bodies
as well us circumstances would permit, we proceeded to the
house of Mr. King, which we found burned to ashes, and
the most horrible spectacle of all awaited us—Mr. Jones,
who had lived with him, and two little children, were buinea
m the house; the body of Mr. King, after being roasted, was
eaten almost entirely up by the hogs. Mrs. King was lying
about thirty yards from the house almost m a state of nudi-
ty, shot apparently through the heart, and her left hi east cut
off; she was cut open from the pit of the stomach to about
the center of the abdomen; intestines pulled out on either
side. We performed the la t sad rites over tile slain, and
returned to our camp."
Now, sir, but a few days before these massa-
cres were perpetrated here, on or near ^uget's
Sound, hostilities had commenced in southern
Oregon, more than six hundred miles distant. Can
General Wool or any other sensible man, pretend
to say that killing off Indians on Rogue river was
the cause of these murderous outrages ?
I will present another extract of a letter from
Rogue river valley, a few days before this massa-
cre occurred:
" The greater portion of the enemy have taken to the
mountains, and carried with them a large amount of stock
nnd other property. Thirty persons have been murdered by
them between Jewett's ferry, on Rogue river, and Turner's,
on Cow cieek. It is now ascertained that Haynes's family
have also been massacred."
Now, to show you that General Wool is mis-
j! taken, that his judgment has been hastily formed
;j and upon erroneous and false data—perhaps the
j; willful misrepresentations of others, who thought
11 by traduction of our people to subserve their own
|| interests, or at least to gratify their passions—
; I ask your attention to the maps which I have
caused to be placed in view of the members of
the House, and upon which they can observe the
relative position and distances of the several
localities which form the seat, or more properly
speaking, the seats of war. On the .east of the
Cascade mountains, which you observe running
parallel with the coast, at an average distance of
one hundred miles, is the region or district called
the " Yacoma country." In this country, before
hostilities had commenced in the shape of regular
warfare, the Indians killed Mr. Matnce,a gentle-
man who was traveling through the country.
The agent, Mr. Bolan, hearing of the outrage,
went into the country to ascertain the facts, and
if possible bring the perpetrators to justice and
