1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
a crime of tlie deepest atrocity. He If new that the
honor of a nation was an elementof.its strength;
. and he knew, too, that national dignity some-
times suffers disparagement from that distrust
of its own claims which jealously appropriates
insults neither offered nor intended.
Of Judge Bayly, in the more intimate and en-
dearing relations of husband, father, friend, I
will not trust myself to speak. The memories
of those who stand within this sacred circle will
cherish his domestic and social virtues not the
less warmly that they serve but to increase the
sense of their affliction. >•
From his entrance into public life, Judge Bayly
has always been the earnest and enthusiastic
disciple of that school of politics of which Mr.
Jefferson was probably the most illustrious ex-
pounder, and his own State has perhaps been not
the least vigilant guardian. He resisted the ex-
ercise of all authority by any of the Departments
of this Government to which the States that
formed it had not plainly consented. He regarded
the exercise of such authority as not merely an
usurpation which, being forbidden, no expected
advantages could justify, but as surely tending to
the most calamitous results. A subjection to
the common control of those interests which, be-
cause they were peculiar, were intentionally and
wisely withheld from it, he ccfhceived would
surely precipitate the evils which had been fore-
seen and provided against; and, as a sincere friend
and supporter of the Union of the States, he be-
lieved that "nothing could better insure its perma-
nency, and maintain the repose of the country,
than a rigid application of the principles of his
own political school. .Though, in these views
of constitutional construction, Judge Bayly may
not have differed from the people of his district,
yet it may be regarded as a remarkable proof of
their confidence in him, alike honorable to both,
that, throughout the whole period of his service,
the party organization with which lie was con-
nected never commanded a majority of their
votes. Yet, difficult and embarrassing as was
his position—strongly tempted as he must have
been to make his public course conform rather
with his fancied personal interests, than with his
assured convictions, lie did not hesitate to main-
tain and defend the measures and the principles
of tfie great party of whieh he had enrolled him-
self a member.
That such a man should be withdrawn, and at
such a time, from the service of his district and
of his country, may well inspire the deepest sor-
row.
How often, Mr. Speaker, on such occasions as
this, when called to mourn the loss of those who
are early arrested m an useful and honorable
career, are we told of the vanity and emptiness
of human life ! How often is it said that life is
butadream—a shadow ! This coldand mischiev-
ous doti;ma of a false philosophy is sometimes
even offered to our acceptance as religious truth.
do not so read the lesson of human life.
Hpf sir, let us rather believe that we are in the
midst of dread realities. Let us understand that
we have already entered upon that course of being,
of whose duration, though there be but little this
side the grave, there still shall be no end —that
we have commenced to act our several parts, and
that of all we do, and say, and think, nothing
eha.ll be lost,—nothing blotted out. Let us know
that each idle and unconsidered word will bear its
own account to the Eternal Judgment Seat; and
Ihen shall wo begin to have juster conceptions of
our duties ahd our responsibilities. Then, indeed,
sir, would we, even as members of this body, be
instructed in those lessons of gentleness, courtesy,
and mutual respect which our rules would incul-
cate, arid learn under what high sanctions their
observance is commanded.
Mr. Speaker, I submit to the House the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has received with deep sensi-
bility the announcement of the death of Hen. Thomas h.
Bayly, a member of thi- iiou.se from the Slate of Virginia.
Reioh ed, That this House tenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy 111 tins afflicting
event; arid as a testimonial of respect for his memory, the
members and officers of this House wili wear the usual
badge of mo'irmticr for thirty days.
Itesolccd* That the Clerk of this House he directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the clect-a-st'd, and al o to tlie Senate.
Resolved, That, ns a frmhei testimonial of respect for the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the indulgence
of the House for a moment for the simple pur-
pose of expressing my cordial concurrence in
this tribute of respect to our deceased associate.
It is now nearly thirteen years since I first took
my seat as a member of this body. A few months
thereafter Judge Bayly took his seat. Of those
who at that time entered, with us upon congres-
sional life as members of the House, there are
now left but six members in this body. What a
commentary does this statement contain upon the
contests and struggles and associations of polit-
ical life ! Many of our associates of the Twenty-
Eighth Congress have sought the more congenial.
walks of private life. Some have found a grati-
fication of their ambition in other departments of
the public service; whilst not a few, like our de-
ceased friend, have been gathered to their fathers.
A few short years, and the same truth may be
spoken of those by whom I am to-day surround-
ed. May we not learr>from this impressive lesson
how small is the sacrifice which we make in
yielding our mere personal interests, views, and
aspirations, upon the altar of our country's good ?
And yet how reluctant we are too often to make
that sacrifice!
From my first acquaintance with Judge Bayly,
our relationship was pleasant and agreeable, and
during a portion of our service together it was
intimate and confidential; and I may add that, 111
recurring to it, there is not the remembrance of
a single circumstance to mar the pleasure with
which I recall it to my memory. I know him as
a member of this House; in the walks of social
life; around the family fireside; as a personal and
as a, political friend; in the hour of triumph and in
the hour of adversity; and 1 can with truth say,
that in each and every situation f found some
new feature developing itself in his character,
challenging my admiration, and strengthening my
regard and confidence. Ilere, upon the arena of
his greatest usefulness and most enlarged action
—in the presence of those who were associated
with him in the public councils, it is unnecessary
to speak of his ability as a debater, or his merit
as a faithful and efficient Representative. The
record of our debates, in which he took an active
part on all important questions, will speak Ins
praise more eloquently than I could possibly hope
to do. Clear, forcible, and ener^rMie as a speaker,
he always commanded the attention oT the House,
the respect of his opponents, and the admiration
of his friends; and no one ever listened to his
argument on an important subject without feeling
an increased respect for his talent, and deriving
benefit from the learning and research which he
always brought into the discussion.
But, sir, it gives me sincere pleasure to bear
my humble testimony to those higher qualities
of the heart which illustrated the life of Judge
Bayly, and endears his memory to those who had
the good fortune to pnjoy his private confidence
and friendship. As a friend, he was true and
faithful; and if called upon to point to the peculiar
characteristic of that friendship, I should say, it
was the absence of ail selfishness. He was
possessed of that moral courage which enabled
him to come to the supportand defense of a friend
with an ardor and energy increased and strength-
ened by the dangers, difficulties, and embarrass-
ments of the occasion. He left to others the dis-
charge of those formal duties which friendship
imposed, and reserved for his own action the
more trying, and therefore the more honorable,
post of standing by his friends in the hour of
danger and adversity. Rut, sir, 1 have not risen
to attempt a delineation of the character of Judge
Bayly: that duty has already been performed,
and well performed, by his friends and colleagues.
My purpose in addressing the House is accom-
plished in tendering to his family, his friends,
and his State, the heartfelt sympathies of a per-
sonal friend.
Mr. GOODK. Mr. Speaker, a mournful task
has been performed—a solemn truth has been
announced—Death has struck down a noble vic-
tim. Tiiomas H. Bayly is no more—lie is dead!
So long, so favorably known 5 he has sunk into the
'grave, and passed away to the world of spirits.
My honorable colleague from the Norfolk dis-
trict has been called to the performance of a public
duty, and a pious trust. On him it has devolved
to announce to Congress and the country our loss
in the death of an able, useful, and distinguished
public servant. To announce to Virginia—dis-
tressed Virginia—her bereavement in the death
of her honored son. To condole with the family
and friends bereft—to offer the sympathies of
Congress to those to whom, in their moment of
present distress, all expression of sympathy can
but seem the mockery of anguish.
~ On him it has devolved to collate and present
the leading incidents in the life of our friend, and
well has that duty been performed. Already are
those incidents beautifully, though sorrowfully,
inscribed on the page of mourning in our coun-
try's history. To me, sir, it is only left to come
forward, mid the clustering memories of the past,
to pour out the spontaneous offerings of friend-
ship.
Sir, the fallen and the dead was my friend.
Perhaps it was my fortune to have known him
longer than any other member of the present Con-
gress. Our acquaintance extended through the
long term of twenty years. Through far the
greater portion of that term, I stood to him in the
relation of a personal, political, and confidential"
friend. I was associated with him through the
active scenes of early manhood, when health and
hope survived to both. Through several sessions
of the General Assembly of our native State, I
acted with him on those important and trying
occasions when he developed those powers, and
signalized himself by those achievements, which
secured to him, in such large degree, the confidence
and favor of his State. I knew him in the walks
of private life—in the social and domestic circle.
I So far as the luxury of domestic life is vouch-
! safed at all to public men engaged in the actual
discharge of public duties, sir, I enjoyed the
most ample opportunity to search his heart and
prove his worth. I knew him to admire.
Sir, Congress has known him, and the country
has known him, as a public man. You have
known him as a citizen honored by his State—
honored with high military commission—honored
as a judge while yet a youth—honored as a
member of the House of Delegates of Virginia—
as a member of the House of Representatives in
the Congress of the United States—honored as
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
—as chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations—honored as the man ever equal to the
elevated position to which he was called.
You have known him as a ready and an able
debater—as an expert tactician and parliamenta-
rian. You have known him as a statesman—sa-
gacious, of comprehensive and expansive views.
In public position, his public conduct has enabled
you to form a just estimate of his public char-
acter. To know his moral and social worth—the
virtues of his heart—the real merit of his char-
acter, it was important to know him, as I did, as
master, neighbor, husband, father, friend.
Mr. Speaker, I know full well, that the many
hallowed recollections—so grateful, so mourn-
fully grateful to me—can offer little interest to
those bearing no similar relations to the dead.
Sir, I forbear. My task is accomplished. It is
finished.
Withdrawing for a season from the fierce and
fiery conflicts of this House—retiring before the
storm of the raging elements—the flagrant war of
contending factions, I snatch this instant of fleet-
ing time, to go forth in the silence and solitude
of nature, to search out the sccluded and seques-
tered spot, there to pour forth the gushing tri-
bute of the heart, and plant a flower, this simple
flower, to mark the grave of my departed friend.
Mr. CAMPBBLL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the
colleagues and friends of the deceased expect
nothing more from me than my vote on the pend-
ing resolutions. It is in justice to my own feel-
ings that I propose to submit a few words in addi-
tion to those so well and truthfully uttered by the
gentlemen who have preceded me. I have been
a member of this House with him'since 1849;
and it is my lot to occupy toward this Congress
the same relation which he occupied toward the
■ Thirty-First Congress, in which first we met.
Although we differed widely in our political senti-
ments, I bear testimony |hat his intercourse with
his fellow-members was always characterized by
personal kindness. As chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, he discharged tiie
functions of that arduous and responsible position
with distinguished ability, as he did subsequent-
ly those pertaining to the chairmanship of the
