1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
shall pass this bill as it was drawn by the Sena-
tor from Georgia, or as it was amended by the
Committee on Territories, and if the other House,
contrary to all my expectations, should concur
in it, the effect will be that, during the whole
period preceding the elections this fall, the excite-
ment will be vastly increased, the " civium ardor
prava jubentium" will be unrestrained and ungov-
ernable, and this violent struggle will be protracted
into the next session of Congress, when the State
is to present herself, according to the terms of
this unhappy measure, for admission. Then the
excitement will not merely rival, but far surpass,
all the excitement of 1820. We shall have a con-
troversy such as weliave never known before—
such as men saw but " as through a glass, dark-
ly," in 1820, and such as you and others here, who
were too young to participate in that excitement,
have never known anything of before. Why
rack the joints of this great and glorious fabric?
Why strain its power and capacity of endurance ?
Why risk anything when there is so little neces-
sity for bringing in Kansas as a State at this
period? Why not wait, as I have before entreated
you, for the healing influence of time ? Why not
let us have the benefit ef the long chapter of acci-
dents before us? Why press forward rashly and
recklessly, when, if you will but correct the vicious
legislation in this Territory, and make adequate
provision for fair elections in future, and let the
subject of admission of the State sleep, a few
years hence, the public mind may, and probably
will, have settled down calmly and quietly, and
the majority on the one side or other in Kansas
will be honorably fixed and settled ? Every Ameri-
can will acquiesce in the will of the majority when
that majority is fairly and legally obtained, for
every American mother teaches that living prin-
ciple to her child; and finally, Kansas will come
into the Union of States with her sister Territo-
ries, without a convulsion, and without any alarm
to any patriot. But now, the mere passage of a
bill to admit this Territory as a State will in-
crease tenfold the/urorof the contending sections
of this Confederacy. I will not say this Union
is not strong enough to bear up under even such
a storm as that. I have such hope, such confi-
dence in the strength of it, that 1 am not willing
to believe it can be destroyed; but I will never
agree to try experiments upon it.
I have said I thought I erred when, in drawing
a bill to restore peace'in Kansas, 1 consented to
follow the example of the Committee on Terri-
tories, by providing for the admission of the Ter-
ritory as a State so soon as they have the ratio
requisite forone Representative in the other House
of Congress. The Senatorfrom Missouri determ-
ined when he drew his bill, which adopted in
other respects the general plan of mine, to hold
in the grasp of Congress tne right to decide this
question of admission as and when Congress
should see fit. His bill proceeded, as mine did,
to*aulhorize a new Territorial Legislature to be
elected, proposed to provide for a just census and
apportionment of representation, but was entirely
defective in making no provision to repeal the
unjust and oppressive laws of the Kansas Legis-
lature. I understand he now proposes to amend
this bill by inserting, by way-of amendment, the
same provision substantially which I proposed
for the repeal of some of these laws. If his prop-
osition shall fall short of what I have proposed, as
I fear it will, and should fail to do entire justice,
it ought to be rejected, and the bill should fail
with it. If his proposal shall be adequate for the
purpose of fair and honorable justice, I will
support it. But I am for no stinted or half-way
measures of justice.
There is nothing in the condition of this Terri-
tory of Kansas requiring immediate admission
as a State. Minnesota has a population of one
hundred and twenty thousand. This sparsely
populated Territory of Kansas has a Federal pop-
ulation of less than twenty thousand, about one
sixth the population of Minnesota. Minnesota
does not ask to be admitted as a State, nor can
Kansas,consistency with her own interest, desire
adn ission now. There is no bill here to intro-
duce Minnesota into the Union, and she has been
more than seven years a Territory—Kansas but
two years! Minnesota refuses to press herself
on us. Oregon has been nearly ten years a
Territory, yet does not ask admission as a State.
1 understand some one in the other House has
introduced a bill there for her admission, but not
at her request She has lately voted on that
question, and does not wish to be converted from
a Territory into a State, but desires to remain a
Territory. The question has been twice put to
the people of Oregon, and on both occasions they
have decided against a State government. I am
very glad they have not pressed themselves for-
ward; because, whenever one of these Territories
is admitted as a State, with or without slavery,
some here expect to find a balance of power in
some other Territory. Then there is a conflict,
and we are unhappy as long as the conflict lasts.
A public man can never be happy while such
questions as these are presented to his mind.
These are the most painful of all topics for reflec-
tion that can be ever forced upon patriotic men
in this country.
I am not very easily frightened by cries of dan-
ger to the Union; but I have always been anxious
to avoid anything tending in any way to alienate
one portion of the Union from the other. For this
reason, I greatly prefer that a Legislature (not a
convention) should be elected on the general prin-
ciples laid down for election of a convention by
the bill of the Senator from Georgia, which adopted
many provisions of my own suggestion, but has
failed in a fatal particular. There are just and
admirable provisions in so much of that bill as is
intended to secure a fair election; but I still think
they fall far short of justice. I would apply the
just provisions of this bill, with the addition of the
measure I have recommended, to the election of a
Territorial Legislature, not a convention to form
a State at this time. Let the Legislature say,
then, what laws shall be established; but in tne
mean time, remove all cause of complaint in the
northern States, on account of the oppressive and
infamous legislation in Kansas.
We heard yesterday, my friend, the honorable
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who
composes the minority of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, in his report, tell us that he thinks it
would be eminently unjust at this time to press
this State into the Union, on the principles of the
bill of the gentleman from Georgia. rBhat Jbill
declares that a registry shall be made of the legal
voters who are there on the 4th of July—that is,
on Friday next. A man who is not a legal voter
on that day is excluded. He cannot vote on the
first Tuesday of November if he was not regis-
tered as a voter on the 4th of July. The Senator
from Vermont, able and discriminating as he is,
who has devoted his time and attention to this
subject during this session, quite as much as any
of us, instructs us that the people of the section
which he represents would be dealt with unjustly
by admitting the State on these terms, and with
these provisions; because, he says, many of the
people who are of his way ofcthinking have been
driven from the Territory by the assaults from
Missouri, and the oppression of these laws of the
Territory. I understand that in Kansas they have
indicted men for treason, who are foolishly de-
clared guilty of what is called constructive trea-
son by judge somebody or other, in the Territory.
In the debate, it has been very properly said that
there is no constructive treason in this country. !
There is nothing but treason as defined in the !
Constitution of the United States, which must
be either by levying war against the Uni ted States,
or by adhering to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort. I think that if men have been in-
dicted and driven from the Territory by charges
of constructive treason, it would be eminently
proper and just, and I hope the Committee on
Territories will propose, that a nolle prosequi shall
be entered on every indictment that is not an in-
dictment founded on a charge within the meaning
and terms of the Constitution. It would, I sup-
pose, be of no avail for any one to propose it
without their sanction. If the bill be not so
amended, the President ought to order a nolle
prosequi to be entered on every indictment founded
on a charge of constructive treason; otherwise,
as these charges will remain, the men so indicted,
and thereby driven from the Territory, will be
deprived of their right of voting. 1 would enter
a nolle prosequi on every indictment for treason
not founded on a charge of levying war against
the United States, or adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort.
A difference of opinion may exist between hon-
orable gentlemen and myself in regard to some
portions of those laws. It is evident that the gen-
tlemen from Georgia and Louisiana think it just
that, when a man offers a vote, that shall be held
as prima facie evidence that he is entitled to vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire, if the Senator from
Delaware will allow me to interrupt him, to show,
in confirmation of my very broad assertion that
such was the law of every State, that such is the
| law of Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir! Try that!
Mr. TOOMBS. I have it here, and I will read
it. 1 have obtained from the library the volume
of Statutes of Delaware, revised up to 1852.
Mr. CLAYTON. Read it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will res^ it:
" 18. Each qualified elector shall deliver a single ballot,
containing the names of the persons to be voted for, to the
inspector, who shall audibly pronounce tbe name of the
elector, which shall be entered in words at length upon a
II -t of'polls, to be kept by each of the clerks whom the
judges shall direct to that duty; and one of the judges shall
write against it, on the alphabetical list delivered by the
sheriff to the inspector as aforesaid, the word ' voted.'
There shall be no examination of a ballot, except to de-
termine that it is single ; and the inspector shall immedi-
ately, after pronouncing the elector's name, put the ballot
into the box in lus presence, unless the vote shall be ob-
jected to.
" If a vote be objected to, its admission or rejection shall
be determined according to the opinion of a majority of the
judges; but either of the judges may require the inspector
to administer to a person claiming to vote, whether he have
paid a tax or not, the following oatli or affirmation : You do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that you are oj the age of twenty-
one years and not arrived to the age of twenty tiro years; arid
to any person offering to vote on the ground of having paid
a tax and being otherwise qualified, according to ihe con-
stitution,the following oath or affirmation: Youdosolemnly
swear (or affirm) that you are of the age of twenty-two years,
and that you at this time reside in this hundred, and that you
have not voted and will not vote on this day in any other hun-
di ed,and that you have resided in this county one month and
in thfs State one year next before this election, and that you
have, within two years, paid a county tax which was assessed
• at least six months before this election. Any person refusing
I to take such oath or affirmation, so required, shall not be
| permitted to vote; but no person shall be ruqui red or per-
■ | mitted to take cither of the said oaths or affirmations, if tho
judges, or a majority of them, shall, from theirown knowl-
edge, or the circumstances appearing, consider that such
■ person is not entitled to vote."
When he has taken the oath, it is conclusive;
1 and his offering to vote is ■prima fade evidence of
i his right, and then his vote goes into the ballot-
i box unless objected to. This is the very law the
Senator has been born and raised under.
Mr. CLAYTON. Instead of sustaining the
Senator, even the passages he his read are pre-
cisely the opposite of what he contends for, and
serve only to make his position appear ridiculous.
A man from Delaware would be astonished to
, hear any one make such a construction of the
I law. The Senator has garbled the statute after
a hasty examination of it, and read only what he
i supposed would sustain him. We have in that
State what may be considered tantamount (to a
great extent) to a registry of votes. We have a
: list of legal voters from the records of the levy
I court. We suppose the men on that registry are
lawful voters; but when even one of them offers
\ his vote, if anybody objects to him, he has to
; show his right to vote. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken when he supposes there is any such
, law in that State as that a man shall be presumed
entitled to vote because he offers to vote. There
; never was such a thing there.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the precise law.
I Mr CLAYTON. It bears no resemblance to
: the Kansas act. The oath may be contradicted
by any other evidence in Delaware; and not a
line disgraces our statute-book providing that he
, who offers to vote shall be presumed entitled to
vote. No, sir! There is nothing like the Kan-
sas act in Delaware, and I do not believe there is
any such thing in any State. The gentleman may
choose to contradict, but bold contradiction will
avail him nothing. *
I There are other clauses in the Kansas act to
which I object. There is a clause which compels
| a man who is an attorney at law to swear to sup-
port the fugitive slave law. Now, I think the
Senator from California will agree with me that
that is unjust, will he not?
j Mr. WELLER. I do not believe in any such
' law.
