1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
man from Georgia asks leave to proceed with his
remarks beyond the hour allotted under the rules.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] makes
objection. Subsequently, the gentleman from
Maryland was recognized by the Chair as having
the floor. The gentleman from Maryland has
not stated for what purpose he has risen.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Maryland I will mak^ ,
a single remark. The gentleman from Ohio
seems to put his objection on the ground that, at
one time, Mr. Adams, proceeding beyond the al-
lotted hour, was objected to. It is certainly within
the recollection of that gentleman that, by the
courtesy of the Committee of the Whole on the-
state of the Union, after debate had been closed,
. Mr. Adams was permitted to make an hour's
speech in opposition to a recommendation sent
here by Mr. Buchanan, then Secretary of State,
that this Government pay the Spanish Govern-
ment for the slaves in the Amistad.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
whatever that the House may grant an extension
of time; but it must be by general consent.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the gentleman from
Tennessee fails in his recollection of facts.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I did not dis-
tinctly understand the gentleman from Georgia
in the latter branch of his remarks, and especially
that portion where he fortified his position by
quotations from the Scriptures—-that all-para-
mount authority; and as 1 am interested in illus-
trations concerning human rights and human
interests, and of the higher law in its profounder
sense, I hope my friend will give me a more clear
and full understanding of the subject. [Great
laughter. Cries of " Well done !"] 1 yield the
.floor for that purpose to the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I claim the floor on
the ground of personal explanation. [Renewed
laugh fer.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pead^his remarks until the Chair puts the ques-
tion. The gentleman from Maryland is entitled
to the floor to debate the question before the
House. He cannot assign the floor to another
imnnbur, unless by unanimous consent. Inas-
much as the Chair desires to do justice to every
member, he will submit the question to the House.
Unless objection be made, the gentleman from
Georgia will proocod.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object. I insist on ad-
herence to the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. I should not have occu-
pied more than five minutes. I shall avail my-
self of the privilege to write out for publication
what I would have said.
Mr. WALKER. I submit a point of order.
The Chair assigned the floor to the gentleman
from Maryland. I heard the remarkshe addressed
to the gentleman from Georgia. They presented
themselves to my mind in the form of an inter-
rogatory to which he desired an answer. Assum-
ing that they took the shape of a question, the
answer to which he may deem essential to the
prosecution of his argument, I respectfully sub-
mit to the Chair, whether it'is not competent for
the gentleman from Maryland to ask 'the ques-
tgpn, and pause until he receives a reply from the
gentleman from Georgia?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Maryland to ask a question; but it
is not competent for him to assign the floor to the
gentleman from Georgia, or any other gentleman,
to answer the question, unless by the consent of
the House. At the commencement of the session,
the Chair stated that he did not favor the practice
of interruptions.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope somebody will take
the floor; and let us proceed with the business
before the House.
Mr. HARRIS. I sought the floor for the pur-
pose, as I stated before, of making a motion.
That motion, it seems, was not in order, and the
Chair consequently did not allow me to make it.
My object, as would have been indicated by my
motion, and was sufficiently indicated by the re-
marks I made afterwards, was to give the gentle-
man from Georgiaan opportunity to proceed with
his remarks. Now, sir, I desire to put the ques-
tions I have asked to the gentleman from Geor-
gia in good faith, and 1 do it with the hope that
the venerable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
DiJvGs] will recognize the question as one of some
importance — one that is worthy of an answer,
ana one that might as well be answered now, and
by the gentleman from Georgia in the continua-
tion of his remarks, as at any other time in the
further stages of the discussion. I hope that, as
the question is a pertinent one, and as it may en-
lighten the minds of some persons on the great
issue which is involved in this whole question,
the member from Ohio will allow "the member
from Georgia to go on and give me the personal
gratification of deriving information on this sub-
ject now. I ask the gentleman from Ohio, as a
matter of courtesy to me, waiving altogether tl#
desire of the member from Georgia to proceed—
I ask the gentleman from Ohio to extend to me
this personal courtesy, and allow the question put
to the gentleman from Georgia to be answered.
The point which he had reached when his time
expired was this: He was endeavoring to show,
by quotations from that book—which, as 1 said
before, 1 recognize as the paramount authority
upon this and all questions to which it relates m
any way—that the institution of slavery, as it
exists in the southern States of this country, is
not an institution unrecognized by the Bible.
Now, sir, I know that by none of the obligations
of the party of which he is so prominent a mem-
ber—by none of the considerations which have
made him so active and influential iu the advo-
cacy of freedom and liberty—by none of those
influences is the gentleman from Ohio willing to
acknowledge himself to be more bound, and to
none of them would he so readily yield obedience,
as to the doctrines contained in the book which
was being cited. And although, from his greater
knowledge of this whole subject of slavery, and,
doubtless, from his greater familiarity with the
book itself, he is fully posted up as to all the
points, and needs not the information which the
member fiom Georgia might have communicated
to less enlightened minds; yet I feel satisfied
that, upon a direct appeal, he will not deny to
me the opportunity of receiving that information
from the mouth of one who has culled it, and
will waste no time in unnecessary words, and
who is, therefore, better able to bring my mind
directly to the point, and convince my judgment,
than I would be myself if I were compelled to
go into the investigation. Besides that, 1 should
not have time. The gentleman who presides
over the Committee on Territories will call on
me to vote upon this question before I could
search the book and find the information for my-
self.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the honorable member
from Georgia was going on to cite the original. I
am not much of a believer in translations. Some
translations are entirely too free for my taste,
either personal or classic. I should like the gen-
tleman, therefore, to quote the original, and I
think that if he will show, by the original, that the
New Testament as distinctly and directly recog-
nizes the institution of slavery as do the passages
he has cited from the Old Testament, he will have
established it beyond doubt or cavil as a religious
institution, and, therefore, one which the honor-
able member from Ohio himself will never say
a word against upon this floor. [Laughter.]
Sir, I do not desire to occupy the time or at-
tention of the House. My whole purpose is
perfectly transparent and evident. I did not rise
to make a speech on the question of slavery at
all. I have stated my purpose. 1 have made an
appeal—the first, and probably the last I shall
ever make, especially if he shall refuse—to the
good nature of the gentleman from Ohio, and I
will now yield the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels bound to
put to the House the request of the gentleman
from Maryland, that the gentleman from Geor-
gia shall have an opportunity to respond to the
mquines made. Is there objccuon ?
Mr. ORR. No one would listen with more
pleasure to the gentleman from Georgia than my-
self; but 1 think we had better adhere to the rule.
We have an hour rule, and this is, in fact, but an
evasion of that rule. I therefore object.
Mr. BOYCE. Members on this side of the
House will recollect that-we refused the same
privilege to Mr. Bexton during the last Congress.
The gentleman fi om Georgia can print the balance
of his remarks.
Messrs. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, EVANS, and
MORRILL, each addressed the House for an
hour upon the bill under consideration, and upon
Kansas affairs. Their remarks will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. GROW. I move the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I hope the previous question
will be sustained first.
Mr. DUNN. I submit to the Chair that I dis-
tinctly addressed the Chair before the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and that I am entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; but if the gentle-
man from Indiana first addressed the Chair, he
is entitled to the floor; and if he states that he
first addressed the Chair, the Chair will recognize
him as entitled to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Has not the gentleman
from Pennsylvania addressed the House once
upon this bill ?
The SPE A.KER. I-Ie has.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then T submit that he
is not entitled to the floor, if the gentleman from
Indiana wishes to address the House.
The SPEAKER. But not upon that ground.
But if the gentleman from Indiana asserts that he
first sought the floor, the Chair will assign the
floor to him.
Mr. DUNN. I certainly did address the Chair
before the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as I
presume everyone noticing must have observed.
Mr. GROW. The Chair recognized me, and
I moved the previous question. 1 insist upon my
right to the floor.
Mr. DUNN. T do not wish to detain the House
by any extended remarks. The intimation as to
my heresies on the higher-law doctrines, made
by the gentleman from Georgia, this morning, at
some proper time may receive a passing notice.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order. I
understand that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
was recognized by the Chair and moved the pre-
vious question; I submit, therefore, that debate is
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, but the gentleman
from Indiana states that he first sought the floor,
and the Chair has therefore assigned it to him.
Mr. GROW. There is another point of order.
The gentleman from Alabama moved that the
Pious: adjourn; which motion, I suppose, is still
pending.
The SPEAKER.. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana was entitled to the floor the gentleman from
Alabama could not obtain the floor to submit any
motion.
Mr. DUNN". I have but a few words to say.
My object m rising is to submit an amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] As I said, I shall not
be drawn into any general discussion; and gen-
tlemen, therefore, need not feel apprehensive of
anything of the sort. I congratulate the gentle-
man from Georgia, and the gentleman from Ohio,
upon what, I suppose, may be called a reunion.
I have seen, in times past, extremes meet upon
this subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. To which gentleman from
Ohio does the gentleman allude ?
Mr. DUNN. To the senior member from
Ohio. I am willing that they should take what-
ever comfort they can in the fact that I differ from
each and both of them in reference to the higher-
law doctrine, and its application to the subject of
slavery, and the obligations which 1 owe, as a
citizen, to the laws and institutions of my coun-
try. I see no conflict between that higher law
and my duties to the Government. On the con-
trary, they are m perfect harmony.
I stated, at the commencement of the session,
what I considered as the clear law of God upon
this subject, as revealed to us m His own Word,
and also the law of nature in reference to tins
right of all men to be free. I have a conscious-
ness burning within me that I was not bom to
be a slave; and I feel and know my obligation to
observe the injunction of Him who " spake as
never man spoke:" "Therefore, all things what-
soever ye would that men should do to you, do
ye even so to them; for this is the law and the
prophets."
