44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
NORTH CAROLINA.
From Raleigh, via New Hill, Haywood, Oak-
land, Egypt, The Gulf, Carbonton, to Carthage.
From Burnsville to Marshall.
From Burnsville, via Crab Tree, Blue Ridge,
Turkey Cove, and Thomas's creek, to Marion.
From Ashboro', via Cedar Falls, Franklins ville,
Reed Creek, Long's Mill, to Graham.
From Reed Creek to Pittsboro'.
From Ehzabethton to Clinton.
From Hendersonville, via John Evans's, Solo-
mon Whitaker's, Jesse Israel's, to Curtis, in
Buncombe county.
From Hendersonville to Buncombe.
From Good Springs, via Auman's Hill and
Matamoras, to Troy.
From Troy, by James Page's, to Plank Road,
in Randolph county. ♦
From Ghildsville to Boone.
From Cherryfield, via Tonaway, Cain creek,
Estatohee, to Niger Trail.
From Milton to Moore's Store.
From Reed Creek, via John Pope's, Isaiah
Cheeks, John Brewer's, to Robert Goldstone, in
Randolph county.
From Gibsonville to Summer's Mills.
From Schocco Springs to Belford.
From Shelby, via Sloan's Store and Zion
Church, to Newton.
From Eagle Rock to Newton.
From Mitchenor Station to Smithfield.
From Winston to Yankinville, by tiie way of
Red Plain, East Bend, Mount Nebo, Yadkin In-
stitute, arid Joncsvilie.
From Winston tu Glen's Ferry, Red Plains,
Yadkin county.
From Eagle Rock, in the county of Wake, to
Wilson, in Wilson county.
From Branch to Hay ward, in Chatham coun-
iv-
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
. From Nebraska City to Marysville, Kansas
Territory.
From Omadi to Fort Lookout.
From Omadi to Eikhorn river.
From Omaha City, *by Fort Kearny and Fort
Laramie, to Grojit JSalt Lake City.
From Omaha City, by Hlkhorn, Fontenelle,
and Running Water, via Fort Randall, to Fort
Pierre.
From Omaha City, by Florence, Fort Calhoun,
Do Soto, Canning City, Tenama, Black Bird,
and Omadi, to Dahkota City.
From Omaha City to Kearny City.
From Omaha Cim' by Nebraska City, Kear-
ney City, Bro\vi'.vw.ie, and Omaha City, to
Whitehead.
From Dahkota City to Sergeant's Bluff, Iowa.
From Dahkota City, by Azoway creek and
Running Water river, to Fort Laramie.
From Dahkota City to Fort Parx.
From Amadi to  Sergeant\s Bluff*.Iowa.
From Plattsmouth, by Kenosha and Wyom-
ing, to K.tiumy City.
From Wyoming to Sidney, Iowa.
From Wyoming to Saltcreek.
From Nebraska City to Salt creek.
Fiom Ivc.iiny City to Now Fort Kearny.
From Pn o\v nvjllr; to New Foit Kearny.
From Brown ville to Linden, Missouri.
From Missouri j jver, between tiieat and Little
Nfhama river, by Archer and Salem, and to Big
Blue river.
' OHIO.
From Leipsio, via Ottoway, Buckeye, and
Cairo, to Luna.
From Lalhpulis, by Mercersville, Kennedy's
Cross Roads, and Seuttsville, to Quaker, Boston.
From Lee to Gerim Cross Roads.
From Oak Hill, Aid Centreville, Rulgeway's,
ITairibburg, Porter, Pine Grove, Annlin, and
Rigersville, to Middle Foik.
From Oak Hill, via Centreville, Ridgeway's,
Heanixburg, Pim> Grove, Anselm, Kygerville,
Middle Fort, toPonnToy.
FromGilead, by WVstfield, Milton, Cormens,
Jackson, and Pleasantvilie, to Portageville, in
Hancock county.
Prom Kinsman, via East Gustavus, Linden-
•ville, and East Cherry Valley, to Jefferson Court-
House.
From New Philadelphia, via Buchers, Roger-
ville, Rowville, New Bedford, Kelleys, to Mil-
lersburg.
From Peaccville, via New Falls, to Milton.
From New London, via Clinton, North Fair-
field, to Centreston and Steuben.
From Harrisonville to Wilksville, through
Salem township.
From Cambridge, Guernsey county, via Creigh-
ton, Adamsville, to Dresden, in Muskingum
county, Ohio, (twenty-eight miles.)
From New London to Centreville.
From 44 Lee's," in Athens county, to Berlin's
Cross Roads.
From Lemfish to Woodsfield.
From Marysville, by the Kenton Pike, to
Boke's creek post office.
From Canton, Stark county, via Mount Airy
and McDonaldsvillc, to Akron, in Summit county.
From Pomeroy, Ohio, via Chester, Meigs
county, Coalville, Athens county, Belpre, Wash-
ington county, Ohio, to Parkersburg, Virginia.
From Dayton, m Montgomery county, via
Clayton, to Centre, in said county.
OREGON.
From Corvallis,in Benton county, to Eugene
City, via Pierce's Office, on the Coast Fork, on
the Wiliamctte river, to Winchester, in Douglas
county.
PENNSYLVANIA.
From Bristol,via Londebaugh 's Corner, Oxford
Valley, Summervillc, and Ashland, to Dallington.
From Bethlehem to Bath.
From New Castle, via Brooks, Harlandsburg,
and Pel.iin Grove, to Centreville (Stepping Rock)
Post Office.
From Bristol, by Londe Borough's Corner,
Oxford Valley, Summcrvillc, and Oakland, to
Dallington.
From Bristol, via Centreville and Falls, to
Yardleville.
From Shakelegville, via Londy creek and Lut-
ton's Corner, to Evanwburg.
From Reading, in Berks county, to New Hol-
land, in Lancaster county.
From Stoddardsville, via Clifton, to Sommers-
ville.
From Saxonburg# via Cyprus Cross B.oads and
W infield Furnace, to State Lick.
From Kittaning, via Davis, Knoxville, Rural
Village, to Dayton.
From Brady's Bend, via Miller's Ferry-and
Black Fox Furnace, to CaHensburg,
From Worthington to Millrrsburg.
From New Washington, via Miller's Store,
Horton's and Neal's Mill, to Punxsatawney.
From Southwest—to Gael and
From Callenburg to Reinenburg, in Clarion
county.
From Morrisdale to Kylartown.
From Punxsatawney, via Spcankle's Mill, to
Plojisantviilo.
From Laporte, via Englcsman, Forkville, El-
dreds, Shenk, to Canton.
From Brady's to Miller's Eddj\
From Gap post office, by Bashhill Center, to
Moorstown post office.
From Indiana to West Lebanon, in Indiana
county.
From Centerville, (Penn's Creek P. 0.,)
through Mercer's Valley, to Middle Creek P. 0.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
From Natural Grove to Johnsonville,
From Gorkville to Lyon's Store, North Caro-
lina.
From Jefferson P. 0., via Neil, Graham's,
Blackency's Bridge, Lynchwood, and Perkins,
to Camden.
From Lexington Court-'House, by Sawyer's
Mills, Bull Swamp, to F. M. Bates's, &c.
From Camden, via Jefferson, McCroghan,
Chesterfield Court-House, to Cheraw.
From Ninety-six Depot, via Coopersville,
Grove Hill, to Richardsonville.
From llitehing's Mills, via Robert Garvin's,
Jr., and Neil Ablis, to Rishe's Store.
TENNESSEE.
From Seviersville to Strawberry Plains.
From Hillsboro', by Prairie Plains, Kenley's
Store, to Deehard, Franklin county.
From Russelsville to Smeids ville.
From Clinton, via Montgomery, Jamestown,
to Livingston.
Frorfi Concord, via Scarborough Mills, to Rob-
ertsville.
From Post Oak Springs to Yellow Springs.
From Waverly to Dover, by Magnolia, in
Stewart county.
From Straight Fork to Snyder's.
From Russelville, via Spring Vale and War-
rensburg, to Conoy Branch.
From Springliill, via Vastal's Tan-yard and
Santa Fe, to Williamsport*.
From Speedwell, via Clearfield, to Boston,
Kentucky.
From Lebanon to Cookville, via Goidonsville
and Trousdale's Ferry.
From Concord, via Lowe's Ferry P. 0., and
Louisville, Marysville, to Mount Vale Springs.
From Mossy creek, by Leadvale and Parrotts-
ville, to Warm Springs, (North Carolina.)
From McMinnville (Linn) to Danville, (Ken-
tucky,)viaSparta, Cookville, Livingston, (Linn,)
thence to Danville.
TEXAS.
From Austin, via Kapp's Mills, Cammonville,
Pittsburgh, Middleton, and Curiate, to Pesterdale.
From Whalock, by Owensville, Eutaw, Polk,
and Steel's creek, to Springfield.
From Liberty, via Livingston and Sumpter, to
Crockett.
From Eutaw, via Alto Springs, to Springfield.
From Watt, by Birdsdale, Alton, and Sher-
man's, to Preston's.
From Jefferson, via Linden, Douglassville,
Boston, and De Kalb, to Clarksville.
From Dallas, by Birdsville and Weathcrford,
to Fort Belknap.
From Paris, via Greenville, to Kaufman.
From Austin, by Gatesville, Meridian, and
Wardville, to Dallas.
From Crockett, via Palestine and Athens, to
Kaufman.
From Kaufman, via Millwood, Spring Hill, to
Btmlvam.
From Tyler, in Smith county, by Hamburg
and Lileco, to Waxahache's, in Ellis county.
From Birdville, via Ashland, Walnut creek
Village, tn Fort Belknap.
From Alto*, via Dallette, Ranch, Ashland,
Cream Level, to Weatlierford.
From Sati Antonio to San Diego, in California.
From Mdvinney, via Alton, to Birdville.
From Alto, in Cherokee county, by Rusk,
Jacksonville, Larissa, to Tyler, in Smith county.
From Camden, via Belleview and Berrien, to
Tyler.
From Indianola, by New Braumfcls and Mid-
dleton, to Fredericksburg.
From ChafFuville, via La Fayette, Baconi's
Store, to Quitman's.
From Palestine to Alto Springs.
From Henderson to Carthage, via Grand Bluff.
From Liiiwood, by the Rossel Place, near the
Ferry 011 Neuces river, and Hancock's, to No-
gallis Prairie, in Trinity county.
From Anderson, via Kellum's Sulphur Springs,
Lee's, Vassbaiders, Wilson's store, Joseph Hin-
son's, to Fairfield.
From Bonham, via Kentucky Town and Pilot
Grove, to McKinney.
From Springfield, via Killsborough, Wardville,
Fort Worth, Mount Calem, to Birdsville.
From Tyler, via Hamburg, Lelico, to Waxa-
hatchie.
From Crockett, via Randolph, Carthop's and
Fisher's, to Nacogdoches.
From Clarksville, via Mount Pleasant, to Tyler.
From Henderson, via Knoxville, Lavissa, and
Kickapoo, to Palestine, in Anderson county.
From Austin to Fredericksburg.
From Sarvant, via Paris and Lake creek, to
Jernigaw.
From Austin, via Florence and Galesville, to
Waco.
From Jasper, via Anderson's Ferry, on the
Angelina river, Mott's and Jonesville, in Cher-
okee county.
From Galveston, via Richmond, to Lagrange.
From Coffeeville, Upshur county, by Lafayette,
Bacon's Store and Hooker's, to Quitman, in
Wood county.
