W8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess:
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hale.
 [Ju,y 2,
Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. Nor I; but a person, before
he can Ix* a delegate in tin- Legislature of Kalians,
or even an attorney « law, is compelled to swear
to support the fugitive slave law. Here, then, is
% one of those laws which we all agn-e to be unjust.
Shah we not repeal such laws? Then are other
ttnjust laws in Kansas which ought to be repealed;
but I ha re no time to discuss them. I have shown
enough to prove that the bill before us is unjust,
and outfht to be amended. But I say a*r*in to the
gentleman from New York and tlie gentleman
from Massachusetts, that I think nothing could
be more disastrous than to repeal the whole body |
of those laws, and leave the people of the Terri-
tory in a state of anarchy. 1 hope they will
abandon that proposition; and I do trust that,
notwithstanding sill that has been said on the
subject of compromises, they will agree to join
us in repealing whatever is unjust—in placing
the people from the North, in tne Territory, on
terms or perfect equality with the people of the
South, giving no preference to one over the other.
When we shall have done that, and allowed time
for those who have been driven away to return,
then I hope they will join with us in a spirit of
concord and fraternal feeling, and assist us to
pass some measure of justice—call it compromise
or not compromise. I repeat, the word " com-
promise" sounds pleasantly in my ear, as it was
pleasant to the ears of our fathers; and, in con-
clusion, let me say again, that whenever yon
•hall determine there shall be no more compro-
mises among you, there will soon be an end of
your Union.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is not my in-
tention to addres* the Senate at length, but I de-
sire to respond to the appeal made to me by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tk.vdek. ] He says that 1 spoke in a spirit of i
■candor. For this 1 thank him, and I can certainly j
reciprocate it to him. He calls on those'who
have objections which may be obviated by amend-
ments, to propose their amendments. I intend to
follow that advice. I submit, in the first place, as
a question of order, that a motion to amend the
bill is now in order, notwithstanding the pend-
ency of the motion to strike oat the whole of it
■id insert a substitute. According to the parlia-
mentary law, I submit that itis in order to amend
the bill in its de tails, before putting the question on
the motion to strike out—[" Certainly "1—for the
reason that it may be amended and made as per-
fect as possible before the vote is taken on strik-
ing it out. With that view, and to answer the
appeal made to me by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I move an amendment to the second sec-
tion of the bill that will test the principle upon
which I propose to stand,and will indicate to the
Senate one of my objections to the bill. I propose
in the second section to strike out the words, " on
the 4th day of July, 1856," as describing the day
on which persons must be residents, and to insert,
in lieu of these words, " on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1857." If that amendment be made, I shall
follow it op by proposing to make the other dates j
correspond by putting them ahead. I do not |
choose, however, to oner those amendments now, i
became 1 can test the sense of the Senate on the i
question whether they will postpone the time, by 1
this motion to strike out," the 4tli of July, 1856,
*nd insert " the 1st of January, 1857."
i. ii staVnS my objections to the bill, while I ,
shall endeavor to state them candidly, I must i
•tate them frankly. Whatever else may be said i
on this noor to me or of me, no man shall say that I
1 am a hypocrite on this subject, if plain talk will j
relieve me from the imputation. Now allow me I
to say that one of the reasons why 1 propose to I.
j-tnke out " the 4th of July, 1856," ind insert !
"the 1st of January, 1857, is that 1 have not j.
the slightest confident in the present'Executive.
I do not beiieve that he will carry out the bill if
it shall become a law, fairly, as it is
Mr. FE8SENDEN and others. Then you do 1
not put it on long enough. I
Mr-HALE. Perhaps I do, and perhaps I do
not. If this amendment be adopted, it only fixes !
the day on which vpters must be resident in
Kansas in order to be counted; then 1 can move !
to put forward the time when the commissioners
are to be appointed and chosen, and in that way 1
1 can meet the objection. This is the first step. I
trust that my friend from Maine understands me
now. If this amendment be adopted, 1 can pro-
pose to alter the other dates fixed in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend,
if he alludes to the remark which 1 made aside,
that he had better lav his foundation clear enough.
Let him get clear of the present Executive by the
first motion, and then we shall have a better op-
portunity of passing on the point.
Mr. HALL. That is a matter of taste entirely;
but to suit the views of my friend from Maine, I
will modify mv motion by proposing to strike
out "the 4th of July, 1856," and inserting "the
4th of July, 1857. Then, whatever else Provi-
dence may have in store for us, one thing is very
certain—we shall have got rid of this Administra-
tion. I said I would be candid; 1 think the occasion
requires it. I do not say this from any disposi-
tion to manifest peculiar hostility to the present
Administration, or to make any unkind remarks
of the head of it, or any member of it. But, sir,
called upon here to discharge a high duty, in what
I conceive to be perilous times, and responding to
the appeal which has been made to me by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, ( meet the emer-
gency. I meet it in a sincere desire to restore peace
to this Territory and to this country, and to re-
store it by doing justice; that is my way.
1 have said that my great objection to this bill
is, that 1 am not willing to intrust its execution
to the present Executive. I would appeal to
gentlemen who represent States that have enter-
tained principles hostile to those which 1 advo-
cate. 1 would appeal to the honorable Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who stands here
as the sponsor and representative of this bill—
and ask him, and every gentleman representing
a slav Molding State, this question: if we had to-
day a President of the United States in power
who had devoted all the energies of himself and
his administration to the purpose of making
Kansas a free State, as I believe the present
Executive has devoted them to making it a slave
State, would they be willing to intrust a question
of this magnitude, on which they feel so much,
to the administration of such an Executive? 1
beiievssnot, sir. I believe that, if the Executive
had manifested one half the interest and the desire
to give the ascendency to the principles which I
represent and advocate on this floor, which he
has manifested for the ascendency of principles
of a very different character, those gentlemen
representing them would be slow—very slow
indeed, to trust him with the execution of this
act.
It has been said by eminent lawyers and judges,
that it is of as much consequence to the commu-
nity that they feel confidence that justice is done,
as it is that justice be done. It is not only neces-
sary that justice should be done to the people, but
that they should h«ve confidence that it is done.
Now, air, I have not, I cannot have, that confi-
dence here. If I could work up my patriotic
emotions to such a pitch, I might be willing, if
need be, to lay down my life for my country; but
I -cannot command conviction at my pleasure.
That is a thing which is wrought in the under-
standing, by reason, by fact, and by proof. Con-
victions do not come and go at our will. I say I
have not, and eannot have, this confidence here,
and it is of no use to profess it. This is due to
candor.
Now, sir, I reciprocate entirely the sentiment
which the honorable Senator from Kentucky ad-
vanced when he made such a pathetic appeal in
behalf of compromises. I know that we must
compromise in this world. I know that if two of
us walking along the highway, cach of us having
a perfect right to proceed in the line in which
we are going, we must compromise, and 1 must
give up half my right to pass in a straight line,
and the man whom 1 meet must give up half his i
right. We must diverge a little. That is a com- I
promise. And so society is made up of compro-
mises. I suppose the honorable Senator from
New York did not mean to lay it down as an en-
tire abstract proposition, that there were never to
be any more compromises in this world, or in this
Government, or in society. I suppose that what
he meant, sprung from his own reflection of our
bitter experience when he looked back upon the
history of the country, and saw that compromises
were made and observed until it became conve-
nient to abrogate them.
Now, sir, let me make an appeal to the Senator
from Kentucky. If he has such a high opinion
of compromises; if he thinks they do bo much
good and bring about so much peace; if he thinks
they come with " healing on their wings" to this
whole nation, I ask him, and 1 ask the Senate
that has listened to his appeal, if the first dictate
of prudence, of patriotism, and of justice, is not
to see what effect there would be in goinj; back
to and resuscitating that great compromise of
peace, under which the country reposed so long
without strife, without-conteiuion, and without
commotion. I ask those who are so fond of
compromises, to take one that has been tried,
one that comes commended to us by the devotion
of the patriots who have preceded us, and who
have gone down to their honored graves, looking
forward to a happy country under the influence
of that very compromise which their successors
have abrogated. It seems to me—I say it in no
partisan spirit—that, if there be so much healing
in compromises, and so much good to be derived
from them, those who are so loud in their praises
should bring forth the fruits that are meet for
i such a state of mind, by showing their willing-
! ness to restore that which has been destroyed.
It is said, Mr. President, that we are living in
evil and perilous times. I believe it. Though I
may subject myself to the reproach of some
friends with whom I act, for not being quite rad-
ical enough on this question, I will not say a
single word which can have a tendency to excite
or exasperate any feelings of bitterness in the
breast of any one, if I know it. I will endeavor
to maintain, with firmness and fidelity to my own
convictions and to the constituency whom I repre-
sent, the sentiments which I was sent here to
advocate, without willingly trespassing on the
i rights or feelings of any one else. Sir, I believe
I in ray heart, fully and faithfully, every word
j uttered by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
I as to his earnest and strong desire to give peace
• to this distracted country. I desire it as much
; as he does; and I can assure that honorable gen-
, tleman, and the Senate, that whatever motives
may impel me on other times or other occasions,
I I have no ambitions to be gratified from Govern-
1 ment, State or National. If there is one single
I act of my life which I depfore and pray God and
I my wife and children to forgive me for, it is that
| I was ever fool enough to leave the pursuit of an
] honorable and lucrative profession to come here;
but as I am here I will endeavor faithfully to dis-
charge the duties pertaining to the place, and to
those who sent me here.
I have stated my first objection to this bill. I
have not talked very much this session, whatever
I may have done heretofore; and I regret exceed-
ingly that I have been so far misunderstood by
some friends not members of the Senate, and c#cn
by a very respectable editor of great candor in
this city, as to be ranked among those who sup-
port this bill. When I rose to speak on it yes-
terday, 1 desired to do what I always mean—let
it cut where it will—and that is, to ao justice. I
wished to do justice to this bill which had been
introduced by the honorable Senator from Geor-
: gia. I saw much in it to approve. I said so,
and I am not going to take back a word that I
said. Sir, itis not in the bill itself, but in the
' surroundings of the bill; in the antecedents of the
j history of tne country; in the scenes which have
! been transpiring ih Kansas days and months
; back; in the news that comes to us by every mail;
1 that I saw the great evil. Since I had the honor
j of addressing tne Senate yesterday, news of ad-
i ditional outrages has reached us. Emigrants
I from the State of Massachusetts, and from the
i State of Illinois, going into the Territory of Kan-
sas, on your invitation—under your guarantee
of perfect freedom—have been disarmed and pre-
vented fVom entering the Territory. ...
Now I ask if it is right, if it is just, if it is can-
did, to invite us to consent that this great ques-
tion shall be settled by those who may be in the
Territory on the 4th of July next, the day after
to-morrow, when every mail brings us informa-
tion that citizens from the free States are abso-
I lutely prevented from entering the Territory by
