1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Pistol river Indians. Mr. Henslyhad two of his fingers
shot off, besides receiving several buck-shot wounds in Jus
face. The hoises fell into the hands of the Indians.
"Theletter al*ocontains a request to urge fonvaid from
Crescent City any volunteers that may have been enlisted.
"From F. H. Piatt, Esq., a resident at the mouth of
Rogue river, who airived la>t night in the schooner Gold
Beach, we received the starthng^news that the Indians in
that district have united with a party of the hostile Indians
above, and commenced a war ot extermination against the
white settlers.
" The station at Bisr Bend, some fifteen miles up the river,
having been abandoned several weeks previous, the Indians
made a sudden attack on Saturday morning, February 23d,
upon the iauns about four miles abov^he mouth, where
feomu ten or twelve men of Captain P(Mnd's company of
volunteers were encamped, the remainder of the company
being absent, attending a ball on the 22d, at the mouth of
Rogue river.
" The fight is stated to have lasted nearly the whole of
Saturday, and but few of the whites escaped to tell the
&tor y. The farmers were all killed.
" it is supposed there are now about three hundred hos-
tile Indians m the field, including those from Grave and
Galasse creek and the Big Meadows. They are led by a
Canada Indian, named Enos, who was foimerly a favorite
guide for Colonel FiSmont in his expedition.
" List of Killed.—Captain Ben Wright, H. Braun, E. TV.
Howe, Mr. Wagonei, Harney Castle, George McClusky,
Mr. Lara, W It. Tullus, Captain John Poland, Mr. Smith,
Mr.. Seaman, Mr, Warner, JohnGeisell and three children,
P. McCollough, S. lleidnck, Joseph Serroc and two bons.
" Besides thiee or four, names unknown, Mrs. Gei&ell
and dauuhter are pasonei s, and m the hands of the Micano
hand ot' Indians, about eight miles up the river. Dr. M. C.
White escaped by jumping into Yuea creek, and secreting
himself under a pile ot diift-wood, remaining there for an
hour and a half, and until the Indians iiad given up the
search."
I will say no more upon this subject, but beg
the House to pass this appropriation, so that it
may go out under the direction of the President
of the United States, for the purpose of maintain-
ing the friendly disposition which now exists
among many of the tribes in that Territory, and
to give security to the settlements, and safety to
the women and children whose lives are now in
extreme jeopardy.
Mr. ANDERSON. Ido notproposeto detain
the House any length of time upon this question;
but as the gentleman from Tennessee has seen
fit to call upon the distinguished Delegate from
Oregon, and upon those interested in this matter,
for information in reference to the various reports
which have reachcd us from the Pacific coast, I
'should feci that I was not doing my constituents
justice, or the committee justice, if I kept silence.
I am sorry that the gentleman, at the same time
that he tells the committor that he does not be-
lieve the reports contai® d in the paper which
he has read—that he believes it perpetrates a
slander upon the people of Oregon and Washington
Territories, saw fit to read them upon this floor.
They do contain slanders. They contain what
is not true in relation to the causes of this war;
and when the proper time comes it can be shown
here, not by newspaper reports, not by anony-
mous letter-writer?;, but by official documents tho t,
that warv/as wholly and entirely unprovoked by
the whites; that it was a war commenced by the
Indians, and had been contemplated for twelve
months previous to its breaking out. The very
fact that it broke out upon'the northern boundary
of Oregon, and the southern boundary of Wash-
ington Territory at the same time that it com-
menced in southern Oregon and in California, a
distance of six hundred miles apart, shows that
it was long previously contemplated.
But I do not propose at this time to enter into
r. discussion of the merits of the question which
General Wool and Governor Curry have gotten
up between themselves. I do not think that this
is the time to do that. I conceive that the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Virginia has taken the
proper view of this question, and that it matters
not, so far as the question under consideration
is conccrned, whether General Wool's report is
correct, or whether Governor Curry's report is the
true one. Tins case involves neither General
Wool's nor Governor Curry's character, nor the
mode and manner of conducting that war. This
is simply a request of the President of the United
States, ba^ed upon information received from the
Indian superintendent of that Territory, that
$300,000 be placed at his disposal for the purpose
of maintaining friendly relations with those In-
dians who have not taken up amis. It matters
not whether it be true, lis th«j anonymous Joiler-
wnteras^ens, that the Walla-Walla, Indians were
pcaeeable—that theii chief was nmrdeied or bru-
tally massacred . If ihey arc trie ndly, thin §300,000
is a.>kc-d for the purpose of maintaining then-
friendship. It is known that those who have
heretofore been friendly are constantly joining
the warlike party; and it is absolutely necessary
that the superintendent of Indian affairs should
have funds to enable him to prevent this com-
bination. If all the tribes in that Territory which
are now friendly should join those who are hos-
tile, they can araep the whole country in less
than twenty da™.
At the time the last reports left Pugct's Sound,
the superintendent of Indian affairs — the Gov-
ernor of the Territory — had under his charge,
and under the charge of his sub-agents, five thou-
sand friendly Indians, and was feeding them,
going on the principle that feeding them was
cheaper than fighting them. A few days pre-
viously to the sailing of the vessel which brought
the news, a warlike party had entered the res-
ervation on which these friendly Indians were.
They had succeeded in capturing one of the
Indian agents and holding him a prisoner, until
they had their talk with the friendly Indians,
which had for its object the inducing them to
join the warlike party.
Now, it is to prevent this—it is to prevent the
intercourse of friendly and hostile Indians—to
keep the friendly Indians on the reservation—to
feed them, and not permit them to roam at large
through the country where they would be likely
to be operated upon by hostile bands—that the
appropriation is required. It is not for the pur-
pose of getting up a military expedition into the
Indian country. It is not for the purpose of pay-
ing volunteers who may have served heretofore.
Not one dollar, as I understand it, goes to the
payment of the expenses of this war. I hope,
then, that the committee will report favorably on
this bill, and that the House will determine upon
it, so that the appropriation may be sent out by
the next steamer, which leaves on Saturday.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. What do you expect to
be done with the money—to pay the friendly In-
dians ?
Mr. ANDERSON. No, sir, to support them
on their reservations, and to pay the expenses
already inctyrred in herding these friendly Indians
on their reservations. That is one item in the
expense. But I mentioned that it is not for the
purpose, as 1 understand, of fitting out a military
expedition into the country. Now, sir, it has
been said that there can be brought into these two
Territories twenty thousand warriors. I believe
that that is a small estimate of the number of
warriors that can be raised there. It docs not
include, perhaps, the many' more that can be
brought down intoWashington Territory, through
the waters of Puget's Sound, through Frazor's
river, and the Gulf of Georgia. There are m the
British Territories, north of us, as many Indian*
as there are in our own Territories; and they arc
equally as warlike, and were, at the last accounts
from that country, pouring down into our country
and joining the hostile bands. They are \vell
armed. They man canoes, in which they go to
sea a hundred miles to take the whale. They
have their chests on board of these canoes, with
three, four, and five muskets to the man.
It is for the purpose of getting these Indians
out, too, that the appropriation is asked. Now,
as the gentleman from Virginia has stated that
the whole matter of the conduct of this war is un-
dergoing the investigation of the Military Com-
mittee, I do not doubt that when the time comes
there can be a perfectly satisfactory account given
of the conduct of the volunteers in Oregon and
Washington Territories. I am satisfied myself
that their conduct has not been censurable, but,
on the contrary, that it has been commendable;
and I believe that, when their conduct is under-
stood by the country, they will get their meed of
praise.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I feel strongly inclined
to the opinion that we ought not to act now im-
mediately upon the question. I listened on Friday
with a great deal of attention to the speech of the
Delegate from Oregon, and the portrayals which
he drew of Indian barbarities are calculated to
make a sirongunprcssionupon this House. But
I am apprehensive that, under the impulse of such
feeling, we may possibly commit the error_ of
acting too precipitately, and without sufficient
information. The interest which the speech of
the Delegate from Oregon induced me to take in
the matter, directed my attention to the official
correspondence; aiad I rise now more for the pur-
pose of calling the attention ^members to that
correspondence than anythitfj*else. I refer to
the correspondence as communicated at the com-
mencement of the session with the report of the
"Secretary of War; to the correspondence sub-
mitted in connection with the communication from
the Interior Department, asking for this $300,000;
and to Senate document No. 26, communicated a
few days ago at the instance of the Senate.
There is a peculiar state of things connecting
itself v/ith these Indian hostilities in Oregon and
Washington. At this time there is a military-
force of the United States troops there amounting,
I suppose, to over two thousand men.
Mr. PHELPS. They are one thousand eight
hundred and twenty men.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Yes, but there have
been additional troops recently sent out—one
entire regiment, the ninth, I believe—who are
there now. The regular troops there number over
two thousand. We have had a military force of
the regular army there, I believe, for the last year
or two. We have a proposition now before us to
appropriate §300,000 for suppressing hostilities;
while, at the same time, there is another proposi-
tion pending to defray the expenses of Indian hos-
tilities in that region; and still another bill for rak-
ing additional military forces for the samcTeirito-
ries; and all this in addition to the regular military
forces under General Wool. At the last Congress
several billsyere passed for the same purposes,
amounting in the aggregate to near half a million
of dollars over and above the cost of sustaining
the United States regular troops. These things
are growing upon us.
These facts I wish briefly to point attention
to; for I have not yet had time to examine all the
documents. The bill was sprung upon us last
Friday. I would impress upon the House the
propriety of giving one or two days' time to look-
ing into the facts as thoroughly as possible. Tho
suggestion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Faulkner,] that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs are about to present a report, giving an
entire history of affairs there, ought to have some
weight in inducing us to wait one or two days
until we can examine the official information now
in possession of the Government.
But I would call attention to this further and
striking fact, that General Wool, at the head of
the regular forces of that Territory, is urging the
pursuance of one line of military action, while
the Governors of the Territories are pursuing
quite a different one. They arc clashing, it seems,
and counteracting each other in their operations.
The call on which this bill is founded comes from
the Department of the Interior, not from the War
Department; and it proposes, or the original bill
did, to place money in the hands of the Gover-
nors of the Territories, or the superintendents of
Indian affairs, to be disbursed under a system of
operations which the military commander in that
region does not cooperate with.
The Delegate from Oregon says that General
Wool has failed to be efficient, and he seems to
rely on the volunteers, and superintendents, and
Governors. On the other hand, General Wool
reports, that with the regular troops he now has
there he can soon conquerthe Indians, or compel
them to sue for peace; that some of the disorderly
volunteer companies have caused much of the
trouble by attacking and killing indiscriminately
friendly and hostile Indians; and that two volun-
teer regiments, raised by Governor Curry, are
estimated to have cost, at the high prices paid for
everything, three or four millions of dollars. He
says that lawless whites have t( determined to ex-
terminate the Indians in that region; hence they kill
the innocent as well as Vie guilty." This, he says,
causes the Indians to retaliate. In one instance,
disorderly whites fired on unarmed Indians in the
custody of the regulars, and the regulars in return
fired on them, and killed three of them. He
, seems disposed to get rid of volunteers, and says,
! " the Indians are more disposed to listen to rea-
son than the lawless whites." In one instance of
■ areat emergencv, Major Rams, an ozliccr under
\ General Wool, called on the Governors of Ore-
| gon and Washington for volunteer companies,
: and General Wool reports that the Governor of
' Oregon " refused to comply with the call, on the
ground that Oregon volunteers would not serve
under the command of the United States officers.51
