770
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
tlemen demanded what the Democrats and Whigs
declared to be correct—as they demanded what I
held to be the true principle—I felt ready, at any
moment, to grant it. But what did I require ?
Simply, that the fact upon which it all turned
should be truly ascertained. I said:'' Gentlemen
 you the Senators from New York, you the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts, you the Senators from
Vermont—(whom I had long known, and thought
I could safely rely upon for a fair judgment)—if
you say the voice of Kansas is for a free State,
take what I offer; I present you a proposition to
let her have her own free choice forever. If you
have spoken truly for her, why do you not take
the coveted prize?"
When I make the annunciation that I am will-
ing to surrender Kansas precisely in conformity
- with the will of the nation—in conformity with
your own declarations, how am I njpt? I offer
you a pure and undefiled ballot-box. I protect
it by all the means which law, backed by force,
can give it. I offer the entire military force of
this great country to secure you that inestimable
privilege—a free, untrammeled, and uncontrolled
ballot-box. How am I met? Instead of a pure
ballot-box, the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the Senator from New York, tender me the car-
tridge-box. Mr. President, if I believed those
gentlemen represented the North, I would accept
it, and withdraw my bill now. ,If I believed tne
people of the free States were ready for that issue,
before God and my country I would not shrink
from it. I am content to accept it whenever the
North offers it. I present no compromises; I
present principles; but I do not know what claim
either of those gentlemen has to speak for the
North. I see around me able, patriotic, and ven-
erable statesmen—some of whom have for fifty
years, in peace and in war, been honored and
trusted by the North, by the South, by man-
kind. They give me a different account of the
North. The representatives of millions of north-
ern freemen, from every State, county, and town
in th& non-slave holding States, met in council
with their countrymen of the South four short
weeks ago. I consider them better witnesses of
the feelings and wishes of the North than the
Black Republican and Abolition Senators on this
floor. In regard to the Senator from New York,
to my knowledge, for the last ten years, all par-
ties have dreaded nothing he would do or say
ho much as the odium of his alliance. I deny
their right to speak for the North. When did
■he trust them to speak her sentiments? My
convictions are confirmed by the honorable con-
trast to these gentlemen presented by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who, though
he may differ from me—and I doubt not we shall
differ in the end on this matter—presents his
objections in a manly and patriotic manner.
Though we disagree, 1 respond to the spirit with
which he offers his amendments, and makes his
objections.
But when these gentlemen tell me that they
alone represent the opinions of the North—that
the national men of that section are condemned
and outlawed by their constituents, I tell them
I do not believe it. I have heard their shrieks
before. I know there is an unconquered and
unconquerable body of patriots at the North who
repel with scorn and contempt the impudent as-
sumptions. 1 know the Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] represents a party there, if the I
?r '^ree factions who elected him may be
called a party. I know the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts were lawfully elected by the proper
authority to represent that State. The other
Black Republicans and Free-Soilers, too, have
lawful commissions to speak for the States which
they represent. But these commissions give them
?i? "§ t0 sPeak for other constituencies whom
they do not represent; and while I admit their sena-
torial equably in this body, I look with contempt
upon their insolent attempt to palm themselves
off upon the country, as the North—as the right-
exponents of the opinions of more than
half of the Republic. But when I see the men of
the North who fought for public liberty seventy-
five years ago—the men who have stood by the
country in all its trials—the men who have uni-
formly opposed the factions that have attempted,
from time to time, to tear down the very piling
| of the Constitution—the men who have with-
, stood their denunciations, and resisted their ef-
j forts to gain a sectional majority by appeals to
I every passion that could arouse their pride—
appeals to their courage, appeals to ignoble lusts
for place, plunder, ana power—when I see these
men still standing true, I know and feel that this
great country is safe; that these appeals will not
be listened to; that they and their authors will be
despised. The folly'and baseness of these appeals
are every day apparent. If two men fight in
Kansas over a squatter's claim, and one is killed,
it is forthwith heralded over the country as a
southern aggression. If a foul-mouthed Senator
gets a caning for an insulting, vulgar speech, this
is the last extremity of southern aggression. And
the crowning aggression of the "slave power" is
to seek and ootain an equal enjoyment of the
common domain for all the States of the Union.
It is very easy to perceive that, if these enemies
of the Republic had anyreal grievance, they would
not seek to manufacture pretended ones out of
such events as these. We nave asked for nothing
but equality and justice to-the South; it has been
granted by an American Congress; it is for the
constituency to reject or approve the act, and
thereby hangs the destiny of the Republic.
We have made no aggression on the North ! I
said to the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire, more than four months ago, that if
there be one aggression from any of the fifteen
slaveholding States of this Confederacy, present
it to me, and I will myself demand the privilege
of striking it from the statute-book with my own
hand, and not another's. There has been none.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] to-day, in
all the violence of his vituperation—in all the
ebullition of his passion, finally plants himself
on Jefferson, and says he wants nothing but
Jefferson's principles. I believe the Free-Soil
Black Republicans say, in their platform, that
they want Jefferson's principles—that they rely
on the fathers, and especially on Jefferson, as the
head of the fathers. "They claim this Abraham
for their political father." Well, sir, they who
seek for truth need not go far to find it on this
subject. Jefferson has left, his opinions upon it
behind, in the most authoritative form.
In 1803, Air. Jefferson, against the clamor of
the progenitors of these Abolitionists, acquired
Kansas. Very shortly afterwards a territorial
law was passed for it, signed by Jefferson, leaving
the inhabitants free to form such institutions as
they pleased. That was the first law for this
Territory. It allowed all people to carry their
property, of all kinds, slaves included, in any
part of the Territory open to settlement, as far
west as the Rocky Mountains, in all the region
acquired from France. That law bears the sign-
manual of Thomas Jefferson. The people lived,
and flourished, and were happy under it. In
1820 that law was overturned. By whom? Jef-
ferson? No; but by Rufus King and his allies,
as Mr. Jefferson said, against the Constitution,
and against right. I have before me Jefferson's
words. He said this was done by those whom
he esteemed the enemies of liberty and of their
country. In 1820 the Jefferson law was taken
from this Territory, and the Rufus King provision
was applied to it, and that was the prohibition.
Mr. King and friends sought to put the prohibi-
tion on the State of Missouri as a condition to
her admission. He claimed the right to put this
prohibitionnot only on Territories, but on States,
and there he stood to the end, voting against the
line of 36° 30' only because it did not go far
enough, the line of 36° 30' being a substitute i
for the still more sweeping prohibition, but he
was the champion and defender of universal
prohibition, and in this he was backed by a great 1
majority of the North. Mr. Jefferson foretold
the end; it is not yet, but it is only delayed until
the consummation of this measure of iniquity
urged and defended by Rufus King and his
Federal allies.
I have given you the action of the fathers and ,
the law of Jefferson. It was the first law for ||
Kansas, and it stood till 1820. You tell us that i i
we obtained the admission of Missouri and Ark- 1
ansas under the act of 1820. There is not a 11
Senator here who does not know that there is not j
one word of truth in this allegation. Missouri 11
| was not admitted under that so-called compro-
j mise. My friend from Missouri showed conclu-
sively that the act providing for the admission of
Missouri, with the prohibition in existence, and
notwithstanding the prohibition, was resisted by
the majority of northern members because of the
] very provision in her constitution which the Free-
Soilersare now maintaining in Kansas—the exclu-
sion of free negroes. Missouri was not admitted
under the compromise establishing the line of 36°
30'-, but she was rejected until she would alter this
provision of her constitution. She came in not
under this compromise, but under another. Be-
sides, how many northern men voted for it? You
have already seen the names, and almost every
one of them was defeated on account of it. How
many repealed that line ? A majority of Senators
representing the sovereignty of the North in this
House. They foundfrom thirty years'experience
that it was wrong. A majority of the Democratic
party of the North in the House of Representa-
tives voted to repeal it; so that if*we had made a
bargain with the North, the true North came for-
ward to relieve us from it, in the honesty and integ-
rity of her heart—not the Abolition North, but the
true North that was at Bunker Hill; the North that
was at Saratoga; the North that was at German-
town; the North that fought during the war of
l£jl2—not those who attempted to thwart it; th#
North that has everstood for nationality and right.
They repealed it by a vote of 44 to 43 in the
House of Representatives, and by a large ma-
jority in this body.
You (turning to Mr. Seward) may traduce your
own countrymen, and will abuse them as long as
they are in your way to power; you will abuse
your own countrymen as long as they stand
. out against your treasonable and wicked schemes
for overturning the liberties of the country. As
long as they are patriots, they will get your
abuse. As soon as they qualify themselves for
treason—as soon as they unite with you in your
sectional schemes, they will get your plaudits,
, whatever they may have been before; but as long
j as they will stand up for the country, they will
j have tne honor of your condemnation—an honor
to be coveted.
In 1850 this question arose—not in reference
to this Territory, but that acquired from Mexico.
What was then done ? Some declared that a re-
striction was unconstitutional; others that, though
it was constitutional, it was unjust, unbrotherly,
unkind. They united in declaring that the com-
mon territory of this great country, acquired by
the common blood of all her sons which mingled
together in the battle-fields of the West, or pur-
chased by the common funds and the mon£y of
both North and South, should be open to com-
mon enjoyment; and it was then solemnly de-
clared, that the new States to be formed out of
this Territory should be admitted into the Union,
with or without slavery, as the freemen inhabit-
ing them should prefer. This was in direct op-
position to the Missouri restriction; and when
we proposed to repeal it, we averred, in the act,
that we repealed it because it was inconsistent with
the acts of 1850. We said it was against justice;
we said it was against the rights of the people.
Congress said so in 1830. All parties, except
the radical Abolitionists, said so in 1852. The
Senator from New York voted, or was supposed
to vote, for a man who declared that that prohib-
ition was wrong. The whole people of both
the great parties so declared. Therefore, when
we came to repeal it, we said we did so because
of its inconsistency with this later action, which
had been approved by the man for whom the
Senator from New York voted.
Mr. SEWARD. With a protest.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose so, and the Senator
would vote for anybody to-morrow with a pro-
test rather than get out of line with the enemies
of the Republic. I believe a number of his friends
on that occasion voted with a protest. Some oi
them talked about spitting on the platform. The
leading organ of the Senator's party in NewYork
the waste-butt, in which is gathered together
for the willing palates of its readers, all the
slander, filth? manufactured falsehoods, treason-
able schemes, that associated villany can invent
or gather up throughout the land, "spit upon it."
The PRESIDENT fr  temport. The Chair
