1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
law to chaplains io the naval service; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of Jacob
Hall, contractor for carrying the mail from
Indfependence, in Missouri, to Santa Fe, in New
, Mexic.0, in the year 1854, praying for indemnity
for losses occasioned by Indian disturbances in
the execution of his contract; which was referred
. to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of
Thomas 0. Selby, praying for compensation
for'injuries done to his property by a battalion
of United States dragoons that was encamped
thereon "in the year 1852, in California; which was
.referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented a memorial of citizens
of Florida respecting mail service on the Appala-
ehicola river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Thomas J. Churchill, praying to be released
from liability for public property for which he is
accountable as an acting commissary and quarter-
master in the Mexican war, and for which his
' Vouchers were lost at the battle of Buena Vista;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of E. M. Joslin, praying for an act of incor-
poration foramanufacturin^company, submitted
an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a petition of citizens of Georgetown,
praying for an extension of the right of suffrage,
reported a bill (S. No. 353) to amend the charter
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
■ Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 417) for the construction of a road from Fort
Itidgely, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of San-
tiago E. Arguella, submitted a report, accom-
panied by abill (S. No. 354) for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John P. Baldwin,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
355) for the relief of John P. Baldwin, owner of
the Spanish brig Gil Bias; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO CLERKS,
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the resolution (S. R. No. 23,) reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to enable
the Secretary of State to pay certain clerks in the
Departmont of State the same compensation as
has been paid to clerks of the sfme grade in the
other executive departments; and no amendment
being made, it was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, ana passed.
ARMS FOR CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, of the bill (S. No. 271) authorizing the
issue of an additional number of stand of arms
fer the use of the State of California.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When that bill was
under the consideration of the Senate a few days
ago I made some remarks against it. Since that
time I have received an explanation upon the
subject which is satisfactory to me, and I shall
make no further opposition to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ADMISSION OF.KANSAS.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 172) to authorize the people of Kansas to
fcrm a State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union when they have the
requisite population, with the amendment pro-
posed thereto by Mr. Seward, and an amend-
ment proposed to be offered by Mr. Toombs; and
to whom were referred the following bills: A
bill (S. No. 342) to restore order ana peace in
Kansas, introduced by Mr. Trumbull; a bill
(S. No. 343) supplementary to an act to organize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, intro-
duced by Mr. Clayton; a bill (S. No. 351) sup-
plementary to an act to organize the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas, and to provide for the
faithful execution of the said act in the Territory
of Kansas, according to the true intent and mean-
ing thereof, introduced by Mr. Geyer; reported
a bill (S. No. 356) to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and
State government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union on an equal footing with the origi-
nal States. Accompanying the bill was a report,
which Mr. Douglas read at the Secretary's desk.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for an order for the
printing of the bill and report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
report is one of great interest to the country, and
I therefore ask that ten thousand additional num-
bers of it be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I promised to make a state-
ment, but forgot it at the moment of submitting
the report, X now avail myself of this opportu-
nity to state that the committee allowed the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Collameu] the privi-
lege of preparing a dissenting opinion if lie should
conclude to do so, and of submitting it to-morrow
morning.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not know that any
report was to be made until we came into com-
mittee this morning, and I merely ask the privi-
lege, if 1 think proper to avail myself of it, of
submitting a counter report to-morrow morning.
[" Agreed."]
The PRESIDENT pro tem. The question is
on ordering the report to be printed.
Mr. HALE. Would it not be as well to wait
until the minority report can be printed with it?
Mr. TOOMBS. That can be printed also.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection.
Tlie motion to print was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Tennessee to print the extra
numbers will go to the Committee on Printing,
under the rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In pursuance of the notice
given last week, and in conformity with what
was the general understanding of the Senate
when they directed me to make the report this
morning, I now move to proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill, and the subjects connected with
it. I renew the notice given last week that 1
shall ask the Senate to take a final vote on it on
Wednesday of this week.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask that the bill just reported
be read through.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope the bill will not be taken
up until it is printed. 1 have not the slightest
wish to interpose any delay; but it is a very im-
portant bill, of about twenty sections, and differs
m many particulars from the printed bill in-
troduced by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and it would seem to me to be hardly
fair to push us to the consideration of it until it
is printed. I suppose it will be printed by to-
morrow morning. I express certainly my own
feelings when I say that I have not the slightest
wisli to interpose a moment's delay. I am will-
ing to vote as soon as I can do so understand-
ing^ on every portion of the bill. I do not
suggest the postponement for the purpose of
speaking. I have no wish to speak upon the bill.
I have no desire to delay action or interpose any
obstacles to such a course as the very decided
majority of the Senate propose to take. All I
ask is that the bill may he over until it be printed,
so that I can discharge my duty understanding^.
With that view, I shall not oppose taking it up
the moment the bill is printed; but I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Territories will
consent to such a reasonable proposition as that
Mr. DOUGLAS., The bill is already printed,
and will be here in a very few minutes. We have
sent to the office of the printer for it. My object in
calling it up to-day was simply to give'an oppor-
tunity to any one who wished to discuss the main
question, to deliver a speech on it. We know
that very few of the speeches relate to the imme-
diate features of any particular bill, but are on
the subject generally. I wish to give every Sen-
ator, who desires.to do so, an opportunity to make
.a speech before the vote is taken. The only effect
of postponing the consideration of the bill until
to-morrow will be to allow but two days instead
of three for the discussion. It cannot be said that
there has not been a pretty full discussion on the
subject. There have been ninety-one working
days of actual session of the Senate since the
House was organized. Of those ninety-one days
thirty-seven have been occupied with this one
question, according to a memorandum furnished
me by one of the clerks of the Senate, and taken
from the Journal. From now to Wednesday
will allow three days more. This will give forty
days out of ninety-four to this subject, which, I
think, is allowing a very fair proportion of time
for its discussion.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Can the Senator tell us how
soon we may expectthe report of the committee
to be printed ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume the report will be
printed and ready for delivery to-morrow morning.
Mr. SEWARD. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator, that, so for as I am concerned,
1 do not know that I have much to say oil the
subject; and it will relate chiefly to the question
in the newposition which it now assumes, having
heretofore discussed the broad question which
lies at the bottom of this subject. For that pur-
pose I need the report of the committee, which
I heard but very imperfectly, and therefore, of
course, it made no very distinct impression on my
mind. In the second place, I desire to know
also the views which are taken by the minor-
ity of the committee. I suppose an opportunity
of understanding the views of the minority will
be expected by all the Senators on this side of
the House, or all who do not agree with the
course recommended by the majority; but in
regard to that, as I suppose we can comprehend
them more easily than we can the positions of
the majority, with which we are less acquainted,
I do not know that it will be necessary to delay
the debate for the purpose of printing that report.
Still I want to hear the minority of the commit-
tee before I have anything to say.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there is no gentleman
who wishes to deliver a speech on the question
now, I shall of course consent to its postpone-
ment, but with the understanding that the final
vote shall be taken on Wednesday, just as if the
discussion continued to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the motion
to take up the bill for consideration withdrawn?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I will let that mo-
tion stand, and leave the Senate to decide it.
Mr. HALE. My motion was to postpone the
further consideration of the question until to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to its being
taken up.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject till to-morrow; butin
making the motion, I wish to say that I have no
disposition to speak on the subject, and do not
intend to do so. I am under a little obligation to
one Senator, whom I do not see in his seat, to
answer some queries which he put to me; but I
suppose he will excuse me from that. I make
the motion, not that I wish to speak, but simply
to enable me to act understandingly on the sub-
ject.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the postponement will
be with the general understanding suggested by
the Senator from Illinois, so that, if gentlemen do
not wish to speak on it now, we may proceed to
the consideration of other business; but I see no
reason why those who wish to discuss the gen-
eral principle may not go on now. The amend
