1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r7i
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
thinks the Senator is out of order in using such
language.
Mr. TOOMBS. To whom ?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator is certainly not
applying that language to any one in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall hear and consider any
correction which the Chair thinks proper to sub-
mit. I say this receptacle of everything dis-
honorable—which the Senator from New York
indorses as the fountain of truth—" spit upon
it," repudiated it. He and his friends took the
man, and protested against his principles, because
they wished to have a chance for the offices—a
policy in which I hope, for the honor of the
country, the Senator will have but few competi-
tors or imitators.
But I say the principle was confirmed by the
nation in 1852. It was confirmed by both parties.
We assigned it as the reason for the repeal of the
Missouri restriction. But without any of these
reasons—if this legislation had been followed
from the formation of the Constitution down to
now—if had been cemented by the blood of a
thousand fathers, the martyrs to liberty of this
age and of all ages—if it had gone back to the
day when the voice of Jehovah thundered on
Mount Sinai—if it had been sustained by all the
righteous and patriotic blood shed in the cause
of liberty, from that day to this,—I would have
stricken it off from the statute-book, because it
was against the Constitution. The Constitution
is my rule of action. I have no higher law, and
I despise the man that has. I look upon him as
a wretch who is seeking power, and will not pay
its penalty—one without magnanimity or prin-
ciple—one who will steep his conscience in per-
jury in order to get the advantages of place.
Not intending to do that, I say that if all the
blood of all the fathers had sealed the bond, I
would have torn it from the statute-book if I stood
alone, because it was against the Constitution
and against justice. That is the point on which I
put it. I fought it openly, independently, before
the North ana the South. I take my full share
of the responsibility now, henceforth, and for-
ever, whatever may be the consequences to me
or the Republic.
I have no complaint to make against any man
who holds himself bound by the Constitution,
and puts a different construction on it from me.
I honor him for following his own construction,
instead of concurring in mine. The Senator from
New York asks, to what condition have we
brought the country? Sir, we have brought it
back to Jefferson's law of 1804; we have brought
it back to the faith of the fathers. We have to-
day, in every Territory over which the flag of
America floats, the same law upon slavery pre-
cisely that Jefferson put there. Of course, the
Senator and others will say that they want to fol-
low the fathers. With the declaration, they know
they can deceive the ignorant; and yet they have
put up a man, Colonel Fremont, who neither
knows nor cares either for the principles of the
fathers, or any other rule of conduct, except to
promote himself. His army and beef contracts
in California show his will, if not his skill, in
using the public Treasury for his own purposes.
His supporters demand but one qualification. He
has it:
" Rob me the exchequer the first thing thou doest, and do
it with unwashed hands, too."
I do not know why it is that these gentlemen
attach any particular purity or sanctity to the
opinions of Jefferson. He owned slaves. That
is one of the accidents of life; sometimes a mis-
fortune, sometimes a benefit to both sides. What-
ever there was in it, Jefferson had the bad fortune
or good fortune to own slaves. He kept them as
long as he lived; he consumed their labor with-
out wages, as the Abolitionists falsely assert; and,
for aught I know, they or their posterity are
owned by his descendants now. This is the
model held up to you, and held up to the Ameri-
can people. I show you that Mr. Jefferson pro-
tested against the restriction of slavery; I show
you that he lived and died a slaveholder. The
nonorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] offers
him as a model. I accept him. I will follow his
polity. Turn to the statute-book, and you will
find that the first territorial act for Kansas was
Bigned by Jefferson, without any slavery restric-
tion. Then look to his letter to Mr. Monroe,
during the Missouri controversy, when he said,
that, in his judgment, the prohibition was uncon-
stitutional, and that it was got up by Rufus King
and the Federalists.
Mr. WADE. He was superannuated then.
[Laughter.]
Mr.TOOMBS. What, your model superannu-
ted in 1820, when he opposed your restriction!
He equally opposed it as President of the United
States in 1804; and the American people, with
singular unanimity, made this superannuated
) model, President again after he signed the law not
prohibiting slavery in Kansas ? I offer the solemn
judgment of the fathers against the unfounded
imputation of the Senator. 1 would advise that
Senator not to push that point too far. Indul-
gent friends have set up that plea in behalf of the
extravagance and eccentricities of gentlemen on
this floor. It was kindness in them to offer it.
He had better not make the rule too wide.
[Laughter.] At all events, 1 have given you Jef-
ferson's opinions in his early life, in his mature
manhood, during his first presidential term, for
which the American people gave him a verdict of
sanity in 1804. This shows Jefferson's views.
I only ask you to conform to them, or abandon
the false and fraudulent pretenses that you ap-
prove them.
Mr. President, we are told that we brought the
country to civil war. Civil war may happen in
any country. It does not require that you should
have bad government; it does not require that
you should have real public grievances; it does
not require that you should have tyranny; it only
requires that you should have bad men. That is
a sufficient cause for insurrection. We had a
good government under General Washington,
and yet there was a rebellion in Pennsylvania.
There was a good government in Massachusetts,
when she was acting for herself, and yet she had
Shay's rebellion. Her bad people took counsel
of their own bad advisers. Many of her good
people were misled or intimidated by them, and
rebellion was the fruit of this combined wicked-
ness and folly.
Now, in regard to Kansas, we have said to all
the earth, to all the race of Adam who have white
skins, no matter where born, whether under free
or despotic institutions—no matter whether in
America, Asia, or Europe, if they claim kindred
of color and race—" Come, here is a broad and ,
fair land, with room enough for all of us, stretch-
ing from the Atlantic to the far off Rocky Moun-
tains, with countless millions of acres of fertile
lands, ready to support all the distressed, all the
famishing of all creeds, of all nations; come,
make it your home; come, men of Massachu-
setts, if you have been a laboring slave, toiling
for inadequate factory wages, come buy one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land; and if you have
not the money to pay for it, we will trust you.
Here are fair fields, only waiting for the plow;
here are abundant forests; here are running
brooks; here are pleasant places, with none to
make you afraid; come, participate in this gift
of God. and wisdom, and make just such institu-
tions as a majority of you choose to adopt.
This is the great wrong we have done. We
have told the men of the South, we have told the
men of the North, we have told the descendants of
Jefferson, we have told the descendants ofGreene,
we have told the descendants of all the patriots
of all the States who won this territory by the
common blood and common treasure, to come,
to enjoy this fair land, to enjoy it in peace, to
enjoy it in republican equality; we have said to
the men of the North, " Bring your little prop-
erty, whatever it is, or if it is nothing, bring your
labor." We said to the men of the South," Bring
your flocks and your herds, your man-servants [
and your maid-servants: if you have none of
these, bring your labor." We have said, " Select;
your own place; we will survey it and give it to
you at a moderate price, and perhaps for no price
at all; we will make your roads and bridges;
we will make it a pleasant place for you to live
in; we will provide for you until you are able to
take care oryourselves; and when you shall have
grown strong enough we will give you the pearl
above all price in this world—entry into this great
family of free, sovereign, independent States, as
an equal." We said, " Determine your institu-
tions for yourselves; we impose but one condition,
and that is one which applies to every State of
the Union—that your constitution shall be repub-
lican." This is the only wrong we have done.
We shut out no Massachusetts man. We told
no citizen of New York that he should not go
there. We did not prescribe what property he
should take. We told the Virginian, the Caro-
linian, the Georgian, as well as the men from the
North, " Go, take whatever you have got, live,
prosper, labor, benefit your own condition, and
when you come into the Union, make whatever
institutions, you please." This is the crime, the
only crime, we have committed against humanity
or the human race. %
Well, sir, certain persons in Massachusetts, in
New York, and in the West, not accepting this
glorious boon in the spirit in which it was offered,
took into their heads not to seek their own good,
but, affecting to be concerned about humanity,
and instigated by demons who wanted power at
all hazards, accepted, not the offer of the Govern-
ment, but the oner of traitors, to make war and
not peace, to seek political power and not per-
sonal benefits; and so went out to make Kansas
a free State; they were confident, overbearing,
unjust; they were taught to despise their fellow-
! citizens from a different section, and having dif-
ferent institutions ; and they were foolish enough to
believe what they were tola—that they would be an
easy conquest by force—that Sharpe's rifles would
settle the Territory in their favor. It does not
seem to have turned out that way. " Hinc lachry-
mal Upon this discovery the whole tactics
were changed. These imbecile, cowardly slave-
holders suddenly became terrible " border ruf-
fians," " the conquerors and oppressors" of these
peaceable friends of liberty! The shrieks for
freedom now rend the air, and the whole North
is called to the rescue. The Free-Soilers admit that
they are tired of force—tired of the trial by battle.
I again offer them the original proposition in the
Kansas bill—trial by the ballot-box. That was
my policy then and ntfw. I intended to main-
tain it, whatever might be the determination of
Kansas; and I intend to do it now. I recollect
making that declaration to the Senator from
New York at the passage of the Kansas bill, and
when I made it 1* told me that I should not be
here to vote on that question. Sir, by the bless-
t ing of God, and the will of my constituents, I am
here now to redeem the pledge. I am here to give
that very vote from which he shrinks to-night. I
am here to give that very vote which he is unwill-
ing to .meet on the principles he has laid down. He
asks us to accept a constitution made by about one
thousand seven hundred and fifty people, without
law, without authority of any sort, against law, in
rebellion and resistance to law. He is willing to
take the work of one thousand seven hundred and
fifty men las t August—nearly a year ago; and under
that constitution the people have no right to call a
convention for its amendment before the expira-
tion of nine years. He is willing that one thousand
seven hundred and fifty men shall not only bind the
seven thousand voters shown to be ir. Kansas a
year ago by the exhibit of the ballot-box, but
that they shall bind all that shall go there for
nine years to come. Whylsthis? Itis not just.
Simply because they opinions conform to those
of the Senator from New York on the subject of
slavery. When he affirmed that this constitution
represented the will of the people of Kansas, 1
knew he did not believe it, and it is now shown
by his votes. He is willing to take that as an
expression of public opinion which is in conform-
ity with his own, and not because it is the public
will. He is unwilling to test this question, and
let the people determine the matter for themselves.
The political party of Abolitionists to whom he
i belongs not only desire to govern Massachusetts,
to govern New York, to govern the free States,
but to govern Kansas and the honest people
throughout the country everywhere; whereas we,
"the slave power," this omnipotent and all-per-
rading influence, as is falsely charged, come up as
a solid body, and appeal to the people to go to the
ballot-box, and let the free white men settle the
question. Thatis the wish of the " slave ocracy,"
this " slave power "that taunts you to-night with
unwillingness to meet them on the great principle
