1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE COJNGKESSIOft AL GLOBE.
1
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be equal to three fourths of her cost when so
repaired.
Approved, February 27, 1856.
No. 3.—An Act to change the Name of tlieBrig
Hibernia to Victor of the Wave.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized to change the name of
the American-builtbrig Hibernia, owned by John
Commins, of Charleston, South Carolina, to tiat
of Victor of the Wave, and to grant her a regis-
ter in that name.
Approved, March 5, 1856.
No. 4.—An Act to authorize the issuing of a
Register or Enrollment to the Bark Cabargo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
or enrollment for the bark Cabargo, formerly a
British vessel, but now owned by Thomas Kin-
ney. & citizen of the State of New York, which
said vessel having been dismantled on a voyage
to New York, was purchased by him, and which
he has caused to be repaired and refitted for sea
again: Provided, It shall be proved, to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the
cost of repairing and refitting said vessel in the
United States, exceeds three fourths of the ori-
ginal cost of building a vessel of the same tonnage
in the United States.
Approved, March 5, 1856.
No. 5.—An Act to admit to Register or Enroll-
ment the Schooner Zadock Pratt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, authorized and directed to issue a
register or enrollment to the schooner Zado 'k
Pratt, now owned by William Peck and James
B. Smith, citizens of.Buffalo, in the State of New
York: Provided, It shall be proved, to the satis-
faction of said Secretary, that two thirds of the
cost of the construction of said vessel was put
upon her in the United States.
Approved, March 13, 1856.
No. 6.—An Act for the relief of the Distributees
of Colonel William Linn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed
and required to settle with the distributees of
Colonel William Linn, an officer in the revolu-
tionary army, and to allow them five years' full
pay as a colonel, which is the commutation of
half-pay for life, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. The
money to be paid to Mrs. Elizabeth A. R. Linn,
upon giving satisfactory security to the said ac-
counting'oliicers, to be by her distributed accord-
ing to the laws of the State of Missouri: Pro-
vided, That the sum hereby directed to be paid
shall be in full of all claims of the descendants or
representatives of the said Colonel William Linn
under any laws of the United States now or here-
tofore in force.
Approved, April 1, 1856.
No. 7.—An Act for the relief of Jacob Dodson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Government be, ami tliey are hereby, author-
ized and directed to allow Jacob Dodson, a col-
*ored man, who, on the seventh day of July, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-six, at the
American Forks, in California, volunteered as a
private, for during the war, in Captain Richard
Owen's company of the California battalion, and
who was discharged therefrom on the fourteenth
of April, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
seven, at Los Angeles, in California, all the pay
and allowances to which he would be entitled,
under the existing laws for such service, in the
same manner as if he had been legally enlisted
in, and honorably discharged from, the service of
the United States, deducting therefrom the sum
of two hundred and eighty-one dollars, paid to
him by Colonel J. C. Fremontfor his services as
a member of the exploring expedition, within the
period named above; the amount necessary there-
for to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated'.
Approved, April 18,1856.
No. 8.—An Act to authorize the Issue of a Regis-
ter to the Brig Echo, of Boston.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to cause a register
to be issued to the brig Echo, a British-built
vessel, purchased by Eben Wheelwright, a citi-
zen of the United States, said vessel having been
damaged at sea, and repaired by the said Wheel-
wright: Provided, It shall be proved to the satis-
faction of the said Secretary that the repairs made
in the United States, after the purchase of the
vessel by the said Wheelwright, are equal to, or
exceed two thirds of the value of the vessel when
so repaired.
Approved, April 18, 185G.
No. 9.—An Actfor the relief of Mary E. Tillman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War cause to be
paid to Mary E. Tillman, of South Carolina, a
pension of twenty dollars per month, during her
natural life, commencing on the fourth day of
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
seven.
Approved, April 23, 1856.
No. 10.—An Act to continue Half-pay to Mrs.
Lewright Browning for a further term of five
Years.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to continue to Mrs.
LewrightBrowning, widow of Robert L. Brown-
ing, late of the Navy, half the monthly pay of
her said deceased husband, for a further term of
five years, from the time when the half pay
granted her by act of Congress, approved Sep-
tember twenty, eighteen hundred and fifty, shall
cease.
Approved, April 26, 1856.
No. 11. An Act for the relief of Christian Hax,
of the State of Maryland.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the circuit court of the United
States for the fourth circuit and Maryland dis-
trict, be, and it is hereby, authorized to amend
the record of the naturalization of Christian Hax,
of date the twenty-third of April, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, so as to make the word
" Hanks" read " Hax," if satisfactory proof
shall be introduced to said court to show that the
said Christian Hax is the identical person who
was then naturalized by order of the court, and
that his name has been entered upon the records
of said court as " Hanks," by mistake or mis-
prision of the clerk of said court* And the said
record, when so amended, shall have the same
force and effect as if no misprision or mistake had
been made by the clerk in misstating his name in
the order of said court: Provided, Said amend-
ment shall not be so construed as to affect the
rights of any other person than the said "Hax,"
which may, by law, have vested prior to the
correction of said record.
Approved, May 14, 1856.
No. 12.—An Act for the relief of Captain Lang-
don C.Easton, Assistant (Quartermaster United
States Army.
Be it enacted bv the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled,'That the proper accounting officers of
the War Department be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to credit Captain Lang-
don C. Easton, assistant quartermaster United
States Army, on settlement of his accounts, with
the sum of seventeen thousand six hundred and
fifty dollars, being the amount of which he was
defrauded by .his late clerk, Gustavus McHar-
court, while stationed at Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Approved, May 29, 1856.
No. 13.—An Act for the relief of John Crawford.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That John Crawford be, and he ia
hereby, authorized to locate certificate number
three thousand one hundred and fifty, for eight
hundred and ninety dollars and ninety cents, for-
feited land-stock in the State of Mississippi, on
any public lands in the United States subject to
private entry, at not exceeding one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre.
Approved, May 29, 1856.
No. 14.—An Act for the relief of William M.
F. Magraw.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That, in consideration of Indian dis-
turbances, and of the consequent increased ex-
penses and difficulties of carrying the mails along
the route number eight thousand nine hundred
and eleven, from Independence to Salt Lake, the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized and
required to allow and pay to William M. F. Ma-
graw, contractor for the mail service aforesaid,
the sum of thirty-six thousand dollars, for the
year ending on the eighteenth day of August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six; which said allow-
ance shall be in lieu of the present contract price
for said service, and shall be paid Out of the
Treasury.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be directed to pay out of
the Treasury, to the said William M. F. Magraw,
seventeen thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars, as full indemnity for hi^ claim for property
stolen and destroyed by the Indians, as included
in his account filed with the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be U further enacted, That the con-
tract heretofore entered into by said William M.
F. Magraw, for the transportation of the mails
on said route, be, and the same is, with the assent
of said Magraw, annulled from and after the
eighteenth day of August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six; and that the PostmasterGeneral be,and
he is hereby, authorized and required to let said
contract for the term of four years from said day,
and to advertise for proposals therefor.
Approved", May 29, 1856.
! No. 15.—An Act to Incorporate St. Thomas ' Lit-
erary Society, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatires of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Nicholas D. Young, George J.
A. Wilson, and Sidney A. Ciarkson, and their
successors, be, and they are hereby, made a body-
politic and corporate, forever, by the name of St.
Thomas' Literary Society, for purposes of char-
ity and education, and by that name may sue and
be sued, prosecute and defend, may have and use
a common seal, and the same alter and renew at
pleasure; may adopt and establish rules, regula-
tions, and by-laws, not repugnant to the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, for properly
conducting the affairs of said corporation; may
take, receive, purchase, and hold estate, real, per-
sonal, and mixed, not exceeding in value the sum
of five hundred thousand dollars at any one time,
and may manage and dispose of the same at pleas-
ure, and apply the same, or the proceeds of the
sales thereof, to the uses and purposes of the said
corporation, according to the rules and regulations
which now are, or may hereafter be, established;
and the said corporators shall and may, from
time to time, as the necessities of the said corpo-
i ration shall or may require, increase their number,
j but so as not to exceed, at any time, ten persons,
to be corporators in the same.
' Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the saw
