782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
unless the crusade of Governor Curry, of Oregon, against
all thejnditaia inhabiting Washington Territory should pre-
vent. By sewlm? bis volunteers asam^t the Walla-Wallas,
who had not made open war against the whites, he has
added several tzibes £the lanks of the enemy."
k * * * + * *
" Again, when the volunteers marched against the Walla-
Wallas, the chief, Piu-pm-mox-niox met them under a flag
of truce, and declared, 4 He was^'or peace, and did not wish
toii^ht; that his people did not wi&h to fi^ht; and if his
young men had done wrong, he would make testuution ;>
and at the same time offered them cattle for tood. He, how-
ever, was taken prisoner, and aftei waids baibaroue-Iy mur-
dered, scalped, Ins ears and hands cut off, and thesp pre-
seived, and sent to the fuendd of the volunteers in Oregon;
all winch was reported by volunteer."
" In Oregon, as well as in the northern part of California,
many whites are for exterminating the Indians. This feel-
ing is engendered by two newspapers that go for extermina-
tion, and i-* more or less possessed by the volunteer, as well
as others not enrolled under the bamioi^ of Governor Cuny.
As Ions as individual war is permitted and paid for by the
United" States, and which is expected by all the citizens of
Oregon, we fehall have no peace, and the war may be pro-
longed indefinitely, e.-pccially as it is generally asserted
that the pie-sent wat is a God-send to the people. (See
ouleis. and lnsUuelioiia to Colonel Wright.)"
It seems to mo, therefore, that as General Wool
and Governor Curry seem to be pursuing different
lines of policy, the Administration should recall
one or the other. If Governor Curry be determ-
ined to exterminate the Indians—those that are
friendly as well «s the hostile or warlike tribes-
how is it possible to preserve the peace of the
country? If General Wool be correct, peace is
not what is desired by the civil authority in
Oregon. I am ready to vote any amount neces-
sary to preserve peace in Oregon, aKft secure the
inhabitants of that Territory from the mcrciless
savage, but I am unwilling to wage a war ^ ex-
termination upon the friendly Indians; and* the
hope that the appropriation will be expended for
the promotion and maintenance of friendly rela-
tions with the Indian tribes, I shall vote for the
bill; but I confess it is a little remarkable that the
Administration should send into that Territory a
military commander and a Governor who should
differ so widely as to the proper mode to be pur-
sued, in order to restore peace to the country.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I will answer the statement he
has made.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr, GRAN"GER. I hope the motion that the
committee rise will prevail. Iam willing that
the House should vote any amount of money
that may be necessary for the projection of the
people of Oregon and Washington; but in a matter
of so much importance as (his I think we should
at leasl have twenty-four hours for consideration,
and I hope, therefore, that the committee will
now rise.
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and AJessrs. Clawson and Granger
appointed.
The question was put, and the count was pro-
ceeding, when
Mr. H. MARSHALL said: I rise to a ques-
tion of older. I want to know how the iloor
was taken from tin-1 gentleman from Virginia to
make the motion that the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Virginia to have yielded the
floor.
Mr. CARLILE. I did not yield the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly not. I asked the
gentleman from Virginia to yield to enable me to
answer the statement he had made.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order
while the committee i? being divided.
Mr. PURYEAR. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know by what right this division is
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly, the division
is not proceeding by virtue of any right. It is
all <#rong. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Morgan] could not take the lloor from the
gentleman from Virginia to move that the com-
mittee rise; and the appomtmcut of tellers and
eveiything founded upon that motion is all
wrong.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair jvill put the
matter right if the gentleman will allow him.
The gentleman from Virginia ir entitled to the
floor.
Air. CARLILE. I "would have concluded the
few additional remarks I had to make before this
time if I had been allowed to proceed.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to say a word ?
Mr. CARLILE. If it is to ask a question.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no question to ask; I
desired to answer the gentleman.
Mr. CARLILE. It is not my purpose to
defeat this bill. What I desire is information
from the committee which reported this bill, such
as will enable me to vote intelligibly upon it. I
desire to know from the members of that com-
mittee as to the correctness of the statement of
General Wool, and as to the probable extent of
the proposed measure in affording relief, and secur-
ing peace, to the Territories of Washington and
Oregon
Mr. Q,UTTMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will inform him. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have the subject before them, and will
soon be able to report fully and correctly in ref-
erence to the question at issue between General
Wool and Governor Curry.
Mr. CARLILE. Then, Mr. Chairman. I un-
derstand this state of things to be presented to the
committee; General Wool states that this is a
war of extermination against the Indians. If this
appropriation is to be made to continue war of
extermination I am against it. If, however, it is
to enable friendly relations to be maintained with
the peaceable Indians, I am in favor of it. And
as it seems to be understood by the committee
that this is a peace measure, I shall vote for it.
Mr. LETCHER. I believe the objection of
my colleague, who has just taken his scat, consists
principally in the fact that there is a conflict be-
tween the statement of General Wool and that
of Governor Curry, in relation to the commence-
ment of this war. Now, sir, how does he expect
to get at the facts of the case without going into
an investigation which will probably require
months to complete. Here, then, is presented
this state of facts: We have undeniable evidence
that this war is going on; but my colleague, rely-
ing upon the statement of General Wool, says,
that if this is to be a war of extermination of the
Indians upon the part of the whites, then he is
not willing to vote for the appropriation. Sir, it
is intended for no such purpose. We have the
declaration of the President of the United States
that it is intended for no such purpose; we have
the declaration of the Secretary of the Interior
that it is intended for no such purpose. And
more than this, the bill upon us face declares that
it is for no such purpose.
It is no war measure. It is not proposed here
with thai view. It is brought in here as a peace
measure—as the means of enabling these people
m the Territories of Washington and Oregon
to piotcct themselves against the combinations
which have been formed against them by the In-
dians in those Territories.
But my colleague says here is the declaration—
they are to be exterminated. Look at this state
of facts, and see whether there is any particular
reason which would be likely to operate on the
citizens of those two Territories which would
lead them into a difficulty of this sort for the pur-
pose of waging a war of extermination against
the Indians, with a certainty of success on the
part of the whites? We have already had it
stated upon this iloor, that the various Indian
tribes in the Territory of Oregon, according to
a census made some years ago by the honorable
gentleman who represents it, numbered some
hfty odd thousand people. 1 take it for granted
: that the Indians have since increased m numbers.
I When the gentleman made this enumeration he
J sayt> he had not the means of ascertaining the full
I number in the Territory. Compare the number,
j however, as ascertained by him, with the number
j of the white population, and it seems to me, that
i it is rather questionable whether, if a war of \
■ extermination were waged, the whites or the j
] Indians would be exterminated. The population j
| of Oregon is something less than fifty thousand. |
i That of Washington is live or six thousand, i
| Here, then, are iifty-five or fifty-six thousand j
i white population, which is not, to give it the most !
| favojable bearing, more than the number of the [
I Indian population within the borders of these !
j Territories. Does my colleague come to the con- :
J elusion, with the parties of equal numbers on both !
■ sides, that the probability is that the whites are i
willing to risk everything in a war of extermina-
tion? And mark you, sir, so far as these whites
are concerned, they are made up, not of men that
are capable of going to war, but of men, women,
and children, a large portion of whom are ineffi-
cient and incapable of rendering any service in
this war of extermination, according to his theory.
One other remark and I have done. It seems
to me, sir, from the very facts stated here, and
they are admitted in regard to the difficulties
which have occurred in that Territory, that Gen-
eral Wool cannot be right in many of the state-
ments which he lias made m this publication.
Geneftil Wool had his troops at a particular point
in that Territory. He withdrew them because,
as he declared, there was no war in existence,
and no war threatened at that place. We find
that very shortly; thereafter a battle was fought at
that identical point. I believe that it is on the
east side of the Cascade mountains. This is
a significant fact in connection with this mat-
ter. This fact, together with an additional one,
that these Indians rose simultaneously at differ-
ent points of the country, at Puget's Sound, at
this place east of the Cascade ndge, where the
battle was fought, and at the lower portion of
Oregon, distant six hundred miles, shows conclu-
sively that there was an understanding amongst
these tribes. That understanding was carried
out by these simultaneous movements in different
parts of the Territory. Are we to wait and see
what is to be the result of this controversy be-
tween the officer in command of the Army of the
United States and the Governors of these Terri-
tories? Are we to stand by and see innocent
blood shed for the purpose of ascertaining which
is right and which wrong? There will be an
opportunity to consider this matter at a future
time, when it shall be presented on an application
from the Territories for indemnification for ser-
vices rendered by their volunteers. Then the
injuries of my colleague will bo pertinent. Then
this House will look into them, and they will
ascertain whether the conduct of these volunteers
was such that their services are worthy of indem-
nification. I trust, under the circumstances,
with the information which we have before us,
coming from the President of the United States
and the proper officers at the seat of Government,
informing us that this massacre is going on, that
we will appropriate the money and endeavor to
give protection to this people; and that we will
leave these other questi«s for a future time, and
to bills to which they will have more relevancy
than they have to this.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It seems to me, Mr.
Chairman, that we cannot do better than rise, and
put this bill on its passage. The President of the
United States, in his message of the 10th of March,
has already given character to the appropriation
which he desired. He has alrcadv indicated, by
sending us the communication of Mr. Many-
penny, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, what
he wants with this money. It is to be expended
by the Governors of the two Territories, under
the direction of the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, to feed the Indians. Itcannotbe supposed
by the committee that the President would so
commit himself to the Congress of the United
States and the country tis to take this money, when
we have appropriated it, for any other purpose.
Therefore I do not see the necessity of talking
about what it is intended to do with this money.
It is intended to feed the Indians. It can be for
nothing else. The President would not only com-
promise his dignity, but his honesty as a'public
officer, if he were to appropriate it to anything
else. Suppose, sir, we have got into a war with
these Indians wrongfully; it is to be carried out no
matter whether the people of Oregon were right
or wrong; no matter whether our policy has been
pursued or thwarted on the one hand by General
Wool, or on the other by Governor Curry.
While the war is actually upon the country, and
while, according to the representation of the Del-
egate from Oregon, women and children are liable
to be massacred bythe tomahawk of the Indians
—whether these Indians have been incited by suf-
ficient or insufficient cause, it is not for us to de-
cide in an appropriation of this sort—we have to
carry on the war until we can make a peace. We
will have to carry on the war until the frontier is
Erotected. We cannot possibly, it seems to me,
ave any difficulty in giving this money into the
