1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, or whether
the *two committees have had any conference in
regard to the questions connected with this bill ?
I ask this questipn, because my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
who devotes much time to, and takes great interest
in, such questions, is now absent. He was not
here at the moment when the bill was taken up,
though he was here a few minutes before, and I
am", sure he will not be absent many minutes.
Certainly it would not be proper to dispose of the
bill in,his absence.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no danger of its
being disposed of before the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs will have an oppor-
tunity of offering his amendments. Indeed, he
told me that his committee would have very few
amendments to offer. What they are I do not
know; but whatever they may be, he will have
an opportunity of presenting them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The next amendment was to add the following
to the Choctaw appropriations:
For part payment to the Choctaws for their relinquish-
ment and lease of lands, in conformity with the provisions
contained in the tenth and thirteenth articles of the treaty
of Q2d of Juue, 1855, $100,000.
For interest on ,$'500,000, at five per cent., for education
and other beneficial purposes, to be applied under the direc-
tion of the genuial council of the Choctaws, in confoimily
with the provisions contained in the if nth and thirteenth
articles of the treaty of 23d of June, 1855, #25,000.
For interest, fiom the 4th ot March to the lJth of June,
1856, on $500,000, at five per cent., for education and other
beneficial puiposes, to be applied under the direction of
the general council of the Choctaws, in confoimity with
the piovisiuns> contained in the tenth and tlmtecnthaiUcles
of the treaty of 2^d of June, 1855, $8,150 68.
For expenses of commissioner who signed the treaty
on the part of Hie Choctaws, m coming to, and returning
from, and while remaining m Washington city, per twenty-
seeond aitiele of the treaty of2-2d of June, 1855, §3,961 50.
Mr. HUNTER. T move to amend theamend-
merit by striking out " 4th of March, "and insert-
ing " S2<1 of June, 1855;" and by striking out
" $8,150 G8," and inserting " $25,616 43." The
third clause of the amendment, as thus amended,
will read:
For interest from the 22il of June, 18.V), to the -30th of
June, 1856, on $"'00,000, at ftw, pti centum, foi education
and other beneficial pin poses, to be applied under the direc-
tion of the general council of the Choctaws, m confoimity
with the piovimoiis contained m the tenth ami thirteenth
articles oflhc treaty ol shJd of June, 1855, $25,616 43.
I will state the reason why this amendment is
moved to the amendment originally reported.
There was a difference of opinion between the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the Indians
as to the time when interest should commence
under the treaty lately ratified—whether it should
begin to run from the day when the treaty was
made, or the date of its ratification by the Senate.
The Commissioner thought it should run from
the date of ratification; and on this view the ori-
ginal amendment was offered; but after seeing the
treaty, the Committee on Finance were unani-
mously of opinion that the interest began to run
from the day when the treaty was made, and
therefore this modification is proposed.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following; provision from the appropriations for
the Menomonies:
For fifth of fifteen installments for pa}7 of a miller, per
fourth article of the tieaty of October 18, 184 , diid tluul
article of the tieaty ot May 12, 185-1, -$600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out all the appropria-
tions contained m the bill for the Ottawas, and
Ottawas and Chippewas, and to insert:
Ottawas and Chippewas of Michigan.—For payment of
the present just indebtedness of said Indians, m accord-
ance with the last amendment of the Senate to the first
article of the treaty of July 31, 18"5, #40,000.
For fir&toften equal annual installments for educational
puoposes, to be expended under the direction ot the Presi-
dent, according to the wishes of the Indians, so far a-s may
be reasonable and just, per second article of the treaty of
July 31, 1855. %8,UO0.
For fust of five equal annual installments in agricultural
implements and c«trpcnter'b tools, household furniture, and
building materials, cattle, labor, and necessary useful
articles, per second aitiele of the treaty of July 31, 1835,
t£ll -j.OOO.
For first installment for the support of four blacksmith
shops for ten vean>, per second Vticle of the treaty of July
31, 1855. .*?4,2'!0.
For tir*t installment of principal payable annually for ten
years, to be distributed per capita, in the usual manner of
paving annuities, pei second article of the treaty of July 31,
1855, $10,000.
For interest on ,$-296,000, unpaid part of the principal
sum of $306,000, for one year, at five per cent, per annum,
to be distributed per capita, in the usual manner of paying
annuities, per second article of the treaty of July 31,1855,
$14,800.
For first of ten equal annual installments, in lieu of
former treaty stipulations, to be paid per capita to the Grand
river Ottawas, per second article of the treaty of July 31,
1855, $3,500.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding a clause which was omitted by
mistake when the amendments were originally
reported:
Ottawas of Kansas.—For their proportion of the perma-
nent annuities in money, goods, or otherwise, payable under
the fouith article of the treaty of the 3d of August, 1795,
second article of the treaty of the 17th of November, 1807,
the fourth article of the treaty of the 17th of September,
1818, and the fourth article of the treaty of the 29th of Au-
gust, 1821, $2,600.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out:
StoSkbridges.—For interest on #16,500 at five per centum,
per ninth aitiele tieaty 24th November, 1848, #825.
And, in lieu of this provision, to insert:
Stoc.kbridgcs and Munsees. — For expenses of impiove-
rnents, per &econd and fourth articles of the treaty ot 5th
Februaiy, 1846, #41,000.
For expenses of their leinoval to the lands granted them
by the piovi-siorit* oi' the second and fifth aitiele^ of the
treaty of 5th February. 1856, $2.5/5; and the amount now
m the Treasuiy appropuated by acts of 3d Maich, 1849,
and 3J<t July, 1654. lor the removal of the Stoekbndges,
shall also be applicable to the expenses of the removal pro-
vided in the treaty aforesaid.
Foi payment lor improvements on lands ceded by the
first aitiele of the licat> of 5th February, lc!56, per fifteenth
artK.de of said treaty, $5,000.
For purchase of stock and npce^aries, and to settle their
affairs, to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the lnteuor, in conformity with the amendment of the
Senate to the second article of the tieaty of 5th February,
1856, #18,003.
Foi the expenses of the suivey and allotment of land'',
per third ait tele of the treaty of 5th February, 1856, #1,700 ;
and the sum of $2,t'00 now in the Treasuiy appiopnated
by the act of 3d Maich, 1849, as the fnst installment to
Hiichoms and < luei ,'5 per amendment of the Senate to
the treaty of 24th November, 1818, and now jelinqui^hed
by the first article of the treaty of 5th February, 18o8, shall
also be applied ioi the expenses of said suivey and allot-
ment
For expenses of the examination and adjustment, by
duection of the Secietary ot the Interim, of lots allotted
to the Stoelvbudees undui the act of 3d Maich, 1843, per
thirteenth aitjcie ol the treaty of 5th February, 1856, #750.
The amendment was agreed to.
The remaining amendments of the committee
were to add to the bill the following:
For the geneial incidental expenses of the Indian scivice
in the Tenitoiyof Utah, and presents to Indians m said
Temtory, -"545,000.
Foi the geueial incidental expenses of the Indian seivice
in the Territoiy of New Mexico, #12,500.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in (Jahlorma, embracing expenses of travel of the «upciin-
tendentand agents and neeessaiv subsistence of employes,
#27,850.
For the pay of physicians, smiths, caipenters, and la-
borer on the reservations in California, #82.500.
Foi dehaving the e.\f>en>>es of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indians of California to the ienervations in that
State, #91,650.
For tiie general incidental expenses ofthe Indian service
in the Teiritoiy of Washington, #30,000.
Fur the expcn>e> oi' adjusting difficulties and preventing
outbreaks m the Territory of Washington, #10,000.
Fo! the geneial incidental expense?* of the Indian seivice
in the Teinioiy of Oregon, including msuiance and tians-
posiation of anmutie.3, #30,0u0.
Fo! adju-mnydillieulties andpreventin?outbreaks among
the Indians in the Terntoiy of Oregon, #10,00o.
To enable the Secret.uy of the Intetun to settle and pay
the awards of commissioners fori enervations, p eemption<,
and lor lents and improvements, under the twelfth, thir-
teenth, and sixteenth articles of the Cheiokee treaty of
the 59th D'xcmb; i, 1 f53, #5,724 33.
Forpuichise ol ^-tocfc and agi.cuJtmal implements for
the Oi eat and Little Oagep. per lomth clause of the second
aitiele of the treaty ol 11th Januaiy, 1^39. #15,000.
Foi liquidating balance found due the Cteek Indians,for
losses su.-tamcd 'dmmg the last war with Great Bntain by
that portion of the tribe that was friendly to, and cooperated
with the United States, to be paid to those individuals now
living, and the legal representatives of those deceased, who
are entitled to receive the same, the amount to be refunded
to the Hinted State--, when recovered fiom the late Creek
agent, Philip H. Rulord, or his emetic, #1,884.
Foi the leappropnation of this amount, tor the expenses
of revising, preparing, and printing a new code of legula-
tionsfor the Indian Depailinent, in connection with all laws
and portions of laws m foiee m relation to Tndinn afT.ms,
duties, and lesponsibihties of superintendents and agents,
and disbursitig'and accounting tor public moneys, #2,000*
| Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior, out of said
sum, may allow a reasonable compensation to any cleiks
or officer* he may designate to piepare the compilation, for
actual services rendered m that duty at such times as will
not interfere with the proper discliaige of the legular duties
of their ie.-pective stations.
For payment to the children of John Connoly, being in-
terest on two hundred dollars, at six per centum per annum,
from 1st January, 1837, to 1st May, 1855, per fifth article of
the treaty of 28th September, 1836, with the Sacs and Foxes
of Mississippi, #-208.
For expenses of surveying the boundaries of Indian res-
ervations, and ot surveying, allotting, and defining Indian
.reserves and half-breed land*, and for other incidental ex-
penses of carrying into effect the treaties with the Indian
tribes in Michigan, and with the Chippewa Indians of the
Mississippi and of Lake Superior, so tar as any of the said
treaties provide for the survey or allotment of lands, or set
apart reservations for the tribes or bands, #5,000.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to redeem the
pledges of Governor D. Meriwether, in the articles recently
negotiated by him, under instructions given m pursuance of
the act of Congress making appropriations to defray the ex-
penses of said negotiations, made to the tribes and bands
respectively, with whom peaeeable relations have been de-
finitely agreed on and now exist, m making to said Indians
presents of goods, agncultuial implements, and other useful
articles, and in assisting tlieni to loeate in permanent abode?,
and sustain thpmselvos by the puisuit- ol' civilized life,
#35,000: Provided, That the President may assign to said
Indians, or any of them, any unclaimed and unoccupied
tract or tracts of land within the Territory 6f Now Mexico,
which, in his judgment, may be adapted for their perma-
nent location and support, and on which they may be will-
ing to concentrate; and any tract or tracts so assigned shall
be and remain for the residence and abode of any such tube
or tribes, or band or bands, and shall not be subject to sale
or entry, so long as Congress does not otherwise provide by
special enactment.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have two or three verbal
amendments to offer which arc necessary for the
convcnienoc of the accountants in keeping the
books. They arc, first, to add after the heading
" Chippewas of Lake Superior," the words " ful-
filling the treaty of 30th September, 1854;" to
strike out the heading " Chippewas of Missis-
sippi," andinsert " Chippewas of the Mississippi
—fulfilling the treaty of the 22d of February,
1855;" and to strike out the word " Chippewas"
where it occurs before " pillager and Lake Win-
nibigoshish bands."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am now through with the
amendments of the Committee on Finance; but it
would not bo proper to press this bill to its pas-
sage until the Committee on Indian Affairs have
an opportunity to offer their amendments. I
shall therefore move to postpone this bill until
Thursday next, by which time the Kansas mat-
ter will be disposed of, unless I shall find to-mor-
row in the morning hour that the Senate is will-
ing to take it up in the morning hour, so as not
to interfere with the Kansas question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have sent for the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and he, will
probably be here m a few minutes. We may
then resume this bili, if no other business inter-
feres with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I should prefer to continue
the bill if the chairman were here; but, m the
mean time, I move to postpone it until Thursday,
subject to the condition I have named.
Mr. "WELLER. I prefer that the bill should
be postponed until to-morrow. I wish to offer
some amendments, and I shall not be here on
Thursday. I take it for granted there will be a
number of Senators absent on Thursday—the
day immediately preceding the 4th of July. I
ask that it may be postponed until to-morrow,
with the hope that we may be able to dispose of
it during the morning hour. If we can dispose
of it during the morning hour, of course the
Senator from Virginia can have no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly not.
Mr. WELLEIi. If we shall not be able to
dispose of it to-morrow, we can then postpone
the bill until Thursday. I hope my friend from
Virginia will change his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. My colleague is now pres-
ent.
Mr. HUNTER. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from California, and others,
1 move to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow,
in order that we may then take it up, if such be
the pleasure of the Senate. If we shall find then
that it interferes with the Kansas matter, I give
notice that I shall ask for its postponement until
Thursday.
The motion was agreed to.
FIREMEN'S INSURANCE COMPANY".
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the bill (S. No.
325) to extend the charter of the president and
directors of the Firemen's Insurance Company
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, was read the second time by its
