1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
forty acres of land, in the Territory of Oregon,
being the tract formerly in possession of Emanuel
Horner, and on which his wife, L. Jane Horner,
and her children now reside, be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the said wife and children, in
the following manner: the south half of said sec-
tion to the said L. Jane Horner, in her own right,
and the north half to her said children: Provided,
It be shown to the satisfaction of the register and
receiver in Oregon, with the approval of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, that the
continued possession by the said L. Jane Horner
has been such as, under the conditions of the act
of twenty-seventh [of] September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, in regard to settlement, would en-
title her to a donation, and such as would have
entitled the said Emanuel Horner to a donation
had he remained in possession.
Approved, July 17, X856.
No. 26.—An Act for the relief of Captain J. P.
Hatch, of the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts of
Captain J. P. Hatch, of the United States Army,
be, and they are hereby, directed to allow to his
credit the sum of six hundred and ten dollars, the
amount lost by liim whilst the recruiting officer
at Cleveland, on the twenty-fifth day of October,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, July 17, 1856.
No. 27.—An Act for the relief of the legal Rep-
resentatives of Captain Joseph H. Whipple,
deceased.
Be it enacted iy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in the settlement of the accounts
of the late Captain Joseph H. Whipple, the ac-
counting officers be authorized and directed to
pass to his credit the sum of twelve hundred and
ninety-eight dollars and three cents, or so much
thereof as, in the opinion of the Secretary of War,
was properly expended by him on account of
" barracks at Turkey river;" and that the amount
due on such settlement, if any, be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
iited.
Approved, July 17, 1856.
No. 28.—An Act for the relief of Jacob Price, of
Jefferson county, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
the name of Jacob Price, of Jefferson county,
Virginia, to be placed on the pension-roll, at four
dollars per month, during the term of his natural
life, commencing the first day of January, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, July 17, 1856.
29.—An Act to authorize the Entry of certain
Lands in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline
Newington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Mrs. Caroline Newington be, and
she is hereby, authorized to enter, at the proper
land office, in the State of Iowa, the east half of
section seven, and the west half of section eight,
in township ninety-six, north of range nine west,
situated in the State of Iowa, upon payment to
the receiver of the proper land office one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre: Provided, That
said entry shall be made within six months after
the passage of this act.
Approved, July 30, 1856.
No. 30.—An Act for the relief of Elizabeth V.
Lomax, only surviving Child of Captain Wil-
liam Lindsay, of the Revolution.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sent, it'u-es of the United States of America in Congress
ax-ctnklcd, That tli" proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, am! they are hereby, rf^tfed
31th Cong.—1st Sessj.—4.
to pay to Elizabeth V. Lomax the sum of five
thousand six hundred and seventy-five dollars,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; the same being the arrears of pen-
sion due Captain William Lindsay, from the first
of October, seventeen hundred seventy-eight, to
the first of September, seventeen hundred and
ninety-seven.
Approved, July 30,1856.
No. 31.—An Act for the relief of the legal Rep-
resentatives of Zadock Thompson, of Ver-
mont.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprc
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont, the
sum of three hundred dollars, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; the
same to be in full for his services in preparing a
historical introduction to the returns of the sev-
enth census for the State of Vermont.
Approved, July 30, 1856.
No. 32.—An Act for the relief of the Heirs of
Samuel Scott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, required to inves-
tigate the claim of the heirs-at-law of Samuel
Scott, late of the State of Virginia; and, if he
should find, on such investigation, they were enti-
tled to bounty land for revolutionary services,
under the laws of that State, and that they failed
to procure the same for the reason that the papers
which established their right had been mislaid in
the Pension Office, that he issue to them a war-
rant, or warrants, for such number of acres as
they may be entitled to under the bounty land
laws of the State of Virginia.
Approved, July 30, 1856.
No. 33.—An Act for the relief of Levi Robinson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to pay,
out of any unappropriated money in the Treasury,
to Levi Robinson, of Eden, Maine, owner of the
schooner Mary Jane, two hundred and sixteen
dollars, as fishing bounty for eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, said schooner having complied with
all the requisitions of law to entitle her to bounty,
but was unable to present her papers, they having
been consumed by fire.
Approved, July 30, 185G.
No. 34.—An Act for the relief of the Owners and
Sharesmen of the Fishing Schooners Wan-
derer, Mary, Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and
Brothers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out
of any unappropriated money in the Treasury,
to the owners of the fishing schooners hereinafter
mentioned the following sums, respectively:
To the owners of the schooner Wanderer, of
Bristol, Maine, one hundred and thirty-six dol-
lars, as bounty for eighteen hundred and forty-
eight.
To the owners of the schooner Mary, of Brooks-
ville, Maine, one hundred and thirty-seven dollars
and eighty-one cents, as bounty for eighteen hun-
dred and iifty-two.
To the owners of the schooner Olive Branch,
ofSedgewick, Maine, one hundred and fifty-four
dollars and ninety cents, as bounty for eighteen
hundred and fifty-two.
To the owners of the schooner Two Brothers,
of Sedgowick, Maine, one hundred and twenty-
six dollars and thirty-five cents, as bounty for
eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
To the schooner Brothers, of Lyme, Connec-
ticut, three hundred and sixty dollars, as bounty
for eighteen hundred and fiftv-threc.
Apfroved, July 30, 1856
No. 35.—An Act directing a Settlement of. die
i Account of David Gordon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of-Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the First Auditor of the Treasury
be authorized and required to adjust and settle
the account of David Gordon as examining agent
of the land offices in Louisiana and Mississippi,
and that he be allowed the per diem specified in
his letter of instructions, from the eighth day of
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the
day upon which he commenced the service at
Greensburg, Louisiana, to the eleventh day of
June following, when he terminated the service
at Jackson, Mississippi, inclusive, and that he
be allowed mileage from this city to the offices
visited and back, agreeably to a schedule of dis-
tances furnished by the General Post Office De-
partment: Provided, That the rate of mileage shall
not exceed that specified in his letter of instruc-
tions; and that the same be paid out of any fund
hitherto subject to be charged for such special or
contingent services: And provided further, That
the sum paid by the Secretary of the Treasury on
account of the second service be deducted in the
final settlement under this act.
Approved, August 1, 1856.
No. 36.—An Act for the relief of Cephise Piseros,
Widow of Louis Labranche, of the Parish of
St. Charles, and State of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Anietica in Congress
assembled, That Cephise Piseros, as heir-at-law
of Jean Francois Piseros, deceased, be, and she
is hereby, confirmed in her title to a tract of land
in the parish of St. Charles, and State of Loui-
siana, situate on the left bank of the Mississippi
river, of about four arpents in front, with a depth
of forty arpents, bounded on the north by the
claim of Jean Francois Piseros, designated aa
" number eighty-eight" in the report of the board
of commissioners for the eastern district of the
Territory of Orleans, and on the south by the
lands of Adelard Fortier, designated as claim
" number four hundred and eighty-eight" by the
register and receiver of the land office for the
eastern district of Louisiana, in their report of
March twenty-second, eighteen hundred and six-
teen.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall, upon
being presented with a plat and certificate of sur-
vey of the said tract of land, legally executed by
the proper officer, issue a patent for the same:
Provided, however, That such patent shall operate
only as a relinquishment on the part of the United
States, and shall not affect or prejudice the rights
of any third person.
Approved, August 6, 1856.
No. 37.—An Act for the relief of Randall D.
Livingston.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprer
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Randall D. Livingston be, and he
is hereby, confirmed in his title to a certain tract
of land, lying and being within the limits of the
11 Baron do Bastrop grant," in the State of Loui-
siana, and described as follows, to wit: Beginning
at a corner post in the edge of a prairie known as
pi-airie " Mer Rouge;" running thence south one
hundred and fifty poles, to two black oaks and
three gums; thence east one hundred and thirty-
three poles, to a hickory and gum; thence north
one hundred and fifty poles, to three gums and a
dogwood; thence west one hundred and thirty-
three poles, to the place of beginning; containing
two hundred acres, being the same tract of land
conveyed by A. Morehouse to John Martin Mer-
riwether, bv deed, dated February first, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and five; and being,
also, that part cf the two tracts of land, amount-
ing in the aggregate to four hundred acres,
claimed by the said Randall D. Livingston before
the commissioners appointed under theact entitled
" An act for the settlement of certain classes of
private land claims within the limits of the Baron
de Bastrop grant," &c., approved March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, which was not
1 confirmed by the said commissioners.
