1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
title, and considered as in Committee of the
WI10I0.
Mr. YULEE. As this bill has been printed
and laid on the table for some time, I think it is
not necessary to road it at length.
Mr. A.LL&N. There is nothing more in the
bill than the ordinary provisions of a charter ex-
tension. It prohibits the company from issuing
any bills or certificates as money, and confines
them strictly to the business of insurance.
By unanimous consent, the reading- of the bill
was dispensed with; it was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. YULEE. As there is nothing before the
body, I rise to make a suggestion Which 1 hope
will find favor with the Senate. Inasmuch as we
are not likely to sit on Friday next, that being
the 4th of July, and have not been able, in con-
sequence of the pressure of questions of more
general interest, to take up for several weeks past
the Private Calendar, I propose that we do so
now. If, however, it is not agreeable to the Sen-
ate to take up the Calendar in its order, I shall
ask for the consideration of a particular bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Florida will not be insisted upon.
There is a special order which I wish to dispose
of; and when that is done, 1 shall make no objec-
tion. The special order to which I allude is
Senate bill No. 146.
Mr. YULEE. What is it?
Mr. SEWARD. It is a bill making provision
to compensate agents for paying pensions and
prescribing the time and manner of settling their
accounts. It has been a special order for a long
time.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a disputed matter.
I know that the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] if he were here, would have a great deal
to say on it.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Michigan
I presume, is here; but if not, I have his advice
and approbation as to what disposition I shall
make of thf bill. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] disputes it, and is in his place.
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope the Senate will agree to
my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Florida to
take up the Private Calendar.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better do that than
take up disputed matters.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first bill
on the Calendar is one (S. No. 301) for the xelief
of Cyrus H. McCornnck. The Senate rejected
the bill, and a motion to reconsider was made.
The qnestion is on the reconsideration.
Mr. EVANS. Tins is one of throe bills for the
renewal of patents for reaping machines, which
are very much disputed. The propriety of re-
newing the patents, I think, is very doubtful. I
prefer that these bills he over until some future
time.
Mr. YULEE. I think they were laid aside on ;
a former occasion. |
Mr. EVANS. I move to postpone, until to- i
morrow, the further consideration of this bill and |
the two succeeding one** of the same character, j
The motion was agreed to. i
RICHARD W. MEADE. j
The bill (S. No. 306) for the relief of Richard
W. Meade was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. Its object ■
is to provide for the payment to R. W. Meade, !
late a lieutenant m the United States Navy, the
sum of ^566 20, being the amount of expenses '
incuned by him and his cleik for subsistence, '
while under orders of the Navy Department, and
detained on shore at San Francisco, from the 15th
of July to the 30th of September, 1849, deducting
the amount already received by them for com- 1
mutation of their rations during the same period. :
In April, 1849, the memorialist proceeded to ;
San Finncisco, by the overland route, under '
orders from the Navy Department, to take com- [
mand of the steamer Edith, then attached to the !
United Slates squadron upon the Pacific station, j
accompanied hv his clerk, who went out with j
him by authority of the Department, lie arrived i
150?
at San Francisco on the 15th of July, and re-
ported to Commander Long, the senior officer of
the squadron present, who declined to place him
in command of the steamer in consequence of the
absence of the commander-in-chief. Upon the
return of Commodore Jones, the memorialist
repeatedly applied to him to be put upon" the duty
for which he was sent out by the Department,
but his application was refused. He was conse-
quently detained on shore at a heavy expense
from the 15th July to the 30th September, 1849,
when he returned to the United States. He pre-
sented his accounts.and vouchersforthe expenses
necessarily incurred for the subsistence of him-
self and clerk during this period to the Fourth
Auditor for settlement, who considered the al-
lowance of the claim prohibited by the act of 3d
March, 1856, regulating the pay of the Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RESCUE OF THE STEAMER SOUTHERNER.
The bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the
steamer Major Tompkins, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be paid to Messrs. Scranton and
Huntthe sum of $9,600, m full satisfaction for the
services rendered, and for the risk, loss, and dam-
ages incurred in saving the United States mails !
and treasure, and in rescuing the passengers and \
crew which were on board the steamer South-
erner at the time of the wreck of that vessel on
the uninhabited coast of Washington Territory,
in the month of December, 1854; and for the
clothing and subsistence necessarily furnished to
the passengers and crcw.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report accom-
panying this bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
It appears, fiom the papeis m the cn-e« that the steam-
ship Southerner, having on boaid the United States mail,
sund.y pas-iun^ns, and *,6,300 in money belonging to the
pay departmeiit of the Aimy, left tho harbor of Han Pran-
ci;-eo, California, on die 20th of December, ]?34« for Foit
Vancouver, Washington Terntoiy. When twooajsout
the Southerner met a severe gale, by v. Inch the \va- dis-
abled, and, notwithstanding the rio^t vi^oions efforts to
make aliasbor, she was finally wrecked o'a the -27th of the
same month, being dnven upon the bcayh near the enhance
to Puget Sound. 'I he pa-^ensfi-, ("liTcjU'l'iig women and i
children,) with such ot the height as could be saved nom j
the wreck, wete landed upon the bi-ach, neaiiv one hnn- :
died and fifty mile.- limn anj white ^etilemeut. iiom winch 1
they weie ^epiuaied by ueaily impa> uhle mountains cov- j
eied with snow. }
In thu-situation, suuounded by I mhaiN ot doubf'iii fuend- !
ship, with piov: ion? l'<u only eleven day-, on hc.lt rations, j
in the mid>t of wmtci, and u nil no jiu'ans of cj-cape but a |
single small boat, (tor hity peison<.) il wa- deteimmed that j
Captain rianip'-nn, maj-rei of tne tfuurheii'Ci, with six men, I
should proceed to Fort Towns-end, <*: '• bundled and fiftv '
hides- distant, in snatch of ichef. Aitpr an lncex-anf toil !
of four day- and nights, they leached the Joit, and ripplyd ■
to Captain Pea-c, m conniMiid oi tl.c levcnue cuitei Jeff. I!
Davis, tor lehef. Caption Pea-e being unable to get to j
sea, m consequence of h' ad wind-, enttiui into an a<_ree- j
ment, subject to the approval of the Dcpattin^nt. wth the }
petitioner.-., owner and ma>tei of the ^teamei Ma;oi Ton.ip- J
kms, to tow the Jeff Davi.- to Foif Towns-end. a di-miee of ,
seventy live miles, foi 0, which s-ei \ .<*e was performed, t
The Jeff. Davt- now pto< coded fo the .venc o- in « wic k, j
but found it lmptauicabie to land oi t<> fake off the pa-^en- :
gers of the Soutnemei, and scanned to Foil Towns-end
without them It wa- now agiced, m con-uU.inon o: the
seveial United States officer al th.it p'.'ee. ihat the Majoi 'i
Tompkins should at onee pioeeed to the rebel of the sun '!
te reic. \\
This perilous undcitakms? wa-j tinal'v accomplished by j:
the Maior Tompkins, annd-t gieat difiieni?ie-> ant! dau-
geis. Having -nec-eded in taking on board toe p i-'-( iit''-
and ciew ot ibewieeked ves-et, nuv-three m numbe:. a:ui ,
the ti ensure belongmi to til'1 (Hoves nment, and a'V«i en- ,\
counteiing a s^vere'gale, Mie landed them sandy at Oivui- J
pia, on the 19th of Januaiv, bavner bee! en^ag"d m this
latrei service fifteen day-, a-id damage to In rina- j!
e'11'!<my letpin oil* tiurtr en d i; - to k-p in ; j
Thc*'0 facts aie -u-tamed by ihe statement"; of Major /
A!void, payi.iii^tcr Caned States Ai n<y. and by R. "Ui'JViren, ' |
E-q., a pa.-sonyer on the ^oath'-iii'V. and bv an e. .na"t I
fiom the j-j.una! oj te° Cnifd State-, i' venue entt-'i Jeff. ,
Davi-!, e<uuiiAd to bv the A--a-nnt Secietau of the Tiea-
urv; and t'.icir cuviibihtv i> ceintied bv lien. J- P. An- -
deison. Delcratc from Wa-hiieiloii Teuitoij, and by lion.
Jo-eph Lane, i^vdegue liom Oie'j'm Teiiuory. i
The peUfione;.- fuillier lepje-;eut. that •• in eGn-eijucnce !,
of the seventy of the '•torm, (to whieli tb'n- e.\po<"d ,
in the peifoiinanco ol this sennce.) and wlneh continued !l
\Mtli mcrea-td fury on tne night of the ie-cue, they wore
undei the n ,("o^it\ of (arrjm-* so h:_fh a pio-u-c of steam l!
a« iniit* nally to injure the steamei's bosleis, and to sueh a)i j j
extent as to be capable of only temporiuy lepairs; and that \]
the vessel was lost, in ii similar gale, on her next voyage,
chiefly or wholly in. consequence of those i/ijuries."
The committee are satisfied that it is a meritorious case,
and one in which the valuable services rendered should be-
recogmzed and remunerated by the Government. These
views are in accordance with the action of Congress in other
and similar cases. The following are referred to, as show-
ing the principles heretotore recognized :
In 1S48, the American ship Caleb Grimshaw, tooic fire
at sea and threw out signals of distress. The British bark
Sarah discovered the signals and proceeded, at considerable
perj), to rescue the passengers and crew of the Grimshaw,
and took them to Fayal, and subsisted them at considerable
expense.
By this detention of the Sarah her insurance was lost,
and she suffered damage by a gale, and lost the advantage
ol a return voyage with freight.
The committee say, " an act of such marked humanity
ought not to be left to involve the owner of the baric in any
loss." They accordingly reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to audit and pay the moneys
actually expended, and the losses actually sustained.—(32d
Congress, 1st session, No. 132.)
In 1831, two Ameiican vessels were wrecked on one of
the Fejce Islands. This fact having been communicated
to the master ot the American ship Peru, recently arrived
on a trading voyage m those seas, he immediately directed
his efforts to the rescue of his countrymen fiom their peril-
ous condition, and succeeded in getting on board of his
vessel to the number of twenty-six. The Pern not being
piovided with supplies for tbis additional number of per-
sons, was under the necessity of abandoning her trading
expedition and returning to Manilla.
Tne committee ?ay, " as the rescue and subsistences (of
these wrecked officers and seamen) seem to have been the
cause of breaking up the voyage," '-the committee think
they should be fuliy remunerated." (Senate Doc.,Twenty-
Third Congress, fiist session, No. 196.)
An act passed, in confoimity with this report, for the
payment ot $3,240. (6 Statutes at Large, 595.)
The petitioners in tins case claim for—
51 days' use of stcamei, at £400 per day $6,000 00
13 days'time lo>t in repaiung  2,314 00
Provisions and other necessary aitides furnished
the passengers .*  1,734 00
Wood and coal  1.3d0 00
Wages paul officers and crew  1,214 00
Salvage on $6,500, at 40 per cent      2,600 00
Towing revenue cutter Jefferson Davis, per agree-
ment  600 08
$15,842 00
The lion. Me?«rs. Anderson and Lane, the Delegates
i from the Teintone< of Washington and Oiegon, f-tate that
| they regaid thi-s account, alter deducting the'item for salv-
age, to be reasonable and just, and &uch as m ur-ual m that
country for similar seivice*. The committee, however, are
not satis-fied s#iat some of the charges arc not excessive.
They have, therefore, adopted an amount for allowance to
the (uvnei.^ of the steamer, which, upon consideration, they
believed would be a ju-t, and at the same time sufficiently
lihetal, compensation foi the seivice i«;ndeied and damage**
and expenditure inclined by them, and accordingly lenort
a bill authorizing the sum of $9,600 to be paid to them.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this in-
volves a new principle. I do not know of any
instance before in which wc luive undertaken to
reward individuals who have relieved wrecks on
our own coast. I do not know where we shall
end if we commence paying- out of the United
States Treasury for the services of those who re-
lieve the shipwrecked persons on our own coast.
If I understand the bill and report, that is the
principle involved.
Mr. WELLER. A part of the bill, I believe,
embraces $600 covered by a contract made be-
tween the owners of the 'Major Tompkins and
the captain of the revenue cutter Jeff. Davis.
It seems that the revenue cutter was anxious to
go to the relief of thr-se persons after they had
been wrecked on the Southerner, but she was
unable to get down the Sound. She employed
the Major Tompkins to tow her out at a fixed
compensation of $(300. That is a part of the sum
which has been allowed by the committee in this
case. She proceeded to the relief of the wrecker
vessel, but could not get near enough to take th<
passengers off. It was then, at the suggestion of'
the captain of theie\enue cutter, th.u the captai..
of the Major Tompkins pioceeded to the rch<-'
of these men. In other words, the owners
this V'S i>-\ extended that relief which the captain
of the revenue cutter could not extend, hecauv-
of the violuice of the storm then raging on th.u
coost.
It also appears that, whilst this vessel was e i-
sraged tn the "performance of this act of generosity,
in saving thn lives of these pas:engcis, her ma-
chinei y was so injured that in the very next gale
she was lost, mainly, as the v ur.is^cs testify, i >
conscouence of the injuries which she, had re
Ceivod m going to tin* lehef of the Southerner.
Xow, I apprehend that whenever a case of th -
character is presented to Congress—one havin
as strong claims upon the liberality of Congress,
they will not fail to extend relief to cover the
