1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
788
hands of the President at his request for an object
that is specified in his communication. Probably
it is a bad precedent. If the President, however,
chooses to take the responsibility of collecting
the Indians upon reservations and feeding them,
give him the money to do so. So far as I am con-
cerned, I have no hesitation in saying, especially
as gentlemen suggest haste, that instead of throw-
ing obstacles in the way of the passage of the bill,
I am ready to report it to the House, and at once
pass it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise, and report the bill to the
House. •
The CHAIRMAN. The question had better
be taken first on the amendments of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill. **•
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
that motion is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Maine will allow this bill to be taken
out of the committee, and then we can take a vote
upon it in the House to-morrow morning.
Mr. MORGAN. "We want to discuss it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burn's motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. Leaving out of view the oc-
casion and necessity for this bill, I dislike exceed-
ing to vote, and I think I cannot be induced to
vote for it, in its present indefinite form. Here
is a general appropriation of §300,000; and from
anything apparent in the" documents communi-
cated to this House, from anything which is stated
to us by gentlemen upon the Committee of Ways
and Means, I can see no reason why $100,000
would not be equally efficient. There are no
data given, no reasons showing why $300,000 is
adequate, and why it is not more than adequate;
nor is there anything upon which you can predi-
cate an approximation as to the amount which
will be required.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would call the gentle-
man's attention to a communication made by Mr.
Manypenny, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on
the 4th of March, 1856.
Mr. STANTON. I am aware that Mr. Many-
penny says he would like to have $300,000, but
he does not say that $100,000 would not do as
well, or why he does nAneed half a million.
There is no statement ofthe specific objects any
definite sum is to be applied to. Now, sir, I am
for one, on general principles, opposed to con-
ferring this large discretion upon the President,
in the application of the public moneys, and to
appropriating large sums i  such a loose and in-
definite form that they may be used for peace or
war, as the Executive may prefer. Here is an '
appropriation of $300,000 asked for, for the pur-
pose of '• restoring and maintaining the peaceable
disposition of the Indian tribes on the Pacific."
Nov/, whether you will maintain this peaceable
disposition by flogging or by bribery is a ques-
tion left entirely to the discretion of the Execu-
tive. The President, therefore, under this bill,
may levy troops and purchase munitions of war,
or he may negotiate treaties of peace, and he may
maintain a peaceable disposition in any way he
may think proper, whether peaceable or hostile.
3\"lr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Ohio
allow me to make a suggestion at this point?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. This is not a new proposi-
tion, as he will see if he will look back a year or
two. This law is identically the same as what
was done in California for the purpose of bring-
ing about and " restoring "—in the language of
that recommendation—peace among the savages,
or maintaining it. It was an indefinite appropri-
ation.
Allow me to say this much further. He says,
why do we not take $100,000 or take $100,000,000, j
and' that there is no more reason to show that;
§100,000 would not be sufficient, than there is to i
show that $300,000 is necessary. Now, sir, if 1
you are not to take the recommendation of those 1
who are directly connected with this matter, as .
the best guides to ascertain the amount which is 1
necessary, how will you reach that result ? Here [
is the Commissioner of Indian Affairs charged !
with the acquisition of this knowledge, who 1
furnishes the knowledge as the groundwork, and
an estimate is sent into this House, and he says
$300,000 will be required. Perhaps all of it may
not be required, and $100,000 may be all that will
be necessary. But does not the gentleman know
that, if the whole amount is not necessary, it can-
not be drawn from the Treasury, and cannot be
applied, and that the balance will be left in the
Treasury.
Mr. STANTON. The. statement made by the
gentleman from Virginia furnishes me with an
additional argument against voting for this bill.
He tells us that a similar appropriation, in similar
terms, was made in relation to California some
years ago. Now, the very objection which 1 have
to this is, that you are making an additional pre-
cedent for this kind of loose and irregular legis-
lation. Because a former Congress made an in-
definite appropriation, and in language as loose as
language can be, it is now argued that you shall
follow a bad precedent, and make a similar
appropriation for a similar purpose. It is by the
repetition of precedents that a practice grows up;
and if the President choose to abuse the discre-
tion jested in him, does not every man see what
facilities and temptations are held out for abuses.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In all appropri-
ations we have to be guided to a very great ex-
tent by the general estimates of the Department.
My colleague has oftentimes voted for §100,000
for the improvement of the Ohio river. How
does he know that it will be necessary to spend
that whole amount? It may have been unneces-
sary to expend more than $20,000; and yet he
voted for it, and he will vote for a hundred items
upon the same principle of which he is now com-
plaining. It is out of any man's power to say
how many bushels of corn meal it may be neces-
sary to give out to the Indians upon the Pacific—
just as impossible as, in voting $200,000 for the
construction of a custom-house, to tell how many
kegs of nails will be necessary. We are bound,
if we pass appropriation bills at all, to repose some
sort of confidence in the executive department.
The gentleman cannot go to the custom-house at
Cincinnati, and ascertain how many yards of
plastering there are there, or how many hundred
thousand bricks are necessary, or how many
thousand feet of flooring. JNTot at all. He is
guided by the executive departments; and if they
are corrupt, let him take the necessary means to
ferret out the corruption, and expose it. I will
go with the gentleman when the proper time
comes to ascertain if there is something radically
wrong, as perhaps there may be, in the causes
which have led to this war; but I do not hesitate
now, when the war exists, to vote an appropri-
ation upon the recommendation of the executive
department.
Mr. STANTON. I am aware that the war is
upon us; and lam also aware that the official
documents before us say—or a portion of them—
that it is a war of extermination, and an unpro-
voked war of extermination waged by the Gov-
ernor of Washington Territory against the Indians
of that Territory.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let us, at the proper time,
investigate the matter, and bring the subject be-
fore the House; but this is not the proper occa-
sion.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I would not
aid in—I would not appropriate one dollar for—
an offensive war against the Indians. I will vote
whatever sum is necessary for the defense and
protection of the settlements; and I want a little
time to see whether this is an offensive or defens-
ive war which is upon us.
Mr. Chairman, i accept the test suggested by
my colleague. I have voted for an appropriation
of $100,OGO to improve the navigation of the Ohio
river above the falls. I never did so, however,
save on the estimates from the War Department,
based upon official surveys, stating that this sum—
and most generally a good deal larger one—was
necessary for that "purpose. The estimates were
based upon actual experimental surveys—so much
for boats, so much for removing snags, and so
on.
So, Mr. Chairman, when I hove been called
upon to vote for a custom-house at Cincinnati, I
am informed by the proper Department that that
Department has made an examination; that they
have examined the site; that they have adopred
the plan of a building for it, and upon that have
erected then* estimate of expenses—the number
of yards of plastering, the number of feet of stone,
and everything else required for it; and on that
they pile up the round sum which they require
to build the custom-house at Cincinnati. Now,
I want something of this sort here. I have not
got it. I find no fault with the Committee of
Ways and Means. They could have done noth-
ing better than they have done.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Pertinent to my colleague's
argument, let me tell him he has oftentimes voted
appropriations predicated on estimates from the
Departments for a greater amount than is neces-
sary when they come to carry out the object of
the appropriation, and part of the very money
which my colleague has voted on estimates has,
under the law, reverted to the surplus fund, just
precisely as it will do in this case, if the $300^000
now recommended shall be a greater sum than is
necessary to restore peace among the Indians on
the Pacific. All that is not needed will revert to
the surplus fund.
Mr. STANTON. The legitimate tendency of
all this argument is, that it is entirely safe to open
this Treasury of the United States to the Execu-
tive, and that he will spend the money properly.
I do not recognize any such logic. I am not
aware whether I have ever voted for appropria-
tions previously made or not, I may have done
so, or 1 may not have done so. I have voted for
an appropriation to improve the navigation of
the Ohio and other places, but not more than was
thought necessary.
Mr. LET^j^EER. Will my friend let me sug-
gest a point where he did some very bad voting
oft one occasion ?
MPPSTANTOfr. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. I think my friend voted an
appropriation to build the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati the first session he came here.
Mr. STANTON. I do not recollect; very
likely.
Mr. LETCHER. And I think that the second
session you voted an additional appropriation.
You were not here at the two succeeding ses-
sions, or I doubt not you would .have voted for
the appropriations then, too.
Mr. SI ANTON. There was not any sur-
plus, was there?
Mr. LETCHER. No; there was always a
deficiency.
Mr. STANTON. Now, Mr. Chairman, this
is my objection to voting for this bill. It is estab-
lishing a precedent which, it seems to me, will
ultimately result in placing the Treasury of the
nation at the discretion of the Executive. It doc3
seem to me, sir, that this appropriation is exceed-
ingly loose and vague in its terms. It will author-
ize the President to levy troops, to furnish arms
and munitions of war, and to carry on war; or it
will authorize him to negotiate a treaty of peace,
or it will authorize him to send supplies to the
friendly I-ndians, or whatever else, in the whole
range of executive discretion, may be deemed
proper by the President himself. It is entirely
too loose for a Government which professes to
have discretion controlled by power—for a Gov-
ernment which professes to place the custody of
the public money in the hands of Congress, and
which provides that it shall not be drawn from
the Treasury unless in pursuance of an appro-
priation made by law. Now, what is this appro-
priation for > Forwar? Gentlemen cannotanswcr.
Foratreaty of peace^L Gentlemen cannot answer,
i To support these fiv?thousand friendly Indians? -
' Gentlemen cannot answer. It is for all of these
purposes, it is for either of them, or it is for none
of them—if the President can restore and main-
tain friendly relations in any other mode.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. STANTON. Yes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe you voted for the
Military Academy bill? ^
Mr. STANTON. This year's bill ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes.
Mr. STANTON. I was not here when the
bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I presume you
would have voted for it if you had been here?
Mr. STANTON. I presume so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to know
whether my colleague can tell me what it would
cost to purchase a public clock?
