THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JTHE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Sess
THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1856.
New Series No. £0.
others; which was read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the petition and papers of
Peter Grover, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a sccond reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOKES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the petition of
Jessie Barker, the memorial of Thomas Coward,
the petition of Lucy Bingham, the petition of
Catharine Warner, the petition of Jane Stan-
brough, the petition of John Lamothe, the peti-
tion of Lyman Treat, and the petition of Martha
Morris, submitted an adverse report in each of
these cases; which were ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Albert Hart, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill increasing the pen-
sion of Albert Hart; which was read the first
time, and ordered to a sccond reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to wh om were
referred the documents in relation to the claim
of Lfo^D. Harris, submitted a report, accom-
paniecroy a bill for the relief of Levi C. Harris;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of Betsey Whipple, submitted a bill for her relief;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the petition of Joshua Mercer, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill restoring
Joshua Mercer to the roll of invalid pensioners;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Alphcus T. Palmer, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill to increase
the pension of Alpheus T. Palmer, late a lieuten-
ant m the ninth regiment of United States infantry;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Ho also,from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Samaei B. Porter, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill granting a
pension to Samuel B. Porter, a soldierm the Inte
war with Great Britain; which was read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred additional papers in the case of
Enoch S. More, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, ail adverse report having
already been made m the case. The motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Catharine M. E. McKnight, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was i
read the first time and ordered to a second read-
ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of the Board of Trustees of the Public
Schools of the city of Washington, reported a
bill for the .benefit of public schools in the city of
Washington; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading. He also submitted
a report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a bill making provision to
compensate agents for paying pensions, and pre-
scribing the time and manner of settling their ac-
counts, have directed me to report it back without
50
amendment. As this is a general bill, which is
much needed,and has been submitted to, and ap-
proved by the proper Department, I will ask the
Senate to allow me to have it made a special order
for Thursday of next week, at twelve and a
o'clock. #
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to fix the
graduation periods for lands in the Greensburg
district, in the State of Louisiana; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Wilkes's expedition.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire the indulgence of
the Senate for a few minutes, to enable me to make
a brief explanation. Some days ago, while the
Senate was engaged in the discussion of the sub-
ject of printing books, I heard that the cost of
printing the work of Captain Wilkes amounted
to a very extravagant sum. The Clerk, at my
request, sent for the Superintendent of Printing,
that I might obtain from him accurate knowledge
on the subject. The superintendent came to me
at my desk, and here, to mc, in the presence of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who
heard the conversation, on my inquiring what
was the amount of the cost of printing the books
of Captain Wilkes, he informed me that it was
nearly a million and a quarter of dollars. I was
shocked and astonished at the information. I
repeated the question once, if not twice, whether
this was the cost of printing the book and en-
gravings for that work, and he replied, Yes. This
was, as X have said, most astounding intelligence
to me. At the same time I was told by Mr. Sea-
man that the cost of printing the book about
Commodore Perry's Japan expedition will be
$200,000. I thought it my duty to rise in my
seat and state the facts to the Senate; and I did
it, at the same tune carefully informing the Senate
that I derived my information from the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, that " moment com-
municated to me in the Senate Chamber." I
made this statement in his presence, and while
he still lingered in this room. Sincc that time I
have had good reason to believe that very great
injustice was done to Captain Wilkes by that
statement. I have seen him since that period. I
have inquired of him what was the cost of that
work, and he has given me a statement which I
,ho!d in my hand. It shows that the whole cost
of printing this book will amount, when it is
completed, to the sum of 5148,405 11. Now, sir,
I desire that justice may be done to the gentle-
man, who maybe seiiously injured, perhaps, by
the statement which went abroad, emanating
from me, on the authority of the Superintendent
of Public Printing. I am always anxious, sir,
promptly to repair any wrong done, when I am
m any way instrumental, however innocently, in
doing it. In justice to Captain Wilkes, let me
call attention to the facts stated in the paper
which has been furnished to me by himself; and
I desire that this statement, which is a correc-
tion of the mistake of the superintendent, may
go forth to the world in the papers, whatever
they may be, which have published the original
unfounded and erroneous statement:
W* sttivrto v, D. O.j March 1855.
Statement of expenditures Jor the punting and enslaving
of tlie work ot the Exploring Expedition, under the act oi'
Congress-, August 2o, 181-2, to Januaiy 31, 1855.
For hi^toueal and natural histoiy engraving
of ail kinds  $75.78o Go
For ehait engraving  2J5Giy 44
For leucr-prt.-s pruning, plate
printing, book and cliait paper,
coloring and binding  31,8*7 01
Total expenditure to January 31,
  128,283 11
Expended since January 31, 1«53, 4,1*33 00
Itequued to fim-ii   16,000 00
Eighteen (18) volumes of quarto text have
been completed, together with eleven (11) vol-
umes of tolio atlases, in all uventy-nme vol-
umes.
.<(148,405 11
There remains to be completed five (5) vol-
umes of text, and two (8) volumes atlases,
making in all twenty-three (23) volumes of
text and thirteen (13) volumes of atlases; total
thirty-six volumes. Nearly the whole of the
woik in progress is nearly finished.
Only one hundred (100) copies of the work
were authorized by the law of 1842, and noth-
ing has been published but what is new.
For the expenditure of the whole expedition,
and its absence of four (4) yeais, including
pay of officers, men, repairs of vessels, &c.,
&c  928,183 00
Pay of scientific corps since the
return of the expedition  112,289 07
Expenditurefor paten t office.green
house &c '.  79,276 31
Contingent expense?, including
rent, stationery, &e  12,027 17
 203,792 55
Total cost of everything since the organization
of the expedition $1,280,380 66
Captain Wilkes has received but his shore-duty pay aa
an officer of the Navv.
Refer to Senate Document 405, June 25,1846—Report of
the Joint Committee ©f the Library of both Houses.
Now, sir, having thus done justice, as I hope,
to that gentleman, I thank the Senate for its in-
dulgence, and have done.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. J. M. Barclay, one of their clerks, an-
nounced that they had passed a joint resolution
relating to the public land appertaining to the
Springfield and Harper's Ferry armories, and the
North Carolina arsenal.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Iverson on the
29th of February:
Resolved, Thatacommitteeof Senators be appointed
by the Chair, with power to send for persons and papers ;
and that said committee be and are hereby authorized and
instructed to summon before it the members of the late
Naval Retiring Board," or such of them as may be con-
veniently brought befoie the committee, and examine them
upon oath as to the facts and evidence, grounds aixl reasons,
u|ion which the action of said board was founded in each
case of the officers recommended to be put upon the retired
list, or dropped from the service ; and that said committee
be further instructed to inquire and obtain any other facts
which in their opinion may bear upon the cases aforesaid,
and report the same to the Senate.
And be it further resolved, That said committee be au-
thorized and instiuctocl to advise and consult with the Pres-
ident of the United States, in relation to the cases of said
retired and dropped officers, with the view of correcting
any error or injustice which may have been committed by
the action of said retiring board, by the reappointment, or
restoration by the Piesulent, of such officers as may have
boon unjustly Oi improperly retired or dropped.
On this subject an animated and interesting
discussion ensued, which last until five o'clock
p. m.
Mr. IVERSON addressed the Senate at length
in relation to the injustice which, it seemed to be
admitted on all hands, had been done in many
instances to the dioppod and disrated officers by
the Navy board. I-fe never could be brought to
believe that so many of the officers of the navy
were physically and morally incapable of per-
forming their duties. The people of this coun-
try had always been led to btliove that the officers
of our Navy were inferior to none in the world in
_ all elements that constituted fitness for their sta-
tions, many of whom were in the employment of
the Governmental tho very moment when they
were disrated as worthless drones. He asked
how it was that such men could have been em-
ployed by distinguished heads of the Navy De-
partment? If the judgment of the naval board
was correct, then the present able and efficient
i Secretary of the Navy, as well as preceding Sec-
, retaries,\vere guilty of gross violation of their
! several duties. But he chose rather to suppose
: the board at fault, stating thai it had neither time
' nor means for a proper investigation of all the
| cases under the law, and that, with the best in-
tentions to do right, they could not under the cir-
cumstances have done otherwise than wrong.
Mr. SLIDELL spoke at length, opposing the
resolutions, and gave his views in detail in rela-
tion to the law under which the board was organ-
