1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
llouse of the papers in the case ofThomas J.
Churchill, in order to have them referred to the
Senate.
On like motion of Sir. LETCHER, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House, of the papers in the case of Hezekiah
Miller.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS AGAIN.
Mr. GROW addressed the House for an hour
upon the bill for the admission of Kansas, His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to correct a state-
ment made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I understood him to say that there are no gen-
tlemen here who are not now prepared to admit
Kansas as a State into the Union without regard
to her number of inhabitants.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman misunderstood
me. What I said, or intended to say, was, that
every proposition to admit Kansas, introduced
either into this House, or into the other wing of
the Capitol, proposed to admit the State without
regard to its population. They all abandon that
point.
Mr. McMULLIN. I take occasion to say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and to the
House, that there are gentlemen here, if I am cor-
rectly informed, who will not vote to admit Kan-
sas, or any other Territory, as a State, until the
census shows that they possess the requisite <
number of inhabitants to entitle them to a Repre-
sentative in this House. I am one who will not
vote for any such proposition; and 1 understand
that several of my colleagues, and others in this
House, will vote for no such proposition.
Now, sir, I desire to give the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and those who vote with him, my
views with leference to the action of this House
upon the bill now before us. If you refer this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I, for one, shall resort to no factious
opposition for the purpose of defeating the will
of this House. If there is a majority here in
favor of referring this bill to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, let it go there
and be fully investigated. Let us have an oppor-
tunity to examine the majority and minority
reports of the committee of investigation which
you have sent out to Kansas. I believe it is due
to the country that we should have those reports
before us when taking definite action upon this
bill.
Then, sir, T beg to tell the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and the other side of the House,
thatafter this bill shall have been fairly examined
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I will go with them to get it out of com-
mittee; and so tar as I concerned, and I believe so
far as this side of the House is concerned, theie
will be 3io factious opposition to the will of the
majority. That, it seems to me, is the proper
course to pursue.
J concur fully in the opinion expressed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven'.] the
other day, that the House should not act upon
this subject until the report of the majority and
minority of the investigating committee has been
made. Letthose reports be printed, give ug, time
to consider them, and we shall be able to vote
understandingly upon the subject.
Air. GROW". i will say that, if there is a gen-
tleman m this House who wants information
with reference to the state of things in Kansas,
before he casts his vote upon this bill, Barnum
ought to have him as a specimen of a fossil, for
he is the only man in the country who does not
understand it. The whole country understands
that wrongs have been committed in Kansas—
wrongs which demand redress at our hands.
Mr. KENNETT. If such is the fact, I ask
the gentleman of what possible use it was for the
House to send a committee to Xvansas to make
any investigation? j
Mr. GROW. The committee was sent there -
to enable the House to decide the contested elec- i
tion for the seat of the Delegate from that Terri- :
tory. To determine whether the sitting Delegate j
was entitled to his seat, n was necessary to in- j
quire into the validity of the territorial legisla- !
tion in Kansas under which his election took j
place, for upon that election rests the claim of the j
contestant to his seat. That committee was also ;
empowered to inquire into any other irregularities
in the Territory. But for ail purposes affcctmgthe
admission of Kansas as a State, I care not what
the validity of that legislation is. It is immaterial.
The simple question is, whether you are ready to
admit Kansas as a State, and relieve her people
from the oppressions and wrongs which have
been imposed upon them ?
I have only one word to say in regard to re-
ferring this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I have merely to say
to the friends of the bill, that, if it is sent to the
Committee of the Whole, it will be equivalent to
a defeat of the bill.
Mr. TR1PPE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question, and I do it for in-
formation, for I must confess that I am to some
extent ignorant of the facts connected with the
formation of this State constitution? The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Haven] just now
propounded the question to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, how many votes were cast by the
people of the Territory of Kansas for the ratifica-
tion of this Topeka constitution. Now, sir, I
desire to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether he has any authentic information that
any votes were cast upon that occasion ?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman need not have
taken up my time in asking that question. I
stated, in reply to the inquiry of the gentleman
from New York, that the committee did notthink
it of any consequence to inquire into that sub-
ject, for the reason that the facts show the exist-
ence of such a state of things that no fair vote
could have been taken. I gave to the gentleman
from New York the vote polled at the election
immediately preceding the formation of the con-
stitution. He knows as well as any man, that
the only question in Kansas on which the people
arc divided is, whether slavery shall exist there
or not? That question was involved in the elec-
tion of a Delegate. He knows, too, that that is
the only question to be settled.
And I wish to say here, in answer to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens.] on Saturday, that these troubles are
brought upon the country and upon Kansas by
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, and on
the heads of its repealers rest the blood shed in
Kansas, and the wrongs and the outrages which
have been heaped upon it. The repeal was for
the purpose of making Kansas a slave State. It
was a conspiracy from the start,"and it has been
carried out with violence and brute force. The
wrongs of Kansas date- from the day that the
Missouri compromise was repealed; for without
that repeal slavery could never have gone there.
There would have been no effort to force it into
theTerritory. Then on their heads rest all these
troubles, and the responsibility for all this anar-
chy and confusion in the Territory.
I3ut the gentleman says that the country is at
peace, and is prosperous and happy. I tell the
gentleman that the agitation in the country is not
a matter based upon dollars and cents. It is
founded upon principle—a principle underlying
the foundation of our Government—a principle
which enters into the spirit and genius of our
Republic. And I ask the politicians, if this agi-
tation is not the result of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, how it happens that but nine
of those from the North who voted for that repeal
were returned to this Hous-\ while some forty
who voted against it ore in this House to-day?
How happens it that every election for Senator
in the North, with one exception, has resulted
in the, election of an opponent to that repeal?
Does he believe that there has been no change m
the popular sentiment? Does he believe that
they remain quiet and happy, satisfied with the
existing condition of affairs?
Mr. WAKEMAN. I would ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, if there are any remon-
strances against granting the application for the
admission of Kansas^ into the Union?
Mr. GROW. We have had no remonstrances
against its admission, but very many m favor of it.
"The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired. The previous question having been
ordered, further debate is out of order.
The Clnur will state the questions before the
House. The first motion is, that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the -state
of the Union. If that be negatived, then the ques-
| tion will recur on the motion that the bill be
| recommitted to the Committee on Territories.
. Pending the motion to refer to the Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union, the gentle-
| man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] moves that
| the bill be referred, with instructions to the com-
i mittee to strike out and insert, which instructions
i the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] moves
| to amend by adding an additional section to the
matter proposed to oe inserted.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to see whether we cannot,
consistently with our present position, change
the present order of the propositions before the
House. If I withdraw the motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, will not the only motion before the House
then be the motion to recommit to the Commit-
tee on Territories?
Mr. JONES, o^Tennessee. You cannot with-
draw your motion after the main question is
ordered.
The SPEAKER. Except by general consent.
Mr. DUNN. If that be done, cannot we then,
! by general consent, take votes directly on the
j propositions which have been submitted in the
1 nature of instructions ?
The SPEAKER. If the House gives its unan-
imous consent to consider the propositions, sub-
mitted as instructions, as amendments, that coursc
can be pursued; otherwise not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.
The first question being on the motion of Mr.
Dunn to add an additional section to the instruc-
tions offered by Mr. Stephens, it was reported
by the Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 18. J$nd be it further cn aeted, That so much of the
fouiteenth seeuon and of the thirty-second section of the
act passed at the first session of the Thirty-Tluid Congress,
commonly called the Kansas and Nebraska act, as reads as
follows: '* Except the eighth section of the act preparatory
to the admission of.Mis-ouri into the Union, approved MaicU
6, 1S20, which, being inconsistent with the principle ofnon-
nitervenuon by Congi ess with slavery ni the States and Ter-
moues, as recognized by the legislation of 1850, commonly
called the compromise measuies, is beieby declared inop-
erative and void; n being the true intent and nieam n« of this
act not to legislate dlavesy mto any State or Territory, or to
exclude it tiiere/iom. but to leave the people theieof perfectly
free to form and regulate their domes-tie nistitution-o in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution or'the United
States: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
coiiftuied to levive or put in loice any law or regulation
winch may have existed prior to the aetof6th Maich, 1820,
either protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
slavery/' he, and the fcame is hereby, repealed, provided
th.u any person or persons lawfully held to service within
eitlvr o'frlieTerrituu'eMtamed in sa.daet ?hall be di^chai^ed
fiom such -eivice, if they -hall not be removed and kept
out of said Territories within twelve months trom the pas-
sage of tins act.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that amendment.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 10&; as follows:
YEAS—Mei.<rs. Albright. Allison, Ball, Barbour, XTenry
Bennett, Ben-on, Biilmghur-t, B.ngham, Bi.-hop, Bhf.s,
Brad^haw, I?ronton, Bioom, ftufrinton, Burling mie, Jame*
11. Campbell, Le\vi-> D. Campbell, I5ay;uri Cfaike. Ezra
Clark, Chnv-on. Colfax, Coming, Co\ode, Cragm, Cum-
back, Damroll, Timothy Davn, Bean, Do Witt, Dicic, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dunn, Dunce, Edie, EdwnuK Ihruie, Flagler,
Oaliowny, Guiding?, Gilbeit, <jr.m ei, Grow. Robert 13.
Hail, {Lilian, liaru-on, Haven. Hollow ay. Thomas R. Hor~
tou, Valentine 15. Horton, Jiowaid, Hu«h- ton, Kel-ev,
King, Ki.ajip, Knight, Krovvlton, Knox. Kunkel, Leiter,
MueGj Maneson, McCam, Meacham, Kilhnn Miller. Mdl-
waid. Moore, Morgan, Mornil, Man ay, Atidiew Oliver,
Parker, Peatoe, Pelton, Pennington, Pern, Pettit, Pike,
Pnn^Ie, Pmviance, Robbing i>oh,'it , Robi-on, Sabm,
Sage, rt'ipp, Scott, Shennan, Pimmon--, Stamon. tftian-
ahan, Ta.'paiu Thoiington.' Thur-ton, Todd, TivJton,
Wade, Wakeiuan, Waibudgo, Waklio.i. Cadwalader C.
Wa-hbui nrt,"Rllihu .ft. Wa^hburne, i-rae! Wa hhum, Wat-
son, Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woochutr, and Woodwoith
—i'j'J,
NAYS—Me?-rs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Bailwiale, Bell,
flentfiev S. Bei\nCii, Bococfc, Bowie, Boyee, Branch,
Biook--, Burnett, Cadwaiader, John P. Campbell, Caihle,
CaiUtlK'i>. Ca^kio, Cniigman, Howell Cobb. Wilbani^on
R. W. Cohb. Cox. Craige. Oaw'oul, DavuKon, Day, Don-
x er, Dowdell, Edmund^on, Elliott. E.iglnh. Eu-ti.«. Faulk-
ne:, Florence, Fo-ter, Thoma< J. D. Fuiiei, Good**, Green-
wood, Augusta- Hall. J Mom-on Dm-ii-, Sampson W.
11/irti.s, Ihekman, Hotlman. Houston, Jewel?, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones/ Keitt, Kelly. KmniMt, Kid-
well, Lake. Lekhei. Lmnpkm, Alexander K. Marshall,
Hum phrev Mi'i shall, Maxwell, ? IoMulhn, McQueen. Sim th
Milloi, Million, Xiohi.l-, Moideeai (diver. Orr, Packer,
Paine, Peck, Phelp*. Pinter, Powe'l, Puiyeor, Clubman,
Ueady. Ilicar 1. Riehard-'^u, Rivers.Rttfii'i.RiM, Sandidge,
Spxago, Reward. Shorter. Samuel A. fr'mjth^ViJhaiii tHrnuft,
VwIUam il. Smith, Sneed. Spinner. Stephen*-, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott.Ta\ Uu. Trippe. Underwood,Vylk, Walker,
Warner, Watkin^,'Wheeler. Williams, Dame! B. "Wright,
Join V.' Wn-ht, and ZolhcafFer—102.
So the amendment was agreed to.
