54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Liaws of the United States.
and one and one thousand eight hundred and
two: Provided, The per diem allowance shall not
exceed that paid to General Wilkinson, nor be
less than that of the Secretary to the Commission
for their extra services while they were engaged
m the same service.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 83.—An Act for the relief of John Tucker.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Repre-
, senlatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War cause to bo
paid to John Tucker, of Florida, the amount to
which he would have been entitled under the act
entitled "An act providing payment for certain
military services in Florida," approved March
third, one thousand eight hundred and forty-live,
had his name appeared upon the roll us a private
in Major Isaac Garrason's command.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 84.—An Act for the relief of James David-
son, of Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in lieu of the pension now paid
to James Davidson, of Kentucky, the Secretary
of the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to said James Davidson
twenty dollars per month from the day his pres-
ent pension commenced, for and during his natu-
ral life.
Approved, August 18,1856.
No. 85.—An Act for the relief of Isaac Cook and
others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Isaac Cook,
B. A. Napier, and Pelatiah Sbepard, or the legal
representatives of such of them as may be de-
ceased, the sum of two hundred dollars, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, in full for the use of the schooner Tem-
pest, belonging to them and impressed by Major
J. G. Camp, m the month of September, Anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fourteen.
Approved, August 18,1856.
No. 8G.—An Act for the relief of Franck Taylor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
outofany moneys in tho Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Franck Taylor, of the city of
Washington, the amounts of duties paid by or for
him to the collectors of the ports of New York
and Philadelphia, upon importations of quills, by
or for him during the years eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and eigl) teen hundred and fifty-five: Provided, Said
quills shall have been imported and delivered at
the navy-yard of the United States, in Washing-
ton city, in pursuance of any contract with, or
orders from, the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydro-
graphy of tho United States.
Approved, August 18,185G.
No. 87.—An Act for the relief of the Representa-
tives and Sureties of Robert King, deceased.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the district attorney of the United
States for the district of East Tennessee be author-
ized, and he is hereby directed, to dismiss the
suit by him instituted in favor of the United
States, on the official bond of the late Robert
King, former pension agent at Knoxville, Ten-
nessee; and that the claim of the United States
founded upon said bond, and sought to be enforced
in said suit, be, and the same is hereby, released
and discharged: Provided, however, That the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury shall first adjust
the accounts of Robert King as pension agent,
allowing to the defendants for him two per cent,
on the moneys paid out by him for all the time he
acted as such agent, and for which he was never
allowed, and that the defendants shall have first
paid the balancce, if any, which may be found
due to the United States.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 88.—An Act granting a Pension to Benjamin
Berry, a Soldier of the Revolution.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Benjamin Berry, a soldier of the Revolution, and
now a resident of the State of Maine, upon the
list of revolutionary pensioners, and pay to him
the sum of ninety-six dollars per annum, from
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty, during his natural life.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No.!
-An Act for the relief of Anthony Ran-
kin, of Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to Anthony Rankin the sum of thirty dol-
lars, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, it being tho amount paid by
said Rankin, in eighteen hundred and fourteen,
while engaged m the military service of the Uni-
ted States, for medical aid and attendance when
confined by a severe illness.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 90.—Ail Act for tho relief of Nancy Bowen
and Sarah Larabee.
Be it enacted by the Senate ami House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Nancy Bowen, formerly the widow of Robert
Bnce,upon the roll of pensioners, and pay to her
the sum of ninety-six dollars per annum, from the
fourth day of July, eighteen hundred and fifty,
during her natural life; also, that he be, and is
hereby, directed to place the name of Sarah Larra-
bee, formerly tho widow of Barstow Newell, upon
the pension rolls, and pay to her the sum of nine-
ty-six dollars per annum, commencing on the
first day of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and continuing during her natural life.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 91.—An Act for the relief of John Poe, of
Louisville, Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to John Poe, of Louisville, Kentucky, the
lum of seven hundred and fifty-two dollars and
fifty cents, in full compensation for his services
in purchasing horses and mules for the Army of
the United States m eighteen hundred and forty-
six.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 92.—An Act for the relief of Josiah S.
Little.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Josiah S. Little,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of one thousand dollars,
in full remuneration for a piece of laud to which
he lost title by the operation of the fourth article
of the " Treaty to settle and define the boundaries
between the Territories of the United States and
tho possessions of her British Majesty," &c., of
the ninth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
two.
Approved, August 18, 185G.
No. 93.—An Act for the relief of Nathan M.
Lounsbury.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, required and authorized to pay
to Nathan M. Lounsbury, of Rutland county,
Vermont, the sum of seven hundred and fifty-
six dollars, being at the rate of eight dollars per
month, for arrears of pension, from the eighteenth
day of March, eighteen hundred and eighteen,
to the fourth day of February, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 94.—An Act for the relief of Rebecca Hal-
sey, Widow of Zephaniah Halsey, an Officer
of the Revolution.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hov,se of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Rebecca Halsey, widow of Zephaniah Halsey,
deceased, an officer of the Revolution, on the list
of revolutionary pensioners, and pay to her a
pension at the rate of thirty-five dollars per
month, from the fourth day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, to continue during: her nat-
ural life.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 95.—An Act for therelief of John H. Scran-
tonand JamesM. Hunt, Owners of the Steamer
" Major Tompkins."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be paid, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the
steamer "Major Tompkins," the sum of nine
thousand six hundred dollars, in full satisfaction
for the services rendered, and for the risk, loss,
and damages incurred in saving the United States
mails and treasure, and in rescuing the passen-
gers and crew which were on board the steamer
" Southerner," at the time of the wreck of that
vessel on the uninhabited coast of Washington
Territory, in the month of December, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-four, and for the
clothing and subsistence necessarily furnished to
said passengers and crew.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 96.—An act for the relief of F. A. Cunning-
ham, Paymaster United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are hereby
authorized and directed, in the settlement of the
accounts of F. A. Cunningham, paymaster of the
United States army, to allow him a credit in the
sum of thirty-six thousand and eighty-five dol-
lars, of which sum of public money he was
robbed at Santa Ff, New Mexico, on the eigh-
teenth of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 97.—An act for the relief of John M. Mcin-
tosh.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of tho Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to cause
to be paid to John M. Mcintosh, the sum of one
hundred and sixty-four dollars, that being the joint
amount of two accounts against the Government,
duly certified to be correct, in favor of John Clutes
and Jacob 3r±?trt, for eighty-two dollars each; said
accounts being on duplicate certificates, the ori-
ginals having beenlostand consideredas canceled;
the same to be paid out of any money in the
Treasuty not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That the said Mcintosh snail file a bond, to be
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, to
indemnify the United States against future liabil-
ity for the payment of said accounts.
Approved, August 18,1856.
No. 98.—An Act for the relief of Eliza B. Mc-
Neill.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to
place the name of Eliza B. McNeill upon the pen-
sion list, and to allow her a pension equal in
