1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
'Pending the above call, • .
, Mr. HERBERT stated that, if entitled to a
uotfi, he would vote in the negative.
- Mr. DAVIDSON said: Mr. Speaker, I stated
this morning that 1 had paired off with Mr. Nor-
ton. Mr* Washbhrne, of Illinois, has paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Harris; and as he is ex-
ceedingly anxious to vote on the pending propo-
sitions, wo have entered into an arrangement by
which, for to-day, Mr. H arris is paired off with
Mr. Norton; I vote "No."
Mr. STEPHEN'S. I am opposed to the in-
structions as amended, and if there be no objec-
tion 1 will withdraw my proposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. Stephens's amendment to instruct the
committee to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the original bill, and to insert the fol-
lowing, as amended, was thenfread:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthg United States of America in. Congress assembled, That,
for the purpose of making an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants, and an apportionment, and an election of members of
a convention to form a State constitution for Kansas, as
hereinafter provided, five competent persons shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to be commissioners for the purpose of car-
rying into effect the provisions of this bill, who, before en-
tering upon the duties of thou* office, shall lespeetively take
and subscribe an oath or affirmation that ho will support the
Constitution of the United States, and faithfully and impar-
tially excrciso and discharge the duties enjoined on l im by
this act according to the best of his skill and judgment;
which oath or affirmation Miall be administered to them sev-
erally, and be duly certified by a judge, cleik, or commis-
sioner of a oouit oft lie United States, and filed and recorded
in the office of the Secretaiy of the Territory of Kansas.
Sec. 2. Andbeitjurther enacted, That it shall be the duty
of said commissioners, undci such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Intenor may prescribe, to cause to be made a
full and faithful enumeration of the inhabitants resident in
each county in said Territory (Indians not iccogmzcd by
tiie laws of said Territory as citizens excepted) on the day
of the passage of tins act, and make returns theieof during
the month ot August next, or as soon thereafter as practi-
cable, one of which returns shall be made to the office of
the Secretary of the Interior, ono to the secretaiy of the
Territory of fiansas, and which shall also exhibit the names
of all white male citizens over twenty-one years old, (in-
cluding Indians admitted to citizenship by existing laws,)
and the numbers of all the inhabitants (except as before
excepted) and resident as afore^aidjdassod m such manner
as shall be piescribed by the regulations of the Secretaiy of
the Interior.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be the
duty of the Secret,iry of the fnteuoi, immediately atterthe
passage of this act, to prescribe legulations and foims to be
observed in making the enumeration aforesaid, and to fur-
nish the same with all neccssaiy printed blanks to each of
the commissioners a« noon us may be after their appoint
mcnt; and the commissioners shall meet without delay at
the seat of government of Kansas- Territory, aud proceed
to the dischaige of the duties herem imposed upon them,
and appoint, if neecssaty, proper persons to aid and assist
them in taking the enumnotion herein provided lor, who
must also b" duly sworn faithfully, unpaitiallv, and tiuly,
to discluuge the duties aligned them by Iho oonmuf-ionei*.
Skc. 4. And be it further cnacted, That, said hoard shall
have, powet to appoint a secretary, and shall meet at the seat
ot government ot said Tetrirory on the (ii.->t Monday in Sep-
tember next, and shall piocced to the inspection of said
returns of the enumeration of the inhabitants, hear, and
finally determine, and coriect, aecouhriq to the facts, with-
out unreasonable delay, undct proper regulations to t o made
by themselves, for the ascertainment of disputed facts con-
cerning said enumeration, all questions concerning the
omission of any person from said census returns, or the
improper insertion of any name on said letunis, aud any
other question affecting the integrity or fidelity of said ic-
turns, and the decision of a majority of whom shall be final
and conclusive upon all said']motions, and a majority of
said commissioners shall constitute a quorum foi the tians-
action ot all business. The sociotary shall keep a journal
of the proceeding?: of said board, and transmit copies
thereof, from tune to time, to the Secretaiy of the Intenor,
and when said commissioners shall have completed the
business of their appointment, the books and papers of the
boaid shall be depo-ited in the otlioe of the -secretary of the
Territory, and there kept as lecoids of his office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said board of
commissioners shall, within thirty days after the first Mon-
day in September next, pioceod to make an apportionment
of members for a convention, among the different counties
in said Territory, in the following manner: The whole
number of white male citizens above twenty-one years of
age, including Indians aforesaid, herein authorized to be
enumerated, shall be divided by fifty-two, and the product
of such division, rejecting any* traction of a unit, shall be
the ratio or rule of apportionment of membeis among the
several counties; and if any county shall not have a popu-
lation, thus asceitamed, equal to the ratio, it shall be
attached to some adjoining county, and thus form a repre-
sentative distnet, the number of said citizens in each
county shall then be divided by the ratio, and the product
shall bo the number of Repieseutatives apportioned to such
county: Provided, That the loss in the number of mem-
bers caused by the fractions remaining in the several coun-
ties, in the division of the population thereof, shall be
compensated by assigning to so many counties as have the
largest fractions an additional member for its fraction, as
may be necessary 10 make the whole number of Represent-
atives fifty-two
Sec. 6. And be it further enatfed, That the secretary of
said Territory, immediately after the apportionment of the
members of said convention, when completed, shall cause
a sufficient number of copies thereof and of the returns of
the census to be published and distributed among the in-
habitants of the several counties, and shall transmit one
copy of said apportionment and census, duly certified by
him under the seal of his office, to each clerk of a court of
record within the Territory, who shall file the same, and
make and certify copies thereof whenever required.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That an election shall
be held for members of a convention to form a constitution
for the State ot Kansas, according to the apportionment to
be made as aforesaid, on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday in November, 3856, to be held at such places, and
to be conducted in such manner, both as to persons who
shall superintend such elections and the returns thereof as
the board of commissioners shall appoint and direct, except
in cases by this act otherwise provided.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the board of
commissioners shall have power, and it shall be their duty,
to make all needful rules and regulations for the conduct of
the said election and the returns thereof. They shall ap-
point three suitable persons to be judges of the election at
each place of voting, and prescribe the mode of supplying
vacancies. They shall cause copies of rules and regula-
tions, with a notice of the places of holding elections and
the names of judges, to be published and distributed in every
election district or precinct ten days before the day of elec-
tion, and shall transmit a copy thereof to the clerk of each
court of record, and one copy to each judge of election.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judges of
election shall each, before entering upon the discharge of
his duties, make oath or affirmation that he will faithfully
and impartially discluuge the duties of judge of the election
accoidmg to law, which oath may be administered by any
officer authorized by law to administer oaths. The clerks
of election shall be appointed by the judges, and shall take
the like oath or affirmation, to be administered by one of the
liidges, oi by any of the officers aforesaid. Duplicate returns
'of election shall be made and certified by the judges and
clerks, one of which shall be deposited in the office of the
clerk of the tribunal transacting county business for the
county ui which the election is held, and the other shall be
transmitted to the board of commissioner, whose duty it
shall be to decide, under proper regulations to be made by
themselves, who -are entitled to certificates of election, and
to issue such certificates accordingly to persons who, upon
examination of the returns, shall appear to have received
the highest number of legal votes in each county: Pro-
vided, lu c.ise of tie, said commissioners shall order a new
election in like manner as herein provided. Upon the com-
pletion of these duties said commission shall cease and
determine.
Sec 10. And be it farther enacted, That every white male
citizen of the United tttiitcs, (including Indians of like de-
scription qualified by existing laws to vote,) ovei twenty-
one years old, who may be a bona fide inhabitant of said
Terntoiy at the passage of this act, and who shall have re-
sided thiee month-, nextbefoie ^aid election in the county
in which he oilers to vote, and no other persons whatever,
shall be entitled to \<>to at said election, and all poisons
qualified as voters may be cleetcddelcgates to said conven-
tion, and no others.
Si c. 11. And be it further enacted, That if any person by
menaces, threats, or force, oi by any uthei unlawful means,
shall dnecfly or mdiiectly attempt to influence any quali-
fied votei in giving ins vote, or deter him fioni giving the
same, or distuib or hindei him in the free exeicise of his
light of huflrage, at the election provided for by this act, the
person so offending shall be, adjudged guilty of a misde-
meanor, and be punished by fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by
both, at the discretion of the court.
Sue, 1-2. And be it further enuctcd, That any person not
being a qualified voter accouhng to'the provisions ot this
act, who shall vote at the election herein provided for,
knowing that he is not entitled to vote, and any person who
shall, at the same election, vote moie than once, whether
at the same or dnTeient places, shall be adjudged guilty of
a mivdenieanoi, and punched by fine not exceeding two
bundled and fif'y dolluts, or by mipusonmcnt not exceeding
six months, oi both,at the discietion of the court.
Si c. 13. And be it fuilhcr cnactcd, That any peison what-
soever who may be chatted with the holding of the election
herein authorized to be held, who shall willfully ami know-
ingly commit any fraud or n regularity whatever, with the
intent to hindei, or pi event, or defeat a fair expression of
the popular will in said election, shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and punished by line not exceeding one thousand
dollars, arid impiisomnentnot exceeding two years, or both,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 14. And be it father enacted, That the delegates thus
elected shall assemble in convention at the eapitol of said |
Territory, on the fii^t Monday m December next, and form
a constitution and State Government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union on an equal looting with the
original States m all respects whatever, by the name of
the State of Kansas, with the following boundaues, to wit:
Beginning on the western boundary of the State of Mis-
souri, where the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude
crosses the same, then west on «aid parallel to the one bun-
dled and third meridian of longitude, then north on said
mcndian to the fortieth parallel of latitude, then east on
said paiallel of latitude to the western boundary of the
State of Missomi, then southward with said boundaiy to
the beginning.
Sec. 15. And he it further enacted, That commissioners
shall receive, as their compensation- ten dollars per day
during their attendance on the business of said commission,
beginning on the day they depart from home on the busi-
ness of said commission, and their actual expenses, and
said secretary of the board eight dollars per day, computed
in like manner, and his expenses.
Sec. IS. And he it further enacted, That no person de-
meaning himself in a peaceable and orderly manner shall
ever be molested on account of ins mode of worship or
religions sentiments in said Terntoiy; that the inhabitants
of said Territory shall always be entitled to the benefits of
the writ of kabews corfv, of trial by jury., of a proportionate
representation of the people in the Legislature, and ofjudi-
cial proceedings according to the course of common law.
All persons shall be bailable, unless for capital offenses,
where the proof shall be evident or the presumption great.
All fines shall be moderate, and no cruel or unusual pun-
ishments shall be inflicted. No person shall be deprived
of his life, liberty, or property, but by the judgment of his
peers or the law of the land; and should the public exigen-
cies make it necessary, for the common preservation, to
take any person's property, or demand Ins particular ser-
vices, full compensation shall be made for the same. And
in the just preservation of rights and property, it is under-
stood and declared that no law ought ever to be made or be
in force m said Territory, that shall in any manner inter-
fere with or affect private contracts or engagements bona
fide and without fraud previously proved. And the people
of said Territory shall be entitled to the right to keep and
bear arms, to the liberty of speech and the press, as defined
m the Constitution of the United States, and all other rights
of person or property thereby declared and as thereby de-
fined.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the following
propositions be. and the same are hereby, offered to the said
convention of the people of Kansas, when formed, for their
free acceptance or rejection, which, if accepted by the con-
vention and ratified by the people at the election for the
adoption of the constitution, shall be obligatory on the United
States and upon the said State of Kansas, to wit:
First, That sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
every township of public lands in said State, and where
either of said sections or any part thereof has been sold or
otherwise been disposed of, other lands, equivalent thereto,
and as contiguous as may be, shall be granted in said State
for the use of schools.
Second, That seventy-two sections of land shall be set
apart and reserved for the use and support of a State uni-
versity, to be selected by the Governor of said State, sub-
ject to the approval of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and to be appropriated and applied in such
manner as the Legislature of said State may prescribe for
*the purpose aforesaid, but for no other puipose.
Third, That ten entire sections of land, to be selected by
the Governor of the State, in legal subdivisions, shall be
granted to said State for the purpose of completing the pub-
he buildings, or for the erection of others at the seat of Gov-
ernment, under the direction of the Legislature thereof.
Fourth, That all salt spnngs within said State, not ex-
ceeding twelve in number, with six sections of land adjoin-
ing, or as contiguous as may be to each, shall be granted to
said State for its use ; the same to be selected by the Gov-
ernor thereof within one year after the admission of said
State, and, when so selected, to be used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, and regulations as the Legislature
shall dnect: Provided, That no salt spring or land, the right
whereof is now vested m any individual or individuals, or
which may be hereafter confirmed or adjudged to any indi-
vidual or individuals, shall by this article be granted to said
State.
Fifth, That five percent, of the net proceeds of sales of
all public lands lying within said State, which shall be sold
by Congress after the admission of said State into the Union,
after deducting all the expenses incident to the same, shall
bo paid to said State, for the purpose of making public roads
and internal improvements, as theLegislatuieshall direct:
Provided, The foregoing piopo^itions herein offeied are on
the condition, that the said convention which shall form the
constitution of said State shall provide, by a clause in said
constitution, or an ordinance, irrevocable without the con-
sent of the United States, that said State shall never inter-
fere with the primary disposal of the soil within the same,
by the United States, or with any regulations Congress may
find necessary for securing the title in said soil to bona fide
purchaseis thereof, and that no tax shall be imposed on
lands belonging to the United States, and that in no case
shall non-resident proprietors be taxed higher than residents.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
14th section and of the 32d section of the act passed at the
first session of the Thirty-Third Congress, commonly called
the Kansas and Nebraska act, as reads as, follows: " Except
the 8th section of the act preparatory to the admission of
Missouri into the Union, approved March 6,1820, which,
being inconsistent with the principle of non-intervention by
Congress with slavery in the States and Temtories, as rec-
ognized by the legislation of 1850, commonly called the
compromise mcasuies, is hereby declared inoperative and
void; it being thetiue intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any State or Territory, or to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States;
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to revive or put in force any law or regulation which may
have existed prior to the act of 6th Maich, 18*20, either pro-
tecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery," be,
and the same is hereby, repealed: Provided, That any person
or persons lawfully held to service within either of the
Temtories named in said act shall be discharged fiom such
service, if they shall not be removed and kept out of said
Territories within twelve months from the passage of this
act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. To save time 1 will with-
draw my objection to the withdrawal by the gen-
tleman from Georgia of the pending proposition.
Mr. DUNN. And I renew the objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is the ques-
tion on the instructions merely, or on the motion
to commit with the instructions just read ?
The SPEAKER. The first vote is on agree-
ing to the instructions as amended. If that be
negatived, then the vote will be on the naked mo-
tion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
