1356.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
had not been in such condition that the work
could not proceed. I do not suppose that a single
dollar of the $90,000 is intended to cover any
repairs of the canal.
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the special
ordefc having arrived, this subject will have to be
passed over.
Mr. PUGH. I trust that, if not inconvenient,
the Senate may take a vote on my proposition at
once.
The PRESIDENT. As the Senator from Ohio
desires a vote-on the resolution, if there be no
objection the Chair will submit the question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should prefer to con-
sider the resolution a little more attentively. It
is in such general terms, that upon its face I could
have no objection to it; for, of course, I desire to
have removed all obstructions in the navigation
oftfhe Ohio river; but if the object specially an-
nounced is to make another canal 1 do not think
it necessary; and I should prefer that the subject
should go to the general committee, instead of a
select committee organized with a view to the
particular object.
The PRESIDENT. As the Senator from
Kentucky objects, the resolution will be passed
over, and the Senate will proceed with the special
order.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, one of their clerks, announced
that they had passed a joint resolution (J. R.
No. 6) for enlarging thfc custom-housc, post office,
and court-house at Buffalo, New York; also, a
bill (H.. B. No. 64) to constitute the cities of
Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports
of delivery.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, each of these
hills was road twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Iyerson on the
29th of February.
Mr. CLAYTON resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, followed, and had
not concluded when the Senate adjourned.
[This debate will be found in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 1, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call of committees for reports.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to introduce abill to regulate coastwise shipments
between Atlantic and Pacific ports, of which pre-
vious notice has been given.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; and I give notice
that I will object to everything out of the regular
order of business.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE OREGON BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the usual
resolution to close debate, in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on the bill
makingappropriations to restore and maintain the
peaceable disposition of the Indian tribes on the
Pacific,and for other purposes,within five minutes
after its consideration shall be again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON, ETC.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Giddings in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question before the committee was on the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means for the bill making appropriations to re-
store and maintain the peaceable disposition of
the Indian tribes on the Pacific, and for other
purposes. The question was taken, and the sub-
stitute was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman,! move
that the bill and substitute be laid aside to be
reported to the House; and that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for invalid and other pensions.
The CHAIRMAN. If the bill and substitute
be laid aside, the business then before the com-
mittee will be the consideration of the President's
annual message, on which the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Warner] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LANE. I hope the committee will rise
and report the bill in reference to Indian hostili-
ties to the House, so that it may at once be put
on its passage.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire whether
the gentleman from Georgia is anxious to speak
this morning.
Mr, COBB, of Georgia. If it be proposed that
the committee rise and report the Oregon and
Washington bill to the House, I have no doubt
that my colleague will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand it to have been
uniformly ruled that, when debate has been closed
on a bill in the Committee of the Whole, and the
committee have acted on all amendments, and are
ready to report it to the House, they have no
discretion left to lay the bill aside, but must rise
and immediately reportit to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and that the bill and substitute in
reference to Indian hostilities in Oregon and
Washington be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that the substitute be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill (No. '203) to
suppress Indian hostilities in Oregon and Wash-
ington, and had directed him to report the same
back with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose that the bill be
now put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the bill is not at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I move that the bill be
recommitted; and that the rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself the into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Where is the bill ?
Mr. MORGAN. I suppose that it is evident
that the bill is lost. [A laugh.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state the facts in
reference to the disappearance of the bill, for the
benefit of my friend from New York. A col-
league of his, who has been very much interested
on the subject, procured the bill a few minutes
ago. He has not returned it to the Clerk. He
is absent from his seat, and we do not know
where he is.
Mr. HAVEN. If my motion is agreed to we
can go into committee, and, when the bill is re-
turned, come back into the House and pass it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know where
the bill is ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no further
information on the subject than what he has
given to the House, that the bill is not on the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio if he knows where the
bill is ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not. I knew where
it was a few moments ago. It was then taken
away by a gentleman from New York.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Instead of adopting
the motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] to recommit and go into committee, I
suggest, inasmuch as the bill will be in the posses-
sion of the House in a few moments, that its fur-
ther consideration be postponed until one o'clock.
We shall have the bill then, in all probability, and
can go on with its consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no objection to with-
draw my motion in favor of that suggested by
the gentleman from Georgia. My only object is
to further the business of the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until one o'clock.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into th 
Committee of the Whole on the (state of thft
Union.
Mr. PRINGLE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he withdraw his motion,
and allow the committees to be called until one
o'clock.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw it.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The regular business is tha
call of the standing committees for reports, and
reports are now in order from the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Confmittee on Public
Lands, made an adverse report upon the memo-
rial of J. A. Ragan; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, an adverse report upon the memorial of
Absalom Boyd; which was laid upon the table,
aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill to grant to the States having public
lands therein, the unsold and unappropriated
public lands which have been in market for
twenty years and upwards, for the purposes of
education and internal improvements; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C., from the same committee, reported a
bill establishing two additional land districts in
the Territory of Nebraska; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
back a bill to establish certain land offices in
Kansas, with a substitute, entitled "Abill to estab-
lish two additional land districts in the Territory
of Kansas;" which was read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
"Union, and ordered to be printed.
Also, with amendments, a bill to authorize the
States and Territories in which sixteenth sections
arc situated to relinquish such lands reserved or
granted for the use of schools as maybe com-
paratively valueless or unfit for cultivation, and
to select other lands in lieu thereof; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on th«
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to
construe the act entitled "An act for the relief of
James M. Goggin," approved 27th July, 1854;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate resolution (No. 7) for ths
relief of the Southwestern and Muscogee Rail-
road Company; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to bd
printed.
Mr. MEACHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to extend the jurisdiction of the
corporation of the city of Washington over the
lower Eastern Branch or Navy-Yard bridge, and
to regulate travel upon the upper Eastern Branch
or Benning's bridge, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to authorize
the circuit court of the District of Columbia to
decree the sale of real estate in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution of ther
House of March 17, 1856, directing the said com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of printing
ten thousand copies of documents and correspond-
ence between the Government of Great Britain
and the United States relating to Central Ameri-
can affairs, reported the following resolution:
Resolve^ Tbat there be pnntsd, for the use of the mem-
