1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
thereof the management of their local affairs in j| to have been, to escape from the imposition of
subordination to the superior authority of Con- ij foreign judges, precisely similar to those imposed
gross, which has the right at any time to inter- i j by the organic act upon the people of Kansas,
fere and abrogate unjust or improper legislation, i j To give color to the statement that the bill 1 in-
And such is the position the Territorial Commit-> i troduced indorses the Kansas-Nebraska act, it is
tee have assumed by their acts, though they deny said that the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
it in their report. The committee, have devotecl
particular attention to the examination of a bill
which I introduced into the Senate some time
since, to restore order and peace in Kansas, the
object of which bill was to extend the laws of
Nebraska Territory over Kansas, and abolish all
officers and all the laws, or pretended laws, now
existing in Kansas Territory. To get rid of the
existing disastrous state of things, of the strife
and quarrels which were leading to civil war in
that Territory, was my object. The author of
this report seeks to make out of that bill an in-
dorsement of the so-called great principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska act. But the Senator is equally
as unfortunate in that attempt, as in the other,
to make it appear that the people of Kansas
Territory possessed the right of self-govern-
ment. As there is no such great principle in the
Kansas-Nebraska act as is assumed, of course
the bill which I introduced could not indorse any
such principle. That the people, while in a ter-
ritorial condition, have not the right to regulate
the subject of slavery, 1 have already shown in
a discussion which took place between my col-
league and myself, some time ago. I know it is
contended, in some portions of the country, that
under the Kansas-Nebraska act the people of
those Territories have the right to regulate the
subject of slavery for themselves; but that is not
the case while in a territorial condition; or, if it
were organized under a similar law, and that,
while there has been peace in Nebraska, there has
been strife in Kansas,and that this is conclusive
evidence that there is no fault in the organic law.
It proves no such thing. It simply shows that,
in spite of the defect in the organic act, there has
been peace in Nebraska. It shows that, I admit.
The President of the United States, in one of his
messages submitted to Congress, resorted to this
argument to prove that the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was right. Why, sir, I might, with equal pro-
priety, instance the cases of Ohio, of Indiana, of
Illinois, of Michigan, of Wisconsin, of Iowa, of
Minnesota, and of all'the other Territories from
which slavery was excluded by act of Congress,
and where peace always prevailed, to show that
their quiet settlement was owing to the fact that
slavery was excluded from them. If we are go-
ing for examples, they are as ten to one against
those who quot* the case of Nebraska. The dif-
ference between Nebraska and Kansas was this.
The same defect existed in the organic act in ref-
erence to each Territory; but,as was disclosed
here yesterday by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Thompson,] when the original bill which
provided for the organization of but one Territory
Was so amended as to make two Territories, it
was with the understanding that the northern
Territory, Nebraska, should be surrendered to
the people of the North, and that in the south-
be the case, its author will not avow it. He re- ern Territory of Kansas, the South should take
fuses toanswer, when distinctly interrogated upon ' its chance.
that point, whether the Territorial Legislature
has a right to introduce or exclude slavery. He
says it is a judicial question. He refuses to
answer the other question—whether slavery may
be taken into a Territory, and exist there in the
absence of any territorial legistion on the subject^
He says that also is a judicial question. Then,
if there is any great principle in the Kansas-
Nebraska act, it is a judicial question, and the
great principle, so much talked about, is an agree-
ment among the friends of that measure to sub-
mit a judicial question to the decision of the
Supreme Court! Wonderful discovery ! That
is the great principle for which our fathers fought,
" which underlies our whole system of republican
institutions, as promulgated in the Declaration of
Independence. If we are to believe what the
framers of the Declaration of Independence them-
selves said, they went to war for no such cause,
but to extricate themselves from a condition, in
many respects not unlike that imposed upon the
people of Kansas by their organic act. 'Why,
sir, the Territory of Kansas is very much in the
condition, under the Kansas-Nebraska bill, of the
colonies before the Revolution. In fact, the peo-
ple of Kansas have not as extensive privileges as
the people of some of the colonies enjoyed. In
several of the colonies the Governors were elected
annually, by thi people themselves. Our fathers
gave, in the Declaration of Independence, the
reasons why they declared it, and why they were
willing to risk their lives and fortunes and honor
to maintain it. In recapitulating the wrongs
which were imposed upon them, alluding to tne
King, they say:
I-admit that the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise would have done no harm, except that
flowing from a bteach of good faith between the
different sections of the Union, if no attempt had
been made to introduce slavery into any part of
the Territory covered by it; and had not that
repeal taken place no such attempt would have
been made. Then the origin of all the difficulty
is the repeal of the Missouri compromise; because,
unless that had been repealed, there would have
been no effort to introduce slavery into Kansas,
as there was not into Nebraska; the Territories
would have been settled in peace, and we should
have been spared the presentdifficulties. Again: it
is said in this report, in reference to the bill intro-
duced by me:
" The second section provides that all offices in Kansas
shall be vacated, and recognizes the validity and binding
force of the acts patted by the Territorial Legislature of Kan ■
sot, but contains a repealing clause to take ' effect on the
passage of this act.' "
This statement is not true. The second section
does not recognize tjie validity and binding force
of the acts passed by the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas. It was drawn with express reference,
and with a particular design, not to recognize those
legislative acts as binding. Let me read the con-
cluding portion of it:
" And all the acts and proceedings of any body of men
heretofore assembled in the Territory of Kansas, and claim
ing to be a Territorial Legislature thereof, shall cease to have
effect upon the passage of this act."
Does that recognize the body as a valid Legisla-
ture? Look at the cautious language employed.
It speaks of them as a body of men claiming to
" He has made judges dependent on his will alone for i i be a Legislature,but it does not admit the validity
P tenure nf their nffipp-a a nH tha omnnnt *1 * r   r    1 *i__ 
the tenure of tlieir offices, and the amount and payment
of their salaries."
Just so the judges in Kansas are made de-
pendent on the will of Congress and the Presi-
dent for the tenure of their offices and the
amount and payment of their salaries. To get
rid of such judges was one of the causes for
which our fathers went to war, and not to estab-
lish any such nonsensical principle as that a con- \
troverted matter should be regarded as a judicial1
question to be submitted to thecourts fordecision.
It'is a libel on the Declaration of Independence,
and on our ancestors who framed it, to say that
they went to war to establish any such principle 1
as that contained in the Kansas-Nebraska act,
when they themselves have set forth in their
declaration the reasons which impelled them to
the act, and among others have stated a main one
of that Legislature or of its acts; nor does the con-
cluding line admit it. That is said to be an admis-
sion that the acts and proceedings must have been
binding before they ceased to have effect. They
had a forced effect, I admit. They had no legal
effect, but they had that force in the Territory of
Kansas which the strong arm of power, of arbi-
trary power, gave them, and that was all the
force they did have. The public opinion of the
Territory was against them; they never could be
enforced, and never were enforced; but when
backed by an army of border men from Missouri,
or by the bayonets of the United States. That
was the force which they had, and it was to pre-
vent the President of the United States from abus-
ing his power in attempting to enforce such acts,
that this clause was framed.
My object in proposing to place the people of I
Kansas under the jurisdiction of Nebraska, was
to prevent a state of anarchy in Kansas—to have
some laws for the temporary protection pf its in-
habitants, till Congress could adopt measures for
their permanent relief, and at the same time to
get rid of the barbarous, inhuman, and cruel offi-
cials, or pretended officials, who, under color of
law, with a lawless posse, were roaming over the
Territory, harassing, imprisoning, robbing, and
murdering its inhabitants.
In regard to the measure introduced by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and recommended by the com-
mittee, I regard it, in many respects, as a most
excellent bill; but we must look at it in the light
of surrounding circumstances. In the condition
of things now existing in the country, I do not
consider it a safe measure, nor one which will
give peace; and I will briefly give my reasons.
First, it affords no immediate relief. It provides
for taking a census of the voters in the Territory,
for an election in November, and the assembling
of a convention in December to form, if it thinks
proper, a constitution for Kansas, preparatory to
its admission into the Union as a State. It is
not until December that thf convention is to meet.
It would take some time to form a constitution.
I suppose that constitution would have to be rati-
fied by the people before it should become valid.
No provision is made in this bill for such ratifica-
tion. This is objectionable to my mind. I do
not think the people should be bound by a con-
stitution without passing upon it directly them-
selves. That is the practire in remodeling con-
stitutions in the States. We have, within a few
years, amended the constitution of Illinois.
The people called a convention. That conven-
tion remodeled our constitution, and then sub-
mitted it to the people for approval or rejection.
A majority voted for it, and it became the fun-
damental law of the State, otherwise it would have
had no effect. The convention did not assume to
fix the fhndamental law for the people of the State
of Illinois, without submitting it directly to their
decision. It looks to me too much like the exer-
cise of arbitrary authority to vest in the hands of
the fifty-two men who are authorized to be elected
by this act, the power to fasten any sort of a con-
stitution upon the people of Kansas, without
allowing them to pass directly upon it. It is quite
enough for Congress to call a convention without
being asked by the people of that Territory, or
consulting them at all; but it is going a little tod
far tp allow the convention, when assembled, to
fix a constitution irrevocably upon the people of
the Territory. There is nothing said in this bill,
so far as I have discovered, about submitting.the
constitution which is to be framed, to the people,
for their sanction or rejection. Perhaps the con-
vention would have tne right to submit it if it
should think proper, but it is certainly not com-
pelled to do so according to the provisions of the
bill. If it is to be submitted to the people it will
take time, and it will not be until some time next
year that this new constitution, affirmed and rat-
ified by the people, would be submitted here to
j Congress for its acceptance; and what is to be the
|1 condition of that people in the mean time ?
Now, sir, I believe it to be our duty to adopt
;, some measure of immediate relief, and not leave
ji the inhabitants of Kansas in their present condi-
j tion for months to come. There is no govern-
j ment there; there is no protection there for life,
; or liberty, or property. The guarantees of the
Constitution Eire trodden under foot. No man
knows when he is safe. The highways leading
; to the Territory are beset by armed men. There
is no peace or safety in the Territory for free-
State settlers. I say that we need some measure
{ which will afford immediate relief. The bill be-
fore us does not profess to give it. It will take
six, and probably twelve, months to carry it into
effect; and, in the mean time, the inhabitants of
the Territory are left to struggle along as best
they may, subject to all the indignities, all the
persecutions, and all the cruelties which malig-
nant usurpers, clothed with the forms of law, can
invent. •
Another objection which I have to this bill is,
that the circumstances are such that it would not
secure a fair expression of the opinion of the peo-
ple of the Territory. We must look at things
as thev exist. Without being tedious, allow me,
