•m
appendix to the congressional globs.
[July 2 
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of~ Kansas—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
in a few words, to trace the history of the difficul-
ties in Kansas. .
To hogin with: prior to 18o4, this Territory
was protected against the incursions of slavery.
The Missouri compromise, says ray highly-re-
spected friend from Delaware, was unconstitu-
tional. i disagree with him about that. I think
it was as clearly constitutional as any act Con-
gress .could pass. Why Congress has not the
right to keep negroes or slaves out of its terri-
tory I never could conceiye. The power to exclude
white men cannot be denied. Congress had the
right to prevent the settlement of a single human
being iu the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
up to this day, and for twenty years to come.
When it could keep white people out, why not
negroes? I do not wish, however, to go into that
argument. The North,asageneral thing,regarded
the Missouri compromise as a constitutional pro-
vision; the country generally so regarded it. It
was repealed. We all know the shock that its
repeal gave to the country. It was unexpected—
unasked for from any quarter; not a petition from
any city, or town, or village, throughout this
broad land, came here asking for its repeal; not a
human being outside the precincts of Washing-
ton city expected it. The country was shocked
at the proposition; but when its repeal was ef-
fected, under what circumstances was it ? li was
under the pretense that it was necesssary in order
to conform to the compromise measures of 1850.
That was a false pretense. The compromise
measures of 1850 did not require the repeal of
the Missouri compromise; but they were entirely
and perfectly consistent with its existence. The
doctrine established in 1850 was the non-interven-
tion doctrine; the let-alone doctrine; that is to
say, when Congress came to organize a Terri-
tory, if slavery existed there it was to be Jet alone;
if it was free, it remained free; if there was a
law prohibiting slavery, they did not repeal it.
That was the non-intervention doctrine of 1850,
and it is illustrated in the cases of Utah and New
Mexico. There slavery was forbidden by a Mex-
ican law, or by a number of Mexican laws.
Congress did not repeal those laws, but it left
them in existence; they are in full existence to-
day, and slavery cannot legally exist in either of
those Territories, but is excluded from them by
positive law.
When Congress came to organize the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska, to have been con-
sistent with the legislation of 1850 it should have
left the Territories, upon the subject of slavery,
as it found theni. Non-intervention was its doc-
trine; and inasmuch as, when it came to organize
those Territories, it found in existence a law
which had been in existence for more than thirty
years, prohibiting slavery, to have been consist-
ent it should have left that law in full force; but
Congress thought proper to depart from that
policy. Even the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, my colleague, stated at the time that
it was a departure from the policy of 1850 to
repeal the Missouri compromise. When it was
repealed, the country was told it was not for the
purpose of extending slavery; and when some of
vis in the North thought that that would be its
effi'ct, and objected to it, we were charged with
misrepresenting the men who had advocated the
repeal. We were told that it was a measure of
freedom; that the compromise, by excluding
slavery north of 3G° 30', impliedly admitted it
south of that line; and that, by its repeal, our
northern people would go down and take posses-
sion of the country south of that line. It was
.said'here, on the floor of the Senate, that, it was
not a measure for the extension of slavery. It
was said by members, both from the South and
North, that slavery could never go into Kansas;
that soil and climate forbade it; that it would not
be profitable there; and that the object in abol-
ishing this compromise was not to introduce
slavery. That was the understanding, but how
has it been kept? The repeal of this compromise,
whhh first shook the country, has been followed
up by an attempt to force slavery into Kansas.
The committee which has just returned from that
Territory, and presented its report in the House
of Representatives, a copy of which lies before
me, shows that organizations were gotten up for
the purpose of forcing slavery into Kansas, and
that they have been effective for that purpose.
That men went into that Territory, and resolved
that slavery had a right to go there and should go
there, long before any emigrants from Massa-
chusetts went into the Territory, this report
shows conclusively. It also establishes the fact
that the people of Kansas have been subjected to
a foreign rule. The' evidence of the fact is here
made apparent. Many who voted at the elections
have testified, and they show that the elections
have been carried, in every instance, by men from
abroad—by men from Missouri; that this so-
called Legislature was a fraud; and that an at-
tempt was made to carry slavery into Kansas,
under the color of law, which, in my judgment,
adds to the iniquity of the thing. It is worse for
a man to do an illegal act under color of law than
for him to do it without any pretense that he is
acting in a lawful way. It is worse for an officer,
charged to preserve the peace, to break it, than it
is for a citizen upon wnom no such particular
obligation rests.
After getting possession of the polls and elect-
ing a Legislature, the next step was to pass laws
which would disfranchise those who wished to
make Kansas a free State. There is no protec-
tion for the free-State people in Kansas. They
cannot get out of the difficulty in which they are
involved, no matter how numerous they may be,
because such restraints are imposed upon them
that they cannot exercise the right of suffrage.
They will not take the oath to support the fugi-
tive slave law, and without taking it they cannot
exercise the right of suffrage; so that, although
they may be ten to one of the inhabitants of the
Territory, yet the eleventh man would control the
elections; and the usurpers have so protected
themselves by the forms of law, that there is no
escape unless Congress grants relief.
Persons assuming to act as officers under these
pretended laws are scattered all over the Terri-
tory, arresting free-State men under various pre-
tenses ; some of them are now lying in jail; many
of them have been driven from the Territory;
others have been killed; and underthis state of
circumstances it is proposed to hold an election.
I say the parties are not on equal terms. While
the canvass is going on to elect members to form
a constitution, persons acting under the color of
law have it in their power to arrest every free-
State settler in the Territory, and put him m con-
finement. Something must be done to get rid of
the pretended officers and laws which have been
forced upon Kansas by violence and fraud, before
a fair election can be held. It is admitted here by
the friends of the bill, that the indictments which
have been gotten up for treason cannot be main-
tained; that there i3 no such thing as constructive
treason in this country; and yet the leaders of
the free-State party are now in prison under this
trumped-up charge. The officials in Kansas seem
to be acting with a view to darry out the designs
of the men who invaded the Territory. Till they
are hurled from power, and the laws under which
they profess to act are wiped out; till the men
unlawfully imprisoned are restored to liberty, and
those who have been forcibly driven away are
permitted peaceably to return; till the free presses
which have been wantonly destroyed are set up
again; till the freedom of speech and of the press,
which has been trampled down, is guarantied and
protected; and till the inhabitants are secured in
the enjoyment of life, liberty, and property, all
of which are now in peril, it is idle to expect to
obtain at the ballot-box a fair expression of the
opinions of the actual settlers of Kansas.
Let me trouble the Senate by reading a few
paragraphs from the report of the committee just
returned from Kansas, to show the condition of
things at this time in that Territory, and how the
process of the law has been abused. The report
lias just fallen under my observation. I had not
time to read the whole of it, but I am very much
struck with the account it gives of the murder of
Brown, and the manner, in which persons who
make it their boast that they are " law and order
men" execute the laws. The report states:
" Mr. Brown, with seven others who had accompanied
him from Leavenworth, started on their retufn home.
When they had proceeded a part of the way, they were
stopped and taken prisoners by a party of men called the
Kickapoo Rangers, under the command of Captain John
w. Martin. They were disarmed and taken back to Easton,
and put in Dawson's store, (292.) Brown was separated
from the rest of his party, and taken into the office of E. S.
Trotter, (293.) By this time several of Martin's party and
some of the citizens of the place had become intoxicated,
and expressed a determination to kill Brown, (294.) Cap-
tain Martiu was desirous to do, and did, all in hia power to
save him. Several hours weie spent iri discovering what
should be done with Brown, and his party. In the mean
time, without the knowledge of Ins party, Captain Martin
liberated all of Brown's party but himself, and aided them
in their escape, (295.) The crowd repeatedly tried to get in
the room where Brown was, and at one time pucceeded,
but were put out by Martin and others. Martin, finding
that further effort on his part to save Brown was useless,
left and went home. The crowd then got possession of
Brown and finally butchered him in cold blood. The wound
of which he died was inflicted with a hatchet by a man of
the name of Gibson. After he had been mortally wounded,
Brown was gent home with Charles Dunn, and died that
night. No attempt was made to arrest or punisb the mur-
derers of Brown. Many of tbem were well-known citizens,
and some of them were officers of the law. On the next
grand jury which sat in Leavenworth county, the sheriff
summoned several of the persons implicated in this murder,
(296.) One of them was M. P. Rively, at that time treas-
urer of the county. He has been examined as a witness
! before us."
j Now the Senate will perceive that one of the
very men engaged in the murder was a witness
before the committee.
" The reason he gives why no indictments were found is,
' they killed one of the pro-slavery men, and the pro-slavery
men killed one of the others, and I thought it was about
mutual.' The same grand jury, however, found bills of in-
dictment against those who acted as judges of the free-
State election. Rively says:' I know our utmost endeavors
were made to find out who acted as judges and clerks on
the 17th of January last, and at all the bogus elections held
by the Abolitionists here. We were very anxious to find
them out, as we thought them acting illegally.'
" Your committee, in their examinations, have found that
in no case of crime or homicide, mentioned in the report or
in the testimony, has any indictment been found against the
guilty party, except in the homicide of Clark by McCrea,
McCrea being a free-State man."
The treasurer of the county, a man who aided
in butchering Brown, was examined before this
commission, and says the gr.:nd jury, of which
he was a member, returned no indictment against
the perpetrators of the deed. The committee say,
, in the conclusion of their report:
i " That, in the present condition of the Territory, a fair
1 election cannot be held without a new census, a stringent
and weft-guarded election law, the selection of impartial
, judges, and the presence of United States troops at every
i place of election."
j They say further:
" That the various elections held by the people of the
Territory preliminary to the formation of the State govern-
ment have been as regular as the disturbed condition of the
Territory would allow; and that the constitution passed by
the convention heldia pursuance of said elections imbodies
the will of a majority of the people."
The Senator from Georgia wished to know if
the free-State constitution imbodied the will of
the people of Kansas; here is the evidence. It
is ascertained that the number of votes cast for
the Topeka constitution was seventeen hundred
and thirty-one—a good many more votes than
were cast at any time by the pro-slavery party
who were actual settlers. Then, why not admit
Kansas as a State under the constitution formed
at Topeka, and end the strife at once ?
The bill under consideration is not a fair prop-
osition, and cannot be made so until the parties
to be affected by it are placed upon an equal foot-
ing. So long as free-State men are hunted over
the Territory, and liable to constant arrests on
sham process in the hands of sham officers, there
can be no fair election. It is a well-known fact,
that the principal and only convenient avenue to
the Territory is in the hands of the pro-slavery
party, and that no free-State settler is permitted
to enter the Territory over that route. Several
parties attempting to go to Kansas by way of
the Missouri river, have been met and turned
back within a few days. In my judgment, this
bill, if it pass, will not give peace to the country.
It will be said that advantage was taken in the
first place, by the unjust repeal.of the Missouri
compromise; next, that an attempt was made to
deceive the North by telling them that it was not
intended to introduce slavery into Kansas; that,
in violation of such assurance, it has since been
forced into the Territory. The free-State men
in the Territory allege that they are a conquered
people; that they are frequently subjected to ar-
rests on groundless charges, or without any cause
whatever; that in numerous instances they have
been plundered of their property, many of them
driven from the Territory, and some murdered;
