f$0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
fcers of the House of "Representatives of the Thirty-Fourth
Coiisress, ten thousand copies of the documents and cor-
tespoiidcnce between the Governments of Great Rritam and
the United States in relation to Central American affairs,
coraexumeated to the present Congress by the President of
the United States with his annual message; said documents
and correspondence to include the correspondence in rela-
tion to an arbitration of said question between the two
Governments; the correspondence in regard to recruiting
for the Uritish army within the United States, together with
the documents and evidence relating to that subject, com-
municated to the Senate on the 28th of February, 1856; and
the confession of Henry Hertz made after conviction m the
district court of the United States, at Philadelphia, on the
11th day of October, 18oo, and the several papers referred
to in that confession.
JIM be it further resolved. That ten thousand copies of
the map of Central America^ prepired under the direction
of the Coast Survey office, be printed to accompany said
work.
Mr. LETCHER. What will the bindirjg of
these books cost?
Mr. CRAGIN. One shilling is the contract
price.
Mr. LETCHER. "What will be the size of
them ?
Mr. CRAGIN. They will be in octavo form,
and will make a volume of about two hundred
and fifty pages. The maps will cost about eigh-
teen cents apiece. They are already published
by the Senate. I move the previous question
■upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and undiT the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN also, from the same committee,
to whom was referred a resolution of the House
of March 10, 1856, instructing the committee to
inquire into the expediency of printing twenty
thousand copies extra of the message and accom-
panying documents from the President of the
United States, in reference to the commercial rela-
tions of the United States with all foreign nations,
and into tne probable cost per volume of printing
the same, presented a report that the committee
had made inquiry and had arrived at the conclu-
sion that the probable cost of printing the same
would be $1 59-per volume; and in relation to the
extra copies the committee report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies extra of the message
and accompanying documents from the Pie*:ident of the
United Bt<ites,m relation to the commercial relations of the
United Stales with all foieipn nations, the compaia-
tiv«taiiif and comma rial ^atiHu-s of nil nations, <i> pre-
pared by the Secret,u vol" State, hi; piinted for the u^e of the
House, and five hundied copies additional lor thereof the
State Depaitment, and that tiie same be printed m quaito
foini.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
■whether the §1 59 per copy includes the binding?
Mr, CUACHN. It rtocg. 1 call for the previous
question.
The previous ouestion was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SIMMON'S, from the Committer! on the
Judiciary, reported Imck House bill (No. J~9) to
repeal part of an act entitled " An act to provide
for the safe-keeping of the, acts, records, and seal
of the United States, and for other purposes."
Mr. SIMMONS. The effect of this bill, Mr.
Speaker,is to remove the Lax of twenty-five cents
which is now required 
Mr. JONES, (interruptins;.) Tf the bill is going
to be put upon its passage, lot it be read.
Mr. LETCHER. Was it understood that these
bills were to be put upon their passage when the
call commenced ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it is
the regular order of business, inasmuch as the
call is made under the rules of the House.
The 1>jU was read. It repeals so much of the
act entitled " An art to provide for the safe-keep-
ing of the acts, records, and s^al of the United
States, and for other purposes," as is embraced
in the last clause of the sixth section of said act
which roads, "for authenticating the copy of a
record or paper under the seal of olfice, twenty-
five cents."
Mr. SIMMONS. I want a moment to explain
that bill. The Secretary of State wrote to me,
sending a bill of that character which he was
anxious to have passed, for the reason that the
tax to be removed is only a small one of twenty-
five ccnts, imposed on the authenticating of a
record m the ofiice for a third pcrso'i. It is not
for the filing of a record, but merely for authen-
ticating one. It is a small affair, and the Secre-
tary tells me that it costs more to collect it than
it comes to, and he would therefore like to have
it removed. I ask to have the bill put upon its
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the samecommittee, re-
ported a joint resolution for the purchase of a
sufficient number of copies of Alden's Index to
the Reports of the Supreme Court of the United
States, for the use of the Government, its judges
and other officers; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the resolution.
The Clerk reported the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and m&tructcd to purchase fiom tlie"author and pub-
Usher thereof a sufficient number of copies of "Alden's;
Tmlex to the Reports of the Supreme Court of the United
States," in three volumes, to be distributed as follows, viz:
To the President, heads of Departments, and heads of
bureaus, each one copy, for the use of those officers and
their successors m office.
To the United State-: and territorial judges, and district
attorneys, each one copy, for the use of those officers and
their suoofisi'ois in office.
To the legations and consulships of the United States,
each one copy, for the u e of said legations and consul-
ships.
To the libiary of the Senate twenty-five copies, and to
the library of the House of Representatives fifty copies, lor
the use of then committees*.
Mr. DICK. I offer the following amendment:
And to each Senator, Representative, and Delegate to
this Oongietri, one eopv.
The object of my amendment is to furnish to
each of the members of this Congress one copy
of the work in question, which is considered one
of the best works of the kind ever published in
this country. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The question being on that motion,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. 'WALKER. I would like to make an in-
quiry for information. I wish to learn from the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee the char-
acter of this work?
Mr. JONES. To allow the gentleman from
Alabama to put his question, I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
in relation to the nature of this work; for I con-
fess that the name is a new one to me. I desire
to know whether it is simply an index of the
cases which have been decided, or whether it is
in the form of a digest?
Mr. SIMMONS., I will state to the gentle-
man 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
debate i.s 111 order only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARRIS. For the purpose of enabling
the gentleman from New York to explain the
resolution, I will withdraw the motion to lay on
the table for the present.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. Speaker,this index is
in the nature, perhaps, of a digest, and might very
properly have been called by that name. It is the
latest, and perhaps the moet improved, clear, and
explicit exposition of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States that has ever been pub-
lished. It has been recently published in three
volumes; and several of the members of the
House—members of the bar—who have seen it,
say it is the best thing of the kind they have ever
seen. There has been a copy left in the Judiciary
Committee room, and I confess that 1 could not
well get along without it-
Mr. FLAGLER. What is the cost?
Mr. SIMMONS. Six dollars.
Mr. FLAGLER. Six dollars per volume ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir, it is in three vol-
umes, and, as I understand, is published for two
dollars per volume, making the cost of the whole
work six dollars. The book, as I have said, is
in the nature of a digest. It is not proposed to
furnish copies for anybody to carry home, but
merely to furnish the public libraries of the Gov-
ernment, and the public officers for the use of the
offices—not to carry home.
Mr. HARRIS, 'I would inquire of the gentle-
man from New York what number of copies his
resolution contemplates purchasing?
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot state precisely. I
think about fifty for the House, and about twenty-
five for the use of the Senate. I believe it fur-
nishes one for each of the committee rooms, and
one for the President; each of the heads of the
Department's, and one for each of the foreign lega-
tions.
Mr. HARRIS. And one for each member of
both Houses of Congress?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. I thought that was in the reso-
lution.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; that was the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dick.]
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am opposed tffthe
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
It was voted down in the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. If we adopt that proposition, Alden's In-
dex will go into what is commonly known as the
book fund, and will be furnished, not only to the
members of this House, but to the members of
each succceding House. We reported in favor of
supplying the committee-rooms of the two Houses
with the book, leaving entirely out of view the
matter of supplying the members of Congress.
We propose, also, to supply the foreign legations,
and also the heads of Departments. The entire
number would probably amount to two or three
hundred. '*
Mr. HARRIS. I would inqnire whether the
Committee on tl le Judiciary have united in making
this recommendation ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir, I believe they
were unanimous, with the exception, perhaps, of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Caskie.]
Mr. CASKIE. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. MARSHALL. If it is to ask a question.
Mr. CASKIE. I wished to make a single
statement.
Mr. MARSHALL. I prefer, then, that the
gentleman should wait until I get through. I was
going on to remark, that this work is a very per-
fect index of all the decisions of the Supreme
Court in the shape of a digest, and would, m my
opinion, be very useful to practitioners at the
bar, and of but little use to anybody else. It
certainly would be of very little use to the general
reader; but to any one engaged in a public em-
ployment, in which he must often refer to the
decisions of the Supreme Court, it would, in my
opinion, bo a very handy work. I should think
it would be vciy well to supply the committee-
rooms, and the heads of Departments and bu-
reaus, who have occasion to refer to the decisions
of the Supreme Court, but further than that I am
not willing to go.
Mr. CASKIE. I wish to make a remark in
connection with the proposition before us. First,
I desire to correct the statement of the gentleman
from Kentucky in relation to myself. The error
of the gentleman has, perhaps, arisen from my
opposition to the proposition which originally
came before the committee, which was, if I mis-
take not, to give each member of the House of
Representatives, and of the Senate, one copy of
this work.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman stutes
correctly.
Mr. CASKIE. It is true, sir, I was opposed
to that proposition, and urged my opposition be-
fore the committee, but I am prepared to vote for
the resolution agreed upon by the committee,
while I am utterly opposed to the amendment
which has been offered. And I wish to call the
attention of gentlemen who agree with me in re-
ference to the general subject of the purchase
and distribution of books to the fact, that the re-
solution which is now before us does not give a
single copy of the book in question to any man as
private property. Every single book that it is
proposed to buy becomes, and is to be kept, by
the very language of the resolution, the property
of the Government, for the use of the public offi-
cers. It will be observed that, according to the
resolution, the books which it is proposed to
procure for the use of the President, heads of
Departments, and of the different bureaus, are
for the t^e of those officers and their successors in
office—that those given to the judges and district
