1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIjOBB.
7Si
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
that the pretended laws imposed upon them by
their conquerors are, many of them, arbitrary and ]
inhuman; that the Territory swarms with persons j
professing to act undercolor of law, who, aided ,
by a numerous posse, are committing all manner '
of outrages upon the free-State settlers, arresting
and confining them not on any criminal charge—
for the reportof the Kansas committee shows but
a single arrest for a criminal offense—but upon
some trumped-up charge.
The whole difficulties which led to the first siege
of Lawrence, and to its second destruction,
grew out of the issuing a peace warrant, as was
shown by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
to-day; but he did not state another fact—that
the man, Branson, against whom the peace war-
rant was sworn out, which was the occasion for j
Governor Shannon's calling out three thousand
troops and besieging Lawrence, had been arrested
"since, taken to Lecompton, kept in prison for a
time, and finally discharged, no one appearing
against him. To hold an election in Kansas
■while the pro-slavery party have the complete
control of all the officials, "both those appointed
by the Federal Government and by the Legisla-
ture of Missourians, and these officials having
complete sway by the assistance of United States |
troops, and bogus laws, to destroy the printing
presses, and imprison at pleasure free-State men,
would be a perfect farce.
"We are asked, then, to amend this bill and make
it perfect; and a liberal spirit seems to be man-
ifested on the part of some Senators to have a
fair bill. It is difficult, I admit, to frame a bill
that will give satisfaction to all; but to approach
it, or to come near it, I think two things must be
done. In the first place, you never can satisfy
the country if slavery is established in Kansas,
and it asks for admission as a slave State, unless
you first restore the prohibition of slavery, be-
cause it is believed on the part of those who
would oppose its admission as a slave State, that
an undue advantage has been taken. Now, sir,
I am not one of those individuals who would
make it a sine qua non, under all circumstances,
to vote against the admission .of a slave State into
the Union. A case might be presented where I
would vote to admit such a State; but, sir, may
my right hand forget its cunning, and my tongue
cleave-to the roof of my mouth, before I ever
rote for the admission of a State into this Union
tolerating slavery in its constitution, forced upon
it by fraud and by violence. Never, so help me
God! would I consent to it, and never do I believe
the people of this country would.
If Kansas should turn out to be a free State
tinder this bill, and it were admitted, that would
put an end to the strife—and God knows 1 wish
it, though 1 should not have the least expecta-
tion of such a result under the operation of this
bill at the present time.
But, to satisfy the country, as I have said,two
things are necessary to be done. In the first
place, slavery should be excluded from Kansas
while a Territory. Next, abolish all the acts of
the so-called Territorial Legislature, and dismiss
from place all persons pretending to hold office
under it; then provide for a fair election, at a
proper time, and if slavery should then be estab-
lished in Kansas by a fair vote of its bona fide
settlers, it rrjight be assented to. The Senator
from Louisiana {Mr. Benjamin] smiles at thafc
Is it any more unfair to exclude slavery than it
is to exclude freedom ? The Senator from Geor-
• gia says that the Territories are acquired by the
common blood and treasure of the whole country;
and belonging to the whole country, the people
from the whole of the country have a right to go
to them with their property—not in so many
words did he say so, but that was the purport of
his language. Is it anymore unfair to the South
to keep slavery out until the people are numerous
enough to form a Constitution for themselves,
than it is to the North to force it in? When
slavery is once introduced into a Territory, it will
be very difficult to get it out, and establish a free
State and a free constitution—just as difficult, I
presume, as it would be to establish slavery in
the formation of a State in which none at the
time existed; and as I love liberty rather than
slavery, I prefer keeping a Territory free till it
comes to form a State government. Slavery was
excluded from Kansas Territory while the Mis-
souri compromise stood. The non-intervention
principle of 1850 was violated in order to intro-
duce it. Restore that compromise; put it bade;
guard the elections as you intend to guard them
by this bill; let the people have a fair chance;
give time for them to return; and do one other
thing—dismiss the territorial officials and abolish
those odious, those infamous laws now being en-
forced in the Territory,—and it may secure peace.
No such consequences will follow the repeal of
the pretended laws as the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky supposed. They could not have
a worse anarchy than reigns in Kansas to-day.
The people are driven away from their homes;
no safety is to be found there. Numerous in-
1 stances are given in the report of the House
| committee, upon sworn testimony, showing that
men have been stopped upon the road and their
property taken from them; that houses have
"been broken open and goods taken out. In-
stances are given where men, claiming to be of
the late and order party, have gor.e into the fields
and taken oxen from the plow and slaughtered
them in their owners' presence. They have taken
horses from their owners, without the semblance
of law for so doing; and, in the name of Heaven,
what protection is there in laws that tolerate such
things as these?
So far from producing anarchy and strife, it
would have a tendency, I verily believe, to bring
about quiet and peace, if all the territorial laws of
Kansas were at once abolished, because it would
take away from those who are now oppressing the
people and trampling upon theirdearestriglits, the
pretense and the excuse which they have that they
are doing it in the name of law. It would be folly
to hold an election in Kansas with the present
officials riding triumphant over the land, and
driving men this way and the other at their will.
You cannot expect a free election where a free
press cannot live, and where men are liable to be
taken up without any process, as the reportof the
■ Kansas committee snows has been often done.
! The time, the fearful time, predicted by the
j Senator from Delaware, will be upon us, and we
shall see a crisis in this country more fearful than
any that we have hitherto had, unli ss something
is done at once to relieve the people of Kansas
from the despotism under which they are now
suffering. I should be glad—glad indeed, if this
bill could be put in such a form as would give
peace to the country. But as it is now, I believe
th^t it will do no such thing. In the first place,
it gives no immediate relief. We must wait for
'six months, at least, and perhaps a year, before
it can become effective, let it result as it may.
In the mean time it makes no provision whatever
for the government of the Territory. It was be-
cause of the emergency of the case—because I saw
an attempt, under the pretense of law, to enforce
the most arbitrary and tyrannical acts, that I
made the proposition I did to abolish those pre-
tended laws, dismiss the self-constituted officials,
and place Kansas temporarily under the territo-
rial laws of Nebraska. But if that is objected to,
let the Senator from Georgia put into his bill fi
frame of laws protecting the rights of parties and
of the settlers till they can have an opportunity
to frame laws for themselves.
It is said that persons have died, estates have
descended, marriages have taken place, and chil-
dren been born, under the existing territorial
laws-, (so called,) and that to abolish them will
destroy vested rights. If there is any danger
that the dead will be unburied, parties unmarried,
and children unborn, because of the nullity of
the so-called territorial acts, let us pass an act
giving validity to the contracts which have been
made and the acts which have been done under
these supposed laws. Then amend the bill before
us so as to restore the free-State settlers to some-
thing like an equality of rights, by wiping out
of existence the odious laws which have been
imposed upon the Territory; by dismissing ti.e
officials who, assuming to act under them, have
lorded it over and oppressed all free-State men;
by expelling from the Territory the slaves who
have been forced into it in violation of law; and
by fixing a suitable time for the election,—and
there would be something like fairness in the
proposition, and some hope of giving; peace to j
the country; but in its present form, it will fail,
utterly fail, in my judgment, to accomplish the
object.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have an amendment to
offer to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) There is an amendment now pend-
ing.
Mr. CLAYTOiV. I do not ask for action on
it at the present time. I merely wish that it be
laid on the table; and I give notice that I shall
call it up at the proper moment, after the amend-
ment now pending shall be disposed of.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, having been in-
formed that a majority of Senators had determined
to sit out this question to-night, I concluded to
forego my purpose to'address the Senate on this
subject, and, so far as I was concerned, to allow
the vote to be taken at a convenient hour; but
seeing that the debate will go on through the
night, I propose now to throw myself on the
indulgence of the Senate, while I submit such
views as appear to me pertinent to the measure
under consideration.
During all the discussions which have pre-
ceded this one, on the general subject of Kansas
affairs, and which the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] has informed us have occupied more
than thirty days of the session, my lips have
been closed, because those discussions were par-
ticipated in, for the most part, by gentlemen rep-
resenting extreme sentiments and opinions in
which ( cftuld not concur, and I saw no occasion
on which I supposed that I could interpose my
, views with effect.
| Meanwhile, 1 witnessed the progress of the
| disorders in Kansas with the most painful soli-
citude. I brought forward no measure of pre-
vention, because, standing in the particular rela-
tion to this whole subject I do, 1 believed such
a measure would come with better assurance of
success from some gentleman differently situated
in regard to this question; and the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] and several other
Senators, will do me the justice to say that, for
several month* past, I have not ceased to urge
upon them the importance of bringing before the
Senate some measure for the pacification of
Kansas. At length, the Senator from Delaware
brought forward a plan conceived in the right
spirit. His was soon afterwards followed by one
, from the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer;]
and his was succeeded by that proposed by the
Senator from Georgia, [?4r. Toombs.] All thest
propositions came from the right quarter—and
! particularly the latter—from gentlemen who had
advocated the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
And now, since these several "propositions have
been considered by the Committee on Territories,
i and the bill reported from that committee is under
consideration in the Senate, the first occasion is
presented, since the commencement of the session,
i on which I feel myself fully at liberty to express
I my views freely on the whole subject.
| The principal features of the measure proposed
by the Senator from Delaware, with one excep-
| tion, meet my hearty approval. But the policy
•of that provision which prescribes ninety-three-
thousand inhabitants—the number fixed by law,
1 as the ratio of representation under the last cen-
sus—as a condition of the admission of Kansas
as a State, is decidedly objectionable. It does
not meet the exigency of the case, or of the times.
Considering tbe discouragements to immigration
which must, under the peculiar circumstances in
the condition of Kansas, continue for a consid-
erable time, at no rate of annual increase which
can be reasonably estimated, can the population
reach the number required in less than four or
five years. You may stanch the wound by this
course, but it'cannot be healed but by applying
the radical remedy of admitting the Territory
into the Union as a State. Whoever has looked
closely into this subject, and comprehends all
its bearings, must be satisfied that, though we
may remove Some of the more fruitful sources
of the existing disturbances in Kansas, dissen-
sion and discord wilt still continue, not only in
Kansas, but throughout the country, until Kan-
; sas shall become a State. The excitement und
agitation at the North may be expected to con-
