1856.]
34th Cong....2i> Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
57
For contingencies of the Army, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant gen-
eral's department, at division and department
headquarters, four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the commanding general, two
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
commanding general, three hundred dollars.
For armament of fortifications, one hundred
und twenty-five thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted regi-
ments, two hundred and three thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armories, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
To enable Thomes H. Barlow, of Kentucky,
to manufacture one of his newly-invented rifle
cannon, for the purpose of testing the feasibility
of their use in the military or naval service of the
country, three thousand "dollars, to be paid to
said Barlow from time to time, as he progresses
w it'll the manufacture of the same: Provided, That
said cannon shall not be of less caliber than a
twelve-pounder: And provided further, Tiiat the
said Barlow shall give good and sufficient security
to the Secretary of War for the faithful expendi-
ture of the money hereby appropriated in the
construction of said cannon.
For arsenals, including the purchase of sites
for new arsenals of deposit in Texas and New
Mexico, and for the erection of suitable maga-
zines and other arsenal buildings in Texas, in
California, in "Washington or Oregon Territory,
and in New Mexico, two hundred and thirty
thousand one hundred and fifty-seven dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry, thirty-eight thousand
eight hundred and ninety-two dollars.
For repairs and new machinery at Springfield
armory, Massachusetts, thirty-eight thousand
dollars.
For the completion, including water wheels and
shafting of the new water shops, grading grounds,
and construction of bridge at Springfield armory,
Massachusetts, sixty thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defences, geograph-
ical explorations, syid reeonnoissances, for mili-
tary purposes, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
fifty thousand dollars.
For printing charts of lake surveys, five thou-
sand dollars. _
For the Post Office extension, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For arrearages prior to July first, one thousand
eight hundred and fifteen, payable through the
office of the Third Auditoi, under an act approved
May first, one thousand eight hundred and twenty,
in addition to the balance undrawn in the Treas-
ury, two thousand dollars.
For pay, furnishing and maintaining with quar-
termaster's stores and supplies, and subsistence
of mounted and foot companies of Florida vol-
unteers called into the service of the United
States, two hundred and forty thousand six hun-
dred and sixty-seven dollareand fifty-two cents.
Approved, August 30, 185t*.
manner and held at such places as are or may be
prescribed by the laws of the said State of Dela-
ware.
Approved, August 30, 1,856.
RESOLUTIONS,
No. 1.—A Resolution authorizing the Purchase
and Restoration to the British "Government of
the Ship Resolute, late of the British Navy.
Whereas it has become known to Congress
that the ship Resolute, late of the Navy of her
Majesty the dueen of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, on service in the Arctic
seas, in search of Sir John Franklin and the sur-
vivors of the expedition under his command, was
rescued and recovered in those seas by the officers
and crew of the American whaleship, the George
Henry, after the Resolute had been necessarily
abandoned in the ice by her officers and crew,
and after drifting still in the ice for more than one
thousand miles from the place where so aban-
doned; and that the said ship Resolute, having
been brought to the United States by the salwirs
at great risk and peril, had been generoxisly relin-
quished to them by her Majesty's Government:
Now, in token of the deep interest felt in the
United States for the service in which her Ma-
jesty's said ship was engaged when thus neces-
sarily abandoned, and of the sense entertained
by Congress of the act of her Majesty's Govern-
ment, in surrendering said ship to the salvors:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, requested to cause the said
ship Resolute, with all her armament, equipment,
and the property on board when she arrived in
the United States, and which lias been preserved
in good condition, to be purchased of her present
owners; and that he send the said ship, with
everything pertaining to her as aforesaid, after
being fully repaired and equipped at one of the
navy-yards of the United States, back to Eng-
land, under control of the Secretary of the Navy,
with a request to her Majesty's Government that
the United States may be allowed to restore the
said ship Resolute to her Majesty's service; and,
for the purchase of said slup, and her appurte-
nances as aforesaid, the sum of forty thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be required,
is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Approved, August 28, 185G.
j,T0 3 —An Act to fix the times of holding, in
the State of Delaware, the Election of a Repre-
sentative in the Congress of the United States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House rf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Confess
assembled, That the first Tuesday after the first
Monday i.i November in the present year, and
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in No-
vember in every second year hereafter, shall be,
and the same is hereby, appointed and estab-
lished for holding elections in the State of Deia-
ware for a Representative of said State m the Con-
gress of the United States of America: Provided,
That the said elections shall bo conducted m such
No. 2.—A Resolution authorizing the Acceptance
of certain Medals from Foreign Governments.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of .America in Congress
assembled, That Surgeon Thomas Williamson
and Passed-Assistant Surgeon James F. Har-
rison, of the United States Navy, be, and they
are hereby, authorized to acccpt the s|old medals
recently awarded to them by the Emperor of
Fro.ncc«
Sec. 2. Aiul be it farther resolved, That Lieu-
tenantM. F. Maury, of the United States Navy,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the
gold medals recently presented to him by the
Governments of Prussia and Holland, and the
Republic of Bremen.
Approved, August 30, 185G
No 3.—A Resolution allowing Doctor E. Ii.
Kane, and the Officers associated with him in
their late Expedition to the Arctic seas, m
search of Sir John Franklin, to accept such
Token of Acknowledgment from the Govern-
ment of Great Britain as it may please to
present.
Whereas the President of the United States
has communicated to Congress a request from
the Government of Great Britain that permission
should be given by this Government allowing
Doctor Elisha K. Kane, a passed-assistant sur-
geon in the Navy of the United States, and the
officers who were with him in his late expedition
10 the Arctic seas, in search of Sir John 1< raiikun,
to accept from the Government of Great Britain
some " token of thankfulness," and as a memo-
rial of the sense entertained by that Government
of" their arduous and generous services" in that
behalf: . : •
Be it therefore resolved by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Mi "erica in
Congress assembled, That Congress hereby con-
sents that Dr. Elisha K. Kane, of the Navy of
the United States, and such of the officers who
were with him in the expedition aforesaid as may
yet remain in the service of the United States,
may accept from the Government of Great
Britain such token of the character aforesaid as
it may be the pleasure of that Government to
present to them.
Approved, August 30, 1856.
No. 4.—A Resolution authorizing Alexander D.
Bache to accept a Medal presented to him by
the King of Sweden.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Alexander D. Bache, Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, be, and he is hereby,
authorized to accept the gold medal recently pre-
sented to him by the King of Sweden.
Approved, August 30, 185G.
PRIVATE ACTS.
No. 1.—An Act for the relief of John Connolly,
late a Private in Company A, Sixth Infantry,
United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the name of John Connolly, late
a private in company A, sixth regiment infantry
United States Army, be placed upon the pension
roll by the Secretary of the Interior, at the rate
of ten dollars per month.
Approved, August 23, 185G.
No. 2.—An Act for the relief of the Heirs and
Legal Representatives of Bernard Hemkin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerieain Congress
assembled, That the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Bernard Hemkin be, and they are hereby,
authorized to locate two hundred arpents of land
on any of the unreserved and unappropriated
public lands of the Guachita land district in the
State of Louisiana, it being in lieu of so much
of the lot number four, rpcommended by the
register and receiver of said land office for con-
firmation, in their report made in July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, in compliance with an act
of Congress, as' has been awarded to John B..
Eddins: Provided, That by said location they
shall not interfere with the preemptive or other
valid rights of third persons.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 3.—An Act for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb,
widow of Charles Cobb.
Be it enacted by the Senat&mnd House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe'UnitedStates WJimerieain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
required to place the mime of Ursula E. Cobb,
widow of the late Charles Cobb, a gunner in the
naval service of the United States, upon the list
of those pensioners who are allowed pensions by
the act entitled "An act for the more equitable
administration of the navy pension fund," ap-
proved the third day of March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, and to allow her, as the widow
of said Cobb, a pension agreeable to the pro-
visions of said act, and that her said pension to
commence on the ninth day of May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 4. An Act for the relief of Peyton G. King,
late Receiver of Public Money at Monroe,
Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and flense of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
