58 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong...,2d Sess.
Laws of the United, States.
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, in ad-
justing the accounts of Peyton Gr. King, as late
receiver of public money at the United States land
office at Monroe, Louisiana, to give him credit
for the sum of seven thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three dollarsand ninety-two cents,theamount
of the public money of which he was robbed on
the twenty-second day of January, A. D. eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, while acting in the afore-
said capacity.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 5.—An Act for the relief of Henry L. Rob-
inson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to Henry L. Robinson the sum of one hun-
dred and seventy-one dollars for retained bounty,
and for his services in the United States Army,
from April,eighteen hundred and fourteen, to the
day of his discharge in February, eighteen hun-
dred and fifteen.
Approved, August*23, 1836.
No. 6.-
-An Act for the relief of William B.
Cozzena.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to William B. Cozzens the sum of one thou-
sand dollars, in full compensation for his store-
house, taken from him for the use of the United
States, in January, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, by Captain L. IX. Webb, by order of
Quartermaster General Jesup.
Approved, August 23, 185G.
No. 7.—An Act for the relief of the Heirs and
Legal Representatives ofMrs. Magdalene Brou-
tin, widow of De la Ronde.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerkain Congress
assembled, That the claim of the heirs and legal
representatives of Mrs. Magdalene Broutin, the
widow of Don Pedro de la Ronde, be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed to a tract of land in
the Greonshurg district, parish of St- Tammany,
Louisiana, fronting on the west bank of Pearl
river, at about ten miles from its fall into the
Rigolets; containing two thousand superficial
arpents,as represented on the plat of survey made
by Carlos Trudeau, and annexed to the title deed
granted by Don Juan Ventura Morales, intendent
or superintendcntgeneral of the province of West
Florida, to Mrs. Magdalene .Broutin, widow of
De la Ronde, on the nineteenth January, eighteen
hundred and four: Provided, however, That this
act shall only operate as a relinquishment forever
on the part of the United States to the said lands;
and shall not interfere with adverse valid rights
of other persons, if such exist, to any part of the
land embraced in the claim and survey aforesaid.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 8.—An Act for the relief of John Nash.
Be it enacted by (Se Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to John
Nash, owner of the schooner L. J. Bowden, the
sum of one hundred dollars, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated, the
same being one moiety of the penalty collected
of the master of the said vessel by the collector
of the port of Fredericksburg, in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, for a breach of the rev-
enue laws, it having been made to appear that the
said penalty was incurred without any design to
violate the law.
Appro*&d, August 23, 185G.
No. 9—An Act for the relief of John Otis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives qf the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to John Otis the sum of nine hundred and
seventeen dollars and fifty cents, in full compen-
sation for services rendered in taking care of the
sick and wounded at the battle of Sandy Creek,
and for quarters and materials furnished the
wounded prisoners at said battle, in the year
eighteen hundred and fourteen.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 10.—An Act for the relief of Abner Dick-
son, a Soldier in the War of eighteen hundred
and twelve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the name of Abner Dickpon be
placed on the roll of invalid pensions at the rate
of sixteen dollars per month, commencing on the
first day of December, eighteen hundred and
thirty-five, and to continue during his natural
life, instead of the pension heretofore allowed
him.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 11.—An Act for the relief of Calvin Hall,
Assignee of William Jones.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sefltatives of the United States of Jlmeiica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to Calvin Hall, assignee of William Jones,
such a sum of money as shall equal the value of
three hundred and two sheep belonging to said
Jones, and which were improperly seized and
sold by the Government officers, in the year eigh-
teen hundred and iifty-one, for an alleged non-
payment of duties.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 12.—An Act for the relief of the Sureties of
the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis, United
States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed
to credit and allow the sum of three thousand
and ninety-eight dollars and thirty-seven cents,
in the accounts of Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis,
deceased, and late acting assistant commissary
of subsistence for disbursements made on his
passage to California, and for transportation on
his arrival there, the vouchers for the same having
been lost or stolen after his death in California.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 13.—An Act for the relief of Edmund
Mitchell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the name of Edmund Mitchell,
of Carrol county, in the State of Kentucky, be
placed upon the pension roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the first day
of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved! August 23, 1856.
No. 14.—An Act for the relief of William Hum-
phreys, Jr., Owner of Fishing Schooner Good
Exchange, lost at Sea.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the collector of customs for the
district of Marblehead, in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to William Humphreys, Jr., the
owner of the schooner Good Exchange, of nine-
ty-four tons and thirty-nine ninety-fifths of a ton
burden, upon his showing sufficient authority
from the heirs or the legal representatives of each
person interested, such a sum of money aa said
vessel would have been entitled to if she had been
engaged in the cod fisheries for the " fishing
term" of four months or more, to be distributed
as the law provides; such vessel having been lost
while engaged in that business during the fishing
season of eighteen hundred and forty-five: Pro-
vided, It shall be shown by sufficient proof that
the master and three fourths of the crew of the
said schooner Good Exchange were citizens of
the United States.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 15.—An Act for the relief of the Heirs and
Legal Representatives of Ignacio Delino.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the claim of the heirs and legal
representatives of Ignacio Delino be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed to a tractof land in the
Greensburgdistrict, parish of St. Tammany, Lou-
isiana, fronting on the west bank of Pearl river,
at about twelve miles from its fall into the Pago-
lets, containing two thousand superficial arpents;
as represented on the plat of survey made by
Carlos Trudeau, and annexed to the title deed
granted by Don Juan Ventura Morales, intend-
ent-general of the province of West Florida, to
Ignacio Delino, on the eighteenth January, eigh-
teen hundred and four: Provided, hotvever, That
this act shall only operate as a relinquishment
forever on the part of the United States to the
said lands, and shall not interfere with adverse
valid rights of other persons, if such exist, to any
part of the land embraced in the claim and survey
aforesaid.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 16.—An Act providing an Increase of Pen-
sion to Daniel Waldo, of Onondago county,
New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
the pension of Daniel Waldo, of Onondago
county, New York, to be changed on the pension
roll from twenty-six dollars and sixty-six cents
per annum, to eight dollars per month, com-
mencing from the fourth of March, eighteenhun-
dred and thirty-one, and to continue during his
natural life.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 17.—An Act to confirm the Title of Ruhama
Whitaker and Rebecca Whitaker to certain
Lands in the State of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there is hereby confirmed to Ru-
hama Whitaker the usufruct title during her
natural life, in two certain tracts constituting one
body of land on the northwest branch of Thomp-
son s creek, in Louisiana; the one tract of five
hundred and sixty arpents having been surveyed
in the year seventeen hundred and ninety-nine,
in the name of Juan Brown ^*the other, of three
hundred and ten arpents, having been surveyed
in the year eighteen hundred and six, for Edward
O'Connor; and there is hereby relinquished to
Rebecca Whitaker the reversionary interest of
the United States in fee-simple to the said land;
and it shall be the duty of the United States sur-
veyor general to execute a proper survey of the
land, according to the evidence accompanying the
memorial of the said Ruhama Whitaker and Re-
becca Whitaker to Congress: Provided, however,
That the confirmation and relinquishment by this
act shall not interfere with any subsisting valid
adverse right, if such exist, to the whole or any
part of the aforesaid land.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 18.—An Act for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to Captain Thomas Ap Cates-
by Jones the sum of nine hundred dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, in full for the moneys paid by him to
Hall McAllister, Esq., as counsel on the trial of
Black and five others for mutiny, before a general
naval court-martial on board the sloop-of-war
Warren, in October, eighteen hundred and forty-
nine.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 19.—An Act for the relief of Rudolf Kuss-
maul.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
