1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
34th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Rudolf Kussmaul, of New York,
upon the pension list, at the rate of twelve dol-
lars per month; commencing on the thirtieth day
of Juno., eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and con-
tinuing during his natural life, in lieu of the
pension of six dollars per month, which he now
receives.
Approved, August 23,1856.
No. 20.—An Act authorizing the Legal Repre-
sentatives of Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter
certain Lands in Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the legal representatives of Manuel
Gonzales Moro be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to enter, without payment, at any land office
in the State of Missouri, m such quantities, agree-
ably to the United States surveys, as the claim-
ants may desire, a quantity of land subject to
private entry, not exceeding seven thousand and
fifty-six arpents of land, at a price not exceeding
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, in lieu
of, and in compensation for, a claim of that quan-
tity allowed to them by the board of commission-
ers appointed for the final adjustment of private
land claims in the State of Missouri, and con-
firmed to them by " An act confirming claims to
land in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," approved July fourth, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six. And the register and receiver
of the land offices aforesaid shall receive the
proper applications and proofs, and shall issue the
necessary certificate or certificates; on return of
which to the General Land Office, with proof
sufficient, in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Interior, to establish the right of the claimants as
such legal representatives, a patent or patents
shall issue as in other cases.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 21.—An Act for the relief of J. "W.Todd,
a Lieutenant of Ordnance in the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury of the United States be, and he is
hereby, directed to give credit to J. W. Todd, a
lieutenant of ordnance in the United States Army,
in the sum of two thousand four hundred and
fifty dollars, the same being the amount placed
in his hands by the United States, and charged
to him as disbursing officer, which was irrecover-*
ably lost whilst in his charge and custody by the
burning and sinking of the steamboat Gipsey, on
the Mississippi river, between Baton Rouge and
New Orleans, on the seventh of December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
Uo. 22. An Act for the relief of the Heirs and
Legal Representatives of Louis Reggio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Louis Reggio, original claimant, be, and
they are hereby, confirmed in their title to a cer-
tain tract of land situated on the Bayou Lacomb,
in the parish of St. Tammany, State of Louisi-
ana, containing sixteen hundredarpents, more or
less, according to the original plat of survey made
and returned to the land office, and located in
townships eight and nine, of ranges twelve and
thirteen east,in the land district east of the Island
of Orleans, and west of Pearl river: Provided,
That this confirmation is in no manner to affect
or impair any adverse valid rights, if such should
be found to exist; but the area of such interference,
if not less than the quantity of a sixteenth of a
section, the aforesaid legal representatives shall
be au thorized to locate on other Government lands
in Louisiana, subject to entry by private sale
at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre or
less.
Skc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Surveyor General of Louis-
iana to ascertain whether any part of the original
claim is not covered by other rights, and for such
portion he shall malce a return of a plat to the
General Land Office; and for the area of inter-
ference, if not less than the quantity aforesaid
he shall issue his certificate authorizing the loca-
tion thereof on other lands in Louisiana as afore-
said; and, upon the return of such a plat, or the
surveyor general's certificate, with the tracts
designated thereon by the proper register, which
may be selected in accordance with this act, a
patent shall issue.
Approved, August 23, 185G.
and is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the legal representatives of Thomas Gordon,
deceased, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, nineteen and eighteen
ninetieths dollars, with interest, at the rate of six
per centum per annum, from the fifth day of
April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-
one, being in full for a certificate given by Tim-
othy Pickering, quartermaster general, to the
said Thomas Gordon, deceased, for nineteen and
eighteen ninetieths dollars and interest, and bear-
ing date the twenty-ninth of July, one thousand
seven hundred and eighty-two.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 25. — An Act for the relief of Antoine
Robedeau.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
inscribe on the invalid pension roll the name of
Antoine Robedeau, who was an interpreter to
General Kearny whilst in command of the army
of the West, and was wounded in the battle of
San Pasqual, at the rate of sixteen dollars and
sixty-six cents per month, to commence on the
first day of December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 23.—An Act for the relief of James M.
Lindsay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the claim of James M. Lindsay,
of the State of Alabama, to fractional section,
twenty-one, township six, range five, west of the
Alabama river, except the south half of the south-
east quarter and the south half of the southwest
quarter of said section, be, and the same is hereby,
confirmed; the land herein described being the
part of a reservation made to Samuel and David
Hale, Creek Indians, by the treaty of the ninth
of August, eighteen hundred and fourteen, be-
tween the United States and the hostile Creeks:
Provided, That this act shall be construed to vest
in the said Lindsay only the reversionary interest
of the United States, and not to prejudice the
rights of bona fide claimants other than the United
States.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 24.—An Act for the relief of the Legal Rep-
resentatives of Thomas Gordon, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
No. 26.
-An Act for the relief of Salvador
Accardi.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, directed to place the name of
Salvador Accardi upon the roll of invalid pen-
sions, and that the said Accardi be paid a pension
at the rate of six dollars per month, commencing
from the fourteenth day of March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
No. 27.—An Act for the relief of William H.
Chase.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be directed to pass to the credit of
William H. Chase, a major in the Army, in the
settlement of his accounts, the sum of eight hun-
dred and twelve dollars and fifty cents, being for
the amount heretofore disallowed him in lieu of
quarters and fuel in the years eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight and eighteen hundred and thirty-
nine ; and the further sum of one hundred and
thirty dollars, for money paid by him for the hire
of a vessel to convey him, in the course of his
duty, from Key West to Havana, in the year
eighteen hundred and forty-five, amounting in
all to the sum of nine hundred and forty-two
[dollars] and fifty cents.
Approved, August 23, 1856.
