1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them to present to this justly distinguished officer,
some " token of thankfulness" (as is expressed in
the communication from the British Government)
to Dr. Kane and his associates, for the very emi-
nent and distinguished services which he had ren-
dered to the people of Great Britain, in the effort
to recover this lost mariner.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
who reports this joint resolution allow me to ask
a single question, which I think will remove any
doubt which may be raised. Could the British
Government, under this resolution, supposing
that it was constitutional in that respect, confer
any title of nobility and distinction by virtue of
this concession? Anything else than that I should
be perfectly willing to concede. I believe the
Constitution denies us the power to grant such a
request; but yet the resolution—which I did not
hear distinctly—may possibly cover it.
Mr. MASON. The clause of the Constitution
is of course familiar to us all which provides that
no present shall be acceptcd by any officer of the
Government from any foreign Power without
the assent of Congress; but the inhibition against
accepting any title of nobility does not carry with
it the assertion that it may be done, even with
the assent of Congress.
Mr. SEWARD. So I supposed.
Mr. MASON. I shall be gratified, if the Sen-
ate will allow it, to have the communication from
the British Government, asking for this power
from our Government, read. It is a short one,
and it shows the sense entertained by England
of the services of this officcr.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Washington, December 8, 1855.
Sm: Her Majesty's Government Ijave lately received in-
formation of tlie return of Dr. Kane from his expedition in
search ot Sir John Franklin ; and her Majesty's Govern-
ment have alio been apprised of the safe return of the
fceaichmg squadron under Captain Ilartstein.
This* intelligence has afforded sinceie pleasure to her
Majestflypoverinncnt; and I now, bv the instruction of the
Earl ot ®6iendon, have the honor to offer to tlie Ameucan
Govemmentthe eotdial congia:ulations ofthe British Gov-
ernment on the safe return of Dr. Kane and his gallant
associates tiom their hazardous enterpusp.
I have already expressed to Dr. Kane himself, and re-
quested hjm to communicate to the officers and crows of
tlie vessels under his cotmnarfU, the assui ance of the smceie
giatitude of the Butish Government and nation for their
generous exertions, and ajao to Mr. Gimnull, who liberally
advanced the necessary funds foi the undertaking; and I
am further mstiucted to c^re-ss to tlie Government of the
United States the be^t thanks of her Majesty's Government
for the fiiendly aid which they afforded to the expedition.
Her Majesty's Government feci desiron-s to present i-ome
acknowledgment to Mr. Grinnell, and Dr. Kane, and the
other officers of the American expedition, as a memoual of
the sense which they eutmam of their arduous and gen-
erous services; and her Majesty's Government tru-t that
the Government of the United States will not withhold
their pei mission to such of those officers as aie in their
service to accept, any token of tlmuklulness which may be
offered to them by the British Government.
I avail myself of this oppottunity to renew to you, sir,
the assurance of mv iygh consideration.
JOHN F. CRAMPTON.
Hon. Wm:. L. M^rcy,
Secretary of State of the United States.
Mr. MASON. On examining the Constitution
I am not satisfied that, if the British Government
were to offer to confer a title, the assent of Con-
gress would not be given by the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. That is the point about which
I desired information. I wish to amend it m
that respect.
Mr. MASON. The provision of the Consti-
tution is:
" No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States;
and no person holding any office of ptofit or tiust under
them shall, without the consent of Congress, accept of any
present, emolument, office, or title of any kind whatever,
from any king, prince, or foreign State."
"Without meaning at all to be understood as
discourteous to the Senator from New York, I
cannot but think that the objection which he makes
is rather hypercritical, for it is hardly within the
compass of human probability that the token of
thankfulness projected by the British Government
would be an empty title, which they know would
rather be unwelcome than otherwise to any citi-
zen of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. If the committee themselves
are satisfied that there is no danger of the resolu-
tion being misunderstood, I certainly am not dis-
posed to insist on an amendment. It struck me
incidentally that it was not guarded m this way.
Mr. President, the best way to advance a mea-
sure of this kind, I have generally found, is not
to argue in favor of it. But having been charged
by a constituent of mine, whose name appears
with distinguished honor in connection with this
subject in the communication from the British
Government, to second this resolution when it
should come before the Senate, I should not dis-
charge my duty to him if I did not express, in his
behalf, his earnest desire that the resolution may
be adopted by the Congress of the United States.
I speak of Mr. Henry Grinnell, the merchant of
New York, who furnished funds with which this
expedition in search of Sir John Franklin, with
so much energy, and with so much sacrifice, and
with such great results, was accomplished by Dr.
Kane.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it may not be
understood that I do not appreciate as highly as
any gentleman here the humane and liberal con-
duct of Mr. Grinnell, in furnishing moans for
fitting out this expedition; nor do I hesitate at all
to express my very high appreciation ofthe hon-
orable and gallant conduct of Dr. Kane and his
associates in prosecuting this enterprise. I believe
in all this.
The question which I have suggested—and
which certainly I shall not urge on the Senate
unless it meets with the concurrence of other mem-
bers of this body—is of a very different character.
It is one which does not draw in question the
merit or the conduct of any of these officers; but
simply places it on the ground of a national ques-
tion—a national rule. In the departure from the
rule in this case there may be nothing objection-
able. ^ 1 should feel myself some personal pride
in seeing Mr. Grinnell, and the officers who have
acted in carrying into effect his benevolent inten-
tions, honored and decorated with the rewards
of their noble and gallant services. I should be
proud of it, even if I had no other feeling toward
them than that produced by the distant and gen-
eral relation of fellow-citizen. Though I feel all
this, I ask, is it well for us to set such examples—
to give such precedents ? That is the question.
I believe the only instance found, or the only
one to which my honorable friend from Virginia
has turned his attention, is a case of a few years
ago. From the very origin of our Government
down to that time, not only has no such resolu-
tion been adopted, but we have repeatedly arrested
presents sent by foreign Governments to officers
of this Government; and have taken them as
public property, and disposed of them according
to law. Why was this? It was altogether in
consequence of the supposed value of the prin-
ciple of maintaining all our public officers in a
state entirely free from, and independent of, any
possible foreign influence, come in whatever form
it might.
The British Government has acted nobly in this
matter. The offer contained in the letter which
has been read has been handsomely made. In
such a case I should be willing to give tokens of
honorand respect, whenever foreign Governments
would permit it, to any subjects of theirs who had
rendered such benevolent services to mankind,
and especially to a portion of my own country-
men. I should rather be the giver in such a case
than the taker.
Sir, it may seem to be a very small matter, and
so it is; but it is a precedent, and already one of
a character about equal to it—of a personal nature
altogether—has been referred to. Can we trust
our own discretion to act on this subject judi-
ciously and forbearingly, in all time, when pre-
cedent has been heaped upon precedent from the
same kind and laudable feelings which now actu-
ate us ? When precedent has been heaped upon
precedent, may it not lead to the very thing which
it was intended by our Constitution to check?
There is no necessity for this. The feelings
and approbation of foreign Governments may
be expressed unlimitedly; but the receiving of
presents of value may be a matter which will be
carried further, to an extent and with an cffect
which we now do not dream of.
But, sir, as I said before, I do not wish to
strain any precedents or to deduce any strained !
argument. It does not seem, however, that any |
of the apprehensions which have induced me to j
oppose this resolution are concurred in by other !
Senators. I shall therefore satisfy myself with
my single silent vote.
Mr. MASON. When this subject was first
brought to the notice of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, the suggestion of some gentlemen
there was, that there was no precedent. I con-
fess I was of that opinion. I did not recollect
any instance which had occurred since my ser-
vice in the Senate, which has now extended to a
period of nine years; but I was at once convinced
by referring to the statute-book, that so late as
June 29, 1854, a joint resolution was passed in
these words:
" A resolution giving the consent of Confess to the accept-
ance by Lieutenant M. P. Maurv, of the Navy, of a gold
medal from his Majesty, the King of Sweden:
" Resolved^ by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress asseml>led, That
Lieutenant M. F. Maury, of the United States Navy, be,
and he is hereby authouzecf to accept a gold modal recently
presented to him by His Majesty, the King of Sweden,"
I did not look further. I confess that I saw
none of the objections in principle which seem to
affect the judgment of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I am not aware of any case hereto-
fore in which another Government has applipd to
this Government for permission to make such a
present; but the usual course has been for Gov-
ernments who consider that they have received,
or that their subjects have received, any peculiar
instance of consideration or kindness from any
of our citizens, to send him a present; and if he
be an officer of the Government he cannot receive
it unless he give up his commission. The usual
course is for such presents to be sent to the State
Department, and deposited there as a sort of
quasi national property, 1 suppose.
But, sir, although I see the wisdom, the great
wisdom, of this constitutional inhibition, 1 also
see the propriety of Congress reserving to itself
to determine the occasion when it shall operate
and when it shall not. The Constitution has re-
served to Congress the discretion to determine
when the occasion arises in which f hey can safely
allow a present to be received from a foreign
Power. ] have supposed that the purpose ofthe
Constitution was to prevent the officers of our
Government from being placed in any position in
which they could be brought under obligations, or
could be tampered with by any foreign Power;
and it has that effect; but the very reservation of
authority to Congress to allow one of these high
tokens of national gratitude to be received, shows
that it was not intended to be a stringent pro-
hibition.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I shall, with
deep regret, vote against this resolution unless I
can find that, in the earlier days of our Govern-
ment, Congress authorized the acceptance of
remuneration, or gifts, or presents of any kind,
by citizens of the United States from a foreign
Power. I admit, unhesitatingly, that, within
the language of the Constitution, we have per-
fect authority to do so; and it would be no vio-
lation of the Constitution if consent should be
given in this or any other case.
I have heard but one precedent referred to, and
that is one of not more than two years ago. I
think there is danger in the exercise of the power,
admitting as I do its unqualified existence. I
think that, differing as we do from the nations of
Europe—not so much in our social and civil regu-
lations as in our political institutions and the
basis on which they rest—it would be wiser, in
all cases, and it would be no injustice to the in-
dividual, to say that an American citizen, for
every species of reward and remuneration for the
performance of services of a distinguished char-
acter, (as I admit those of the parties in this case
to be,) should look to his own Government,
either State or National. He may take from for-
eign'nations the benefit of opinion, and of resolu-
tions and letters of approbation; but I think it
would be wiser to prevent the effect which might
arise from a series of precedents like this. They
may influence the future conduct of our country-
men, and make it an object in the eyes of Amer-
ican citizens to look forward to the rewards of
foreign Governments as a remuneration for ser-
vices rendered, either to the cause of their own
country or to humamtygenerally. Consistently
with my views of the danger of establishing a
scries of precedents of that kind—much as it
would gratify me individually to take any proper
occasion to reward the eminent services of this
gentleman—I cannot consent to vote for this
resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I cannot vote
for this resolution in the form in which it is pre-
sented. If, however,the British Governraenthad
