1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1.
and comfort." Now, I learn, by the public
papers, that the chief justice of the Territory of
Kansas has informed the grand jury there as-
sembled, that the laws passed by the Legislature
there, inasmuch as they were passed in pursu-
ance of an act of Congress, were entitled to the
same consideration as the laws of Congress, and
in fact were the laws of Congress, and that if
any persons, had resisted those laws they were
guilty of treason. He also charged that some
mother persons, having connection with this resist-
ance, more or less-gemote, or knowing of the
intention to resist those laws, and not having
given notice of it, were guilty of constructive
treason. I have not the charge before me. It
was published, I think, in the National Intelli-
gencer of this city some weeks since.
I learn that under that charge indictments have
been found against various individuals. Under
this charge also, which it strikes me is a reproach
to the judicial learning of the day, and a reproach
to that constitutional knowledge which, 1 think,
every lawyer ought to have who is intrusted with
such a place, that grand jury not only indicted
for treason, but went further, and presented .the
hotel in the city of Lawrence as a nuisance, and
the printing presses there also as nuisances. I
understand further, that Federal officers, with
Federal process in their pockets, with a large mob
to back them, proceeded, under this indictment of
a gnuid jury, and nothing else, to level this hotel
to the street and burn it, and to demolish the
printing offices. That was not douc by a mob
gathered together without law, but, as I under-
stand the facts—and I am indebted for them, as
I suppose most of us must be for all our facts in
regard to Kansas, to the public prints—it was done
by a man who was standing there m virtue of the
authority of the commission of the United States,
undertaking to enforce the Federal laws there.
Under siich a charge, and such an administra-
tion of it, men have lied from the Territory.
The protecvion which they ought to have found
under the law has utterly failed; and under such
monstrous perversion they have been driven
from their houses and their homes; their build-
ings have been burnt; the cattle have been taken
from the husbandman plowing in his held, and
slaughtered before Ins eyes, to feed the mob who
were destroying him.
The^e are the facts as I understand. When
such a state of facts as this has been existent, and
palpably existent, in Kansas, and the President
of the United States has not said one word
against it, or, at least, not until after the hotel)
and printing presses were demolished; but, as I i
understand the case, the President of the United j
States being a particeps criniinib in oil these trans-.
actions—when these things have transpired so !
recenily—when the visitation of the Federal Gov- j
eminent into this Territory has been with lire ;
and sword—1 think it is a little too soon, if you j
desire to have a fair expression of the men en- j
titled to vote tin re, to say that the right of
voting shall be confined to those who may be j
there on the 4th of July, and be resident there I
three months before. |
It seems to me that the first duty of the Fed-1
era! Government—and I desire to .speak this as j
candidly as 1 can utter any sentiment on earth— I
)s to restore peace, to restore order, to restore j
quiet, to make it safe for those who have homes I
there, and have abandoned them, under this law-j
less outbreak, to go back and resume the rcsi- ,
dences from which they have been thus violently j
expelled, before you go to work to take a census. ;
Again, sir, I learn from the public press—I j
think the information reached the city to-day or j
yesterday—that a party of some seventy-five j
emigrants, going from the State of Illinois, were j
met, in the first place, by a party outside of the j
Territory, and disarmed. Their arms were taken
from them; they gave them up, peaceably or |
forcibly, no matter which. The public press !
brings information that, after their arms were !
taken from them, they still proceeded to go into I
Kansiis unarmed; but the papers say they have ;
actually been forbidden, and prevented from going
into tile Territory, and kept out altogether. I do
not know that this is true; but I have to speak on
this subject, as most of us do, as I said before,
from the reports which come to us through the
public papers.
Under these circumstances, and in this state of
facts, if gentlemen are serious (and I certainly do
not wish to intimate that they are not, for 1 be-
lieve they are serious and sincere) in their pur-
pose of procuring an honest expression of public
opinion on this subject, I ask if it is not a little
too soon to inaugurate measures for taking the
sense of the people on this subject?
Besides, the principle upon which the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was passed, and upon which you
invited emigration from the free and slave States
to go there, was that the people of the.Territory
should be " perfectly free" to determine for them-
selves the question whether they would have
slavery there or not. The, fact being admitted
that every State has that liberty, and always had
it, to determine whether it will admit slavery or
not, i suppose it was meant that there should be
something emphatic in the degree of liberty which
you accorded to them when you said they should
be " perfectly free." And yet, how has this
pledge of perfect freedom been carried out to them
practically? 1 will not go into the discussion of
the difference between those who think that more
or less of the election precincts were invaded by
citizens from outside the Territory. If I recollect
the report made by the majority of the Commit-
tee on Territories in March last—though I have
not read it for some time—I understand it to be
admitted by that report, that unlawful irruptions
were made as to seven of the eighteen election
districts. It is contended—(and contended on
evidence which, I am tuld, will soon be made
public, and which will not be controverted)—it
may have been a mistake of the reporter or the
printer who furnished the information—that, in-
stead of seven, the number was seventeen dis-
tricts. I understand that evidence 's ia the city
that this irruption extended to seventeen districts.
But waiving that—leaving it out of view, let us
take only the admitted fact, that m seven out of
the eighteen electoral districts into which the
Territory was divided, there were irruptions
enough from outside the Territory to control the
elections m those places.
Now let me appeal to any Senator on this floor
respecting any State North or South,free or slave;
let me ask him how he would feel if a code of
laws should be imposed upon his State by a Legis-
lature only cloven eighteenths, a little more than
one half, of whom represented the people for
whom they made laws ? I live in a border State.
I live within about four miles of the boundary of
the State of Maine. How would a citizen of my
county and State feel if, upon election day, an
irruption should be made to a sufficient extent to
control the elections in nearly half the State, and
when the Legislature was in session, as it now is,
laws should be made for them by individuals who
by confession were not citizens of the State, and
were not voted for as such ?
An irruption was made into Kansas. A Legis-
lature was elected there, and how did thisLegis-
ture redeem the pledge of perfect freedom ? They
did it in this manner. They enacted that
'•If any free person, by speaking or by wriTing, assert or
mrtmtam that puraoivs have not the light to holdhi fives* m
tin.- Toiritory, or shall introduce into this Territory any
hook, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or ciicular, containing
an\ atonal of the light of pcisons to hold slavp> m this Tei-
ritory. Mich poisons *hall be deemed guilty of felony, and
pum-hed ' v impugnment at hard iaboi tor a term of not
le.so than two years."
This is the way the pledge of perfect freedom
was carried out. Settlers from both sections of the
country were invited there, under the guarantee
of perfect freedom m determining the question,
whether freedom or slavery should be the law of
the Territory; and the inhabitant who came there
from a free State, was told that if, m mnnnging
this discussion, he asserted that it was wrong to
hold slaves there, the.answer to this suggestion
should be imprisonment m the penitentiary for
not less than two years. This bill claims, as I
understand it, the right of making laws for that
Territory. It claims the right of abrogating the
laws made there, and does abrogate this law, for
so I understand the report, and so (if the honor-
able gentleman from Georgia will allow me, and
I believe I am not trespassing on any rights of
private conversation) X understood him to say.
Am I right?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. I say the declaration
contained in the bill would abrogate any law
against the Constitution. I do not admit that
there is any such law there.
Mr. HALE. I misunderstood the Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not admit that there is
any law there against the Constitution. This bill
would abrogate such laws, if there were any.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Senator from
Georgia, this morning—though, of course, I was
mistaken—to say, that a law which prohibited
anybody to discuss the question of slavery was
not consistent with the Constitution. •
Mr. TOOMBS. That ia true, and it is my
opinion now.
Mr. HALE. Then T understand there is such,
a law there; I think I cannot be mistaken in
having read it. I read it now as quoted in a speech
delivered in the House of Representatives, and 1
will read it exactly as delivered there:
" If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
maintain that persons liave not the light to hold slaves in
thisTcintory."
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the question.
Mr. HALE. It is a good enough question for
me. I say, then, inasmuch as the Legislature
which was elected under this act, which guaran-
tied perfect freedom, has not redeemed this pledge,
but has made it a criminal offense to assert that
persons have no right to hold slaves in the Ter-
ritory, it strikes me that the first duty of Con-
gress is to abrogate that law, and give the right
of free discussion at least some time prior to the
period when they are called upon to vote for a
State constitution. Therefore, if this bill were
perfectly unexceptionable, (and I confess that it
comes near to it in its terms,) if it were not only
unexceptionable in its terms, but unexceptiona-
ble in the agents into whose hands it was to be
committed for execution, there would be a further
difficulty; I think it is premature in point of time.
To-day is the 1st of July, and the bill proposes
to limit the right of voting m Kansas at this elec-
tion to those who shall be found residing there
next Friday, and shall have been residing there
for three months prior to that time, with the ex-
ception which 1 have understood the honorable
Senator from Georgia to be willing to make in
behalf of those who have been illegally expelled
from the Territory.
Mr. STUART. The residence required is
three months prior to the day of election.
Mr. HALE. Is that it?
Mr. TOOMBS, and others. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. I understood it to be three
months prior to the 4th of July.
Mr. TOOMBS. The rule is residence in the
Territory on the 4th of July, and residence in
the county in which they may offer to vote three
months before the day of election—the first Tues-
day in November.
Mr. COLLAMER. But they must have been
there on the 4th of July.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Then it fixes the time of resi-
dence in the Territory on next Friday; and in the
particular county where a man may offer to vote,
three months before the election.
Mr. TOOMBS. Exactly.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, then, though I did
not give the details perfectly, that the measure,
as now understood, is justly obnoxious to the
censure which I was endeavoring to cast upon it—
that it is premature in point of time, because it
fixes a time for residence, which by no possi-
bility can they know anything about; for it can
hardly be possible that it will be of any avail to
those people who have abandoned)the Territory.
In point of time, then, it is objectionable.
I have stated my principal objections to this
bill. They are not, I admit, so much to the terms
of the bill itself. Now let me say a single word
in regard to some suggestions made by the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler."]
He seems to argue this question as if everybody
who was opposed to his measures, opposed them
from a philanthropy which he seems to consider
rather mistaken in regard to the colored race.
Now, sir, however much of philanthropy I may
feelm regard to any race, white or colored, I
profess in my action here to be governed by no
such considerations. I stand here to speak for
the white race. I stand here to speak for my own
kith and kin—for the white Saxon. I propose
to stand here to speak for that great hive which
has been swarming for so many years, and
peopling every territory of yours that has been
opened to emigration—New England. We live
