*84
APPfiNDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
I
the vanquished; and you may make a hundred
treaties upon as many different subjects, having
no reference to territory. Phat argument) there-
fore, is wholly fallacious.
The true ground upon which the power of Con-
gress to establish'governments over newly-ac-
quired territories rests, is the practice of the Gov-
ernment in making new acquisitions of territory;
and the moment any new territory is annexed to
the Union, whether by treaty or conquest, the
right to govern it results from the necessity of the
case. Gentlemen may undertake to infer this
power by logical deduction from half a dozen
rorisions of the Constitution, or to discover it
y the light of reason and the fitness of things;
but they will find themselves in the end—as many
other inquirers, pursuing a similar process of
reasoning, in relation to things of a more sacred
character, have done—landed in the shadowy and
unsatisfactory region of infidelity; and there, I
think, my friend from Missouri [Mr. Geyer]
found himself, after a most laborious inquiry into
the whole subject, by his own admission. Then, as
to the manner in which the power of Congress over
newly-acquired territories thus derived, from the
necessity of the case, is to be exercised, that
problem must be solved by the spirit and reason
of the powers granted, in reference to the origi-
nal States and Territories of the Union. The
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] put that
question upon the right ground.
However much it is to be regretted that the
convention which framed the Constitution did not
foresee the necessity or importance of denning in
more specific terms the extent of the power of
Congress over the Territories, whether within or
without the original boundaries of the United
States, and of the power to admit new States,
especially in reference to the subject of slavery,
yet, for a period of thirty years, the omission to
do so, gave rise to no embarrassment—noobstacle
to the harmonious operation of the Government.
Louisiana was acquired during that period by
treaty with France. The acquisition of that ter-
ritory was objected to at the time it was made,
on the ground that the Constitution did not
authorize the acquisition of new territory or the
admission of any State formed out of such terri-
tory; and the further objection was urged, that
should new States be admitted, formed out of
territory acquired subsequent to the adoption of
■the Constitution, and it should be a slave State,
the enumeration of three fifths of the slaves, to-
gether with the free inhabitants, as the basis of rep-
resentation in Congress, conceded by the Consti-
tution to the original States, would not extend to
such new States.
But the obvious expediency, or rather the neces-
sity, of acquiring Louisiana, outweighed all ob-
jections; and when the Territory of New Orleans
applied for admission into the Union, as a State,
the same principles and policy in relation to
slavery prevailed, which had been adopted by
the Government in relation to the original States
and Territories.
It cannot, however, be denied, that, while the
practice of the Government in this respect, during
the long period referred to, gave rise to no jars or
serious differences, either between parties or sec-
tions, some symptoms of rising jealousies were
revealed, and some presage given that, in time,
the extension of slavery would become an element
of agitation and contention. The idea, too, of a
balance of power policy, was so far prevalent,
that, by a sort of tacit understanding, it was, when
practicable, so arranged, that two new States
should be admitted at the same time,-the one free
and the other slave. The relative progress of the
two sections, marked by a slave line, was never
lost sightof on either side; although parties were,
at no time, arrayed against each other, or organ-
ized in reference to that institution.
But, Mr. President, in 1819 and 1820,there was
a combination of causes and circumstances well
calculated to bring to an edge all the heartburn-
ings and jealousies which had been growing up
for some time, in the North, on the subject of
slavery, in its supposed connection wi-.h the po-
litical power and influence of the South. At that
time the strength of the dominant party lay prin-
cipally in the South. For twenty-four of the
thirty years which had elapsed since the organ-
ization of the Government, the South had fur-
nished the President. Mr. Monroe,it was certain,
would be reelected; and there was no indication
of a change in the tide of success which had been
Vunning lor to long a time in favor of southern
aspirants to power. Up to that time nine new
! States had been admitted—four free, including
Vermont, and five slave States. Of the original
thirteen, seven were free and six slave States.
Thus it appears that, at that time, there was an
equal number of free and slave States. Florida
1 had just then been acquired by purchase from
Spain. Maine had been detached from Massa-
chusetts to be a set-ofF to Missouri when she
should apply for admission. Michigan was in
training as a balance to Arkansas, and it was
supposed that a fifth free State might be provided
I somewhere between the lakes and the Missis-
sippi, in the territory originally set apart as free
territory, to match Florida. By this arrange-
ment there would be still an exact balance of
power, in respect to free and slave States, between
the North and the South; but there was still a
vast remainder of the territory acquired from
, France, to be carved out into new States, consid-
ered slave territory by local and public law,
which threatened, in time, to give a decided and
permanent preponderance to the South.
The State of Louisiana had already been
formed out of this Territory; and the application
of Missouri for admission into the Union was
thought to be a favorable opportunity to make
the issue, whether or not the remainder of the
territory acquired from France was to be parti-
tioned out into slave States; and to test the ques-
tion whether the slave representation conceded to
the original slave States by the Constitution,
extended beyond the original Territories of the
United States. It has been generally conceded
that the leaders in this movement had the further
object, in making these issues, of bringing about
a change in the composition of the political parties
of that day, more favorable to northern interests.
To insure the success of the movement, the
North collected all her powers. The shock was
terrific. The Union reeled under the blow; and
the best patriots of the land stood aghast for a
time) at the prospect before them. The result of
this first great conflict between the North and the
South on the subject of slavery, was the admis-
sion of Missouri into the Union as a slave State,
and the adoption of what was supposed at the
time to be a fair and equal division between the
North and the South, of the remainder of the
territory acquired from France. If the line had
been run three degrees further north, we should
never have witnessed this controversy; for then
the portion reserved to the South would have
included all the territory where slavery would
ever be likely to go. It is unfortunate that the
line was not fixed-at 39° instead of 36° 30' of
north latitude.
The compromise was proposed by a Senator
from a free State, but its main support came from
the South. Indeed, upon the real test question,
the admission of Missouri into the Union as a
jj State, there were, I believe, only six or seven
members from the free States who voted in the
affirmative in the House of Representatives.
It is a remarkable fact, that the ablest oppo-
nents of the proposed restriction of slavery in Mis-
souri directed the force of their arguments mainly
to the position that the equality of the States
contemplated and secured by the Constitution
would be violated by imposing any condition in
respect to slavery; that, if Congress could impose
upon a State, as a condition of its admission into
the Union, theabolition of slavery within its juris-
-diction, it could, in the exercise of the same power,
impose any other condition, and thus reduce it to
the condition of a mere municipal corporation.
But even Mr. Pinckney, who is generally ad-
mitted to have made the ablest argument against
the proposed restriction upon the rights of the
State of Missouri, before he concluded it, ex-
pressed the hope that the danger which threat-
ened the peace of the country might be averted,
by the adoption of some divisional line west of
Missouri, which would be satisfactory to both
sections, north of which slavery should be pro-
hibited. The prohibition was, of course, to be
permanent, and to extend to the States which
might be formed north of the line.
Mr. GEYER. The debate in which Mr. Pinck-
ney took part, was not on the proposition con-
tained in the eighth section of the act of 1820, but
on the restriction proposed to be imposed on the
State of Missouri. The debate in which h^ took
part took place in the Senate, and was on the bill
authorizing Missouri to fortp a constiuition and
State government. ••
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But it was before
the adoption of the line of division.
Mr. GEYER. There was then a notice pending
of a bill, Afterwards introduced by Mr. Thomas,
of Illinois, to prohibit slavery on one side of a line
in the Territories of the United States, and perhaps
Mr. Pinckney made some reference to that.
Mr. BELL^of Tennessee. The fact is as I
have stated. Mr. Pinckney expressed the hope
that the controversy might be adjusted by the
division of the Territory west; and it does not
matter at what stage of the controversy he ex-
pressed this sentiment. But I am at some loss to
account for the course of Mr. Pinckney, after
making an argument of great force against the
constitutional power to impose any restriction
upon the rights of a State not common to all the
States, should have given in his adherence to the
proposition of a permanent prohibition of slavery
north of the compromise line—a prohibition, so
far as it was intended to apply to the States which
might be created north of that line, now so gene-
rally admitted to have been unconstitutional; nor
more especially can I account for the course of
Mr. Monroe, and his distinguished Cabinet, all
of whom, except Mr. Adams, are understood to
have held the proposed prohibition constitutional,
except upon the hypothesis that they believed
the Union to be in jeopardy, and were swayed in
their opinions, as well they might be, by the public
exigency. It has been charged that they were
* further influenced by the powerful motive of pre-
: serving the Republican party, which was threat-
| ened with utter disorganization.
i Sir, it was made a question at the time, which
side had the victory in this memorable contro-
j versy ? The South" triumphed to the extent of
' securing the admission of Missouri into the Union
as a slave State, upon the condition of surrender-
ing territory sufficient to form one State, adapted
by soil and climate to slavery. The North tri-
umphed by wresting that one slave State from the
South.
Sir, whatever opinion may be held, at this day,
of the wisdom of the compromise of 1820, or of
the constitutional power to make it, it had the
; effect of stilling a storm which threatened in its
violence to sweep away the very pillars of the
Government, and all the old landmarks of party;
j but they remained unaffected by its fury, and the
| Government soon resumed its usual tranquil
'course, so far as the question of slavery was
concerned; arid, with the exception of the excite-
ment created by the Abolition movement in 1834,
t so continued for a quarter of a century, when
! the jealousy of southern influence and ascendency
was revived to some extent, in the North, by the
agitation of the policy of annexing Texas. This
policy was consummated in J845; and though a
' large portion of the North, including the strength
of the Democratic party, gave that measure their
support, the acquisition of a territory in which
slavery was established by law and usage, and
, i which was computed to have an area large enough
1j for five States, produeed a deep impression on the
! minds of many leading men at the North, of both
political parties. They regarded that measure as
unsettling the balance of power between the free
and slave States, which had been arranged by the
| compromise of 1820; and, while no interruption
j ensued to the harmonious operation of the <~rov-
! eminent, the close observer might perceive that
I increased activity was imparted to the Abolition
sentiments and associations at the Worth.
But, sir, at the close of the Mexican war m
1848, when the large Territories of New Mexico
and California were acquired to the United States,
it became manifest that the scencs of 1820 were
to be reenacted. The same elements of sectional
1 strife which had been brought into requisition
