m
THE CONGflESSIONA-L GLOBE.
April 2,
indicated to this^Government the. present which
it wished to make, I might vote, for,it. I miglrt
bfe willing to allow the "British Government to
present to Dr. ICane a medal, or a sjword, or a
badge, or "something that .would have had upon
ix xt. . tmnnr n trlKntP f\t f>tie OI
jt the touch of honor,'a tribute of respect; one
those historical tributes which, he could have worn
as a reward for his enterprise. I do not know
but that Great Britain, under the latitude of this
resolution,-might present Dr. Kane .with ,a. ship
worth #100,000, or might present him with some-
thing that would be a precedent hereafter for
doing what we think the Constitution intended
to inhibit. The object of the Constitution is con-
ceded to .have been to prevent the holding out to
our citizens of inducements to perform services
vyhich should entitle them not only to the appro-
bation, but the support of a foreign Government.
Unless I know what the British Government
intends to give, I shall vote against the resolu-
tion.*
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations a modification of his resolution,
so that it shall not extend to any title of nobility.
This can be done by adopting the language of
the Constitution. Confine it to such a present
as the British Government may see fit to bestow
as.a? token. This will, I think, obviate the objec-
tion which has been made to the resolution in its
present form. It seems to me, that the framers
of the Constitution intended to provide, that
Congress might have power to assent to the re-
ception of presents and emoluments of this kind;
and Congress may, with propriety, and indeed
ought in justice, on a proper occasion, to exercise
the power. In this case, I think we are called
upon to act so as to permit the views of the British
Government to be carried out towards Dr. Kane
and those associated with him. If ever there
was an enterprise which demanded such an ac-
knowledgment on the part of a foreign Govern-
ment, this is the one. If ever there were services
performed, for which those who participated in
them were entitled to receive tokens of thankful-
ness—indeed emoluments—from foreign Govern-
ments particularly interested, I think this is a
case where Congress is called upon to exercise
the- discretion of allowing them to be received.
If, therefore, the resolution be so modified as to
limit it to such present or emolument as the Brit-
ish Government may feel inclined to bestow upon
Dr. Kane, I shall vote for it, and be very happy
to have an opportunity t'o do so.
Mr BUTLER. Is not that the effect of the
resolution as it is?
Mr. TOUCEY. It is in broader terms; it is
in such broad terms that it would permit a title
of nobility to be bestowed; and the consent of
Congress might be given to it in advance. I have
no apprehension that anything of the kind will be
done; but,at the same time, in giving this assent
in advance, I wish to adopt the language of the
Constitution, which will preclude any such re-
sult.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I shall vote against
this resolution, because I think the precedent will
be an injurious one. In my judgment, every
officer ot this Government, whenever ho goes
abroad in the service of his country, should regard
himself as owing allegiance to his country and
as serving her. If we are to adopt the practice
of permitting the officers of this Government to
receive presents from foreign Governments, what
is to be the result of every expedition sent abroad?
Each officer may have it in view that, by pursu-
ing a course which shall receive the approbation
of some foreign Government, he may place him-
self in a position to be recognized by that Gov-
ernment, and to receive a large and" handsome
present for his services. A public officer should
not be exposed to this temptation. This practice
may never go further; it may be very proper in
this particular case; but, by setting this example,
you are holding out a direct temptation to public
officers of the Government of the United States
hereafter to look for rewards from foreign Gov-
ernments for their public course. _ For this rea-
son I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. I think this resolution im-
portant as a precedent. The clause of the Con-
stitution bearing on this subject has no applica-
tion except to persons holding offices of trust
r er, profit under the United States. No order of
 obility can be created by Congress; but as
regards the right of a foreign Oovernment _ to
confer, and the right of any person not holding
an office of profit or trust under the United States
to accept from any foreign Government any title,
present, or emolument, there is no .negative'in
the Constitution. The object of the resolution
must be, then, to obtain the consent of Congress
to the reception generally, without any, specifica-
tion of such present, emolument, office, or title,
as the British government may deem proper to
confer on some person holding an office of trust
or profit under the United States. That is the
object and effect of it.
Sir, is it a correct construction of the Constitu-
tion to say that we can give our consent without
knowing the character of the token; without being
informed as to whether it is a present, a title, an
emolument, or an office? Is not the true con-
struction of the Constitution that you cannot give
a general consent to any species of these four dif-
ferent modes of reward which may be chosen by
a foreign Government? Was not this the intent,
that when a foreign Government proposes to con-
fer a particular thing, either a present, an office,
an emolument, or a title, on a person holding an
office of trust or profit under the United States,
the assent of the Congress of the United States
may be given to the particular act or particular
o-ifi. nnH then it. is valid? Otherwise. I think it
gift", and~then it is valid? Otherwise, 1 think it
would be invalid. On this ground, within the
terms of the Constitution, I say this resolution
could not be considered as giving the consent of
Congress, because Congress has no knowledge
of the character of the gift or present to be made
to this officer.
Although it will be time enough to determine
the question when it comes up, for my own part
I should bo disinclined to authorize the accept-
ance of such a gift by any person holding an
office of trust or profit under the United States,
even if .the gift were indicated. I admit, how-
ever, that in that case the power is conferred in
the Constitution; but it does not follow that, be-
cause the power exists in Congress, and was re
served in the Constitution, we should necessarily
exercise it. Would any Senator in this body say
that, for any imaginable species of service, he
would authorize a foreign Government to confer
a title on any citizen holding an office of trust or
profit under the United States? The Constitu-
tion authorizes it; but, looking to our own polit-
ical and civil institutions, looking to freedom from
the influence of foreign Governments, which
ought to be one of the objects of our greatest
jealousy, I ask is there a Senator of the United
States who would consent that any foreign Gov-
ernment should confer a title upon a person hold-
ing an office of trust or profit under the United
States, jio matter what the character of his ser-
vices might be ? Would he consent that a foreign
Government should confer on one of our officers
a stationary emolument—because that would
come within the word emolument—that it should
confer on him an office to be held under it? There
are four things mentioned in the Constitution
tvhich may not be done without the consent of
Congress. In regard to three of them, Congress
has power to give conscnt. In regard to the
fourth there may be a question. Even in refer-
ence to presents, 1 presume there is no member
of this body who would not feel bound to reject
the exercise of the power in any future, possible,
contingent case. He would require a specific ap-
plication to be before him.
A precedent has been cited where a medal was
conferred on a naval officer. That certainly was
a very innocent and harmless thing, and not cal-
culated to do any injury except as a precedent.
The general tendency of my own mind, how-
ever, would be to say that an officer holding an
office of trust or profit under the United States,
should look to the opinion of mankind, if he
pleases, for his reward; but for his compensation
in the shape of presents, gifts, offices, and emolu-
ments, let him look to his own Government at
home—to his State government and his national
Government—as the sole motive for his exertions
in the cause of humanity and of his country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The hour has nearly ar-
rived for the special order. There will probably
be further debate on this resolution.
Mr. MASON. I presume there will be none.
Mr. BENJAMIN. At all events, the resolu-
wni sans
nator/fri
tion.will be more acceptable to some who are in-
clined to vote for it if it be amended.
Mr. MASON. I should decline any amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move the postponement
of the resolution until to-morrow morning for the
purpose of enabling the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fesseuden] to take the floor, as he is about to
leave us, and gave notice yesterday of his desire to
address the Senate.
Mr. BRODfcEISAD. I think the debate is now
concluded. We are prepared to amend the reso-
lution according to the suggestion whicn has been
made, if an amendment is deemed necessary. I
hope that we shall now take the vote and that
the resolution will be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist on my motion to
postpone.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will be remem-
bered by the Senate, that on Monday last, during
the debate on the naval board, the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] felt himself called upon,
and justified in pronouncing a terrible condemna-
tion upon the character and conduct of Lieutenant
Bartlett. I think I shall be able to satisfy the
Senate, and the world, that injustice has been
done to that gentleman. I forbear doing so now,
because I desire to wait for some testimony which
is not in the city, but which I hope to have here
in the course of a few days. 1 make this declara-
tion for fear that,the silence of Lieutenant Bart-
lett and his friends may be construed into an
acquiescence in the justness of the charges which
have been preferred against him, and in order that
no injustice may inure from the delay. I merely
announce that I shall be prepared, in a few days,
to make such a vindication as I hope will satisfy
not only the Senate, but even the Senatoyfrora
Louisiana himself.
THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion by; Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 124)
to increase the efficiency of the United States
Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN spoke at length in regard
to our existing relations with England. _ His
speech will be published^hereafter, and will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I do not concur
with the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
in the disapprobation he has just expressed of
the discussion of our relations with England in
the Senate at this time. In my opinion this is
the very place, this and the other wing_ of the
Capitol, and this the very time, for looking our
difficulties with England m the face, with a view
to such measures as it may be proper to adopt.
The time has been when it was considered that
all matters relating to the intercourse of nations
should be confined to the cabinets of rulers and
statesmen, and that the people had nothing to do
but to submit quietly to the decision that they
might make; but that branch of the doctrine of
passive obedience has d isappeared, never to return.
We have got ahead of it, at least in this country;
and we now realize that all the interests involved
in our national affairs are the interests of the
people, and that it is our duty to throw upon
them all the light that is in our power. It is a
great mistake to suppose that there can be any
injury in making the American people acquainted
with the true state of their own affairs. We,
their agents here, as well as the Administration,
are responsible to them for the measures we may
adopt. Since the commencement of our Govern-
ment, these representative bodies have occupied
themselves with the conduct of foreign nations
affecting us, and a just cause gains strength by
frankness and by honest examination. And
especially is it our duty to pursue this course
when negotiations are interrupted and doubts are
thrown upon the future. This has been our con-
dition since the commencement of the present
session of Congress—a condition calling for a
searching examination. The Senator from Maine
is under an entire misapprehension when he sup-
poses that the inquiry may be injurious to exist-
ing negotiations. The President told us, in his
annual message, that he had little or no hope
of an amicable arrangement, and that in fact
the discussions were broken off. There is no
