1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
then were ready to be invoked to a new contest.
The jealousy of southern power and influence,
combining with the increased anti-slavery senti-
ment and party objects, threatened, once more,
to incite the North to a renewed effort to check
the further extension of slavery by prohibiting
its introduction into the newly-acquired Territo-
ries. ft is part of the history of the times that
the South in turn became excited by the appar-
ently determined purpose of the North to carry
out this policy.
Well, sir, in 1849,-'50, the anticipated storm
burst forth in Congress and every quarter of the
Union. The country was again thrown into
consternation by the threatening aspect of this
renewed controversy on the subject of slavery.
But, after a protracted struggle in both Houses of
Congress, this storm was hushed by the passage
of the compromise measures of 1850. A new and
more stringent fugitive slave law was enacted.
The slave trade in the District of. Columbia was
abolished. California, which had formed a con-
stitution without any authority from Congress,
and indeed without having any organized govern-
ment, was admitted into the Union as a free State.
Territorial governments were enacted for New
Mexico and Utah, in which slavery was prohib-
ited by the local law, without any provision on
that subject, except to authorize the inhabitants
to settle that question for themselves when they
should come to form State constitutions, prepar-
atory to their admission into the Union as States.
These measures, though generally satisfactory'
were not universally so. A respectable portion
of the South felt aggrieved by the causes which
•were supposed to have prevented California from
becoming a slave State. They felt that they had
suffered a defeat, and such was the fact. The
North succeeded in arresting the introduction .of
slavery into territory sufficient to form two or
three states, which the South might well have cal-
culated would be slave States. The triumph was
on the part of the Nor th, and was complete as far as
the question of slavery extension was concerned.
They regained all, or nearly all, they supposed
they had lost by the annexation of Texas.
I wish, sir, that there were more of my north-
ern countrymen present to hear what I say upon
this part of the subject. The South, in 1850, had
the same reason^or rather, much greater reason,
to look with apprehension upon the prospect of
a decided and permanent preponderance of the
power of the North, than the North could have
had in 1820, of the future ascendency of the
South, so far as the relative power and influence
of the two sections depended upon the number of
free and slave States. In 1820 the North looked
with earnest concern to the great number of slave
States which they supposed might be formed out
of the vast territory acquired from France. In
1850, by far the largest portion of that same ter-
ritory lpomed up to the vision of the South, with
the certainty that, in a few years, by the rapid
extinguishment of Indian title—the no less rapid
multiplication of newTerritories, extending even
to the shores of the Pacific, the North would
acquire an overwhelming preponderance. No
wonder that the South felt a little—nay, som«
sharp discontent, under their defeat in 1850; and let
gentlemen of the North who have taken so much
to heart the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
remember this in the day of their power. By the
repeal of that compromise, the South can have no
hope of deriving any compensation for the loss
of the large Territory of California except the
chance of one more slave State.
So much in explanation of the discontent in the
South with the compromise measures of 1850.
Some of the provisions of the fugitive slave law
were particularly offensive to a considerable por-
tion of the North, but the angry and resentful
passions engendered in the recent controversy,
both North and South, gradually subsided. Re- !
sistance to the fugitive slave law was successful
in two or three instances in the more fanatical
districts, but even that spirit soon stood rebuked
and paralyzed by the strong and general determ-
ination of the people of the North to acquiesce in,
and sustain it. The hope which had been indulged,
that agitation might be successfully renewed, by
insisting upon the repeal or modification of the
fugitive slave law, expired upon the cold recep-
New Series.—No. 50.
tion of the proposition to that effect in ■ the Sen-
ate, backed by a few petitions. It shared no
better fate in the House of Representatives; and
then, good men, who had feared that neither
Congress nor the country was ever to repose
from these broils, looked romnd upon each other,
with the exclamation plainly expressed in their
countenances, "How strange! and yet it is even
so! We have peace, and it promises to be per-
manent." The condition of all the Territories in
respect to slavery was then fixed and settled by
law, or by climate and soil. The old party issues
were said to be so far obsolete as to have lost
their vitality, and it was not uncommon to hear
the inquiry,'' What source of excitement remains
to stimulate to party activity?" In fact, they
were in danger of dying of inanition. Cuba was
more than whispered to supply this want, but the
suggestion did not meet with favor.
But a season of such delightful exemption from
sectional strife was destined to be of snort dura-
tion. At the very moment when the whole coun-
try breathed freer and deeper, in the confidence
that the slavery agitation had received its quietus
—a confidence strengthened by the public pledges
of both the great political parties, and the strong
assurances held out by the President in his inau-
gural address, and in ffis annual message, that
the repose which the country enjoyed should
receive no shock during his official term—unex-
pectedly, without the slightest presage in any
quarter of the political heavens of a coming event
of so much importance, the country was awak-
ened from its dream of tranquillity by the reopen-
ing of the slavery controversy in a form which
has had the effect of reviving all the angry and
-stormy passions of 1850, and which threaten to
become still more serious and disastrous in their
results.
A bill was brought forward in the Senate, ma-
tured, and, after a protracted discussion, was
passed through both Houses of Congress, estab-
lishing governments for the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas, containing, among other
provisions, a clause repealing the Missouri com-
promise, and giving to the inhabitants of the
Territories the exclusive power to establish and
regulate their dpmestic institutions, including
slavery.
I do not propose to review'the reasoning and
arguments urged either by the friends or oppo- j
nents of that measure, in its progress through
Congress. I simply propose to cite the princi-
ple of the measure, and to. show what has been
its practical operation.
The principle of popular sovereignty is simply
and substantially this: that the people of a Ter-
ritory, in virtue of their inherent right of self-
government, have the same exclusive power that
the people of a State have, to establish and regu-
late their domestic institutions as they shall think
proper, subject only to the limitations ot the Con-
stitution. This principle of popular sovereignty,:
connected, as it was in this case, with the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, was thought by its
friends to be of such transcendent importance,
that when the Nebraska bill passed the Senate,
at a late hour of the night of the Sd of March,
1854, the inhabitants of the national metropolis
were awakened from their slumbers by peal flfter
peal of deep-mouthed artillery, announcing the
glad tidings that the great principle of popular
sovereignty was triumphant; thatjustice was vin-
dicated by the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
that the reign of the Constitution would now be
restored; and that slavery agitation would return
no more to vex the land! As though some great
victory had crowned our arms over a public
enemy, as at Buena Vista, or Cerro Gordo
heights, the reverberations of the cannon had
scarcely ceased, when the same joyful tidings
were carried with electric speed in every quarter
of the Union.
I trust I may be permitted to say, without of-
fense, that, in the long tract of time, no example
can be found of a delusion, engendered in the
heat of controversy, more complete than that
which appears to have taken possession of the
minds of those who pressed the Nebraska bill to
its final passage through Congress.
Where, now, do we find the realization of those
pleasing and patriotic dreams which doubtless
inspired the authors of that measure? Where
the fulfillment of those confident assurances of
perpetual peace and concord so imposingly her-
alded forth to the country ? And echo answers,
Where!
Sir, what have we witnessed since we assem-
bled in this Hall last December ? The National
Legislature, for two whole months, paralyzed
^ and rendered wholly abortive for all the great
objects committed to it by the Constitution.
Meanwhile, the President announces to the pub-
lic that slavery agitation had reached such a point
of excitftion and peril to the institutions of the
country, that he felt it to be his duty to review
, the whole ground of the controversy in his annual
message, thus blazoning forth to Europe and the
| whole world, the lamentable truth of our dis-
I tracted condition and the internal jars which
threatened to unsettle our system.
Next came a proclamation warning all good
citizens to obey Ahe laws, and threatening with
punishment all disturbers of the public peace.
Close on the heels of this proclamation came
a special message to Congress, announcing that,
from official information received from Kansas,
the military power of the Union was required to
maintain the authorities of that Territory in the
execution of the laws; that purposes of rebellion
and treason were openly avowed; and calling
upon Congress to appropriate the means necessary
to support the troops engaged in this extraor-
dinary service.
Mr. President, there are two or three facts
or circumstances, which do appear among the
provisions of the Nebraska bill, which are of
some importance, to be noticed as illustrative of
its true bearing and import. One is, that when
the law was enacted, giving its sanction to the
principle of popular sovereignty, and repealing
the Missouri compromise, Kansas presented the
only field within the limits of the United States
for its operation. The strip of country on the
Texas boundary was of too small amount to be
taken into consideration; and after the western
boundary of Kansas shall be drawn in or con-
tracted within proper limits, on its admission as
a State, the sterile waste stretching westward
into the Rocky Mountains will hold out no in-
ducements to slavery, and the destiny in respect
to slavery of ail the remaining territory belong-
ing to the United States is fixed either by law or
compact, or by the unalterable circumstances of
soil and climate. Thus the eastern division of
Kansas practically and in fact furnishes the only
debatable ground upon which the North and the
South will be tempted to meet and contest the
question of slavery. Yes, sir, Kansas Territory
is the only debatable ground left for contestation
in the protracted struggle for political preponder-
ance between the North and tne South, so far as
that preponderance may be effected by the num-
ber of free and slave States; and, to the apprehen-
sions of the weak and superstitious, the selec-
tion of Kansas, a sort of neutral ground between
the colder regions of the North and the more
genial climes of the South, for the last great trial
of the relative strength of the two great sections
of the Union, upon the controverted question of
slavery, may appear ominous.
The first daring pioneers who penetrated the
great West were struck by the fact that, in all
that fine region, so richly endowed by nature—
now the State of Kentucky—they could find no
human habitation, no trace of civilization, not
even the fragile wigwam, or the humble patch of
Indian corn. The wilderness was so unbroken,
the desolation so complete, that it seemed, from
some inscrutable cause, to have been accursed and
forsaken, both ofGod and man. Butthe mystery
was solved upon meeting with some old Indian
warriors of the North. It was not, as might be
imagined, a common hunting-ground; but it had
been the ground, from a time reaching far back
into the mist of ages, upon which the powerful
and warlike tribes of the North, and the no less
powerful tribes of the South, had met in mortal
combat. It was the dark and bloody ground of
Indian tradition.
Another one of those ^circumstances, not ap-
pearing upon the face o'f the Kansas-Nebraska
fcill, to which I have alluded, is the fact, that, at
the time it passed, there were no white inhabitants
