1WQ.
THE C0NGRESSIONAOL <SWL0®E.
mistaking his language. Let-it-speak-for itself.
He said:
"There is, however, reason to apprehend that, with
Great BHtain in. the actual occupation of the disputed ter-
ritories,, and the treaty therefore practicaljy null, so far as
regards our rights, this international difficulty cannot long
remain undetermined, without involving in serious danger
the friendly relations which it is the interest as well as the
duty of both countries to cherish and preserve. It will
afford me sincere gratification, if future efforts shall result
in the success anticipated heretofore with more confidence
than the aspect of the case permits me now to'entertain."
Since the commcnccment of the session of the
English Parliament, the Clayton-B&lwer treaty
has been more than once the subject of discussion.
The views expressed by English statesmen, and
especially by members of the Ministry, are im-
portant to us, not merely as indications of their
opinions of the obligations of the treaty, but'as
foreshadowing the course the Government may
ultimately pursue. 'So far as the debates have
fallen under my observation, I think there is a
singular unanimity on the subject—a unanimity
inexplicable, when we look to the obvious objects
of that instrument and to the terms in which these
are provided for. I do not see that any eminent
public man has disavowed the construction of
Lord Clarendon; and Lord Derby, the head of
one branch of the Opposition, has certainly given
in his adhesion to it. It is said that, at a meeting
of the Opposition, " the Derbyites decided to sup-
port Palmerston, to rescue English honor from
republican insult." Brave words, these! To
deny that an agreement not to occupy actually
means to hold possession is an insult to English
honor. Lord Clarendon repeated his views,
maintaining the position he had previously as-
sumed. He said:
" I may state my entire concurrence in the view which
niy noble friend opposite has taken with respect to the set-
tlement of one of the points in dispute between the two
Governments. Jn my opinion there can be no doubt as to
the common-sense view of the obligations of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty; and yet it is upon the interpretation of that
treaty that a difference of opinion has arisen."
Lord Palmerston is equally explicit. Upon one
occasion, " in reference to the first subject of dif-
ference with America, he explained the treaty
of 1850, observing that its words were quite clear
and distinct. At the same time the American
Government wished to put a construction upon
it at variance with that originally intended."
Upon another occasion he said;
" It seems to me that the words of the treaty are plain,
and its meaning perfectly obvious, and I leally (lo not bee
that any other construction but that which we contend for
'can be put upon it."
Now, sir, there is neither hesitation nor equivo-
cation in this language. Upon these two mem-
bers of the British Ministry, more than upon any
or all the others, depends the position which Eng-
land will ultimately maintain in reference to this
treaty. One of them considers his construction
as the "common sense view," and the other that
its words are "quite clear and distinct," and "its
meaning perfectly obvious*," so much so, that
no "other construction can be put upon it."
And I observe that a recent arrival from England
has brought the following ominous paragraph in
a letter from an intelligent American,dated Lon-
don, March 12:
"The Cential American question, T fear, admits of no
other peaceful solution than the abrogation of the treaty, or
arbitration. I shall be more mistaken than I ever was in
my life, if the present or any succeeding Government of
Great Britain recedes from that which has become emphat-
ically British construction of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty."
The Senator from Maine told us the other day
that England would not go to war. There was
no hazard in making the prediction; for the cause
' of war is on our side, and not on her's. We have
executed the treaty faithfully, while she neglects
its provisions, and puts a construction upon its
terms which leaves her all her possessions. She
would have but little of that national shrewdness
which makes part of her character, if she made
any other trial upon our forbearance than by
holding on to what she has got. For almost
twenty years she impressed our seamen,captured
our vessels, and, by fictitious blockades shut us
out from the commerce of a large portion of the
world. But she did not add folly to injury, bhe
left us to do that, as she had no motive to do it
herself, while preying upon our commerce.
The question of war is one for us—not for Eng-
land. I shall not touch it at present. The Sen-
ator from Maine has looked at it in a utilitarian
point of view, applying the sort of-a calculation
to it which offsets- so much injury against so much
honor. Certainly, the failureof England to com-
ply with the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is injurious
to our interests. It is a palpable breach of faith,
as*the Senator himself admits. He «ays, indeed,
that ourpassage across is not interfered with, and
he thinks there is-no danger that it-will be. Sir,
no man can tell how far and how fast English
pretensions will travel. The Mosquito protect-
orate of to-tlay may be converted to-morrow into
the permanent control and possession of five hun-
dred miles of the coast of Central America, and
Roatan into another Gibraltar, commanding the
great bay of Honduras; and this coast and these
islands will become marine stations for cutting
off in due time our ocean communication with our
possessions upon the Pacific. British power has
always traveled onwards, starting from small be-
ginnings, but never relinquishing its object. But
there is a still more humiliating aspect in this
matter. It degrades us in the eyes of the world.
The British pretension by which the treaty is
construed, or rather set at nought, is so absurdly
unjust that it is difficult for us to submit to it
without drawing on ourselves the contempt of the
other Powers of the earth. Our national arrange-
ments would not be worth much should we suffer
this experiment upon our forbearance to be suc-
cessful.
It is undeniable that the prospect of an amica-
ble adjustment of the differences arising out of the
obligations of an instrument described as this is
by one of the parties, is not an encouraging one.
But let us inquire what is this "common-sense
view" and this "obvious meaning thus dogmati-
cally asserted?" 1 am not going, sir, to review
the details of this controversy. The American
side of it has been clearly and ably sustained by
the Secretary of Slate, and by IVIr. Buchanan;
and has been advocated and elucidated in this
body, and, I believe, to the entire satisfaction of
the American people, among whom it would be
difficult to find a dissenting opinion upon the sub-
ject. £ intend to confine myself to a brief analysis
of the terms of the treaty, and to an examination
of their import; and I propose then to contrast
these with the views of the British Government,
and the changes these have undergone, so far as
respects the reasons which have been urged from
time to time in support of their claims.
But, before doing so, I desire to advert to the
phases of this question as connected with the
dinners to Mr. Buchanan, and with the soft words
that occasionally proceed from men in high places
in England, and even from our arch-friend, the
London Times. These are the interludes that
come to diversify the profitable drama of viola-
tion and acquisition. And yet we are so dis- j
posed to humbuggery, that there are many among
us who persuade themselves that these are not
merely permanent signs of reconciliation, but
reconciliation itself. Polite attentions to our
Minister on the eve of his departure—and it is
a never-failing practice, and especially to a man
of Mr. Buchanan's courtesy ana honorable bear-
ing—and set phrases of not wanting war, and all
that thing, are offset against the construction ot
the treaty, and a resolute avowal to adhere to it,
to which we cannot submit without drawing
upon ourselves the obloquy of the world. Really,
sir, in all this we manifest but little knowledge,
I will not say of human nature, but of the cour-
tesies of life. When I see the first appearance
of giving away in this interpretation, accompa-
nied by those personal attentions and occasional
disavowals of offense, I shall begin to think that
justice is giving way to injustice in the English
mind, and that there is hope for the continuous
and amicable relations. Till then lot us hold on
to our cause.
The object of the parties of the treaty, as is
well known, was to rescue Central America from
the influence of either of them, which might be
converted to the injury of the otixer or of the
world. To effect this it provided that neither
party should " ever erect or maintain any fortifi-
cations commanding the same, [the ship canal,]
or in the vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify,
or colonize, or assume, or exercise any dominion
over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito const,
or any part of Central America." To simplify
the question I leave out of view the other pro-
visions, and shall confine this stipulation to the
engagement,, that neithenparty shall occupy anypavt
. of Central JlmeHea.
Not, sir, it is-diffioult to -see how-any doubt
can reasonably be cast upon these words; and
for myself [ am free to say that the effort of. the
British G-oveftiment to torture them from their
natural meaning, is an instance of bad faith with-
out example in .modern diplomatic history,,aid
more offensive even from its insult to our under-
standing than-from its attempted injury to-our
interests. The former is a graver cause of com-
plaint than the latter. We may abandon the
treaty and the country if we choose, but to -sur-
render to England the interpretation, and such an
interpretation, of this instrument, would be-an
act of self-stultification which would draw upon
us the contempt and contumely of Christendom,
which is watching us, and beginning, I will not
yet say, to look upon us with compassion, but
certainly with wonder. American diplomacy will
be a term of contempt if we suffer ourselves to
accept the construction of England, and abandon
the language of the convention.
Now, sir, the question is—and it is all the ques-
tion—what does a party mean which undertakes
to occupy a district of country? That is the
whole point in this controversy; and, to borrow
the expression of Lord Clarendon, let us inquire,
what is the common-sense view of it? There are
questions so clear, that it is difficult to make them
clearer, and this is one of them. To occupy,
says Johnson, in his treasure of philological learn-
ing, is to possess—to keep—to take up—to use.
To possess, to hold possession, is its primary
signification,and occupation necessarily includes
within itself the idea of possession; and, in fact,
they are convertible terms, testifying by that fact
their intimate relation. There was an illustration
employed by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] in his able and conclusive and patriotic
argument upon this subject, which places it in an
obvious point of view. He said, if a man has a
house with several stories, and occupies one of
them, and then engages that after a certain day
he will not occupy any part of the house, his en-
gagement admits of 110 doubt, and requires him
to abandon the whole building at the time stipu-
lated. And I have seen in the Now York Herald
a very lucky hit connected with this position, and
which illustrates it so happily that 1 am tempted
to quote it:
« Our position is eaeily illustrated: Farmer Jones agreed
to buv <1 horse fiom his neighbor Smith. But instead of a
lior-e Smith brought a mule; and suite Jones, who only
wants a horse, demurred to take the mule, Palmerstonian
Smith, (who, according to Ins own account of himself, w
the nio-.t honorable man in the world.) gravely pioposed to
leave the question to Jenkins, a Dutch tailor, who didn't
know the difference between the two animals. The sequel
of the stoiy runs that Jone-* refused the arbitration, and
Smith becoming insolent, lie Kickod linn out of stable.'*
The words of the treaty are unlimited, as we
say; but English "common sense" says they
are limited, and do not mean that England shall not
occupy any part of Central America, but thatshe
shall not occupy any part of it which she did not
occupy when the treaty was formed. No one
will deny, sir, not even the British Government,
that here is an interpretation which restricts the
natural and obvious import of the terms. What
reason is given for this interpretation? It will
be recollected that the treaty contained a joint dec-
laration, signed by the negotiators before the
ratification, declaring thnt it did not apply to
the British settlement in Honduras and the small
islands in its neighborhood known as its depend-
encies. We do not dispute the British claim to
these possessions, and for lour years they con-
stituted the only exception to the general terms
of the treaty, and that declaration the only reason
for their exemption. This is proved conclusively
by the action of the British Government and its
hio-h functionaries charged with the foreign de-
partment of its affairs, and with the duty ofgiving
legal advice on international questions. 1 shall
briefly advert to them.
1 The treaty before its ratification by the Sen
ate contained 110 provision excepting any British
possession from its operation, it was sent to
Fn^land, and there the Government became satis
fief that, unless there were some arrangement to
protect their Honduras settlement, it would be-
come necessary for them to abandon it, under the
stipulation that no part of the country should
-be occupied. It is impossible, under any othe.
