796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
construction of the arrangement, to assign a mo-
tive for their course. The treaty was returned;
and the British Minister here was instructed not
to exchange the ratifications, unless the American
Government would accompany them with a re-
nunciation as to these settlements. This we know
was done.
2. The second proof in this series is found in
the opinion of the Gtueen's Advocate, the English
legal adviser on questions of international obliga-
tions and law. He was called upon by Lord
Clarendon to give his opinion upon some of the
questions arising out of this treaty, and on the
15th April, 1853, he sent an answer, containing
these views:
" 1 understand Mr. Clayton also to assert, that by the
treaty Great Britain ' has abandoned all dominion in the
whole of Central America,5 which assertion xs hi my opin-
ion incorrect, and at variance with the fact at least, as re-
gards Belize and its dependencies, if indeed tills exception
was not intended by liim."
That the Q.ueen's Advocate was right in this
suggestion, and that the American negotiator in-
tended to except these possessions, is known to
all of us. With the treaty before him, it is not
saying much for the sagacity of this high law
officer, that he doubted for a moment what was
the intention of our commissioner. Words could
not make it plainer. The Gtueen's Advocate con-
troverts ' the pretension that Great Britain has
abandoned all Central America, adding the sig-
nificant words—at least as regards Belize anil Us
dependencies. There is no mistaking this lan-
guage. The only exception it puts forward is the
Belize and its dependencies. A learned advocate
of British claims, when arguing their indefinite
extension in Central America, would not thus
express himself: " We have not abandoned all
dominion there—at least as regards the Belize,
which I believe was excepted by the joint act of
the negotiators." This exception is of course the
result of the declaration annexed to the treaty;
for, if there were any other ground for it, such as
tho prospective or the relinquishing construction,
or any other equally ingenious, it would be as
applicable to all the British claims, and would
have been urged in their support.
3. But, in tile third place, we have the author-
ity of Lord Clarendon himself for this view of
the subject. He said, in a letter of May 27, 1853,
to Mr. Crampton:
" Rut Great Britain has nowhere in the treaty of 1850
renoulfted, nor ever Had any intention to renounce, the Hill
and absolute right which she possesses over Iter own lawful
temtoaesiri Central Ameiica,sueA as that destination u-as
distinctly understood, and declared by the negotiators of the
treaty."
Compare this language with the present claim,
and that claim is soon disposed of. There is not
in the treaty one word designating the British law-
ful possessions in Central Jlmenm, except the dec-
laration of the negotiators, and that declaration,
as we have seen, in confined to Honduras and its
dependencies. "Out of thine own mouth I con-
demn thee." And these views of the Ctueen's
Advocate and of Lord Clarendon are utterly in-
consistent with the present assumption, that the
British right of occupation is not restricted to the
possessions which the rider describes, but ex-
tends to any part of Central America where, rightly
or wrongly, formeily or recently, by peace or by
war, she may have obtained some kind of occu-
pation. For nearly four years this was the only
ground of exception urged by England to the
operation of the treaty.
On the 10th of January, 1854, another construc-
tion was presented by Lord Clarendon, which,
if established, is destined to have a most import-
ant influence upon the political destiny of Central
America, and perhaps to secure the ocean com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific pos-
sessions of this great Republic. Then, for the
first time'in the history of this controversy, he
advanced the pretension that the treaty was pros-
pective, and not retrospective, and did not require
England to abandon any of the possessions she
held at the ratification of the treaty. Mr. Buch-
anan says, as well he might, that he expressed
his astonishment at this pretension, then for the
first time advanced. What does this new canon
of interpretation mean ? Almost all treaties are
prospective—that is, they are to operate after
their formation. A mere retroactive treaty must
be confirmatory of something already passed;
for, if it requires action, that action necessarily
makes it prospective, or to operate in the future.
The distinction is an idle one m any inquiries into
the obligations of the parties. The true question
is, on what does this treaty operate ? And the true
answer is, that it operates on everything em-
braced in its terms, and not excepted from its stip-
ulations. And the provisions of no such instru-
ment can justly be narrowed by calling it pros-
pective. We contend as strenuously as England
can, that it is prospective, and requires each party
honestly to carry into effect its stipulations from
the da:e of its ratification. But, says the English
Government, in maintenance of their position,
"This treaty does notpreventusfrom occupation.
We promise, indeed, that we will never occupy
any part of the country, but we mean quite
another thing; we mean that we will hold on to
all we have got,but that we will notget anymore;
and that is only retrospective operation, which
the treaty permits."
Well, sir, this process of escape from the obli-
gations of the convention, however ingeniously
contrived, was not deemed sufficient, and, a year
and a half after its introduction, Lord Clarendon
changed his tactics, and opened a cannonade in
another quarter. He then maintained, in a letter
to Mr. Buchanan of September 28, 1855, that, as
this engagement not to occupy any part of Cen-
tral America was not accompanied with a specific
renunciation on the part of Great Britain of her
possessions and of her rights, (if she had any,)
such renunciation would not have been left as a
more matter of inference, and consequently the
promise not to occupy is void for I lie want of a
declaration that Great Britain would eive up what
she could not hold without violating her promise
and her honor. Where Lord Clarendon finds
this rule of interpretation, by which a party may
violate his solemn promise to do a specific act,
unless it is accompanied with an engagement to
do another act, necessarily included in tho first,
and forming indeed part of it, I do not know, and,
as he does not tell us, it were useless to inquire.
All lie says upon the subject is, that this con-
struction " is in conformity with what the-under-
signed believes to be the universal rule in regard
to instruments of this nature." For myself I
know of no such principle established, either by
the practice of nations, or by the dictum of a
jurist; and its injustice, absurdity indeed, is such,
that it would require a very transcendental au-
thority to give it a binding force in the very face
of a positive and formal contract, and thus destroy
its effect.
I refer to pretension, not because it is entitled
to any weight in the discussion, but because it is
a marked feature in the progress of the British
demand, being the third reason offered for the
permanent occupation of a country solemnly
promised not to he occupied, with the single ex-
ception of the declaration provided for In the
treaty. What further progress is before us in
this career of diplomatic astuteness, and how
many more reasons are to be tendered, instead
of an honest fulfillment of the obligations, I do
not pretend to conjecture. It is obvious that the
retention of tho country is a foregone conclusion;
and from time to time, as subtile political casuists
can invent excuses, I suppose these will assume
their places in the battle of words, and be urged
with all due gravity and with every external ap-
pearance of earnestness, till the correspondence
is terminated by conviction and concession, or
by resistance.
As the great political and commercial interests
attached to that magnificent region are coming
more prominently forward to the public observa-
tion, and exciting the attention of nations, the
desire to hold on to it becomes the more intense
in the English heart; and as the motives for the
retention are more powerful the reasons to justify
it are received with the more favor. Why, sir,
the suspicion of the construction now contended
for would have left the projected treaty without a
friend in the United States. It would have found
no advocate out of the Senate, no supporters within
it. And the distinguished negotiator who occupies
a seat amongst us would have been- with the very
first to disavow and abandon such an attempt to
commit the faith of the United States to an en-
gagement conceding everything and securing
nothing. Every principle of mutual equality is
destroyed by this interpretation. Even the Lon-
don Times, prejudiced as it is against us and our i
cause, does not deny this injustice. It says with
truth and force:
" We do not intend to offer any opinion on the subject
but we may remark that it was a most extraordmaiy omis-
sion of the English plenipotentiary, while using words so
wide and comprehensive, not to have saved, by an express
proviso, the existing interests: it is not wonderful that the
Americans, when renouncing all right of interference in
Central America, should have expected a similar conces-
sion from Great Britain."
This view is not only powerfully urged on the
ground of that national equality which can never
be abandoned without dishonor, but is a direct
admission that the pretensicyis brought forward,
that the treaty operates prospectively, or, in other
words, does not operate at all upon existing
possessions, and that these are not relinquished
because there can be no relinquishment without
express terms, are utterly void, and, of course,
unworthily urged; for, if they were entitled to
weight, they would save the British possessions,
however " wide and comprehensive" the words,
from the operation of the treaty, and the British
negotiator would little deserve the rebuke he here
receives.
-A few remarks in further illustration of some
of the topics adverted to, and I will trespass no
longer upon the patience of the Senate.
A promise not to occupy, nor hold possession,
is a promise operating from the date of the agree-
ment, whether national or individual. As I have
said, it is prospective as to time, but unlimited in
its application, unless restricted by the terms of
the compact. Here is no restriction except as
regards the Belize and its dependencies. With
that exception the words are " wide and compre-
hensive," and embrace the whole of Central
America within their operation. Wo act of com-
mission or of omission can be honestly done or
left undone, which is inconsistent with this
promise not to occupy any part of the country;
and of course it includes within itself an engage-
ment to abandon every claim or right not fairly
reconcilable with the terms of the compact. If
England should promise France that she would
never hereafter occupy, nor assume, nor exercise
jurisdiction in any of the islands of the Mediter-
ranean, is there a single reasonable man to be
found who will deny that the terms of this en-
gagement would require England to abandon her
insular possessions in that sea, simply because
she could not hold them, and at the same time
fulfill her promise not to occupy them? Do you
think, sir, that such an experiment as this would
be made upon France, and that Malta and the
Ionian Islands would be held in the face of these
wide and comprehensive words ? When I see it,
I shall believe that the present pretension is not
an insult designed to try the forbearance of this
country.
As to this pretext of the necessity of an express
relinquishment, it is little better than pettifogging
upon a great scale. The assumption is unworthy
of a statesman, having no just foundation in rea-
son, in principle, nor in precedent. The right of
acquisition is a right as undeniable as that of oc-
cupation; and I know no reason why an express
relinquishment of the former is not as necessary
as the latter. If, by an engagementnot to occupy,
the party does not surrender his right of posses-
sion, I do not see how he surrenders the right of
acquisition. The answer in both cases is the
same. You have promised to do an act equally
inconsistent with occupation and acquisition, and
you have, therefore, bound yourself neither to
hold your present territory nor to acquire terri-
tory m the future. Look, sir, at the other words
in this treaty. Neither party is to assume nor
exercise any dominion in Central America. If
these terms are prospective, as it is called, that is,
apply only to future dominion, what rational
effect can be given to them ? Dominion is neither
to be assumed nor exercised; that is, dominion
can neither be acquired hereafter nor exercised
where it now exists. There is no other possible
construction which will give any reasonable effect
to these words; and they, of course, require the
relinquishment of existing jurisdiction, not less
than the abandonment of all efforts hereafter to
extend it.
Mr. BUTLER. The distinct question before
the Senate, I believe is, as to an appropriation of
money for fortifications.
The PRESIDENT. The bill under consider-
ation is a bill to increase the efficiency of ths
