186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—JSlr. Bell.
Senate.
in Kansas, except a few officers and soldiers of
the Army; hut last, and notofthe least importance
to be noticed, is the fact that, after the passage of
that measure, and at the same session of Congress,
the provisions of the act of 1841 were extended to
the Territory of Kansas, by which a quarter sec-
tion of land at the minimum price was secured to
the settlers, in order to encourage emigration.
Thus the passion of cupidity, and the land spcc-
lating mania, were superadded to fanatic zeal, in
preparing Kansas as the theater for the exhibi-
tion of scenes of turbulence and bloo^hed, un-
paralleled in the history of the country. Mr.
President, I do not wish to say anything that can
be considered offensive; but I must say, that I do
not know any way in which I can so well illustrate
the true character and tendency of the organic
law of Kansas, as by comparing it to the prelim-
inary arrangements which usually attend the
sports of the ring. Without any far-fetched anal-
ogy, that law may be said toTiave inaugurated a
great national prize-fight. The ample lists were
regularly marked out—they were the boundaries
of Kansas. The two great sections of the Union,
the North and the South, were to furnish the cham-
pions and be their backers. The prize of victory
was to be a slave State or. the one side and a free
State on the other. But as the victory was to be
decided by the number of the champions, to
encourage theirenlistmentand prompt attendance,
the prize of a choice quarter section of land, at
the minimum price, was to be awarded to the
champions on both sides.
When we consider that the champions on both
sides of this great national contest were deeply
imbued, for the most part, with adverse princi-
ples, sentiments, and prejudices, on the subject of
slavery, excited and inflamed almost to frenzy by
recent and violent agitation; and that the innab- j
itants of the western counties of Missouri would '
naturally become sensitive and excited in the
highest degree by the prospect of a free State on
their borders,—it is not extravagant to assert
that, had the most inventive genius of the age
been called upon for a scheme of policy com-
biningall the elements of slavery agitation in such
a manner as to insure the greatest amount of
disorder, personal and neighborhood feuds, bor-
der disturbance, and bloodshed, in Kansas, and
leading, at the same time, to permanent sectional
alienation, he could not have succeeded better
than by adopting the provisions of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill.
I freely acquit the authors and supporters of
that measvlre of any intention or design to bring
upon the country the deplorable consequences
which have followed the adoption of it. I re-
garded it from the first, as the fruit of hasty and 1
unripe counsels; and 1 desire to present the con- j
sequences, so far as they are yet developed, in a 1
strong light, in no vainglorious spirit, or to set
forth a claim on my part to any superior sagacity,
for I did not foresee one half the evils which have
already flowed from that measure; but I desire
to hold it up to the country as a great and in-
structive lesson in congressional legislation. I
wish to hold it up as a perpetual memento, warn-
ing our successors of the danger attending the
adoption of suddenly-conceived and ill-considered
enterprises in national legislation. I have another
purpose in presenting, in as vivid colors as I am
able, the mischiefs which have attended the Ne-
braska bill. The first thrilling scenes only of
the drama got up by that ill-starred measure have
been enacted before us; what may yet be exhib-
ited—what the closing scenes may be, is veiled ]
from our view; but we hold in our hands the key ;
to the whole performance. We can drop the j
curtain now, if we please, and avert the catas-
trophe which is foreshadowed. '
Mr. President, I do not propose to go into any
inquiry as to the true character or extent of the !
outrages alleged to have been committed, either
by the pro-slavery or the free-State party in Kan-
sas, or by the citizens of Missouri, upon the rights '
of the settlers in that Territory. I appreciate°and"
understand the interests and feelings of the people
of Missouri, their sensitiveness, and the appre- !
hensions which they may justly have of the con- !
sequences of a free State on their western border \
—having free States already on their eastern and
northern boundaries—but too well, not to be pre-!
pared to concede a great deal to them; and I would
therefore not be surprised to find that they have
committed many of the wrongs which have been
charged against them; nor am I, on the other
hand, prepared to denounce, in unmeasured terms,
the getting up of the Emigrant Aid Society, and
the employment of associated capital to secure the
ascendency of the free-State settlers in Kansas;
thus combining the two most powerful incentives
to human action—cupidity and fanatic zeal.
I can well understand now the strong anti-sla-
very sentiment at the North may have been so far
excited and inflamed by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, as to have led to the adoption of
extraordinary modes of redressing what tliey con-
sidered a grievance. It has been said that the
proceedings of that society have been the source
of all the violations of law and other outrages
committed in Kansas. While I ascribe no such
importance to those proceedings, I think it an
unwise and unfortunate association; and I'haveno
doubt that it contributed to swell and aggravate
disorders, which were inevitable from other causes.
The knowledge that the machinery of a great
moneyed corporation was about to be put in mo-
tion in the East to secure the speedy settlement
of Kansas by anti-slasery emigrants, naturally
led to counter-associations on the part of the peo-
ple of Missouri, and an equally determined pur-
pose to maintain the ascendency of the pro-slavery
settlers. 'And when the competition—the contest
for the establishment of a free State on the one
side, and a slave State on the other, assumed this
complexion, neither party would be likely to
weigh with scruples the propriety of the means
to be resorted to in the further progress of it.
One excess committed would naturally lead tb
another, until both parties were prepared for the
greatest extremes. The people of Missouri,
any more than the emigrants from the North, or
ourselves, are not angels.
In a private conversation with my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] some months ago, upon
the subject of the Kansas difficulty, he reminded
me that some of the citizens of Missouri who
were denounced as border ruffians were emigrants
from Tennessee. I doubt it not; and I will say
further, that had I been a citizen of western
Missouri, afld had been credibly informed of the
vaunting and boasting avowals of their purposes,
said to nave been made by some of the first com-
panies sent out by the emigrant aid society,
threatening that they would first clear Kansas of
every vestige of slavery, and then expel it from
Missouri, I have but little doubt that I should
have earned the character of a border ruffian,
either as principal or accessory; and so, on the
other hand, had I been conscientiously opposed
to slavery, and settled in Kansas with a View to
better my condition, and had witnessed the out-
rages said to have been committed by the people
of Missouri on the rights of the free-State inhab-
itants, and had I felt my neck galled by the yoke
of a usurped government, and had lost all hope
of relief from any quarter—if resistance to such
oppression be treason, so help me God, I would
have been a4traitor.
For the same reasons which have restrained me
from going in to any inquiry as to the nature and ex-
tent of the excesses of any kind committed in Kan-
sas, I shall not discuss the question which has been
raised as to whether laws enacted by a Legislature,
whose members were elected under the circum-
stances brought to our notice, have any validity
or binding authority? I assume, upon general
principles, that in Kansas, as in every other com-
munity, even a bad or viciously constructed gov-
ernment is better than anarchy, or no government
at all; and that the laws, however oppressive or
tyrannical, must be obeyed until they are declared
to be invalid by the judicial tribunals, or changed
through the ballot-box.
There is one other remedy in the hands of a
people, when oppression becomes intolerable,
and that is revolution. Thfit is a resort justified
in extreme cases, upon an American principle,
sanctioned by the practice, and consecrated by
the blood, of our ancestors; but it should be re-
membered, that this right of revolution, like some
other abstract rights, can only be asserted at the
hazard of being condemned and punished as
rebels. But I dismiss those considerations.
The past is beyond our control. It is the pres-
ent condition of Kansas, what it may lead to,
and how we may control the future, that claims
our attention.
The affairs of Kansas have reached such an
extreme phase as to imperatively demand the
direct interposition of Congress. If we do our
duty, we must look the whole subject, with all its
complications, in the face. If the bill now before
the Senate does not provide the proper remedy,
we must devise and adopt some other measure.'
What is the nature of the contest in Kansas at
the present moment? Is it to vindicate the right
of self-government? Does any one imagine that
either party is seeking to illustrate or carry out
the principle of popular sovereignty? Doubtless
some of the first emigrants to Kansas, whatever
may have been their opinions or sentiments on
the subject of slavery, were disposed to submit
quietly to the decision of that question at the
ballot-box, and they did not dream that any means
wouFd be resorted to to control that decision,
except such as were orderly and peaceful; but
that time is past—that delusion is past.
It would oe scarcely any exaggeration to say,
that a fierce hand to hand contest is now go-
ing on in Kansas for the establishment of a slave
State on one side and a free State on the other;
but the contest is not confined to the settlers—it
.extends to the whole Union. The North and
the South, according to the prevalent bent of
their sentiments on the subject of slavery, sym-
pathize with the contending parties in Kansas,
and are fast becoming the real and potential par-
ties in the contest. Both parties in Kansas in-
voke their brethren of their respective sections,
by inflammatory appeals and manifestoes, to come
to their rescue, and they are responded to by
extraordinary efforts to recruit and send forward
companies of emigrants. In the mean time, mu-
tual recriminations and exciting reports and
[speeches continue to go forth from Congress,
which cannot fail to kindle angry passions in
both sections. Peace and order-loving citizens
1 are deterred from emigrating to a Territory
; where they can have no security either for life
1 or property, and none emigrate to Kansas but
heated and determined partisans who are pre-
pared to encounter the worst that may happen.
Where, sir, is all this to end ? N
Am I to be told that, since the President has de-
termined to increase the military force in Kansas,
there will be no further hostile collisions or blood-
shed ? Sir, months ago, when authority was first
given by the President to Governor Shannon, to
call to his aid the military force of the United
I States then at Fort Leavenworth, we were told
' that there would be no further disturbances; but
we have been disappointed. The disorders have
rather increased than diminished since that time.
It may be that there will be no more unauthorized
military arrays on either side; but will-that cure
the evil ? Every settler in Kansas now goes
armed, and preparfed for sudden conflict; and does
I any one suppose that any future emigrant to that
Territory will fail to equip himself fully with the
means of self-defense. Does any one suppose
that there will be no more secretassociations, no
longer-any system of intimidation kept up, no
longer any use for the bowie-knife, revolver, or
Sharpe's rifles?
Again, I ask where is all this to end? Can
1 quiet ever be established' in Kansas unless one
party or the other is driven out by force, or shall
voluntarily abandon the contest, or until Con-
gress shall adopt some measure to end the contro-
, versy ?
And, sir, what forbids that we should now
adopt some measure, with provisions so fair and
just in all respects, that it cannot fail to miti-
gate, if it cannot remove altogether, existing
evils, and in the shortest period consistent with
this spirit of fairness and justice, bring the whole
matter in controversy to a close, by admitting
Kansas into the Union as a State. Do this, and
j we may leave the issues in the hands of a higher
Power. . , . .
I I am aware, sir, of the obstacle Mrhich exists in
i the minds of many of the supporters of the Ne-
i braska bill in yielding their assent to any such
measure as I have suggested. It is the principle
I of non-intervention—the principle of popular sov-
