182£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
this floor from the non-slaveholding States, who
believed in their consciences that the Missouri
compromise was a violation of the Constitution,
and although they did not feel called upon to
propose its repeal, they would have been com-
pelled, when the question was presented to them
of pei^ctuating or repealing it, in justice to their
consciences, to vote for its repeal, as much as
against its original enactment. Thus, you per-
ceive it would have been passed without the aid
of the chairman-of the Committee on Territories.
"But, sir, it is due to that distinguished Senator
to say that, when this proposition was made by
.Mr. Dixon, the chairman rose and stated that he
understood the bill reported to be the same pre-
cisely in its effect as the proposed amendment.
It was so understood by all the compromise men
of the South at least. We claimed it as a
legitimate result from the compromise measures;
but than he was asked, "If it has that effect, why
not expressly say so in the bill?" He had no
alternative. The question was presented to him,
and he was compelled to take the one side or the
other. He did take the right side, as I think;
and although I may be considered as attempting
to take from him some of thecreditof originating
this measure, I say the blame that has been
heaped on him has been unjust, and every man
who voted for it is as much to blame as the
chairman, if any blame is to be attached to the
act.
The President has been abused and denounced
throughout the whole North, until men believe,
as firmly as if it were true, that the President
was to blame in this matter. Why, sir, we
passed the law, and sent it to him, and forced
him either to approve or veto it. He did not
originate the measure; and, though I cannot
undertake to speak for him, I presume he never
dreamt or heard of the intention of the Senator
from Kentucky to introduce the proposition which
was brought forward here for our action. When
the question was presented to him he was com-
pelled to takcrofie side or the other, and, like the
Senator from Illinois, he took, as I think, the
right side of the question—the only side that
any unprejudiced man who is willing to do unto
others as lie would have others do unto him
would take. Now, permit me to say, in regard
to the course pursued by the chairman of the
committee, that, although he did not originate
this measure, the ability with which he sustained
and supported it, and aided in carrying it through,
entitles him to the everlasting gratitude, not of
the southern people, for I deny and repudiate
the idea of its being a southern or a- northern
question, but the gratitude of the lovers of right
and freedom throughout the world, or, at least,
in the United States.
Sir, it is the greatest mistake in the world to
suppose that this agitation is purely for the benefit
of the southern people. The Senator who has
just taken his seat [Mr. ITalk] says he is main-
taining the rights of the people of New England,
of the A nglo-Saxon racc, of white people. Why,
sir, he ia trying to deprive them of their rights,
and wc are trying to maintain their rights. We
are saying that northern people when they go to
a Territory have a right to establish slavery if
they think proper, and Congress has no right to
prevent them doing so. We say the same thing
as to the South. It is altogether a mistake to
suppose that we are contending purely for the
rights of tin: South. We are contending for the
rights of the North as well as of the South. We
contend for the right of the people who may
think proper to go to a Territory, whether from
the North or South, to establish just such institu-
tions as they may think proper. That is the whole
fact of the case; and is it not astonishing that so
much excitement can be got up in the country,
growing out of so plain and simple a matter?
But it is said that there was a great violation
of public faith tn the repeal of a law passed by
Congress m regard to a Territory that had no
white inhabitant in it, and was not destined to
have one for a third of a century from that time,
though that repeal was necessary in order to allow
the peeple to say what their institutions should
^be. A mere legislative act, it is said, was a com-
promise ! What kind of a compromise? Aggres-
sion on the one side, and concession on the other.
That is the whole of it. If I were to consume
an hour I could not make it more clear. Missouri
hgd a right to come into the Union. There was
no consideration given; there was no compromise;
it was a mere legislative act which the same Con-
gress, and every Congress from that day to this,
had a right to repeal. There is nothing in that
to produce an excited state of feeling and blood-
shed; but it is owing to a diseased state of the
public mind in reference to this subject. If this
had not occurred, other things would have oc-
curred to make the same excitement; there is no
auestion about it. I need only refer to the fact,
tnat a slight personal difficulty between two men
can excite one whole section of the Confederacy
almost to madness. When such a state of feel-
ing exists, charge not to any one cause the evils
which now rage in the land.
It was not my purpose to make more than a
few remarks on this subject; but I did believe
that great injustice had been done to the Presi-
dent of the United States and the chairman of the
Committee on Territories; I did helieve that I,
together with every other member of this body,
who voted for the act of 1852, should be held
equally responsible. If it be wrong, I -think the
responsibility should rest on all who voted for it.
You should not select the mere organ of the body,
the chairman of its committee, and heap on him
the abuse that has been piled on him. Why not
pour it out oil all of us who are equally responsi-
ble for the act?
I have said, sir, that there was a misapprehen-
sion in reference to the character of this struggle.
Instead of contending exclusively for the rights
of the South to carry slaves into this Territory,
I again repeat, we are contending for the rights
of the North as well as of the South. There are
now, or were in 1850, when the census was taken,
over seven thousand persons born in the non-
slaveholdrtig States, residing in the slaveholding
States. I have known many of those persons,
and I have never known a single individual, what-
ever might have been his prejudices at home
against the institution of slavery, who, when he
went to the South where it existed, and saw its
practical effect on the country, and saw the bless-
ings of the relation of master and servant, and
came to mihzu that the man who treated his slave
best was his beat friend, did not make use of the
first money ho got, sufficient for the purpose, to
buy a slave as his family servant. There may
be exceptions; of course 1 do not know anything
like one half, or one fourth, or even a hundredth
part, perhaps, of those living in the South who,
were born in the North; but there is no exception,
within my knowledge, to this rule. I take it for
granted, that those left behind are of the same char-
acter; and those who have emigrated to Kansas
are the same character of men. I undertake to
predict now—it is a matter of opinion, and every
mail isentith-d to his opinion; I judge of the future
by the past, under similar circumstances—that
if Kansas should be established as a slaveholding
State, nine tenths of those sent out by the emi-
grant aid societies, and others, for the purpose of
making it a free State, will spend the first money
they have, after they become settled there, for a
slave. They will contend as long as possible,
gerhaps; but after it becomes a slaveholding
tato, the very first money they get—pcihaps the
very money given them by the aid society—will
be laid out in the purchase of negroes as family
servants to wait on them. I have no doubt of it.
ThoVnost ultra and extreme men we have in the
South, the most tenacious, in reference to the
^rights of the south, are from the non-slavehold-
ing States.
Now, sir, as to the bill itself, I do not know
whether I shall finally vote for it or not. I shall
listen patiently to the discussion, and make up
my mind. I have some objections to it. My most
serious object'on is, as to the danger of the pre-
cedent of admitting a State into the Union before
she has sufficient population to defray the neces-
sary expenses of a State government, and to
entitle her to a Representative on the floor of the
other House. In fact, I would much prefer to see
a new doctrine inaugurated—that a Territory
should have a population at least sufficient for
two members, before being admitted as a State. I
am aware that there are peculiar circumstances
surrounding us in this case. There were peculiar
circumstances surrounding the Congress of 18:20,
which induced them to adopt a measure that
would not have been adopted under other circum-
stances. These precedents become dangerous*.
Whether, under the pressure of circumstances, I
shall vote for this bill, in order to save the coun-
try from what appears to be a very serious diffi-
culty, I have not yet determined in my own mind.
I have not the hope of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that the passage of any measure here
will settle this difficulty, to the extent that he
believes; nor the election of any man as President;
nor anything within human compass, unless by
directing public attention to some more exciting
question. That is the only resort in which I
should have confidence for settling this agitating
subject.
When I see the people so misled as I perceive
that the northern people are, by their papers talk-
ing about the aggressions of the South and remain-
ing uncontradicted, I am not astonished at the
state of public feeling which exists there. " Ag-
gressions of the South!" What aggressions?
Simply to ask of the Congress of the United
States, and of the people of the United States, to
be let alone. The South only asks that the
northern States shall deal with her as she has
dealt, and still intends to deal, with the people of
the non-slaveholding States. This is all we have
ever asked, and all we ever intend to ask. Out
of that simple, and, as would appear to me, most
reasonable desire to be let alone, you see the ex-
citement and the cry of oppiession of the slave-*
holders! Why, sir, m some of the non-slave-
holding States, they really feel that they are
oppressed by the slaveholders; but that has been
so aptlyilluatrated by my friend from Kentucky
to-day, that 1 shall not consume the time of the
Senate upon it.
Mr. CUITTEN'DEN. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi will be adopt-
ed. It will lie remembered that so far as the peo-
ple of this Toiritoiy could manifest any opinion
on the subject, they have by their Topeka con-
stitution's it is called, shown thou* will that none
but natural born or naturalized citizens of the
United States should enjoy the right of suffrage
there. The original bill, as proposed to us by tho
Senator from Georgia, confines the right of suf-
frage to the same class of voters—citizens of the
United States, either natural born or naturalized.
To them the right of suffrage properly and ex-
clusively belongs. Why we should be reaching
out a hand to foreigncis to get in their votes, I
cannot conceive.
The motion of the Senator from Mississippi,
as I understand it, is simply to strike out the
clause m the eleventh section, which extend1? the
right of suffrage to those who have merely declared
their intention to become citizens of the United
States. Why, sir, a declaration gives them no
more right than is possessed by a foreigner who
has made no such declaration at all. 1 doubt
whether the Congress of the United States can
constitutionally confer on any but a citizen the
right of suffrage. It is "we the people of'the
United States" who made this Constitution, and
all its general provisions have in view the exer-
cise of the rights of government, so far as the
people are concerned, by the people of the United
States. But I will not go into that matter. It is
unnecessary to debate any disputed constitutional
doctunes on this subject. Our true policy is to
confine to the citizens of the United States the
right of suffrage. I am unwilling to extend it
beyond that class.
Sir, the right of suffrage is the great organic
power by which this Government, in all itr de-
partments, is moved and exercised; and if we mean
to continue it as a republican, American form of
Government, it is a species of sacrilege to give
the right to vote, and by that means to control the
Government of this country, to any other than
American citizens. This right is the scepter,
the crown, of the citizen of the United States,
and I will not take it from his brow, nor suffer it
to be done, if I can prevent it, to be placed on
the brow of any one else. Let him be my fellow-
citizen, whether by birth or by adoption, accord-
ing to the laws of my country. To him belongs
this right, and to him it shall be confined, so far
as my action can affect it. I hope the amend-
ment will prevail. I do not intend to enlarge on
this subject, or to waste the time of the Senate in
debating it.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.
