1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
HOUSE OF REPRESENT ATI YES.
Tuesday, July 1, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Deak, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbbry Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that that body had passed a resolution
and bills of the following titles; in "which lie was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution to enable the Secretary of State to
pay to certain clerks in the Department of State
the same compensation as lias been paid to the
clerks of the same grade in the other Executive
Departments;
An act authorizing the issue of an additional
number of stand of arms for the use of the State
of California;
An act for the relief of Richard W. Meade; and
An act to extend the charter of the President
and Directors of the Fiieman's Insurance Com-
pany of Washington and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the motion submitted yesterday by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Air. Goode,] to
reconsider the vote by which the hill for the
admission of the State of Kansas into the Union
was rejected by the House.
Mr. GOODE. I rise for the purpose of with-
drawing that motion.
Mr. BARCLAY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I propose this morning to submit* the
motion to this House to reconsider the bill of the
House, (No. 181,) which was lost on yesterday,
providing for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union. I will say, in connection with
this subject, that my vote yesterday went to
indicate my preference for the proposition made
by the gentleman from Georgia above all others.
I now submit the motion to reconsider, for the
purpose of giving expression to the sentiments
which I entertain upon the "subjcct. 1 believe
that the people of any Territory of the Union
have a legal and inalienable right to assemble,
and frame a constitution and State government,
without the authority of Congress.
The SPEAKER. With the leave of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, the Choir will state the
question to the House. The gentleman moves
to reconsider the vote by which, on yesterday,
the House rejected the .bill for the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State.
Mr. BARCLAY. I wish to indicate by this
motion—though I prefer, as I have already said,
the mode of settlement submitted in the other
branch of Cougiess, and shall cordially vole for
it when it comes up here for action—that I believe
in this doctrine—that the formation of territorial
governments is an assumption without any con-
stitutional authority; but that the people going
into the Territories have a perfect and clear right
to form their own governments, and to either
admit or exclude slavery, and the right to frame
any system they see fit for their own regulation,
provided it be not inconsistent with public mo-
rality.
My motioti i  made with another purpose. In-
dictments have been found, in Kansas, against
men from my own State. For what? For treason,
sir! I wish to express my disapprobation, by
this measure, of that, proceeding. Indeed, I have
been informed that there is a tarrant in the hands
of the marshal of this District for the arrest of a
distinguished and honorable gentleman of my
State. He is a law-abiding man, yet he is to be
arrested for treason. And I wish to say to this
House, to the people of the country, and to the
people of Kansas, that I look on that whole pro-
ceeding as the most farcical and absurd the world
ever witnessed. I desire to evince a decided dis-
sent to that course of proceeding'. So far as I am
concerned, I am disposed to grant to the people
of Kansas all their constitutional rights, and I
wish to have them protected in those rights. _
It is for these specific purposes, Mr. Speaker,
that I make the motion to reconsider. I again
express mv decided preference for the plan of
settlement of this question, proposed in the Sen-
ate on yesterday. If itreaches this House I shall
coidially vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, it is much to
be regretted, in questions creating so much ex-
citement in this House, that, after they have been
got through with, some gentleman can always
be found who can be reached by influences not
known to the rest of us. Ft is indeed very much
to be regretted that, after we have passed through
the excitement of a contest like the one of yester-
day, there should be those who hang on to the
skirts of a party in such emergencies, and who
can be reached by persuasion, or in some other
way, and that, too, when they have had every
opportunity thoroughly to understand the ques-
tion before it was taken and decided by solemn
vote.
Mr. BARCLAY. I have not heard what the
gentleman has said. Will he be kind enough to
repeat it ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot repeat it—my health
will not permit me to do so. In what I have said in
relation to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
have notimpeached his integrity. With thatitis
not my purpose to deal. I have only intended
to express my astonishment and regret that his
mind was not made up previous to tile final vote
on yesteiday,so that this straggle, which has cre-
ated so much excitement, not only in this House,
but all over the country, should have been finally
and definitely settled. While 1 do not propose to
question the gentleman's integrity, yet I do not
understand why or how it is that there should
be brought to bear on the gentleman's intellect
and judgment—for they alone were reached—•
influences to convince him that the vote of yes-
terday was one on which he could not stand—
one that did meet the approval of his judgment.
I propose at present to show, sir, that the
course he now asks the House to pursue will not
accomplish the objcct he says he has in view.
The gentleman telis us that he is still opposed to
the Top^kn constitution—I so understand him—■
that he is in favor of the proposition submitted
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
which was m the nature of instructions, and re-
jected by a vote of the House on j ester Jay, after
having been amend'-d on motion of th: gentleman
from Indiana, [Sir. Duxx ] Now. I say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania—and I beg him to
consider well the point I make to him—that the
most effectual and certain way to defeat the prop-
osition for which he professes so much favor and
regard, is to reopen the agitation of yesterday,
and adopt the Topeka constitution.
Reconsider the vote of yesterday, bring again
before the House the bill which adopts the con-
stitution of the Topeka convention—one made
not in pursuance of law, but in direct conflict
with the organic law of the Territory, and I
should like the gentleman to tell us what oppor-
tunity Ave shall have then to adopt the proposi-
tion which he favors, and for which he says he
will vote at any time? Now, it may be that I
may meet the gentleman on the proposition of
the gentleman from Georgia. I will do much to
settle this agitation and quiet the country. I want
to examine that plan of settlement. It may be
that the conservative men of the two Houses of
Congress, and of the country, will meet together
on it. If the gentleman at heart sincerely desires
what he states he does—and it is not my
province to question his sincerity—I appeal to
him—I appeal to him by every consideration that
ought to influence a statesman and a patriot, not
onlv here but everywhere—to let us close up
tins exciting question, and hush it up forever.
The present"course of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will open up the agitation, and furnish
the most ample opportunity for the exercise of
those mischievous influences which naturally
arise amid political excitement and turmoil.
In view of these consequences, 1 again appeal
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania not to per-
sist in a motion, the result of which is not only
calculated to keep up sectional cxcitemcnt and
agitation, which all good men desire to sec sup-
pressed, but the very result of the proposition
made by him must be—though I am sure he does
not design it—to defeat the proposition for which
he professes, and I have no doubt sincerely, an
attachment—I mean the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Geoigia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. Speaker, I am a member of the Commit-
tee on Territories, and I regret that circumstances
have occurred that have prevented me ffttm pay-
ing any attention to the matters before that com-
mittee. This is one of the bills that have been
reported to the House by that committee, and I
have had no agency in it, and could not have had.
I desired very much, in the early part of the ses-
sion, knowing that this proposition would come
before that committee, to examine it, and talje
part in its investigation and consideration. Cir-
cumstances have placed it out of my power to do
so.f I make this remark now, in order that those
who are not so well acquainted with my condi-
tion, may understand the reasons why I, as a
member of the Committee on Territories, have
not entered into the investigation of this subject—
have not made or signed any minority report. I
came here yesterday for the first time for some
ten days, expressly to vote upon this bill; and I
had hoped that, the bill having been disposed.of,
that disposition would be final, and that the ex-
citement consequent upon its agitation would sub-
side. Afterwards, if a majority of this Houss
desired it, we might then take up the proposition
of the gentleman from Georgia, and test the sense
of the House upon it. I now move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for the
veas and nays upon that question.
Mr. BARCLAY. I wish the privilege of mak-
ing a fojv remarks in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. BARCLAY. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw his motion, in order
that I may say something in reply to what lie
has said.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw it if I can
retain the floor until the gentleman has made hia
remarks.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to any farming
out of the floor.
The SPEAKER. .If the House will consent,
the Chair will consider the gentleman from Ala-
bama as entitled to the floor when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania shall have concluded his re-
marks.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 hope that, after what has
been said by the gentleman from Alabama, my
colleague will be heard.
Mr. KEITT. I object to anything out of or-
der.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope my friend from South
Carolina will allow me to pursue the course I have
suggested;" because m that way, if I have done
any injustice to the gentleman fromPennsylvania,
he can put himself right. I have intended to do
him no injustice.
Mr. KEITT. Well, at the request of my
friends on this side of the House, I will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. BARCLAY. I wish to state to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that perhaps he does not
yet know me. If he had paid attention to my
course since I have been in this House, he would
have had no reason to be surprised. 1 have uni-
formly, in every vote that I have cast in this
House, done it witB aconscientious sense of duty.
I voted for the investigating committee to go to
Kansas, because I wished to know authoritatively
whether the reports which had been circulated
through the country, of outrages inthatTemtory,
were true or not. I thought it became this Housa
to investigate that matter, and to know just how
the facts were. I do not doubt that free-State
men in Kansas have committed depredations, and
have, in some rcspccts, gone beyond what they
should have done. But I say that, under such
outrages as we know have been committed upon
them, they would have been more than human if
they had not resisted.
With respect to the influences which the gen-
tleman speaks of as having been brought to bear
upon me, I tell the gentleman that I am neither
intimidated by the lash nor under any influences
outside of my conscicntious convictions of duty
that could be brought to bear upon me.
I make this motion honestly. I make it be-,
cause I intend that my voice shall be raised
against the outrages in Kansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama if the defeat of this bill, as
it now stands, would not be construed as equiv-
alent to a declaration On the part of the House
