1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Belt.
Senate.
ereignty, which they suppose will be violated by
anymterference by Congress, to cure the evils and
abuses which have arisen in the practical operation
of those principles in Kansas. I am at a loss to
see how it would be any violation of those prin-
ciples to require and provide that they shall be
carried out fairly ana according to their true
spirit. But, if it were so, shall we jeopard the
peace of the whole country by an obstinate
adherence to new-born and speculative principles?
And suppose those principles, as recognized in
the Nebraska bill, and in their application to
the Territory of Kansas, should remain undis-
turbed, of what value will they be in future?
Will they be established by that experiment ?
If there is any one of those theoretic or spec-
ulative problems which might have been pro-
pounded at an early period of the Government,
as to what would be the practical operation of
our system under the Constitution, which has
been so far solved by experience as to be reduced
to an axiom or maxim, it is, that no question of-
constitutional power, of the class called con-
structive powers, involving any great political
party or other interest, can ever be settled or
established by any number of congressional en-
actments—no, not even by repeated judicial decis-
ions. The idea, that stability can be given to the
decisions of Congress upon such questions, is
founded upon the false hypothesis, that the great
material interests of the country, the public exi-
gencies, party combinations and interests, pop-
ular opinions and sentiments, remain the same at
all times, without change or fluctuation.
The history of the Government for the last
sixty years furnishes many memorable examples
of the soundness of this position. Allow me to
refer to a few of them. The question of the
power of Congress to establish a bank was one
of the very first questions of this class which
arose; and, after the fullest consideration by
Congress, a United States Bank was chartered for
twenty years. At the close of that term, in 1811,
Congress refused to renew the charter for the
want of power. In 1816 a new bank was char-
tered for another term of twenty years; and in
1836 Congress again decided that no power was
f ranted by the Constitution to charter a bank,
n the mean time, the Supreme Court of the
United States, by repeated decisions, sustained the
power; and, sir, there can be n6 doubt that, when
the public exigencies demand it, another United
States bank will be chartered. Then, there was the
question of the constitutional power of Congress
to enact a protective tariff. One of the earliest acts
of Congress clearly recognized the power, and it
was not questioned for a quarter of a century;
but at a later period this power was so vigorously,
if not successfully, assailed, that it now stands
upon a sort of half-way ground, or a compromise
between direct and incidental protection. I may
also add the question of the power of Congress
to improve the great rivers of the interior, and
the lake harbors, the decisions upon which have
fluctuated with almost every change of admin-
istration for the last thirty years.
Then, sir, may I not refer to the slavery re-
striction act of 1820, the repeal of which laid the
groundwork of all these Kansas difficulties?
That act stood upon the statute-book for upwards
of thirty years undisturbed, and yet the power of
Congress to pass it has lately been successfully
questioned.
I remember but a single one of the early de-
cisions of Congress upon a question of consti-
tutional construction of any great importance,
which has stood the test oCtime. I allude to the
power of the President to remove the civil officers
of the Government without cause, and without
the authority or consent of the Senate, or with-
out the authority of law; and even that decision
has been contested in an able argument by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs] at the pre-
sent session of Congress. How it has happened
that the decision of Congress upon that question
has not been subject to the usual fluctuating, I
will not now undertake to explain; but I will
merely refer to the pregnant fact, that the great
political parties of the country, whether in or
out of power, have the Same powerful interest
in maintaining this power in the President. It
in fact, however ua/ortunate it may be
for the country, become the very life-blood of
parties.
Sir, if other proofs were wanting besides those
I have referred to to support the position, that
questions of constructive powers can never be
permanently settled, I need only allude to the
; right claimed by General Jackson, when Presi-
dent, to reverse all prior decisions both of
1 Congress and of the Supreme Court, and, in the
exercise of executive functions, to construe the
' , Constitution by the light of his own understand-
ing. The country sustained him. How are we,
then, after the experience of sixty years to the
countrary, to expect to establish permanently a
[ principle dependent upon a constructive power
ji of the Constitution, especially in relation to a
subject so exciting as that of slavery ? As well
attempt to chain up the wind, or direct the path
of the hurricane.
Mr. President, I have attempted to show that
no solid advantage can be derived to the country
by insisting upon a strict observance of the prin-
ciple of non-intervention and popular sovereignty,
as a preventive of all future controversies upon
the subject of slavery; but I fear that I have not
yet probed the seat of the disease of the times, or
the most formidable obstacle which lies in the
way of a speedy termination of the Kansas diffi-
culties. The signs of the times indicate but too
clearly that party interests and combinations,
now, as always, more or less blind to the public
welfare when it conflicts with the acquisition of
power, have become extensively committed to
the prolongation of the existing excitemcnt and
agitation, and they threaten to assert their usual
superiority of control. The programme of the
approaching presidential canvass marks out, dis-
tinctly enough, the slavery4ssues as the exclusive
ground of controversy, and furnishing all the
necessary weapons of political warfare. One
great party has planted itself upon the principles
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and proclaimed
through a hundred channels, for more than
twelve months past, that the support of those
principles presents the only true test of party ad-
hesion, and that all other questions are of no
significance or value in comparison to them;
while another party which has become formidable
of late, joyfully accepts the issue thus presented,
in the hopeful expectation of victory, if not in
November next, at all events in the next ensuing
trial of their strength.
Within the last eighteen or twenty months, an
extraordinary effort has been made to organize a
national party, upon a principle having no con-
nection with the subject of slavery, which those
who conceived and put its machinery in operation
supposed had sufficient vital force in every section
of the Union to insure its unity, and, while it migh t
not put aside all other questions, yet had strength
enough to subordinate and control them; but it re-
mains to be seen, whether the disturbing question
of slavery may not render that movement abortive.
Should that be the fate of this third party, then,
unless some effective measure shall be offered for
composing the strife in Kansas, by one of the
two great parties which are committed to the
slavery issues as the basis of the presidential
campaign, so fair and reasonable as to make it
dangerous to the other to reject it—the oountry
will soon find itself on the verge of a precipice.
"Whatever deviation may now exist from a distinct
geographical line, in the present composition of
parties, each day will find them approximating
more and more closely to a purely sectional organ-
ization. When that result shall appear, then we
may know that one step has been taken in a fatal
direction, and that but one more will remain to
be taken, until we shall be plunged into the vor-
tex of revolution.
But what imparts the deepest concern in con-
templating the present political condition of the
country, is the apprehension that the prospects—
present and future—of the several parties are
liable to be so materially affected by the sudden
subsidence of all excitemant, that a general
though unconscious interest may be-felt in keep-
ing open this bleeding wound of Kansas for an
indefinite period.
Mr. President, I claim to be no purer or more
patriotic in the motives which control my course
upon this subject than my brother Senators, J
claim no exemption from the influence*!—thi
prejudices, if you please—of party association
and interests; but is it fit that we should suffor-
the present dissensions to continue? Is it fit and
becoming the wisdom and patriotism of Congress
to suffer the issues connectcd with the Territory
of Kansas to continue to be the sole, or uven
principal, grounds of party organizations and
divisions, if, by any practicable and constitutional
exercise of the powers of Congress, a state of
| things so pernicious and destructive to the gen-
eral welfare of the country can be averted ? I
invoke all pa(rties represented in this Chamber to
consider whether there are not many subjects of
the greatest public concern demanding the earnest
attention of the National Legislature, at the
earliest moment of release from the incubus—the
thraldom of this slavery controversy.
Amid this eternal din of sectional strife, what
hope can be indulged that the proper attention
can be given ttJ a revision of tne tariff, or our
revenue system; to a remedy for the existing
plethora of the Treasury, so temptingly and
mischievously leading to a further increase of
the public expenditures, already grown four-
fold in amount since the close of Mr. Adams's
Administration ? While all eyes continue to be
directed to Kansas, and all our solicitude is ab-
sorbed by the slavery controversy, what prospect
is held out for the adoption of some judicious
system to secure the safe navigation of the great
rivers and lakes of the West? Then, sir, we
have laid the-foundation of a great republican
empire on the shores of the Pacific, which we are
bound by duty and in self-defense to hold and
protect—a vast region, separated from us" by
deserts and mountain ranges, which require to be
overcome by art before we can be in a condition
to do either, in the contingency of war. Those
possessions open the way to the trade of the
gorgeous East of the Old World, whose riches,
in times past, controlled the fortunes of mighty
empires. Yet, we can scarcely be said to have
i taken the first step to realize advantages so tempt-
' ingly held out to our grasp. All these great sub-
jects are thrust aside and neglected, and must con-
tinue to be so as long as the parties of the country
. are fashioned and controlled by this slavery con-
troversy. 4
Mr. President, there is another subject which
demands the early attention of Congress, but
which cannot be wisely disposed of until these
sectional broils shall cease to engross the public
thought—I allude to the strong feeling of dis-
content and dissatisfaction which exists in the
country with the policy of the Government in the
indiscriminate encouragement held out to foreign
immigration. This current of feeling doubtless'
had its origin in the gross abuses of the natural-
ization laws; and however we may differ as to the
merits or demerits of the machinery which has
been employed to give effect to it, yet I doubt if
there is a single member of the Senate who would
not acknowledge, upon a proper occasion, that
some stringent measure of reform is called for
upon this subject. The honorable member from
Missouri [Mr. Geyer] told us that the disorders
and scenes of bloodshed in Kansas have not
exceeded, or even equaled, those which have
occurred in some of the large cities between the
natives and foreigners. That may be true; but
justice to the American party requires that it
should be stated, that scenes of riot and blood-
shed between the native citizens and the foreign
population preceded and provoked the organiza-
tion of this new party; and above all, it should
be borne in mind that the strife in the one case
is national, and in the other sectional. But what-
ever may be the difference in the origin of these
classes of internal disturbances and discord, none
will deny that the public welfare imperatively
demands that both shall bg speedily terminated.
Mr. President, I have much more to say upon
this most important subject; but I feel that I
ought, in the exhausted condition of Senators,
to bring my remarks to a close. I acknowledge
an utter want of ability to grasp even in my own
thoughts, much less to present to the minds of
others, the measureless consequences wrapped up
in the present question. To portray in clear and
vivid colors an (idcrjuate representation of those
consequences, ranging far and wide as they do,
