1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
United States' Army. It is commonly called the
three million bill.
Mr. BUTLER. It is my duty to say some-
thing on this question, for it is universally re-
garded throughout the United States, wherever
it is mentioned, as a war question. I desire to
speak on its war aspect at the proper time.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the Senator from
South Carolina will yield the floor, I desire to
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the question which was under consideration at
the adjournment yesterday. The hour is late, but
I feel it to be my duty to ask that that subject
shall be taken up.
The PRESIDENT. "What disposition does
the Senator propose to make of this bill ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move that it be
postponed till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Barclay, one of their clerks, announced
that they had passed a bill to repeal part of an act
entitled, "An act to provide for the safe keeping
of the acts, records, and seals of the United States,
and for other purposes."
INDIAN DISTURBANCES.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R., No. 203) making.ap-
propriations for restoring and maintaining the
peaceable disposition of the Indian tribes on the
Pacific, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and, on motion by Mr. Fitz-
patrick, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PORTS OP DELIVERY.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Commerce
have directed me to report back without amend-
ment, House bill (No. 64) constituting the cities
of Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports
of delivery. It is a bill important to the people
of Missouri and Illinois, and I am satisfied that
on the mere reading of it the Senate will agree to
pass it. I therefore ask that it may now be acted
upon.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to make Hannibal and Pe-
oria ports of delivery within the collection district
of New Orleans, subject to the same rules, regu-
lations, and restrictions as other ports of delivery
in the United States, and entitled to all the privi-
leges and facilities afforded by the act of Congress
nf March 2, 1831, entitled "An aet allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into Pitts-
burg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Lou-
is, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid :
at these places. . j
The bill was reported to the Senate without >
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a |
third time, and passed. 1
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
On motion by Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Iverson on the 29th of
February. ,
Explanations were made in regard to the speech
yesterday delivered by Mr. Clayton, by Messrs. (
BELL of Teunessee, PRATT, BUTLER, and
CLAYTON, and the further consideration of the j i
subject was postponed till to-morrow. j i
[These explanations will be found with the <
debate, in the Appendix.]
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 2, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of y esterday was read and approved.
CONSTRUCTION OF GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. WALKER. I ask leave of the House to
introduce a resolution of inquiry and reference.
It is a matter of considerable importance.
The Clerk read the resolution for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the. Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire ami report whether, where entries have
been made on the public lands under the act entitled " An
aet to graduate and reduce the price of public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators," approved August 4,1854,
the titles of the persons so entering tire not complete.
Mr. WALKER. I beg leave to make one re-
mark in reference to that resolution. It is known
to many members on this floor that, since the
passage of the act of 1854, many millions of acres
have been entered. Within a short time past,
the Secretary of the Interior has issued a circular
to the registers and receivers of land offices, con-
taining instructions requiring them to demand the
production of new proof. I state that as a reason
for offering this resolution. I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SNEED. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion for a moment. I merely wish
to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion in
order to enable the gentleman from Tennessee to
effect his object. _ .
Mr. SNEED. I desire to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice has been given, simply for
vo Ca ncp
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr LANE. I ask leave to introduce, and have
printed and referred to the proper committees,
memorials of the Legislative Assembly of Ore-
gon Territory.
Mr. SNEED. The motion to suspend the rules
was withdrawn for my benefit, for the introduc-
tion of a bill.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the gen-
tleman from Ohio to yield the floor for the bene-
fit of any spccial member he may select. The
gentleman from Oregon asks leave to present cer-
tain memorials, which he has indicated, for refer-
ence only.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no objection to
withdraw the motion for that purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. Having objected to the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Alabama, I feel
bound to object here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I renew the motion
to suspend the rules, and go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stewart
and King were appointed. j
The House was divided; and the tellers report- |
ed—ayes 82, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mace in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the President's annual message, on
which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Smith! was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to yield the floor this morning, m
order that we may take up some of the appropri-
ation bills which have passed the House, and
which have been returned from the Senate with
amendments. I desire to say to him that, after
to-morrow I expect to be' necessarily absent for
awhile; and I will not again, for some time, ask
to trespass on the indulgence of the House. After
the committee again resumes the consideration of
the President's message, the gentleman will be
entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield
the floor?
Mr. SMITH. I do not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely ask him to yield
! the floor on the President's message, and let the
| committee take up the appropriation bills, which
< it is important to have passed.
■ Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
! man from Ohio if the bills to which he alludes
have been printed ? .
Mr. CAMPBELL. They are all printed.
There are three bills which I have no doubt we
may be able to finish to-day; certainly by to-mor-
row. They are the pension appropriation bill,
the Military Academy bill, and the deficiency
bill. The first two have only a few amendments,
in all of which the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence. They can
be disposed of in a very short time; and I think
that, perhaps, we may close up the deficiency
bill too. That will then give the House a clear
way for other business till the 15th instant.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to ask whether, if I give
way at the present time, a vote will not first have
to be taken before the appropriation bills can be
taken up, the committee being now considering
the President's message ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman yields
the floor now, there is no doubt that he will be
entitled to it when the committee takes up again
the consideration of the President's message.
Mr. SMITH. I do not wish to place myself
—nor will I—in opposition to the business of the
House, particularly in the passage of the appro-
priation bills, and for that purpose I will yield
the floor, and let the gentleman from Ohio make
the motion, although I would prefer proceeding
with my remarks this morning.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Tennessee, as circumstances of a
peculiar character require my absence from this
city for some time. I now move that the com-
mittee take up the amendments of the Senate to
the pension bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee thereupon proceeded to the
•l .* . (* .L ^ I. . 1 1 «1%A XT I l\T A 7M I
consideration of the bill of the House (No. 70)
making appropriations for thepaymentof invalid
and other pensions of the United States, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto.
The first amendment was to insert in line thirty-
four, first section, as follows:
For paym" of pensions of invalids who were wounded
on board of private aimed vessels during the last war with
Great Rritain, in addition to the uncxpendedbalance of
foinier appiopriations for the same object, $1,357.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended a non-concur-
rence in that amendment. I can state in a word,
without an unnecessary consumption of the time
of the House, the reason why they have made
that recommendation. The committee are not
apprised of any law in existence upon which the
appropriation is founded^ By the act of 1812 it
was provided that two per cent, of the pnze
money should be set apart for the purpose of
creating a fund, which should be paid to those ,
who were disabled in the privateer service. 1 hat
fund has long since been exhausted. It was
provided by the law of 1813 or 1814 expressly,
that no money should be paid out of the Treasuiy
of the United States for this purpose^ It is true
that acts have been passed since that time appro-
priating money for this purpose, but I bebeve
none since 1844. For these reasons the commit-
tee of Way3 and Means have recommended a
non-concurrence. .
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The second amendment proposes to insert at
the end of the bill as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlni he it further enacted That any moneys ap-
propriated by the act of the 31 st of May,,1854, to supply^de-
ticiencies foi the fiscal year ending the 30th of June of that
vear, and by the second section of the act of tho ~8tn ot
Februaiy, 1855, making appropriations for the payment ot
pensions applicable to the payment of pen-ions of invalids
who weie wounded on board of private armed vessels
durin" the last war with Great Britain, not required under
the provisions thereof, may be applied to the same purpose
subsequent to the 30th of June, 1855, it being hereby pro-
vided, that pensions to invalids thus wounded shall bo paid
from moneys in the Treasuiy nf the OllltecIS'®'®8'™ the
same manner, upon appropt lations made, or to be mode, aa
other pensions for naval or military service.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
renco m this amendment. The committee will
observe that it is dependent upon the other amend-
ment which the committee have just rejected.
The other is the appropriation based upon this,
and I suppose, ofcourse.it Will bo non-concurred
113 Mr. BENSON. I would like to inquire whether
the Committtee of Ways and Means have recom-
j mended a non-concurrence in this amendment
upon the ground that it makes a change m the law
| of the land, and therefore is not proper to be
I made in a general appropriation bill >
