APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
63
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Appropriations.
p. Gaines^ 'assembled at St. Louis, Missouri, in the
months of May and June of that year, with the view of
being mustered into the service of the United States, in
the same manner as if the said companies had been reg-
ularly received into the said service $663 78
By the act to reimburse the State of Vermont the
expenses incurred by her in paying her Militia,
called out in eighteen hundred and thirty-eight
and eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, to pre-
serve the neutrality of the country.
For the amount expended by said State in paying and sub-
sisting her militia called out to preserve the neutrality of
the United States, then involved in the troubles on the
Canada frontier     $4 009 18
By the act for the improvement of the Naviga-
tion of the Patapsco river, and to render the
Port of Baltimore accessible to war steamers
of the United States.
For deepening the channel of the Patapsco river, and in
rendering the port of Baltimore accessible, to the steam
frigates and other war vessels of the United States,
$100,000 00
By the act making appropriations for the Naval
service for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers,
and seamen, including the engineer corps of the Navy,
$3,421,718 00
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers, and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to vessels for sea service, 840,450 00
For increase, repair3 armament, and equipment
of the navy, including the wear and tear of
vessels m commission, fuel for steamers, and
purchase of hemp for the Navy 2,799,500 00
For ordnance and oidnance stores and small-
arms, including incidental expenses 221,000 00
For contingent expense^ that may accrue for the
following purposes, viz: freight and transporta-
tion, punting and stationery, advertising in
newbpapers, books, maps, models, and diaw-
ings, purchase and repair of fire-engines and
machmeiy, repairs of and attending to steam-
engines m navy-yards, purchase and mainte-
nance of horses and oxen, and drawing teams,
carts, timber-wheels, and the purchase and
repairs of workmen's tools, postage of public
letters, fuel, oil, and candles, for navy-yards
and shote stations, pay of watchmen and inci-
dental labor, not chargeable to any other appro-
priation, transportation to and labor attending
the delivery of provisions and stores on foreign
stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, travel -
ing expenses of officers and others under oiders,
funeral expenses, store and office rent, sta-
tioneiy, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to
Navy agents and storekeepers, flags, awnings,
and packing-boxes, premiums and other ex-
penses of recruiting, apprehending deserters,
per diem pay to persons attending courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, and other seivices
authorized t>y law, pay to judges-advocate,
pilotage and towage of vessels and assistance
to vessels in distress, bills of health, and quar-
antine expenses of vessels of the United States
Navy in foreign ports   859,750 00
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to publish
the charts of the explorations of La Plata nver,
and the charts of the surveys of the Behring'a
Straits expedition  28,286 00
Marine Corps.
For pay of the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers,"musicians, and privates, clerks, messen-
gers, stewards, and seivants, for rations and
clothing for seivants, subsistence and addi-
tional rations for five years' service of officers,
for undrawn clothing and rations, bounties for
reenli-stments, and pay for unexpired terms of
previous scrvice   323,233 94
For provisions for marines seiving on shore.... 40,934 75
For clothing  55,264 00
For fuel  G2
For military stores, repairs of arms, pay of arm-
orer, for aecouterments, ordnance stores, flags,
drums, fifes, and musical instruments  9,000 00
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting   12,0Uu 00
For the erection and completion of marine bar-
racks at Brooklyn, New York .  96,000 00
For the election and completion of marine bar-
racks atPensacoia, Florida  60,000 00
For repairs of barracks, and rent of temporary
barracks and offices    8,000 00
For contingencies, viz: ft eight, ferriage, cartage,
and wharfage, compensation to judges-advo-
cate, per diem for atttending courts-martial and
courts of inquiry, for constant labor, house
rent in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased
marines, printing, stationery, postage, appre-
hension of deserters, oil, candles, gas, forage,
straw, fuiniture, bed sacks, spader, shovels,
axes, picks, carpenters' tools, keep of ahorse
for a messenger, pay of matron, -washer-wo-
1 man, and porter at the hospital hcadquaiteis,
>tnd for the budding of two eisterns at head-
purler-.,,.    «><VW J
Nayy-Yards.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs of the several
navy-yards, vis:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For competing launching ways of ship-house
numberfour; pitch-house; tools for machinists
and smiths; timber slip; dredging; fences;
completing the extension of ship-house nuna
berfour; repairs of all kinds   ,,$78,000 00
Boston.
For stone wall and filling around machine shop,
battery, and ordnance quay; paving; pile
wharf; gas pipes and burners for yard and offi-
cers' quarters; cleaning out timber dock ;
braiding machine; fittings for hide cutter; bob-
bins for rope-walk; and strop gauging machine
for block-shop; dry-dock engines, (deficien-
cy;) completing shear-wharf; engine for gun-
carriage shop; steam-pump for watering ships;
and for repairs of all kinds     ....321,350 00
New York.
For building and completing store-house; build-
ing and completing coal-house; extending quay
wall; launching ways in ship-houses D and E;
dredging channels; repairs of cob wharf; dry-
dock paving and flagging; permanent fixtures
for heating saw mill; impioveinent of new • •
purchase for site of marine barracks, and piling
for the same ; if necessary, filling low places;
completing water-pipes; lightning conductors;
extending sewers; completing steammg-house
and machinery; completing oakum picking
machine, and engine for the same; stable for
commandant's horse; and for repaus of all
kinds 421,422 00
For deficiency for castings for engme-liouse.... 1,466 58
Philadelphia.
For steam-house and stoves; dredging channels;
repairs of dock, basin, and railway ; building
and completing guard-houses; building and
completing offices; and repairs of all kinds... 64,520 00
Washington.
For completing extension of boiler shop; com-
pleting conversion of old ordnance to machine-
shop; timber &hed; pavements, diains, and
gutters; grading and filing; dredging; exten-
sion of non foundery; machinery and tools;
and for repairs of all kinds ..2^1,088 00
For completing lepairs nf brass foundery, de-
stroyed by fiie   5,550 00
Norfolk.
For grading and diaimng; iron railway and cars;
dredging; continuing quay wall; timber land-
ing and slip at saw-ihill; masting shears; en-
gines, tools, cianes, and lighters ; completing
and extending saw-null; and for repairs of all
kinds   • • .206,500 00
Pensacola.
For completing permanent wharf, deep basin,
and dredging; completing rail tracks; complet-
ing lemoval of bunken caisson; complet-
ing extension of giamte wharf; dredging and
piers m fiont of basin ; mast shears; kitchen
to ordinary quarters; repairs of dock, basui
and railway; completing wharves,paint-shop,
lightning conductors ; and for repairs of all
kinds... H7,944 00
San Francisco.
For four houses for officers; steam-box; pitch
kettles ; wharf, with stone wall; jaw-mill; ar -
tesian well; grading ; completing smithery,
tamers' shop and timber shed, store-hou e, and
wharf..   ••••     323,000 00
Hospitals.
For the construction and completion o? works,
and for current repairs of the several naval
hospitals:
Boston.
For building and completing surgeon's house,
and for repaiis of all kinds    16,750 00
New York.
For brick building; machinery, and fixtures for
warming and ventilating hospital; for filling
and grading cemctcry; repairs of laboratory
buildings; repairs of all kinds.......... 20,6o0 00
Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.
For painting and repauingmam budding, govern-
ors, and surgeon's houses; iron railing for
southwest wall: repairs of furnaces, giates,
furniture; cleaning and whitewashing; gas;
water-rent; and miscellaneous lepairs  8,900 00
Norfolk.
For repairs of all kinds     6,000 00
Pensacola.
For wall around burial ground ; steam-boilei ;
pump and reservoir; draining and filling
ponds; jand fot- general repairs  la.ooo uu
Magazines.
For the constiuction and completion of works.
and for the current vepaiis at the eeveial
naval magazine*:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For ordnance building, shell-house for loaded
shells, gun-skids, and shot bed©   .$40,000 00
Boston.
For repairs of all kinds......................... 1,000 Ofo
New York.
For altering gunner's to store-house, shot beds,
skids, powder-boat, dredging, and repairs of — u
allkinds      16,000 00
Washington.
For building and completing iron shed for ord- -
nance purposes..   22,000 00
Norfolk.
For repairs of wall at Fort Norfolk, shot beds,
gun-skids and crane, new machinery and tools, 11,000 00
Pensacola.
For brick wall around shell-house, and for cur-
rent repairs     2,600 00
For pay for superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the several
navy-yards and stations   125,788 00
For purchase of nautical instruments required
for the use of the Navy, for repairs of the same,
and also of astronomical instruments; and for
the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same, 20,000 00
For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydrographical surveys, and astronomical ob-
servations  15,000 00
For continuing the publication of the series of
wind and current charts, and for defraying all
the expenses connected therewith  18,000 00
For models, drawings, and copying, postage,
freight, and transportation ; for working lith-
ographic press, including chemicals; for keep-
ing grounds in order; for fuel and lights, and
for ail other contingent expenses of the United
States Naval Observatory and hydrographical
office.....    12,000 00
For the wages of persons employed at the United
States Naval Observatory and hydrographical
office, viz : one lithographer, one instrument
maker, two watchmen, and one porter  3,160 00
For erection, improvement, and repairs of build-
ings and grounds, and support of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, Maryland  39,595 22
For preparing the American Nautical Almanac, 25,732 &4
For Stevens's war steamer  86,717 84
For completing basin and railway at the navy-
yard at San Francisco 305,000 00
For completing coal depot at Key West, Florida, 25,000 00
$11,285,045 59
By the act for continuing the improvement of the
Des Moines Rapids, in the Mississippi river.
For continuing the impiovemeat of the Des Moines rapids,
m the Mississippi river $200,000 00
By the act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian Tribes, for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-seven.
For the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, viz:
For the pay ot superintendents of Indian affairs, and of the
several Indian agents, per acts of 5th June, eighteen hun-
dred and fiftv, twenty-eighth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, twenty-seventh February, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, thud Maich, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fiftj'-four, and
third March, eighteen hundred and fitty-five, 15,000 00
For the payoftheseveial Indian suh-agents,per
act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four * $10,500 00
For the pay of cleik to superintendent at St.
Loui«, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six  1,200 00
For the pav of clerk to superintendent m Califor-
nia, per act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two  2,500 00
For presents to Indian*       5,000 00
For provisions for Indians.   11,800 00
For building*; at agencies and repai's thereof.... 10,000 00
Forcontmgencies'ofthe Indian department..,. 36,500 00
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tubes:
Black foot Nation.
For first often installments as annuity, to be ex-
pended in the puichase of &uch goods, pro-
visions, and other ^iselul aiticle&, as the
President, at hfc discretion, may from time to
time determine, per ninth aiticle of the treaty
of seventeenth October, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five    20,000 00
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuities in goods and provision"  17,000 00
For fiit-t of ten installments, as annuity,'to be ex-
pended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in
educating their children, and promoting civil-
ization and Christianity, at the discretion of the
President, per tenth article of the treaty of
seventeenth of October, eighteen hundred and
ftfy.fire    15,000 00
