mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
that all the indictments for high treason which
have been found in that Territory are proper,
legal,and right? Certainly, I am convinced upon
rejection that it would be so construed, and for
that reason I make the motion.
"Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman answer me a
question ?
Mr. BARCLAY. I will.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania what he expects to ac-
complish by*the reconsideration, so far as the bill
itself is concerned? If I understand his position,
it is this: that he moves the reconsideration, not
with a view of passing the bill, but simply with
a *iew of getting an expression of opinion from
this House as to certain indictments in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas?
Mr. BARCLAY. The gentleman will under-
stand me. I move for a reconsideration of the vote
rejecting this bill; and I intend, if it is reconsid-
ered, to vote for its passage, for the purpose of
recording my vote, as one of the Representatives
from the State of Pennsylvania, against the out-
rages which have been perpetrated in Kansas.
Mr. ORR. Let me ask the gentleman, then,
Hfhy he did not yesterday vote in favor of the
passage of the bill, if he aesired to express his
opinion ?
Air. BARCLAY. I will tell the gefitleman.
As I have already said, I preferred the bill sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens.] That bill was, by the votes of gen-
tlemen on the opposite side of the House, for, as
fsupposed, political purposes, encumbered with
a provision for the repeal of ihe Missouri com-
promise. I stated that [ had two distinct objects
m view. I intended by my vote to show my
disapprobation of this, and my disapprobation
of any repeal of the Missouri comoromise. I
intended another thing. I intendeu to show,
when the proper time came, that, so far as I was
concerned, I was willing to stand up and assure
to every citizen of the Territory of Kansas,
whether free-State or pro-slavery men, just ex-
actly what they ought to have—their rights.
Mr. ORR. 1 understood the gentleman ftom
Pennsylvania m the first niKtance exactly ay I
nndoismnd Jiim now. 1 do not peieeive myself
how the proposition of the gentleman from Geor-
gia should have been connected in ins mind with
this, and why the rejectionn>r the consideration
of that proposition should influence any vote he
might give now, because the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia was voted down before
thje bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time. It was rejected. The House, there-
fore, had no matter before it for eonsideiation
except this rejecred bill, on its engrossment and
third reading, and on its final passage. The bill
of the gentlemnn from Geoigia had passed entirely
out of view; and if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania desired to give expression to his opinion,
why did he not, when the proposition of the
gentleman from Georgia was rejected before the
bill came to its third reading, \ote in favor of
the third reading, and in favor of the passage of
the bill ?
Mr.GIDDlNGS. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the gentleman from Alabama to
yield the floor to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, reserving to Imself th<  right to resume it.
That geruletnan and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania have iesiL;ned the floor to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Our,] who has made
his speech. 1 now rise, claiming the floor as the
successor of the gentleman from South Carolina.
I hold that I have a right to the floor; and I will
y.ield sufficient time to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to finish what few remarks he may have
to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
facts. The gentleman from Pennsylvania was
assigned the floor by the Chair, on the consent ;
of the gentleman fiom Alabama and of the House;
and the House has consented to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yielding the floor for an in-
quiry to the gentleman from South Carolina.
Tho gentleman from Pennsylvania is still in pos-
session of the door.
Mr. GiDDlNGS. I wish the Chair to under-
stand my point of oider. The House unques-
tionably consented to the yielding of the floor to
thegemieman from South Carolina for an inquiry,
but not for the purpose of making a speech; and
now, he having made a speech, 1 claim, with all
proper deference to the Chair, that I am entitled
to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BARCLAY. 1 say to the gentleman from
South Carolina that, if he cannot see the distinc-
tion which I have made here, I have been cer-
tainly very unfortunate in my language; and I
must say here that it is perfectly clcar to me, that
if I were to stand here till night his mind would
not be more enlightened, for I have already ex-
pressed myself as clearly as I am able. I wish
the gentleman from Alabama distinctly to under-
stand that I hold myself responsible to no man
in this House for my political action. I do what
I believe to be right, here or elsewhere. I do it in
my own way, and in my own manner. At the
same time, I am always perfectly willing to take
the advice of my friends.
But I will say, for the information of the hon-
orable gentleman, that I have had consultation
with no person on this subject, either friend or
foe; that X make this motion from a sense of my
responsibility. It is not a matter for gentlemen
from other sections of the country, but for my
own constituents—for my own people—for those
who claim my services here. 1 had no desire to
reopen any agitation on this question. 1 rose to
express my disapprobation of the action of the
United States authorities in arresting citizens of
Kansas for treason, and to say that the people
of Kansas have the right—the inalienable right
—to frame a State constitution. I believe every
Territory has that right; but, as a settlement of
this question, I say, again, that I prefer to make
it satisfactory to all sections of tho country. I
prefer the bill of the honorable gentleman from
Georgia to that of the Committee on Territories.
1 did not say that I was opposed to the constitu-
tion of the Topeka convention. I did not know
what it was, except that it was republican in
form. Its details 1 have not examined; 1 care
nothing about them. If that convention had in-
serted a clause in this constitution establishing
slaveiy theie, I would take the same couise which
I take now. I believe that the people of every
Territory have a right to frame and establish
their own institutions. I look upon the control
of the Territories by Congress as one link in the
great chain of centralization, and I am down
upon it, here or anywhere else.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania speaks of the influences which have
induced him to change his judgment within the
very short period of a summer night. He says
the influences were honest and proper. I have
not said otherwise. I expressly said that I did
not propose to impeach the integrity of the gen-
tleman. Put then I believe I did say—and if I
did not then say it, I believe 1 will now say—
that it is a little unfortunate that the judgment of
the gentleman, who has witnessed an examina-
tion of this'question, not only in the House, but
in all the public journals, for months past, was
not made up, and that on yesterday he delib-
erately came forward, under his solemn oath to
discharge his duty, and voted against this Topeka
bill.
Mr. G1DDTNGS. I understood the gentleman
from Alabama to have offered a motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table—and "to
have agreed to withdraw it, in case the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would promise to renew it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania rather hesi-
tated about that, and the gentleman from Alabama
then said he would reserve the floor for that pur- 1
pose. I now submit that 'the gentleman from
Alabama has not the right to make a second
speech on the same subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor without conditions.
Mr. HOUSTON. And, Mr. Speaker, that was j
precisely my object in retaining the floor. The i
reason why i applied to the gentleman from South ;
Carolina was, that I should have the floor to cor- \
rect any misapprehensions into which the gentle- '
man from Pennsylvania might fall. I could have
withdrawn the motion which I made to lay on
the table, so that the gentleman could have been
heard. I chose, however, to retain the floor for
the purpose of replying to him, and was in the
act of doing so when interrupted, very improp-
erly, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
I was expressing my astonishment that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, after witnessing and
participating m all the discussions that have grown
out of these Kansas difficulties, after reading—as
doubtless he is a reading gentleman—at least he
reflects most rapidly when he tries, for in one
short night ot a few hours lie determines to re-
trace his steps taken after months of deliberation,
and of course, he must read a good deal—after
reading what has been said in the journals both
for and against this Topeka movement; after hear-
ing the speeches on the subject of this bill ratify-
ing the Topeka constitution; and after listening
yesterday to the argument of his colleague, the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Grow,] in favor of the bill; after having had all
possible advantages, was unable to see the pro-
priety of voting for the hill, or that it was his duty
to vote for it, and thereby record his sentiments
on the subject. He was not able to see that the
bill contained his sentiments; but, on the contrary,
voted in the earnest and exciting struggle of yes-
terday for its defeat.
Mr. BARCLAY. I wish to say to the honor-
able gentleman from Alabama, that I never have
said, here or elsewhere, that I did not approve of
the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or
of the principle of that bill. I stated simply, that
I preferred the proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. HOUSTON". The gentleman says he has
never said, here or elsewhere, that he did not
approve of the bill of the genUeman from Penn-
sylvania 
Mr. BARCLAY. I said of the principle of
that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON., Why, the gentleman said,
in the strongest language which it is possible for
man to use, that he was opposed to the bill of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. He came up yes-
terday, and, under his oath to discharge his auty
under the Constitution, voted against that bill.
Was that no expression of disapproval? And he
has no such excuse as he presents; for, at the
time he gave that vote, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia had been voted down.
Now, sir, this question has been up in the pub-
lic mind for months; it has been before the House
for weeks; it has been discussed in almost every
newspaper in the land; and it has, doubtless, been
discussed by every member of this House, either
in private circles, or m public discussions. Yes-
terday, between three and four o'clock, the judg-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
distinctly and fully against the bill. He then
voted against it. This morning, however, without
having consulted anybody, as he tells the House,
having had no consultation but with his own con-
science, he is now in favor of the bill—a very
sudden change, to say the least of it.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. I submit that no member of
this House has a right to lecture another member
as to the course he has seen fit to take. It is the
right of any member to move to reconsider any
vote he chooses.
Mr. BARCLAY. I hope the gentleman will
allow the gentleman from Alabama to go on.
Mr. BENNETT. No, sir; my point of order
is, that every gentleman in this House is bound
with courtesy to address himself to some ques-
tion pending before the House. I submit that no
gentleman has the right to address himself to a
member of the House, for the purpose of casting
censure upon him for the vote he proposes to
give: and therefore I ask if the gentleman from
Alabama is not out of order ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I was casting no censure
upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his
vote.
Mr. BARCLAY. I appeal to the gentleman
over the way to withdraw his point of order, and
allow the gentleman from Alabama to go on. All
I ask is that I shall have the privilege to reply.
Mr. HOUSTON. I repeat, sir, that I have
cast no censure whatever upon the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BENNETT. I insist upon my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from New York that it is nocessary
for him to specify the langy^^e used by the gen-
tleman from Alabama to which he takes excep-
tion, and to reduce it to writing if required.
