T9t
THE; CJ0NGRESSBONAL GLOBE,
April %
/
• Mr. CAMPBELL. Fop that reason, and for
thefurther reason that- this amendment is con-
jjectedwith, and dependent on, the amendment
■which the committee have just rejected-.
Mi*. BENSON. I have no disposition to make
attyf argument in favor of this change of Jaw
in this bill,, because- this is a bill solely for the
appropriation of money. I know there have
been objections raised to the payment of pensions
! - this- class of persons. Bat, sir, a gentleman
from Massachusetts,, who is not now in his seat,
has-is his possession.- a large number of petitions
referring to this subject. As I have stated, I have
no desire to make an argument in favor of putting
this law into this bill; because 1 am not sure that
this is the proper place for it, but I do believe
that pensions ought to be paid to this class of
persons;, but believing that the matter will be
brought before the House as an independent
measure, perhaps it is not best-now to make objec-
tion to this item being stricken out of the bill. I
am sure, however, that some provision should
he made by law for the payment of this class of
cases.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As I stated before, the
fund created in 1812 for this purpose has long
since been exhausted, so that there is not now
any law in existence that will authorize an appro-
priation of money for any purpose of this kind.
If a measure is introduced into the House in the
proper course of legislation, for the relief of this
class of persons, 1 am not sure that I might not be
disposed to favor it; but this is certainly no proper
place for the introduction of such a measure.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The amendments of the
Senate have now, I believe, all been gone through
with. I move that the bill be laid aside, and that
the committee take up the Military Academy bill.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
thereupon proceeded to the consideration of the
bill of the House (No. 69) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Aeademy for the
year ending the 30th June, 1857, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto.
The first amendment of the Senate proposes to
insert at the end of the bill as follows;
For gas-bouse apararus, $15,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The second amendment proposes to insert as
follows:
for dragoons' and artillery horses,
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to state that $8,000
was appropriated at the lust Congress for this pur-
pose, and now they come forward and ask an
appropriation of $10,000 more.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I should like to know
if the Committee of Ways and Means base their
action upon the statement made by the gentleman
from Virginia ?
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that in this
rnattar we may become penny-wise and pound-
foolish. The gentleman from Virginia states that
$8,000 was appropriated last year for the purpose
of building these stables, and that §10,000 addi-
tional is now asked for. I presume that the ap-
plication is based on estimates from the War
Department,.or the head of the Bureau of Engi-
neers. If we have already expended $8,000 on
the partial construction of these buildings, and
now refuse an appropriation for the purpose of
completing them, the money we have spent may
be wasted, and next year we may be called on to
make a larger expenditure of money to accom-
plish what is now desired. 1 would" be glad to
know how the matter stands.
Mr. LETCHER. This is the custom-house
policy on a smaller scale. We begin with appro-
priations, and we must go on and make other
appropriations without ever completing the build-
ings. Titey came here at the last Congress and
asked for $8,000 to complete the stables, which is
a pretty liberal apiount for a purpose of that sort.
Congress gave it to them.. They have gone on,
and instead of completing the job for the amount
of money estimated two years ago, they now ask
for $2,000 more than they desired at that time—
$10,000 «n addition to the $8,000, and for addi-
tional stables, which they propose to erect.
So far as the. recommendation is concerned we
have nothing except the amount specified in the
estimate; no explanation is given; There is-no
statement in regard to the necessity of the appro-
priation. Under the circumstances, the Committee
of Ways and Means thought as they had given
them all they asked for at the last session, it was
time to shut down the gates.
Mr. DICK. I differ with the gentleman from
Virginia, in relation to this amendment. Any
person who has visited West Point, and seen the
stables there, will acknowledge the necessity of
this appropriation.
I have been informed that at West Point great
loss has been sustained by the death of horses
for the want of proper stabling. The stables are
open and the sides are of mere slats which allow
the wind to rush through them. They are unfit
for the purpose to which they are applied. The
horses are taken out very frequently on drill,
both for dragoon and artillery exercise. They
are exercised until they become heated, and being
brought into stables, to every quarter of which
the wind has access, they take cold, and many of
them are carried off by rapid consumption. More
are carried off by that cause than any other. 1
am satisfied that $8,000 will not begin to put up
a stable suitable for the accommodation of from
sixty to eighty horses. These stables ought to
be put up in a manner to correspond with the
other buildings there. I do not think that a mere
barn ought to bo erected at West Point for the
accommodation of the horses of the institution.
Something of a sightly and architectural character
ought to be built—something, as X have already
said, to correspond with the other buildings there.
I think the appropriation asked for is not too
much, and T shall very cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. VALK. The number of horses at West
Point, instead of being from sixty to eighty, is
some two hundred.
Mr. LETCHER. J do not know anything of
the matter personally, for I have never had the
honor to be at WestPoint; but I understand from
some who have been there, that this stabling,
like everything else built at the public expense,
is built on an extravagant scale. The remarks of
the gentleman who lias just taken his seat indicate
pretty plainly that it is to be on a magnificent
scale, because he says that this building ought
to be of architectural finish, and made to corre-
spond with the improvements already made at that
place. I have no doubt that a great deal of this
money is wasted in the way of ornament; that
large appropriations are made for the purpose
of keeping tip heavy previous expenditures of
money; and it seems to me, if we are faithful in
the discharge of our duties as guardians of the
public treasure; if we exhibit a proper economy
m regard to the expenses at West Point and else-
where, we will endeavor to curtail this expensive
waste of the public money for ornament alone.
There is no explanation, as I remarked before,
given in regard to the necessity of this matter.
According to tin: argument of the gentleman from
New York, if it is well made, if it takes $8,000
to supply stabling for sixty horses, and there are
upwards of two hundred horses there, he had
better move to appropriate a sum sufficient to
provide for the remainder. If §8,000 accommo-
dates only sixty horses, $30,000 more will not
accommodate the remaining one hundred and
foity.
Mr. DICK. My remark in regard to the num-
ber of horses at WestPoint was a mere supposi-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. Even on the argument of
the gentleman from New York we may expect,
with reasonable certainity, if this appropriation
is made, that we shall be asked for eight or ten
thousand dollars more at the next,session to put
up additional buildings. 1 have no doubt that
any farmer in the country, with an expenditure
of $8,000, could furnish suitable accommoda-
tions for any number of horses necessary. But
this must be built on a larger and more magnifi-
cent scale. There must be ornament as well as
accommodation; and, under the circumstances,
the Committee of Ways.and.Means have recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. VALK. 1 do not know anything in re-
gard to the necessity of building these stables in
an. ornamental manner, nor do I suppose this
money is required for that purpose. I have men-
tioned the number of horses to be accommodated,
and- the, committee will agree with me that we
should provide such accommodation as would
enable the horses to be well taken care of. As
has been said, they are severely, exercised, and
often put into the stables, in a state of high ex-
citement. They ought to be comfortably clad
and housed. It does not follow that because
fS,OOQ was expended to accommodate eighty
orses, $10,000 will be required to accommodate
one hundred and forty. I believe in the neces-
sity of the appropriation, and shall vote for it
with a great deal of cheerfulness, without any
reference to the ornament or non-ornament of
these additional stables.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to say a word
or two upon this amendment. Without inter-
fering with the suggestion of the committee, it
seems to me that we ought not to commence here
a work of economy in cutting off an appropria-
tion for stabling at the West Point Academy.
A house for that purpose is being, constructed
under the approbation of the Secretary of War
A recommendation now comes to this House
from the proper Department, and, as gentlemen
say, without explanation. I suppose the reason
of that was, because the Secretary of War
thought that he had creditenough with this House
to get so small an appropriation for continuing
the erection of these stables upon his own declar-
ation that the money was required.
You expect to make cavalry ofEcers of the boys
at West Point, and you are bound to keep horses
to have them exercised under die instruction of
the cavalry instructor. He takes them out in
companies. Out of the two hundred and fifty
boys there, he takes out a class of fifty at one
hour, and another class at another hour, and they
are trained upon the plain at West Point, mounted
upon these horses, in equestrian exercises and
in cavalry tactics. Your horses are made to
charge across the plain, and are put through the
most difficult exercises with rough school-boys
upon their backs, who know not how to ride;
who do not know how to use the curb; who do
not know how to manage the bit, or how to set
their legs to the horses, worrying the animals
almost to death and exciting them. The stables
have to be constructed in a particular manner in
order to accommodate the horses. It is a bleak
climate. They are constructed with a view also
to keeping provision for this number of horses;
and I insist that a gentleman who is so much of
a military man as the Secretary of War, shall
have credit enough with this House to pass an
appropriation for the continuation of the build-
ing of a stable at West Point, when he comes
here with a declaration that it is necessary.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not understand, from
the form of this appropriation, nor from the facts
stated, that this is an appropriation to finish an
improvement which is already commenced, and
that, unless it is finished, the public are likely to
suft'er loss for the want of the application of this
appropriation. I understand that some amount
of stabling has been completed with the amount
which has heretofore been appropriated; and
$10,000 is now asked for additional stabling, and
no t to complete what has already been commenced.
It does seem to me that it is as little as the War
Department could do, when they ask for $10,000
for additional stabling, to state some facts from
which the necessity of the appropriation might
be ascertained by the committee. I do not under-
stand that the Committee of "VWiys and Moans
have any information from the War Department
as to the number of horses that are to be stabled,
nor as to the amount of stabling there is now; but
they have from the Secretary of "War the simple
statement that they want $10,000 for stabling. I
think that, when the House is asked to appropri-
ate ten, twenty, or forty thousand dollars, the
Department which asks it might state such facts
as would enable the House or committee to judge
as to the necessity of the appropriation.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall vote for the appro-
priation for the reason that upon its face it is not
entirely destitute of reason. "For additional
