1850.
T&E CONGRESSIONAL
stables for dragoons' and artillery horses, ten
thousand dollars," is the language of the Senate
amendment. Now there we have the assertion,
I think, of the proper Department which has the
superintendency of this matter, that the dragoon
and artillery horses require additional stables.
Instead of going into particulars, he gives it all
in gross. He could serve a bill of particulars, I
suppose, .if it was called for; and if the commit-
tee, instead of rejecting the amendment upon gen-
eral grounds, had written to the Secretary of War,
they could have obtained specific information.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky has
himself been a cadet at West Point, and I have
more confidence in his opinion upon such mat-
ters than I have in the Committee of Ways and
Means. It seems to me that it is in vain to talk
about ornament. Why, sir, what is ornament?
It is the result perhaps of a mere inference of the
greatest utility. Nov/, sir, how many of us could
come here clothed in sheep's gray, which would
be cheaper than what we now wear; and yet, for
ornament, my friend from Virginia wears a good
coat, and, I believe, a gold watch, which I do not.
[Laughter.] Ornament, sir, is something suited
to the occasion. Now, I would like to know
whether any gentleman here would like to have
put up at west Point a mere block building ? Or
would they not rather have it suitable and pro-
portioned to the buildings which are already
there ? Now it appears to me, that the fact that
the committee has not called upon the Depart-
ment for the particulais of the reasons why this
building should be erected, ought not to be stated
as though the Department could not give those
reasons. It is a small sum, and, in my opinion,
ought to be voted.
Mr. LETCHER. A word or two in reply to
the gentleman from New York. He says I wear
a coat and a gold watch for ornament. Now, he
is entirely mistaken m regard to that matter—so
far, at least, as the coat is concerned. I wear it
for comfort. And then, if I carry a gold watch,
I carry it concealed; but how about the gentle-
man's gold spectacles? And again, if I mistake
not, the gentleman has a gold watcli 011 the way
from New York to this city. [Laughter.]
But jesting aside. The gentleman advocates
this appropiiation because, m the first place, he
gays his friend from Kentucky was once a cadet
at West Point, and he takes it for granted that,
inasmuch as he was a cadet, he must know more
about it than the committee.
That was his first reason; but coming to the
conclusion that that was not sufficient to justify
the House in dissenting from the Committee oi
"Ways and .Means, he says that the next reason
is, that it is a small sum, and therefore ought to
be allowed to go in. Now, I take it for granted,
that if the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary of this House can give no better reason
for his opinions in favor of an appropriation than
he has assigned to-day, the House will have 110
hesitation ill striking it out.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment, Mr. H. Marshall called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. II. Mar-
shall and Whitney were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk reported the third amendment, as
follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnibeit further enacted, That the amounts dis-
bui^ed, or that may be di-jbunjed, out of moneys appropn-
ated tor the suppoii ot'the Military Academy ny tile acts ot
Mav 10,1854, and March 3,1855. in payment ot additional
compensation to the jibianan, a^siMant Ubraiian, and eel-
tain enhotfd men at that po*t, be passed to the eiecht ot the
disbursing officer: Provided, That the additional pay to said
libianan, and assistant Ubrajiaiij shall nut exceed the sum
oi £120 each pei annum, and to the non-eonmnssioned
officer m charge of mechanics and other labor at the po?t.
the soldier acting as eleik in the adjutant's office, and the
four enlisted men m the philosophical and chemical depait-
mentr., and lithographic office, not exceeding the sum ot
fifty dollars each pei annum, aud that a like measure ot
compensation be heieby authorized, to be allowed Uereaiter
for *aid &eivu-,es respectively.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Waysaud Means recommend non-concurrence
in that amendment, for the reason that it is not
legitimately connected with the appropriation bill.
It is legislation for the purpose of providing for
extra compensation of officer^, whose salaries
acting on the rule prescribed for the committee byfl
the House, when the deficiency bill w-as before it,
the committee has determined to exclude all that
kind of independent legislation, and to make the
bills appropriation bills, and nothing more.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Cleric reported the fourth amendment, as
follows:
Sec. 3. Jfnd be it further enacted, That the. Secretary of
the Senate furnish annually the libiary of tlieMilitary Acad-
emy at West Point with a copy of all documents published
by the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend non-concur-
rencc in that amendment.
Mr. BENSON. I oiler the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Add to the end of the fourth amendment as follows:
That the President of the United States be authorized
hereafter to assign to service as ofiiceis in the marine corps
to fill vacancies therein, such number uf graduates of the
Military Academy at We t Point annually, as he may deem
proper, in the same manner as such graduates are now ap-
pointed into the Army proper.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must raise a point of
order on my friend from Maine. His amend-
ment is not germane.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to hear me a single moment on that amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt that the
gentleman from Maine could demonstrate the pro-
priety of some such legislation as he proposes,
but this is not the proper place for it. The com-
mittee has already refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate (Section No. 2) for the rea-
son that it is legislation, and not the mere pro-
viding an appropriation of money. Now, the
gentleman's amendment comes right in the face
of that decision and of the decision of the House
heretofore. Now, I wish to say to the committee
that, if that rule is adopted, it will lead to ail in-
terminable amount of amendments you may pro-
pose to hang on amendments in relation to your
whole army and marine corps. I raise the ques-
tion of order now on my friend from Maine, not
that I know I would oppose his proposition at a
proper place, but because the Committee of Ways
and Means have thought as the House thought
heretofore, that these appropriation bills should
be kept strictly within the legitimate object of
such bills.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman to listen
to me a single moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will; but X raise the
question of order.
Mr. BENSON. It is perfectly well known to
every man in this House that at no single session
have, the appropriation bills ever been carried
through without having introduced all sorts of
legislation. Now, 1 simply ask in this case  
Mr.CAMPBELL, (.interrupting.) Iwas going
to propound a question to the gentleman from
Maine—that is, whether he did not vote against
the deficiency bill when it was before the House,
a few weeks ago, simply because it contained a
proviso proposing some reforms in the marine
hospital system > .
Mr. BENSON. That, Mr. Chairman, was
proposing to change the whole policy of the Gov-
ernment, from its organization down to this time,
relating to manse hospitals.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This is proposing to do
the samo thing.
Mr. BENSON. This is simply a proposition
which comes from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs with its unanimous recommendation. It has
also received the approbation of all the military
authorities with whom I have conferred. It has
been drawn bv the chairman of the Committee
on Military A'ffairs, and it has the recommenda- h
tion of General Henderson, who is at the head ;
of the marine corps, and of every other man with j
whom I have conveised on the subject. It makes j
no appropriation whatever. It simply provides j
that the President may, in filling the two or three i
vacancies that occur annually in the marine I
6orps, appoint officers from our Military Academy |
at West Point, so as t'i. infuse more military j
science into that corps, without any sort of ap- j
Mr. BENSON. I introduce it as ail amend-
ment to the third section, which is an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then 1 raise the point,
that it is not germane to th# amendment of tlie
Senate.
Mr. BENSON". I ask the gentlemen' of tlie
Committee of Ways and Means to withdraw their
objections. I regard' this amendment as impor-
tant enough to receive the attention of the HotlsS'
at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the gentleman from Maine1
bring forward a bill to accomplish his purpose.
Mr. BENSON. And if I do, forty men' will
object to it. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I withdraw my objec-
tion in this instance, I shall have to withdraw
objection to every proposition any gentleman may
choose to offer. I should be very glad to accom-
modate the gentleman, but I do not think this is
the proper place for his amendment.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to allow the amendment to be
admitted.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
The CHAPMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order well taken, and decides the amend-
ment to be out of order.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As theamendments ofthe
Sonate have now been disposed of, I move that the
bill be laid aside, and that the deficiency bill be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The committee thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration ofthe bill of the House (No. 78) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
183G, with the amendments of tlie Senate thereto.
The first amendment of the Senate proposes to
insert in line eight, as follows:
For the compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers
and otheis, receiving an annual salary in the service of tlie
Senate.
For the Chief Clerk and clerk to the Committee on. Fi-
nance, $2,-110 -4-1.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio, who is at the head of the Committee of
Ways and Means, would explain how it is, that
these officers ofthe Senate, who receive an annual
compensation, come here now with a deficiency in
their compensation ? Their salaries were provided
by the general appropriation bill of the lastsession.
If there is anything doubtful in the amount they
arc to receive, I should be glad to have the matter
explained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will explain that the defi-
ciency arises out of resolutions which have been
passed by the Senate, during the present session.
Mr. HOUSTON. The clerkship ofthe Commit-
tee on Finance in the Senate has been made perma-
nent during the present session, just as the clerk-
ship of the Committee of Ways and Means in
the House of Representatives has been. The
two cases are identical in this respect, and I do
not see how any deficiency arises m consequence
of that. The Finance Committee of the Senate
have had a clerk for many years, just as the
Committer of Ways and Means in the House
have had one; and, as I understand it, heretofore
their clerk has been employed temporarily at a
< per dirni compensation, just as all tlie othercferks
j to committees have been. During the present
i session, however, as I have stated, that clerkship
i has been made permanent just as the clerkship of
I the Committee of Waysand Means intheHouse
has been, so that they are placed Upon precisely
the same footing.
I can imagine such a state of tilings as that
these clerkships, having been made permanent,
the Cleik of the House and the Secietary of the
Senate should not feel authorized to pay the sal-
aries of these permanent clerks out of the appro-
liri'ttion made at"the last session of Congress for
1, L  .  I\p
>' the payment of the per diem compensation of
P\\irUCAMPBELL. Imustmsiston the point of |j these temporary clerics; but we certainly made
are already fixed by law. For that reason, and H separate section.
order which 1 raised, to wit: that the gentleman
cannot introduce an independent amendment—a
all appropriation at the last session of Congress
for the payment of these clerks; and, so far as
the change that has been made is concerned, there
