790
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
in assuming that the convention was sustained
by a majority of the people, since we find, by the
report of the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, that elections were held in seventeen
districts, which gave for the constitution seven-
teen hundred and thirty-one votes, and only forty-
six votes against it; while in the town of Leaven-
worth its opponents destroyed the ballot-boxes,
which were known to contain about five hundred
additional affirmative votes, with only thirty-
eight adverse votes. Sir, the State of California
was admitted into this Union upon proceedings
no more legitimate, no more regular, no more
warranted by any preexisting laws, than these.
Mr. WELLER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to correct him ?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. WELLER. I think the honorable Sen-
ator does great injustice to the State I have the
honor to represent here. There was a military
commander in California; and, by virtue of that
office, he exercised civil jurisdiction, and was a
civil, as well as military, governor. It was under
hia proclamation that a convention was called,
and a constitution adopted. Now, in this case,
I should like to see the Senator argue the ques-
tion here, that the convention was held, not only
•without authority of law, but in direct violation
of the fundamental law organizing that Territory.
The point of difference is this: so far as the
Federal Government left power in the commander
in California, the convention there was held in
pursuance of the ordinance of that officer. There
was no law preventing the people of California
from prescribing the conditions upon which they
ahoula form a constitution, and ask for admission
into the Union. In the absence of any legislation
on the part of Congress, the people assembled
uader the call of the military and civil Governor,
and proceeded to organize a State government,
and applied for admission into the Union. But,
as to Kansas, there has been a law passed by
Congress, prescribing the terms on which they
■hall form a State constitution. Their convention
•was in direct violation of the fundamental law,
and now they ask for admission into the Union.
I hope the Senator from New York will see that
there is a great deal of difference between the
way in ifiich California came into the Union,
and the way in which he proposes to admit
Kansas.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator is
very kind and very fair in his statement, and I
•will endeavor to meet the objection he presents.
If he had been here, as he was not, I believe,
during the debate on the admission of California,
he would have learned that it was as serious and
grave an objection to the mode in which the Cal-
ifornia convention was called, that it was called
by a military authority, without any sanction
by Congress.' whatever, as it is now against Kan-
sas, that her convention was called without the
authority of an act of Congress, or in violation
of it. The military Governor of California was
a Governor appointed in time of war. California
was conquered, and it remained in the hands of a
Governor who was appointed by the President,
without any warrant of law whatever, or of the
Constitution.
Mr. WELLER. We held California by a
treaty, and not by conquest.
Mr, SEWARD. We held it by both. At all
events, my statement was, that there was no pre-
▼ious authority of Congress. The military Gov-
ernor was General Riley; and I need not say to
the honorable Senator from California, that mili-
ary Governors have no authority, without an
act of Congress authorizing and directing them,
to institute conventions to suljvert the power of
the United States. We know, indeed, that the
Governor of California acted in conformity with
the views of the President; but the President
acted without authority, and in obedience only to
a political necessity for which no provision had
been made. By virtue of the proceedings thus
inaugurated and thus conducted, California as-
sumed to be, and became, not merely a provis-
ional State, subject to the Federal Union, but an
independent ana absolutely sovereign State. Sir,
■what California did was rightly done, but it was
not done in pursuance of any law. It was done
without law, and it was justified then as I justify
similar proceedings in Kansas now, on the ground
of a high political necessity.
Mr. President, another and lighter objection
has been urged against my bill, namely: that the
Topeka constitution provides that it shall not be
changed in less than nine years. 1 do not know
; this fact, but I am bound to assume it, on the
| statement of the honorable Senator from Georgia.
| My answer is, that I am not responsible for that
provision in the constitution. -It is an objection
of the same character with one that is made by
! the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
j las,] namelyf that the Topeka constitution
; excludes free colored persons from Kansas. I
| reply to both of these objections. I take the con-
stitution, as we must all take it, for better or
for worse—just as it is—or we cannot admit the
State at all. The people in new States make their
constitutions. Our power is limited to the admis-
sion or rejection of a State, whatever its constitu-
tion maybe. Again, it is not clear that the pro-
vision complained of by the Senator from Georgia
will prevent the people of Kansas from subvert-
ing this constitution, and establishing a new one
at any time short of the expiration of nine years.
The constitution of the State of New York, es-
tablished in 1821, provided for alterations only to
be made with the consent of two successive Legis-
latures. A party desiring radical innovation,and
finding it impossible to obtain that object in the
form prescribed in the constitution, secured a ma-
jority in the Legislature, and, without any con-
stitutional authority, carried through a law by
which proceedings were instituted for calling a
convention, which was subsequently held, and
which framed a new constitution. This new
constitution being submitted to the people, and
approved by them, in derogation of the old one,
became, and it yet remains, the supreme law of
the land.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
from New York, so that he may know the fact,
that the constitution of Kansas, of which he
speaks, provides that amendments may be pro-
posed by two thirds of each House of the Legis-
lature, for two successive Legislatures; ana if
adopted by two successive Legislatures, by two
thirds of each House, they are to be submitted
to the people, and then a majority of the people
may amend it; but it provides that no such amend-
ment shall be made, either by a convention or
the Legislature, for nine years.
Mr. WELLER. A State constitution must
only be republican in form.
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honora bleSe -
ator for the suggestion, that the only question
necessary and practical here is, whether Kansas
has a constitution which is republican in form ?
To most Senators, that is enough under any
circumstances. I confess it is not enough for
me.
If the provisional State of Deseret shall come
here with a constitution which shall sanction po-
lygamy, I certainly shall vote against admitting
as a State a community which has revived that
eminently patriarchal institution, without stop-
ping to decide whether the institution is in har-
mony with republicanism or not.
I pass now from my own bill to consider the
new bill presented by the Committee on Terri-
tories. So far as the subject of slavery is con-
cerned, the most which can be claimed for this
bill is, that it gives an equal chance to the peo-
ple of Kansas to choose between freedom and
slavery. I can well understand that the Senator
from Georgia and the Committee on Territories
regard this feature of the bill as being entirely
just. I differ from them only because the stand-
ard of political justice which commends itself to
me is a more rigid one. I recognize no equality,
in moral right or political expediency, between
slavery and freedom. I hold the one to be de-
cidedly good, and the other to be positively bad.
I do not think it wise, or just, or necessary, to
give to a people pf a Territory, where slavery
does not exist, and* never has existed, the priv-
ilege of choosing slavery. The inhabitants of a
new Territory are necessarily in a condition of,
pupilage, needing the guardian care as well as
counsel of Congress. The experience of Kansas
confirms this truth. On the 28th. day of May,:
11854, there was no civil community—practically I
there was not one lawful citizen within the Ter-
ritory. The Kansas organic law passed, and, lo!
there was at once a civil community there. But
what was its condition ? There were a few emi-
grants scattered throughout a Territory of vast
extent, unknown to each other; unorganized,
absolutely without civil institutions; without a
treasury or a militia, or public edifices; with-
out organized political parties; and without culti-
vated fields, or work-shops, or established mar-
kets, and almost without habitations or homes;
incompetent to self-defense or self-government,
they were overborne by a small intrusive force
from an adjoining State; addressed by foreign
factions, with present temptations and seductions,
without having any concert of action amongst
themselves, they were appealed to, on the one
side, to institute slavery, not for their own
benefit, but for the supposed benefit of the slave-
holding States, and to weaken the power of the
free States—and on the other, by arguments
having little weight amid the confusion incident ,
to the organization of a Territory. Thus the great-
est political question that could be submitted to
any people—a question which Congress itself
has been unable to solve, was devolved for its-set-
tlement upon a community which, although it
possessed extraordinary intelligence, was, by
reason of its immaturity, unable to elect even a
Legislature and a magistracy for itself. The result
has been, not the voluntary establishment of
popular sovereignty, or of self-government, with
or without slavery, but a conquestand subjugation
of the Territory, with the establishment of sla-
very,by slaveholders from Missouri. I maintain,
and no one here will deny, that it would have been
unwise and injurious to the people of Kansas, if
Congress had directly established slavery in that
Territory by the organic law. Congress was
bound to foresee the operation of the organic law
which it passed. And Congress could not pasa
a law, the operation of which would be to estab-
lish slavery within the Territory by indirect
means, with any more wisdom, or justice, "or
benevolence, than it could have directly estab-
lished slavery there. I say, therefore, that the
existing state of things in Kansas is the result
of the wrongful and injurious legislation of Con-'
gress itself. I maintain, still more, that, since
there was a possibility that slavery might be es-
tablished within the Territory through popular
mistake, or surprise, or conquest, it was a solemn
responsibility resting upon Congress to withhold
from the people therein—so few, scattered, fee-
ble, unorganized, and deficient in the consolidation
which is essential to every civil State, at least
until they should have attained something more of
organization and maturity—the power to decide
so fearful a question. You will tell me that this
is a denial of the capacity and of the right of "a
civil community to exercise self-government. It
is a very different thing. It is only insisting that
a people must Have the necessary elements of a
civil community, before the power of self-govern-
ment can safely be conferred on them. I admit
and maintain the right of every individual citizen
to enjoy and exercise freedom and self-control,
subject to the municipal law of the land. But 1
deny, at the same time, that it is a parental right
or duty to refer to the infant child, who is ulti- m
mately to become a citizen, the choice, during
his minority, between health and disease, or be-
tween virtue and crime. Sir, the long and the
short' of the whole matter is, that, until the Ter-
ritories of the United States become matured and
qualified to assume all the powers of municipal
government, and to be admitted as States into
the Union, they are dependencies in pupijage on
the Federal Government, and Congress is their
only real and sovereign Legislature. If slavery
is a good institution, a necessary one, and one
consistent v. ith the Constitution ofthe umtea
States, we ought at once to establish i y our
own act, within every Territory of e
States. If, on the contrary, slavery is the oppo-
site of all these things, as in my judginent it is,
then we ought by our own act to save every Ter-
triory ofthe United States from slav ery.Onthis
principle I have acted throughout in regard to
Kansas as I have acted throughout in regard to
Utah and New Mexico. On this P™nclP e'^
give me grace, 1 shall act m regard to all Tern-
