66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st and 2d Sess.
Appropriations.
For second of ten installments for the pay of phy-
sician, medicines, and expense of care ol the
sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred aud fifty-four  $1,060 00
For second of fifteen installments for pay of teach-
ers and purchase of books and stationery, per
fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fiity-four...   Ll,200 00
Rogue Rivers.
For third of sixteen installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty tenth September, eighteen hun-
dredandfifty-three  2,500 00
Sacs and Foxes of Miss-issippi.
For permanent annuity, in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eigh-
teen hundred and four  1,000 00
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments, as annu-
ity, in specie, per third article treaty twenty-
first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two...... •••• •........... ...... in, • • 20,000 00
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments for gun-
smith, per fourth article treaty twenty-first
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two.. 600 00
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments, for iron
and steel for shop, per fourth article treaty
twenty-first September, eighteen hundied and
thirty-two  220 00
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments, for black-
smith and assistant, shop and tools, per fourth
article treaty twenty-first September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two  840 00
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments, for iron
and steel for shop, per lourth article tieaty
twenty-first September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two....:. ...?  220 00
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments, tor forty
barrels of salt, and foity kegs of powder, per
fourth article treaty twenty-first September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two  1,000 00
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars, at
five per centum, per second article treaty
twenty-first October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven  10,000 00
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per secoud article treaty
eleventh October, eighteen hundred and lorty-
two      40,000 00
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fitty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and tlurty-seveu  7,870 00
For the third installment upon forty-eight thou-
sand doMars, per secoud article treaty eigh-
teenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four., 10,000 00
Senecas.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-muth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen    500 00
For permanent annuity, in specie, per lourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen  600 00
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, and
iron and steel,during the pleasure of the Pies-
ident,per fouith article treaty twenty eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one.,. 1,060 00
For miller, during the pleasure of the Piesident,
per fourth article treaty twenty eighth Fcb-
mary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one  600 00
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one    0,000 00
For interest, m lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred
and forty-six   3,750 00
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from
Ontario Bank to the United States Treasury,
per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six  2,152 50
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, m specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen  1,000 00
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, and
iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure of
the President, per fourth article treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one... 1,060 00
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational purposes,
per lourth article of treaty third August, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four    1,000 00
For third installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars, for educa-
tion, per third article treaty tenth May, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four     2,000 00
For third of eight annual installment* of money,
m payment for lands, per third article treaty
tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four... 100,000 00
For permanent annuity for edncationa) purposes,
per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seventeen, and
thud article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four.       2,000 00
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and ninety-
four   $4,500 00
Sioux of Mississippi.
For interest on three hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty
twenty-ninth September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven  15,000 00
For the last of twenty installments in goods, per
second article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven   10,000 00
For the last of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of medicines, agricultural implements,
and for the support of farmer, physician, and
blacksmith, per second article treaty twenty-
ninth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
' seven....,  8,250 00
For the last of twenty installments for provisions,
per second article treaty twenty-ninth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven  5,500 00
For sixth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, on one million three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one,   68,000 00
For sixth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per ecntum,on one hundred and twelve thou-
sand dollars, being the amount m lieu of the^
reservations set apart in the third article of
Senate's amendment of twenty-third June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, t.o treaty twen-
ty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one... 5,600 00
For sixth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, on one million one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
fifth August, eighteen hundred and fiftyone  58,000 00
For sixth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, on sixty-nine thousand dollars,
being the amount allowed in lieu of the reserva-
tions of lands set apart by the third article of
Senate's amendment of twenty-third June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one  . 3,450 00
Stockbridges and Munsees.
For expense* of improvements, per second and
fourth articles of the tieaty of fifth February,
eighteen hundred and fifty six.     41,100 00
For expenses of their removal to the lands granted
them by the provisions of the second and fifth
articles of the treaty of fifth February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six    2,575 00
For payment for improvements on lands ceded
by the first article of the treaty of fifth Febru-
niy, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, per fif-
teenth article of said treaty   5,000 00
For purchase of stock and necessaries, and to
settle their affairs, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in
conformity with the amendmentof the Senate
to the second article of the treaty of fifth Feb-
ruary, iMi?hteon hundred and fifty-six  18,000 00
For tlie expenses of the survey and allotment of
lands, per third article of the treaty of fifth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and titty six  1,700 00
For expcii&es of the examination and adjust
mem, by direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, of lots allotted to the Stockbridges, un-
der the act of third March, eighteen hundred
and forty three, per thirtieth article of the
treaty of fifth Febiuary, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six       750 00
Treaty of Fort Laramie.
For sixth of ten installments, in provisions and
merchandise, lor payment of annuities and
transportation of the same to certain tribes of
Indians, per seventh article treaty seventeenth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
Senate's amendment thereto   70,000 00
Umpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For third of twenty installments m blankets,
clothing, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three     550 00
Fulfilling the articles of twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with
the —
Umpquas and Calapooias, of XJmpqua Val-
ley, Oregon.
For second of five installments of annuity for
beneficial objects, to be expended as directed
by the President, per third article treaty twen-
ty-ninth November, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four     3,000 00
For second of ten installments for the pay of a
blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four    1,060 00
For second of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines, per
sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four  1,000 00
For second of ten installments for the pay of a
farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fiity-four,.. 600 00
For second of twenty installments for the pay of
a teacher and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, t,.....,- 700 00
Fulfilling the articles negotiated tenth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, with certain
bands of—
Calapooias, Molala, and Clackamas In-
dians, of Willamette Valley.
For second of five installments of annuity for
beneficial objects, per second article treaty
tenthJanuary,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,$10,000 00
For second of five installments for pay ot' phy-
sician, teacher, blacksmith, and tanner, per
third article treaty tenth January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five  2,260 00
Utahs.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Utahs,
pursuant to the requirements of eighth article
treaty thirtieth December, eighteen hundred
and forty-nine  5,000 00
TVinnebagoes.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments as annu-
ity, in specie, per second article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine... 18,000 00
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
as annuity, in specie, per third article treaty
fifteenth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two    10,000 00
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for fifty
barrels of salt, per second article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine... 250 00
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for three
thousand pounds of tobacco, per second article
treaty first August, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine   600 00
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for one thousand five hundred pounds of to-
bacco, per fifth article treaty fifteenth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-two  300 00
For twenty eighth of thirty installments for three
smiths and assistants, per third article treaty
fust August, eighteen hundred and twenty-
mrie  2,160 00
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for iron
and steel for shop, per third article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and iwenty-mnc.. 660 00
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for la-
borer and oxen, per third article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine .. 365 00
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for education, per fourth article treaty fifteenth
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two.. 3,000 00
For twenty-fifth of tvventy-beven installments for
six agriculturists, purchase of oxen, plows, and
other implements, per fifth article treaty fif-
teenth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two  2,500 00
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for the pay of two physicians, per fifth article
treaty fifteenth September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two.!    400 00
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, per fourth
aiticle treaty first November, eighteen hundred
and thirty-ceven  55,000 00
For tenth of thirty installments of interest on
eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per
centum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-six...... 4,250 00
Wyandotts.
For second of three equal installments upon
three hundred and eighty thousand dollars, m
lieu of former annuities and claims, per sixth
article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five   126,666 67
Miscellaneous.
For carrying into effect the object of the act of
March third, eighteen hundred and nineteen,
making provisions for the civilization of the
Indian tribes, in .addition to the sum specified
in 6aid act, to be expended mthe manner pro-
vided in said act    5,000 00
For surveying and marking the boundaries of the
Choctaw and Chickasaw countries, in pur-
suance of the provisions of the nineteenth ar-
ticle of the treaty of twenty-second J une, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty- five, and
for completing the survey of the Creek bound-
ary  10,000 00
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pre-
vent trespasses and depredations by Indians,
separated from their respective tribes, within
the States and Territories, and to remove and
settle them within the Indian country  5,000 00
For the completion and construction of a map
of the Indian Territories within the United
States, fur the use of the Committee on 1 ndian
Affairs of the Senate and Hou^e of Represent-
atives, and of the office of Indian Affairs  2,000 00
For payment to Ann Hyatt tor balance of unad-
judicated claim for an improvement under the
Cherokee treaty of eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, as ascertained by the report of the
Second Auditor  116 00
For compensation of three special agem« and
three interpreters for the Indian tribes ofTex-
as, and for purchase of presents  15,000 00
For the expenses of colomnns, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock
for tne Indians m Texas    74,658 50
For insurance, transportation, and necessary ex
penses of delivery of annuities, goods, and
provisions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota
and Wisconsin           30,^09 CO
