mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
refers—cxccpt a motion to adjourn; but when
received, it must relate to some business legiti-
mately before the House, or its consideration be
postponed untjlit can be taken up in order. When
it is in order it will supersede every motion except
the motion to adjourn.
The Chdir is equally clear in his opinion upon
the second point presented, but submits it with
deference to the House. The report submitted
by the gentleman fiom Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] is a privileged report, because it relates to
the right of a member of the House to his seat.
The repoit itself has grown out of a privileged
matter. It was in its inception, in its initiation,
a question of privilege. It giew out of a reso-
lution, reported by the Committee of Elections,
relating to the right of a member to his seat. It
"was leceived as a piivileged question, and was
acted upon and decided as such. And now it
comes back to the House, changed in form from
the original motion made by the Committee
of Elections, but not changed m its nature. It
still holds its character as a question of privilege,
relating to. tin- right of a member to his seat. The
Chair, therefore, cannot, without disregarding
not only the practice of the House, but the pre-
vious decisions of the Chair upon the subject
whenever such questions have been presented to
the House, decide otherwise, then that the report
now presented by the gentleman from Michigan is
a privileged question, superseding the ordinary
business of this day's session.
Upon the thifd point which has been raised,
the Chair is equally clear. If the report the
gentleman from Michigan proposes to present is
not fin.il m its character, and it is intended to
take additional testimony to be hereafter reported,
in the opinion of tiie Chair he can present it
only by consent of the House; because the pre-
seniatioa of the report will otherwise discharge
the committee fiom the consideration of the sub-
ject, unless further instructions of the House
shall be given. s
Mr. ORR. But that question does not now
arise.
The SPEAKER. It does not. But the Chair
deemed it proper to state the rule in this connec-
tion to avoid any misunderstanding. The mi-
nority of a committee can submit a report only
by the consent of the House; but-the usual prac-
tice has been to allow the minority to report
either at the same time the repoit of the majority
is &ubnutLed, or at some subsequent time.
Mr. OLIVER. I desire to know what would
be the effect of the acceptance of this report by
the House- Would it operate to discharge the
couini-nee ?
The SPEAKER If the report bo received as
rr fall report, it will operate as a discharge of the
committ,",e.
Mr. OLIVER.. Then 1 desire to state to my
colleagues upon the committee, and to the House,
that I desire to take some additional testimony
in m:s city. Depositions were taken by the com-
mittee ih'U morning; and other testimony, accord-
ing to the understanding between myself and my
colleagues on the committee, is to be taken. I
d< sire to state further that the report which is
now to bp submitted js only the report of the
majority. There has been no agreement between
the majority and myself touching this report. I
have authorized no report; and I hope my col-
leagues will not submit their report this morning,
inasmuch as, under the decision just made, it will
operate to cut 01F all further investigation and
discharge the committee. I repeat that I desire
to take further testimony in tins city, and I hope,
for the reasons L have stated, that my colleagues
wul not urge their report upon the House this
morning.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe this
question is not debatable. If the gentleman from
Missouri has any proposition to make in respect
to Ins minority report, it can be made after the
report of the majority has been received.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia I apprehend that it
is very piucticable to do justice to all, and to save
time in icfeieuc*-; to this matter. If the gentleman
ironi Michigan states that the committee are not
picpared 1 o Report in full, under the ruling of the
Chair—which 1 think is correct—his report can-
not !>•■  received. except by the unanimous consent
of the House. Tint question may as well be
disposed of now. and save the necessity of any
further action upon the appeal taken from the
decision of the Chair. I therefore ask the gen-
tleman from Michigan if the committee are pre-
pared to report in full? If he states they are not,
it is useless to consume the time of the House
upon this appeal.
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer the gentleman
from Georgia, by stating, that the report as now
made contains every matter about which we wish
to report. To that extent it is a full report. But
our colleague informed us that he wished to take
the testimony of two or three witnesses relating
to matters of general disturbance or provocation,
or in explanation of some disorders- that have
occurred m the Territory. He wished that tes-
timony to be printed with the other testimony
already taken. We do not know that we wish
to make any further report. The majority of
flie committee are ready to make their report.
Our colleague intends to submit a minority re-
port. He is not ready to submit it at this time,
and we hope that the House will give him all
reasonable indulgence. We hope that he will
be allowed to submit his report as fully, and at
such time, as he pleases. Wc have nothing further
to report, except to allow the testimony of one
or two witnesses in regard to general subjects to
come in.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the attention of
the gentleman from Michigan. Does he desire to
submit his report as a full report from the com-
mittee, when the effect will .be to prevent the
additional testimony being taken which the gen-
tleman from Missouri desires shall be taken ? If
he docs desire to submit the report as a full
report, under the decision of the Chair, the effect
will be to dissolve the committee, and exclude
the testimony the gentleman from Missouri de-
sires shall be taken.
Mr. HOWARD. It will not have that effect.
Mr. COBB. It will have that effect, under the
ruling, and the correct ruling of the Chair. If the
gentleman from Missouri makes the report as a
full report, then the committee will be dissolved,
and the effect will be, that the testimony desired
by the gentleman from Missouri cannot be taken.
I ask him, whether he still insists on making this
as a full report, when the effect will be to prevent
the testimony taken that the gentleman from Mis-
souri desires shall be taken?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope that, by
general consent, the majority of the committee
will be allowed to make their report this morning,
with the understanding that the minority report
shall be received when it is ready. [Loud cries of
"No!"] Otherwise, if the report of the majority
is received this morning, it must be received as a
report in full; and, according to the ruling of the
Chair, that will cut off the minority report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains no
doubt whatever that the reception of the report,
as a report in full, cuts off the minority from
making any additional report hereafter.
Mr. COBB. If one or two witnesses be ex-
amined, the presentation of the report will only
be postponed for a day or two. That is the only
effect.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia to state, if we make our report
now as a report in full, that that necessarily cuts
off the right of the minority of the committee to
submit any report ?
Mr. COBB. No. The gentleman from Mich-
igan does not understand me. The effect of
making the report now, as a report in full, will
prevent the further cessions of the committee, and
the testimony desired by the gentleman from
Missouri cannot be taken, because the gentlemen
have no longer any existence as a commiUce. I
am not referring to a minority report. That
report, when presented, can be received by the
House. I have no doubt they will receive it, as
they always have received such reports. But the
objection I make is, that the dissolution of the
committee prevents the testimony referred to be-
ing taken. Therefore, I submit to the gentleman
from Michigan, as it will only postpone the report
until to-morrow, that he should waive its present-
ation until that time, and let this testimony be
taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last formal session of
the committee was held at Westport, Missouri.
The committee then separated. One of the mem-
bers went to hh home m Missouri; the remaining
members of the committee took some slight tes-
timony at various points on their way here. It
was understood, when we left Kansas, that the
majority of the committee would go to Detroit
ana prepare a full report, and that the other mem-
ber should go home and prepare his report. In
pursuance of that understanding we did so, and
when we came to this city we had our report
ready to submit to the House. However, our
colleague, who arrived at a subsequent day,
stated that he desired to examine and take the
testimony of one or two members as to a particular
fact, which wc did not consider it neccssary to
report upon. We agreed that he might do so.
He stated also, that he wished to introduce a par-
ticular document issued by the Emigrant Aid So-
ciety ; and that he wished to send to boston for the
purpose of obtaining sworn proof of the authen-
ticity of the document. We at once said that it
was not necessary to send to Boston for that pur-
pose. We could ascertain whether the docu-
ment had the sanction of the socioty; if it had,
then we were willing to let it come in as evidence.
This morning I attended with my colleague to
examine a member of this House. The examin-
ation of the other member is to secure testimony
merely cumulative. We of course intend to give
our colleague an opportunity to examine that
other witness.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Have the committee agreed
to sit again for the purpose of taking further tes-
timony ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have done so as a mat-
ter of convenience to our colleague. Wo have
said that we would take the examination of that
other witness at any time. This report is in full.
We know what that witness will testify. The
testimony is merely cumulative of what has been
already given. Our leport is here, and we want
to get rid of it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be glad to
know why it is necessary to have the report sub-
mitted to-day ? Why not wait until to-morrow ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The testimony is volumin-
ous. There are many questions pending in this
House to which that testimony relates, it relates
to the question immediately before the House, and
it is important that this information should be
printed for the use of members. It may or may
not influence the votes of members.
Mr. SMITH. It is manifestly impossible to
have the benefit of that testimony upon the ques-
tion now before the House, and its delay for a
day will not be prejudicial to any other ques-
tions.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, but
the Chair hopes that the House will permit sug-
gestions to be made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By the general consent of
the House I will make a suggestion. By unani-
mous consent, we may agree that the report of
the majority be now received, with the tinder-
standing that the committee shall have power to
take the testimony desired by the gentleman from
Missouri. There ought to be no objection to this.
If it be agreed to, we can then proceed with the
other business of the House.
A Member. Without reading the report?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Without having the re-
port read, of course. If that be the understand-
ing, wc can receive the report and order that it
be printed.
JNlr. HICKMAN. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that 1 object to everything which will pre-
vent the reading of the report. I want the report'
read.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to make an in-
quiry.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whart isthe
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is to
lay on the table the appeal from the decision of
the Chair. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
asks leave to make an inquiry.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
Mr. CADWAL A DER. The House, I trust,
will indulge me 
Loud cries of44 Object!"
Mr. CADWALA&ER. Itis a single question,
growing1 out of a statement already made.
Loud cries of " Order!"
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. OUR. I ask for ilie yeas and rwjg an
the motion to lay the appeal on the table. 0$ I
