1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
tories of the United States, so long as I shall
remairt here—so long as I shall live.
I do not now pursue the question of the right
or of the* power of Congress to prohibit slavery
in the Territories of the United States, above this
level of realities, into the clouds, where the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
has sent it. I do not inquire now whether Con-
gress can lawfully prevent a State from establish-
ing slavery, when adopting its first constitution,
or changing an old constitution for a new one.
Practically, thatquestionis immaterial,and merely
a hypothetical one. It assumes that a State, in
whicn slavery has no existence, and which is left
perfectly free to choose liberty and reject slavery,
will nevertheless establish slavery; and this, too,
in the nineteenth century of the christian era. No
State, under such circumstances, has ever made
such a choice; no State,under such circumstances,
ever will. We had one State without slavery
when the Revolution began; that State (Massa-
chusetts) is a free State yet. We had, at the
'close of the Revolution, twelve other States, all
which were slave States. Of these, seven have
already abolished slavery. We have added to
these thirteen States, eighteen more; and not one
of that eighteen, which was free from slavery while
in a territorial condition, has ever since adopted
it. On the other hand, more than one of those
States, which had some territorial or provincial
experience of slavery, have firmly and persever-
ingly excluded it. Within the same period, sla-
very has been abolished by Mexico, by all the
Central American States, by Chili,and by Peru;
and it now exists only in one State on the Ameri-
can continent, and that is the empire of Brazil.
During the same period, no European State has
established slavery. Great Britain has abolished
it; France and Denmark have abolished it; Spain
is abolishing it; Russia, and even Turkey, are
abolishing it. What wretched sophistry is this,
to charge me with exercising tyranny over the
Territories of the United States—the children of
the Federal Republic—because I deny to them
the ruinous privilege of choosing an evil^and a
curse, which no matured State, already exempt
from it, will adopt, and which all Such States
afflicted with it relieve themselves from as speed-
ily as possible!
I am opposed to this bill for these reasons,
which are drawn exclusively from its bearings
upon the people of Kansas. I am equally op-
posed to it, for reasons drawn from its bearings
upon the whole Federal Union. I think that the
addition of every new slave State increases and
prolongs the disturbances of peace and harmony ;
in the country. I know of no evil, social or
political, which is ever supposed to threaten the
stability of the Union, that does not arise imme-
diately out of the existence of slavery. If this
Union is threatened in the South, it is because
the rights of slaveholders are supposed to be
endangered. If it is threatened in the North, it
is because the power of slaveholders is supposed
to be on the increase.
It is clear, that the more we multiply slave
States, the more this fountain of bitterness will
overflow. Again, the more we multiply slave
States, the more we hinder the emancipation of
slaves in the old States. That emancipation,
although it is to be instituted, managed,and con-
ducted, by those slave States themselves, is a
reformation due from them to themselves, and to
the whole Union, because upon it depend the
highest possible development of national wealth,
and the highest possible increase of national
strength and power. While 1 do not maintain that
slavery is incompatible with the attainment of a
certain stage of prosperity in some States, under
some circumstances, I do insist, on the contrary,
that, all other things being equal, every State
flourishes just in proportion as its laboring popu-
lation are intelligent, inventive, and free. I am
opposed to the policy of the bill, because the ad-
dition of slave States tends to continue and in-
crease the dependence of our country upon the
manufacturing industry and the financial systems
of foreign countries, and thus to build up those
great interests in foreign countries, instead of
making our system of manufactures and finance
continental and independent. During this debate,
the bill has been altered (I cannot say, in parlia-1
mentary language, amended) by the incorpora-
tion of a feature which, if it were otherwise en-
tirely acceptable, would necessarily deprive it of
my support. The organic law conferred the right
of suffrage, not only upon aliens who had oe-
come duly naturalized, but also upon alien in-
habitants who have in the forms of law declared
their Intention to become citizens. The bill be-
fore us now disfranchises this latter class. I am-
not to say now, for the first time, that I regard
I this Know Nothing or American policy as being
! equally unjust and unwise. I hold that the right
' of suffrage is coextensive with the obligation of
submission to constituted republican authority.
While this bill overthrows that principle essen-
tial to freedom on the one side, it strikes a blow
equally dangerous to freedom on the other, by
an indirect invitation to the slaveholder to bring
bondmen into the Territory, and thus practically
exclude the disfranchised European emigrant.
As a general fact, labor in Kansas, as in all our
other Territories and States, must be performed
either by slaves or by European immigrants.
; The American people, educated and trained as
they are, do not furnish an adequate supply of
native labor. This bill encourages slave labor,
and discourages immigrant labor.
There is another broad objection to the bill,
when regarded as a measure which may result in
the establishment of slavery in the Territories.
If I were asked what I think is the real ground
| of whatever antagonism exists between the free
States and the slave States, I should say that
"it consists in the unequal extent within which the
\ pure Democratic principle has worked out its
' proper results in tne two sections. In the free
States, labor, being emancipated, seizes upon the
1 Democratic machinery of the Government, and
! works out the results of political and social equal-
ity with great rapidity and success. Thus labor
rules in the free States. In the slave States, labor
being enslaved, the operation of a pure Demo-
cratic principle is hindered, and the consequence
is, that capital is more successful in retaining its
ancient sway. I am opposed to the policy of
favoring the multiplication of slave States, on the
ground, broader Aan any I have yet taken, that
it is injurious to the cause of human society itself.
I think it clear that, if the sense of mankind in
all civilized nations could be taken, it would be
found to require that slavery should be brought
to an end wherever it exists, not immediately, or
suddenly, by violence, or without indemnity, but
with moderation, prudence, jnd sagacious admin-
istration, and as soon as it can be done, consist-
ently with equal justice, lam unwilling to op-
pose myself or to place my country in an attitude
of defiance against the judgment and benevolence
of mankind.
Mr. President, I have sought to find out what
plausible ground there can be for the creation of
a slave State in Kansas by thcact or with the
| consent of Congress. The only ground which
1 seems to me to reach that dignity is. that the ex-
isting slave States require room for expansion
1 beyond their borders. I know that growing
1 States need room. The State of New York, be-
1 fore it ever comprehended its own destiny, or
J had assumed its true character, had already re-
produced itself in Vermont. Since that time, it
has practically extended itself in the forms of
new and additional States upon the shores of all
the upper lakes.
I do not, however, see a necessity for more
room on the part of the slave States. Of course,
I speak with much hesitation, but, nevertheless,
^according to the facts as I understand them.
: The free States have an area of 612,597 square
; miles, and sustain a population of 14,000,000.
The slave States, with only 10,000,000 of inhab-
itants, have an area of 851,508 square miles.
The free States have a population of twenty-two
to a square mile. The slave States have a pop-
ulation of only eleven to a square mile. The
increase of the white population within the last
sixty years has been 16,380,604, or 516 per cent.;
while the slave population has increased during
the same time only 2,506,416, or 359 per cent.
It may be safely inferred from these facts that
the slave States will actually need no more room
within the next half century. Again, if I do not
mistake, regarding the extension of slave terri-
tory merely in an economical aspect, as affecting
the price of slaves, I think it clear that further
expansion would be injurious to the slave States
themselves. The cost of an able-bodied slave,
though he is inferior in capacity and intelligence
to the white laborer, already exceeds the full cost
of the education and maintenance of a white la-
; borer in Europe. If, then, free immigrants existed
, in sufficient numbers, and had the disposition to
migrate into slaveholding States, they would sup-
plant slavery there altogether.
Since it thus appears, Mr. President, that the
slave States have no need of room for further ex-
pansion, the anxiety and solicitude for the safety
of the slave States against an unreasonable excess
of slaves within their territories, which have been
so freely and earnestly expressed during this de-
bate, are quite unreal and groundless.
I pass on to examine the bill in its bearings
upon the restoration of order and the safety of
property, liberty, and life, within the Territory
of Kansas. The bill is especially commended to
us on the ground that it will effect those great
objects. But it seems to me to fall short of them;
altogether. It proposes that the people of the
Territory may hold a convention in December
next, ana adopt a State constitution. They may
refuse to adopt a constitution; and if they should
adopt one, Congress may nevertheless reject the
new State. If the people make it a free State,
the Senate may reject it, because it k free. If it
is made a slave State by any means, the House
of Representatives may reject it, because it is a
slave State. In either case, the remedy is at an
end, and the Territory will be left just where it
is now. During the intervening interval, and
after it, the usurped and tyrannical government
of the Missouri Dorderers will remain in the full
exercise of their hateful functions. The same
popular spirit of resolute independence which
justly resists them now will continue to resist
them hereafter. The Territory is practically
under martial law now, and under martial law it
must remain. Whereas, if you admit the State
now under the Topeka constitution, or other-
wise abolish the usurpation existing there, it
must happen either that the army may be with-
drawn, or that, while they maintain peace and
order, oppression will cease.
The bill declares that laws of a certain char-
acter shall not be enforced within the Territory,
and the honorable Senator from Kentucky re-
gards this provision as abrogating some of the
tyrannical laws enacted by the usurping Legisla-
ture . Certainly it does not abolish all those laws.
It is doubtful now many, or which of them, it
does abolish, and whether it will abolish any •f
them effectually. If I did not misunderstand the
honorable Senator from Georgia, the author of
the bill, he gave it as his opinion, that-while the
bill reasserts and reenacts the bill of rights con-
tained in the Constitution of the United States,
these obnoxious laws of Kansas do not in fact
conflict with that bill of rights. Here, then, will
be ample room for misapprehension, misunder-
standing, and conflict. The free-State party will
assume that the obnoxious laws of the usurping
Legislature are annulled. The slave-State men,
on the other hand, will maintain that they all re-
main in force. The conflict between them will go
to the courts of the Territory for their decision.
From those courts there is no appeal in criminal
cases to the Supreme Court of the United States.
How those courts will decide on questions to
which they are virtually a party, we already know-
too well, because we know they have already ad-
judicated that a tavern, in which free-State men
are entertained, is a nuisance, and that free-State
presses are nuisances, and that even a bridge,
over which free-State men travel, is also a nui-
sance ; and that all these nuisances may be abated,
on the presentment of a packed grand jury, with-
out a trial, and by an armed posse comitatus, con-
sisting of enlisted pro-slavery bands; and we
know, also, that treason to the United States is
adjudged by the same courts to consist not merely
in levying war against the United States, or giving
aid and countenance to their enemies, but in as-
sembling peacefully, as citizens, to petition Con-
gress for a redress of grievances.
The process which mis bill proposes for taking
the census, districting the Territory, and,ascer-
