1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
it has taken without being convinced that that
Senator bases his action here solelv upon the
ground that Kansas shall never be admitted as a
slaveholding State of this Union, under any
circumstances. Now, I desire to know if the
Senator will, under any circumstances, vote for
the admission of Kansas into this Union with a
constitution tolerating slavery ?
Mr. WILSON. I will not.
Mr. RELD. Then, sir, what does the Sena-
tor do ? Does he not violate every principle, of
the Constitution of the United States ? Does he
not violate every principle of free government ? j
And will he ask us to be bound by the constitu-
tion when he repudiates and spurns it from him ?
I, sir, in my public position as a representative,
in the whole course of my life, have never made
a distinction between a free and a slave_ State,
when the people fairly formed their constitution
and asked for admission into the Union, because,
ih doing so, I should have regarded that I had
violated the Constitution of the United States,
and was unworthy of being a member of this
Government. I do not desire to remain in this
Union and take advantage of all I can get under
the Constitution, and yet disavow that Constitu-
tion, disregard it, and set it at naught whenever
it is against me. That is not the spirit in which
the Constitution was formed. Here you have
two Territories, Kansas and Nebraska. Into
one of those Territories the people have gone
and settled. There southern men have made no
contests whatever. They have not shown a fac-
tious disposition to create discord, and to bring
about anarchy, revolution, bloodshed, and every-
thing else which is inconsistent with order and |
good government; but. in a Territory adjoining
one of the slave States of this Union, where it !
was natural to suppose that slave-owners would
settle, there is every disposition shown to throw
obstacles in the way, to cause revolution and
anarchy, to divide the people of that Territory,
and to prevent them from forming a government
to suit themselves. Gentlemen may talk as they
choose, but it is evident that it is not on the Kan-
sas and Nebraska bill, it is not on the Missou-
rian's vote, but it is on the result and conclusion
at wKich the people of that Territory have
arrived, that these gentlemen base their action.
If Massachusetts and Missouri had earned
their millions of men and imported them there
with Sharpe's rifles, and had shot down a hun-
dred thousand persons, yet if that government
had been formed prohibiting slavery, the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from New
York would have been found in favor of it. Their
objection now is based upon the fact that Kansas
is likely to become a slave State, and not upon
the manner in which the government there nas
been conducted. This must be evident to every
one who has impartially noticed the course of
this debate. The gentlemen have long claimed
that they had the majority there until you pro-
pose to permit them to have another trial, and
now they admit that they have not a majority,
but yet they insist that they ought to have a con-
stitution in opposition to the majority. The Sen-
ator from New York, talks a great deal about
freedom; and from what I can learn from that
Senator the definition of freedom with him is, to
obey his will. Sir, that is freedom! Now, accord-
ing to his definition of freedom, you will never
have freedom in Kansas until you have a consti-
tution'there which inhibits slavery, no matter
whether the people are in favor of it or not; and
that he will term freedom!
Mr. President, I ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts whether, after his avowal that, if Kansas
'adopts; a constitution tolerating slavery, he and
his people will not admit Kansas into the Union
because she is a slave State, he can ask a southern
man to come up here and vote for the admission
of free States, as he will not vote for the admis-
sion of slave States ? Will he, in regard to Ne-
braska, require me to vote for such a government
as the people of that Territory may adopt, when
he will not vote for the admission of Kansas with
such & government as a majority of the people
there may adopt ? If he desires to carry out tnis
government in that spirit, does he expect that the
southern people will submit to it ? I put it to him
as a candid man, could he ask them to do it?
Will he with impunity violate and trample under
foot the Constitution of his country, and then
come up and ask me to abide by it afterwards ?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we Yankees
have the reputation of answering a question by
asking another. I did not know before, that that
was a characteristic of any portion of the people
of North Carolina. I submitted a very plain ques-
tion to the Senator from North Carolina, and he
answers by putting a question to me. I have
answered his question. Now he submits another.
1 give a frank and plain answer to that. 1 told
him | would not vote for the admission of Kan-
sas into this Union as a slave State. I do not
ask the Senator from North Carolina to vote to
admit Minnesota, or Oregon, or Nebraska, as free
States. If he votes against them I shall not
threaten to dissolve the Union. Now, sir, I dep.
recate altogether these threats about the Union.
The slave power governs the country. It has
governed it for more than half a century, and it
may govern for years to come, but I shall stay
in the Union—Massachusetts will stay in the
Union. If you defeat us—if you carry out your
schemes, we will submit to it, and we will fight on
and work on until we change the public sentiment
of the country, until we attain a majority in Con-
gress, and a President who will carry out opin-
ions that We believe are in harmony with the
principles of theConstitution of the United States,
and the genius of our Democratic institutions.
This question of slavery in America is the
grand central idea of the country and of this age.
If Senators imagine that anything that can be
done in this or the other House of Congress, at
this session or at any session, is to make peace
in this country between the great contending
powers of freedom upon the one side, and slavery
upon the other, they are greatly mistaken; they
do not comprehend the vastness and extent of the
issues. There are sixteen free States in the
North, with sixteen millions of freemen—educated
freemen, who are working out the most perfect
equality of the masses, and the highest civiliza-
tion to be found on the globe. There are fifteen
slave States, with about two millions of persons,
interested in three and a half millions of slaves,
and four and a half millions of poor whites who
have no direct connection with slavery.
In every aspect in which you can examine the
question, the balance is in favor of the free States—
physically, morally, and intellectually. I do not
say this in any offensive sense. Howison, the
historian of Virginia, admits that six hundred and
eighty-three thousand persons in that State cannot
read or write. The Governor of that State de-
clared, during the canvass in 1855, that commerce
had sailed away from Virginia—that the land-
lord had skinned the tenant, and the tenant had
skinned the land; and that they had all grown poor
together. He declared that the sedge-patches
outshone the sun—that instead of feeding a thou-
sand cattle on a thousand hills, they " had to chase
the stump-tailed steer through the sedge-patches
toobtain a tough piece of steak!" Sir,by the tes-
timony of southern men, you can prove that, in
the departments of agriculture, of commerce, of
all the great manufacturing and all the great ma-
terial interests of the community, the institution
of slavery has weakened that section of country.
It has had the same effect upon schools, and the
institutions of education. You have only to read
the reports of the most eminent men of the South
upon the subject to ascertain the fact.
Now, sir, we are opposed to slavery. We do
not believe in it. We nave fourteen hundred thou-
sand square miles of territory. We maintain the
doctrine that that territory is free; that it must
be kept free; and that the interests of humanity,
the interests of the white man, and the black man,
the interests of this country, require at our hands
that we should organize it into tree States. We
are responsible for the future of that vast domain.
If we succeed, we expect you gentlemen of the
South to submit to it. We do not intend to in-
terfere with your rights, and you know that we
do not. If you can defeat us; if you establish
your policy of leaving this slavery to the people
of the Territories; or if you establish that new
doctrine, that the Constitution carries slavery
wherever the Constitutiongoes—thatslaveryis the
rule, freedom the exception—we will submit to it
until we change the public sentiment of this c®un-
try. We know that sentiment is rapidly chang-
ing. Why, sir, twenty years ago,tnere was not
a man in this Senate, or m the House of Repre-
sentatives, who entertained the views which the
minority here entertain to-day. We had not a
State in this Union—we had not an influential
paper in the Union with us. Southern Legisla-
tures implored northern Legislatures to pass laws
forbidding persons speaking or writing against
slavery. The mails were broken open. The
anti-slavery men were hunted down; but, sir,
they knew they were right. They resolved to
appeal to the heart and to the conscience of the
conntry; and to-day, they have not less than a
million and a quarter of intelligent freemen ready
to vote for their principles, and the coming elec-
tion will show it.
The Senator from North Carolina tells us that
we want to do indirectly what we have not the
constitutional power to do directly. I deny it,
and deny it altogether. We do not want to do
anything indirectly. We want to do this, and
we mean to do it; and I believe we shall do it:
we mean to prohibit slavery forever in the Terri-
tories of the United States; we mean to relieve
this Federal Government from any connection
with it; and we mean to banish it out of the
Senate and House of Representatives. We mean
to leave slavery in the States where it is, to you.
You are responsible for it there. It is yours.
We are against it. The moral sense of the world
is against it. But we leave to the statesmen of
the South, and the people of the South, the set-
tlement of the question within their own limits;
and, in my judgment, when the passions and
prejudices of this conflict here shall have passed
away, the people themselves will work out the
ultimate emancipation of the bondman. That
is my hope; that is the hope of those with whom
I act.
When we adopted the Constituti on of the United
States, we were not responsible for slavery any-
where. If I had time, I could pass on from 1789
up to this time, and show you act after act under
almost every Administration, in which you have
connected us with, and made us responsible for,
slavery. This legislation has been in violation
of the policy adopted by the framers of the Con-
stitution, and the men who inaugurated this
Government. Go back and undo this; discon-
nect us from slavery; put no responsibility on
us; and then our consciences and our judgments
will be clear. If slavery is wrong, as I believe
it to be—and I believe it to be a crime against
man, and a sin towards God, and I believe that
to be the sentiment of the people of the free
States—but it is not our crime, it is not our sin.
The time for such a threat as the Senator from
North Carolina has made, to have an effect upon
the people, has passed away. I thank God these
idle menaces have passed away forever. They
commenced in 1790, in the first debate in the House
: of Representatives on the slavery question, and
have been repeated from that time to this. This
Government lives in the affections of the people,
and threats here will not disturb it. , I assure the
' Senator from North Carolina that threats to dis-
solve this Union will have no effect whatever
upon me, or upon those who act with me here,
or upon the patriotic States and people we have
the honor to represent. Sir, southern men threat-
ened for sixty days in the House to dissolve the
Union,*if the " Black Republican" from Massa-
chusetts should be chosen Speaker. When that
act was consummated, Governor Aiken, the Rep-
resentative from the birth-place of secession, nulli-
fication, and disunion, asked of the House the
honor of conducting his rival to the chair. Sir,
when Fremont is placed in the executive chair, I
expect to see these honorable Senators vieing with
each other in doing honors to the chief of the
I " Black Republican party.
I The Senator says that we fear to submit this
question of slavery to the people of Kansas. If
you had made this proposition six months ago,
there would have been some degree of fairness in
it; but, as the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] has told us, it is like the election of
Louis Napoleon, after the usurpation of the 3d
of December. You have driven flien out of the
