APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
34th. Cong.... 1st Ses£.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Sir, it sefems to me the proposition is wholly and
entirely inadequate as a remedy, both on account
of the' manner in which the constitution was
formed, and on account of the inability of that
small and sparse population to constitute a State
in any proper sense qf the term. Seventeen
hundred men to have two Senators on this floor!
Why, sir, seventeen hundred voters would not
send more than one Representative out' of one
hundred in my State—and 1 dare say,in the more
populous States, many more would be required;
and that number of men is to constitute a State,
and be brought into the States of this Union!
It would be injurious to them to throwupon them
the burdens and the expenses of a State govern-
ment; they could not bear them. The proposi-
tion furnishes no remedy whatever.
Again: the evils and the wrongs that are com-
plained of are all sunk into forgetfulness, and we
think only of the question of slavery. The bill
of the gentleman from Georgia does not affect the
question of slavery; it proposes a remedy for the
wrongs which, it is .claimed, exist in Kansas.
Whatever you please to do with the subject of
slavery may be done consistently with this bill.
If it is passed, Congress might overrule it all by
passing a bill, settling for tne people of Kansas
the question of slavery, and admitting her with
her present constitution, or make provision for
another. I wish all these things to be distinctly
understood between us here, that we may know
the grounds of difference; so that, if we are to be
called upon to regulate and give peace upon this
subject, we may know exactly what they are. I
am for any reasonable measure of redress for the
wrongs complained of. If you do not choose to
admit her now under the bill projfbsed by the
Senator from Georgia, and a constitution fairly
and legally made by her; if it is too early—if those
who it is said were driven from the Territory
cannot return by the time mentioned in the bill,
prolong the time. If you think it imprudent%ow,
and if you cannot perceive what tinrie will be
necessary for a proper population to be collected
there, then adopt the amendment which proposes
to continue them as a territorial government, but
under the ample and effectual protection which
the provisions of this bill promise, and which the
power of the United States can and will enforce.
That is what we should do; that is what I desire
to do.
Sir, we hear the dissolution of the Union talked
about as eminently depending upon our pro-
ceedings. I am sure it is as painful to many
others, as it is to me, to hear this sort of argu-
ment in ttrrorem so frequently applied. There
is no argument upon any subject ot consequence
nowadays, particularly if it touches the Consti-
tution, which is very apt, in our discussions, to
take place, but that the weakest, as well as the
most powerful arguments, are always reinforced
by this sort of threat or menace of a dissolution
of the Union—do this, that, or the other, and the
Union will be dissolved! It is a sort of thunder
of all political orders, here and elsewhere, and in
this country there is more of that sort used, than
ever Jupiter Tonans himself possessed and used,
though, perhaps, with less effect, with more free-
dom, and upon smaller occasions agreat deal than
ever his thunders were. If he had used it with
half the prodigality that this sort of thunder is
used in our rhetoric, it would have been difficult
to supply him with it. Sir, this Union ia not
that fragile sort of thing that is supposed by some.
.1 have an idea that it is a very powerful, deep-
seated, and enduring structure with us. Who is
there to destroy it? Who desires to destroy it?
The greatest danger apprehended by a number, I
believe, is, that the extreme sensibility of the
North upon the subject of slavery, is the feeling
in the country which endangers the value as weU
as the perpetuity of this Union. The South is
talked about as aggressive. Why, sir, the wolf
might as well talk about the lamb being aggress-
ive ! You are aggressive; you are the most pow-
erful in numbers, the most powerful in represent-
ation, the great dominant portion of the United
States. As those relative proportions are likely
to be kept up, who is the most likely to be the
aggressor? All that the South desires, is to pos-
sess her rights in peace. It would be a very poor
policy for her, by aggression, to keep up a con-
tinual agitation upon the subject of slavery. It
is in reference to that dangerous subject that shp
is particularly solicitous to keep quiet, and to
keep the subject quiet. She does not doubt her
ability to maintain her rights in respect to it, but
she desires to enjoy those rights in fraternal peace
with "all the other parts of the Union. Gentle-
men of the North think that the South desire to
extend slavery; that that is a predominant feeling
in their hearts. Gentlemen, I can say to you in
great sincerity, that you are entirely mistaken
on that point. That* is not the anxiety of the
South. It does not occupy the thoughts of one
man out of ten thousand, half a day in the year.
I will tell you what is the anxiety of the South.
That our fellow-citizens consider it as areproach
against the South that they hold slaves; that the
North desires to refuse to them their equal and
common participation in the enjoyment and set-
tlement of the public land of the United States,
which they regard as a common right, and the
inheritance of all; and that i( is an incident of
that common right for them to go there with their
slaves, as you go there with your property. This
they consider to be right ana equitable. If you
and I own a tract of land, and you dislike slavery,
and I am free to have it, can you complain that I
have slaves to cultivate my part of it, while you
prefer white labor for yours ? You will have no
right to complain. But I do not intend to argue
any question upon this subject. This Union is not
a thing easily dissolved; but I grant you it may be
worn mto, as they say a constant attrition wears
away a rock. But I ao not believe that that at-
trition is to go on. I believe in the intelligence
of the people of every quarter of this Union. In-
stead of exaggerating tnis question of slavery in
Kansas, and considering it as a question which
will dissolve the Union, if a man will sit down,
divest himself of all excitement on the subject,
and just look at it, and ask himself of what con-
sequence is it to me, and to this great Republic of
thirty-one States, soon to be many more, whether
Kansas is admitted as a free State or as a slave
State, in that point of view it is a question of
much less importance than we regard it, or as it
regards any-national interest.
Let the people Of Kansas decide this question
of slavery for themselves; let them decide it freely
and fairly; lettherebeno invasion of their rights;
allow no one to be driven from the polls; give
hem a fair election, and that, at any period of time
in the future which may be thought best to suit the
free expression of their will; wait until the time
shall come, until the means of protection in the
exercise of this right shall be seen to be sound
and effectual, and until there shall be a popula-
tion there competent to form a State, and compe-
tent to decide this great question. Talk about
squatter sovereignty! If this Topeka conven tion
is not the most illustrious case of it ever seen, I
am mistaken. Before, squatter sovereignty was
confined by our own laws and a sense of right, but
here, constitution-making is to be governed by
squatter sovereignty. I do not believe in it at all.
Tnere is a people of the United States. That is
my sovereignty. This Territory belongs to the
people of the United States, and we are here to
preserve and maintain that sovereignty and that
dominion. The lands are ours. The people are
there by our permission, and not otherwise. The
people are there with such political rights as we,
under the Constitution, may extend to them, and
no more. That is my view of that question.
Sir, I have said more already than I intended
to say upon the subject. I wish the Union to
be preserved. I wish it to be preserved iri its
spirit. I wish to preserve it by the love and af-
fection of every section of,the country, not only
for their constitution but for one another, and
not by one section reproaching another, and a
man reproaching his fellow-citizens for holding
this or that description of property, sanctioned
and authorized by law.
Ours is a political connection. Ours is a po-
litical compact; and that instrument settles all
our rights of property, and we ought to be con-
tent to abide oy that compact in its spirit, and
not undertake to confine it because we choose to
nurture in 'our bosoms a particular sensibility
about this, that, or the other theory in regard to
property authorized by law and by the Constitu-
tion. These things ought to be wiped away in
order to give full way for American feeling and
the union of the American heart. For my single
self, I, and I will say for my constituents also,
we stand by the Union. That is our place.—
There we stand, and there we will stand. We
will maintain it to the last. We shall expect
our rights to be respected. We desire to live in
the bonds of amity as well as in the bonds of
constitutional law. The portion of the Union
holding slaves is not the aggressive portion of
this Union. The very statement of the case
would show that it cannot be, and it is the great-
est folly upon earth, a perfect fatuity, to say it.
They want security. That is what they desire.
They are not in the attitude of aggression.
They are in the attitude of a party upon whom
aggression is to be made, and who may have
cause to fear it. They want no controversy
whatever with their fellow-citizens of any sec-
tion of the Union.
This' is all that I have to say. The result of
it all is, that the remedy proposed by the gentle-
man from New York is an impracticable one. It
is unreasonable, as I think, and ought not to be
passed. It is dangerous, improper, and unrea-
sonable, and cannot therefore be passed; but if
the gentleman will, because his favored measure
cannot be passed, refuse all relief to Kansas, he
must bear the evils upon her. She is remediless;
and so far as regards the votes of those gentle-
men who take that position, I think they are un-
justified by true policy or by a true sense of duty,
however they may regard it in taking such a
ground.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The question is on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, to strike out of section
two the words, " eighteen hundred and fifty-six,"
and insert " eighteen hundred and fifty-seven."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on Territories. On
page eight, section eleven, strike out the words,
"until the complete execution of this act, no other
election shall be held in said Territory, "and insert
the amendment which I hold in my hand. I will
remark, in offering this amendment, in order that
the Senate may understand precisely what it is,
that in watching this debate carefully the com-
mittee have observed that there have been two
Eoints of objection made by the opponents of the
ill to its adoption; one was, that they were not
willing to leave to the President of the United
States the power to appoint these commissioners,
notwithstanding the assurance of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that they
would be fairly appointed so as to command the
satisfaction and confidence of the country. (I
will not discuss that.) The other was, that the
state of things in Kansas had been such as to drive
out the free-State men, and that it would not give
them a fair chance if the list of voters should be
confined to those there on the 4th of July. They
insist that a large portion of the free-State men
have been driven away, and cannot get back in
time to be allowed to vote, and hence that it is
unfair. It has been suggested on the other side,
that a large portion of those called pro-slavery
men were expelled, and they complain. Inas-
much as that is the subject of complaint, and I
believe the only real reason assigned by the oppo-
nents of the bill why they cannot get a fair elec-
tion under it, that a portion of these men, very
few of them as I think, have left in consequence of
the disturbances there, I have been induced, under
the advice of the committee, to offer an amend-
ment that covers that objection. It is as follows:
That all persons who shall possess the other qualifications
prescribed tor voters under this act, and who shall have been
bona fide inhabitants of said Territory since its organization,
and who shall have absented themselves therefrom in con-
sequence of the disturbances therein, and who shall return
before the first day of October neit, and become bona fide
inhabitants of the Territory, with the intent of making it
their permanent home, and shall present satisfactory evi-
dence of these facts to the board of commissioners, shall be
entitled to vote at said election, and shall have their names
placed on said corrected lists of voters, for that purpose.
I offer that amendment, in order to obviate the
only substantial objection which has been offered
against the bill during the whole debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
