mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr CRAfGE. 1 will make my question of
order regardless of any gentleman. By the terms
of the resolutions creating1 the committee", the
vomimtteu is to report to this House the testimony
taken in relation to matters in Kansas.
The SPEAKER. It docs not appear that the
testimony has not been reported.
Mr. CRAIGE. The committee are required
to report the testimony to the House. The tes-
timony taken is the only report the committee
can make under the resolutions creating it.
Mr. WALKER. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I understand that the gentleman
from Maine embraces the evidence as part of
the report. Such being the case, I ask this ques-
tion: When the reading of the report is callcd
for, does not the vending of the report necessarily
involve the reading of the evidence taken by the
committee? To show the pertinency of my in-
quiry, 1 read from the resolutions raising the
committee these words:
" Resolved further, f fiat when ^aid committee shall have
completed said investigation, they Khali leport all the evi-
dence so collected to this Housac."
I submit whether the evidence is not the re-
port to be made to us; and whether, when a
member calls for the reading of the report, the
evidence is not also necessarily read?
The SPEAKER.. The Chair has already
stated that it is impossible for him to know what
the repoit is. The motion is, that the report be
printed and referred. In order to the proper un-
derstanding of the question, it is competent for
any gentleman to have the report read.
Several Members. Read it.
Mr. WA LKER. I put a question to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and questions to the Chair, and replies
to them, are in the nature of debate, and out of
order.
Mr. WALKER. I have a right to put a ques-
tion to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
rise to a question of order.
Mr. WALKER. I do rise to a question of
order. 1 submit whether, when the report is read,
which report is on its face a mere ex parte state-
ment, a member on this floor has not the right to
have the testimony on which it is predicated
also read ?
The SPEAKER. There is nothing within the
knowledge of the Chair to indicate that the testi-
mony is not included m tiie report. Therefore,
the gentleman's point has* not a foundation to
rest on.
Mr. WALKER. I can raise it hereafter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point of order
that unfier the resolutions creating the committee
it has no power to make a written commentary
of the evidence taken before it. The resolutions
arc express, that when their labors are finished
they shall report the testimony collected to this
House. A standing committee takes its author-
ity from the rules of the House. A special com-
mittee, raised for a special purpose, is bound in
its conduct by the resolutions creating it; therefore,
by the resolutions creating this special commit-
tee, it can only report the evidence which it has
collected; it can report nothing else.
The SPEAKER. The report hos been received;
it has been stated to the House; a motion has
been made that it be printed and referred ; the
main question is ordered; and it is too late to
submit tlie gentleman's point of order. Yet it
docs not appear that there is anything in the re-
port inconsistent with the resolutions cieating
the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair, I think, prob-
ably misapprehended the point thot I presented.
The Chair says that the report has been received
by the House, and that, therefore, it is too late
to make the point. It is true the report has been
received; I a<rree to that. But this question comes
up now,and I make the point to the Chair, what
is the report? We made objection to the icport
under the rules of the House. The Chair and a
majority of the House have compelled the House
to rceeive the report, without saying whether it
is a written report, an argument 
Mr. GALLOWAY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the report of the
committee? it is not the report which the House
authorised them to make. [Cries of 14 Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I know what is m order.
' The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma is not in order in debating the question. The
call for the reading of the report is for the inform-
ation of the House, that the House may judge
what is its nature.
Mr. HOUSTON. They will get very poor
information, then. [Loud and impatient calls of
"Read the report!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of or-
der, and it isthis: Gentlemen, you have just 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not in order in talking to gentlemen.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia knows his rights as well as the Chair. I
call for the reading of the testimony which the
committee was sent out to take. That I consider
is the only legitimate report that this committee
can make to the House; and my point of order is,
that the Chair has no right to direct anything to
be read to the House, except the testimony which
was ordered to be taken by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the read-
ing of the report of the committee, not knowing
what that repot t is. [Cries of" Read!" "Read!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. No, stop! lam entitled
to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I intend to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair on my point of
order, and I will state it.
The SPEAKER. Itisnotin order to debate it.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 do not mean to debate
it, but I intend to state my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question of order to the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I suppose the Chair will
allow me to state my point.
The SPEAKER. It is not the right of the gen-
tleman from Virginia to state the question of
order, but it is the duty of the Chair to state it.
The gentleman from Virginia rises to a question
of order, and objects to the reading of the report
of the committee, upon the ground that nothing
except the evidence taken by the committee is in
order.
Mr. McMULLIN. That is not the ground I
take.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Virginia will correct the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the reading of
the testimony, that bein« the subject-matter that
the committee was sent, out to take and present
to the House. I call for the reading of the tes-
timony; and after that has been read, then it will
be competent to read the report and comments.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time, unless the testimony shall be included in
the report of the committee. Who gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] has moved that
the report be printed and referred, and the House
has ordered the mam question on that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a point of order.
With deference to the Chair, 1 desire to know
if it is in order to ask for the reading of the reso-
lution submitted by the gentleman from Maine?
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maine a single question.
The SPEAKER, it is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question; and as it involves, in my judg-
ment, the privileges I have as a member of this
House, I regard it, and submit it as a privileged
question—or I will submit the form of the ques-
tion as a point of order, whichever may be
regarded by the Speaker as proper, decorous, and
not as infringing the rules which are intended to
govern us here. The apparent hesitancy of the
gentleman to answer satisfactorily to me, when
interrogated just now, has induced me to ask
him, and entirely in order asl wish to be, whether
by his motion to print he means
" To palter in a double sense
and, like the weird sisters in Macbeth,
" To hold the woid of promise to the ear,
And break it to the hope
If his proposition is to print one part of the
report and not another—-if it is so, I desire to know
it. I desire to ask him the question, and 1 trust
he will answer it, as it may govern my vote upon
the resolution he has submitted. [Loud and con-
tinued cries of" Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. It i« not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE- With deference to the
Chair and to the House I do not desire to violate
decorum [Renewed shouts of " Order!"]
Mr. DUNN. I call the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to order. 1 hope the Speaker will call
upon the Sergeant-at-Arms to enforce order.
The SPEAKER. It will be the duty of the
Chair to call gentlemen to order by name, and to
direct the Seigeant-at-Arms to enforce the rules
of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit to the Chair with
deference that I have yielded to his decision.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, (at three o'clock,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I call for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
Tennessee, and Bingham were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56, noes 88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw his appeal, and let us
have the report read. I hope that the gentlemen
of the South do not wish to suppress that report.
I think it is best to have it read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw my appeal. I
would like to have the testimony read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do hope that
our friends will withdraw any opposition, and let
the reading be proceeded with.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the consent of the House
to the proposition that no further business shall
be done until after the reading of the report shall
have been finished.
Mr. JONES. Let us proceed with the reading
of the report, and get through with it, and then
we can determine what we shall do.
[Cries of " Read ! read !"]
Mr. SHERMAN proceedqd to read the report.
#*> Pending the reading,
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (interrupting.) I pro-
pose, in order to get this report into the Globe
to-morrow morning, that the further reading be
dispensed with.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to dis-
pense with the reading altogether. If not, letus
finish it now.
Objection was made.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I call for the reading
of the 57th rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
"When the reading of a paper is called fo1-, and the
same is objected to by any member, it shall be determined
by a vote of the House."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It seems to me that
the House and the country will both be benefited
by getting that report into the Globe to-morrow
morning; and if it be delayed now we cannot get
it into the Globe. I propose, therefore, to dis-
pense with the further reading of it, in order that
we may be able to read it to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the 57th rule refers to papers in which no action
of the House is called for. This being a report,
which it is moved shall be printed and referred
to committees of the House, it is the right of a
member of the House to have it read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we had
better come back to-morrow, and take a new day
at it.
Mr. NICHOLS. If the House adjourn now,
will the reading be in order the first thing to-
morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will, unless dispensed
with by general consent.
Mr. JONES. I move that the Plouse do now
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that, a motion to adjourn being pending, no ques-
tion of order can be made.
Mr. RUFFIN. I should like to know whether
the reading can be dispensed with, unless by
unanimous consent?
Mr. SMITH. Then the Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion to adjourn.
