APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
34th Cong.... 1st and 2d Sess.
Appropriations.
By the act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-seven.
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of recruits, three
month-' extra pay to non-commissioned officers, musi-
cian*, and privates on reenhstment «100,000 00
Foi pay of the Army 3,275,170 00
For commutation of officers' subsistence 661,987 00
For commutation of forage for officer-;1 horses.. 1*22,304 00
For paj mem in hen of clothing for officers' ser-
vant*.   39,440 00
For subsistence in kind 1,989,834 00
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage 624,833 57
For the tegular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers,
eulMrd men, guaid, hospitals, store houses,
and offices ; forage in kind for the horses,
mules, and oxen of the quartermaster's de-
partment, at the several posts and stations,
and with the armies in the field ; for the horses
of the two regiments of dragoon?, the two
regunentsofcavaliy, the legiment of mounted
riflemen, the companies of light amlleiy, and
such companies oi infantry as may be mounted,
and lor lite authorized number of officers'
horses, when serving in the field and at the
outpost.-; of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of
statiorii. rj, including •ompany and other blank
book? for the Army, certificates for discharged
soldier*, blank tonus for the pay and quaiter-
master's departments ; and for the printing of
division and department orders, Anny regula-
tions. and reports 1,010,000 00
For the incidental expenses of the quarter-
master's department, consisting of postage on
ietteis and packets received and sent by offi-
cers of the Army on public service ; expenses
of lourts-inaitialaiid courts of inquiry, includ-
ing the additional compensation to judges-ad-
vocate, recoiders, membeis, and witnesses,
while on that service, under the act of March
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and two; extra
pa\ to soldiers employed, under the direction
of the quartermaster'?, department, in the erec-
tion ol barracks, quarters, store-houses, and
hospitals; the construction of road--, and other
constant labor, tor periods of not less than ten
days. under the acta of Mai ch second, eighteen
hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including those
employed as clerks at division and department
headquarters, expenses of expresses to and
from the frontier po$ts and armies m the field ;
of escorts to paymasters, and other disbursing
officers and trains, when military escorts can-
noi be furnished; expenses of the interment of
non commissioned officers and soldiers; au-
thored office furniture; hire of laborers in
the quartermaster's department, including hire
of tuteipreters, spies, and guides for the Army;
compensation of clerics to officers of the quar-
termaster's depaitment; compensation of for-
age and wagon masters, authoiized by the act
of July fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight;
for tiie apprehension of deserters, and the ex-
panses incident to their pursuit; the following
expenditures requited for the two regiments of
dragoons the two regiments of cavalry, the
regiment of mounted riflemen, and such com-
panies of infantry as may be mounted, viz:
the purchase of tiaveling forges blacksmith's
and shoeing tool*, horse and mule shoes and
nails, non and steel for shoeing, hire of veter-
inaty sumeons, medicines tor horses and
milk's, picket ropes, and shoeing tiic hordes
of those corps 350,000 00
For consti uctin? bat racks and other buildings at
pn-ts which it may be necessary to occupy
durinti the year; and for repairing, alteung,
and enlaigmg buddings at the established posts,
me hiding line or commutation of quarteis for
ollk-eis on iinhiciiy dut> ; hire of quaitersfor
troops, of store-houses for the safe keeping of
mill tarv stores, and of grounds for summer c.m-
totiment*; for encampments and temporary
frontier stations     .500,000 00
For miSeaiv oi allowance made to office! s of the
Arms, for the tiansportatton of themselves
and "their baggage, when traveling on duty
without troops or cscorts 120,000 00
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving either by
laud or water; of clothing, camp and Harrison
equipage, from the depot at Philadelphia to
the several post* and army depots; hor.se equip-
ments and of subsistence, from the place*, of
puichaso ami fiom the pku.es of driven,
uinles contract, to «5iieh places as the eiicum-
Manees of the seivicc may lequue it to he
sent; of ouln.mee, oidnanee stores, and smail-
:irni horn the foundeiies and aimouesto the
arse.nils, ioitmcauons tronfier posts, and
anny depot* ; fieights, whailage, toils, and fer-
riages: soi the purchase and hire of hoises,
mul •?. and o\eu. and the pmcha^o and lopmr
ot uairons, clots, <Ir:ivs, ^lnp<, and other sea-
going ve-s-L* and boats, foi Hie tiansportafion
of supplies and foi gam-on purposes; foi
(if n\ j^e and eairmi.' at the s-eveml po.=ts ; hire
of te.i., tiau-portatiou of funds tor the
pa\ and otn -i disbui-ingdep.miitents ; the ex-
pen-'-of •ailing public nan-ports on the vau-
ous uveis, the Uulfof Mexico, and the Atlantic
and Pacific; and for procuring water at such
poits a*, from their situation, require that it
be brought from a distance; and for clearing
roads, and removing obstructions from roads,
harbors, and riveis, to the extent which may
be required for the actual operations of the
troops on the frontier     $1,500,000 00
For purchase of horses for the two regiments of
dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry, the
regiment of mounted riflemen, the companies
of light artillery, and such infantry as it may
be found necessary to mount at the frontier
posts 200.000 00
For contingencies of the Army  12,000 00
For the medical and hospital departments  75,000 00
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department, at division and department
headquarters  400 00
For compensation of the clerk and messenger in
the office of the commanding general  2,000 00
For contingent expenses ot the office of the com-
manding general  300 00
For armament of fortifications   125,000 00
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted
regiments 203,000 00
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice 100,000 00
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armories ....250,000 00
To enable Thomas H. Harlow, of Kentucky, to
manufacture one of his newly-invented rifle
cannon, for the purpose of testing the feasi-
bility of their Use in the militaiy or naval ser-
vice of the country  3,000 00
For arsenals, including the purchase of sites for
new arsenals of deposit in Texas and Nevfr
Mexico, and for the erection of suitable maga-
zines and other arsenal buildings in Texas, m
California, m Washington or Oregon Terri-
tory, and in New Mexico 230,157 00
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry  38,892 00
For repairs and new machinery at Springfield
armory, Massachusetts    38,000 00
For the completion, including water-wheels and
shafting of the new water-shops, grading
grounds, and construction of bridge at Spang-
field armory, Massachusetts  60,000 00
For surveys for military defenses, geographical
exploi auons, and reconnaissances, for military
pui poses  25.000 00
For put chase and repairs of instalments  15,000 00
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior.. 50,000 00
For printing chaits of lake surveys  .*>,000 00
For the Post Office extension 300,000 00
For arrearages prior to July first, one thousand
eight hundred and fifteen, payable through the
office of the Thud Auditor, under an act ap-
proved May fiist, one thousand eight hundred
and twenty, m addition to the balance undi awn
in the Treasury  2,000 00
For pay, furnishing and maintaining witn quar-
termaster's stores and supplies, and subsist-
ence of mounted and foot companies of Florida
volunteers called into the service of the Uni-
ted States   240,667 52
and for quarters and material fumi*hed the wounded
prisoners at said baule, in the year eighteen hundred and
fourteen -----
50
By the act for the relief of Calvin Hall, assignee
of William Jones.
For the value of three hundred and two sheep belonging
to said Jones, and which were improperly seized and
sold by the Government officers, in the year eighteen
hundred and fiity-one, for an alleged nonpayment of
duues    [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Captain Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones.
For the moneys paid by him to Hall McAlister, Esq., as
counsel on the trial of Black, and five otheis, for mutiny,
before a general naval com! martial on board the sloop-
of-war " Warren," in October, eighteen hundred and
forty-nme   $9tf0 00
§12,268,96". 09
jj By the resolution authorizing the purchase and
tj restoration to the British Government of the
|j ship " Px-esplale," late of the British Navy.
The Piesident of the Timed States to cause the said ship
Resolute,'' with all her armament, equipment, and the
property on boaulwhen she aruved in the United States,
and which ha« been preset ved in good condition, to be
pui chased of her present owners, and that he send the
said ship, with eveiythmg pertaining to her as aforesaid,
after being fully repaired and equipped at one of the
navy-\atds of the United States, hack to England under
control of the Secretaiy of the Navy, with a request to
her Majesty's Government that the United States may
be allowed to restore said ship u Resolute" to her Maj-
esty's sen ice $40,000 00
i By the act for the relief of Henry L. Robinson.
For retained bounty, and for his services in the United
State* Army, lrom April, eighteen hundred and fourteen.
| to the day of his discharge in February, eighteen hundred
1 and fifteen %1~1 0u
By the act for the relief of the le^al representa-
tives of Thomas Gordon, deceased.
For a certificate given by Timothy Pickering, quaterma*ter
geneial. to the said Thoma* Gordon, deceased, for nine-
teen and eigbteen-mnetieths dolJats. and interest, and
bearing date the twenty-ninth of July, one thousand
seven hundred and eighty-two [Indefinite.]
RECAPITULATION.
Civil, Diplomatic, and Miscellaneous  $20,634,395 70
Army Fortifications and Military Academy, 15,776,159 09
Indian Department, Naval, Invalid, and
other Pensions   3,980,917 85
Naval Service      11,285,045 59
Post Office Department    13,581.681 00
Ocean Steam Mail Service.....  2,013,000 00
Total   . $67,971,799 23
, By the act for the relief of William B. Cozzens.
In full compensation for his store-house, taken fiom him for
the use oi the United States, m Januarv, eighteen bun-
dled and fortj-seven, by Captain L. H. Webb, bj order
of ciuaitcimastei General Jesup .'31,000 00
By the act for the relief of John Xash. j
For one moietv of the penaltv collected of the master of j
the sehoone- L. J. Bowden", bv the eollcoter or t> port ;
of Fiederickshmg, m the year eighteen hundred and i
fiftv-three, for a breach of the levcuue laws, it having
1 been made to appear that the said penalty was iiicuu^d •
; without any design to violate tne law $100 M |
' By the act for the relief of John Otis.
, In full compensation for *er\ices lendered m taking care
' of the sick and wounded at the battle of Sandy Creek,
II.—Offices created, and the Salaries
thereof.
By the act to relieve the Commissioner of Pen-
sions from the performance of certain Clerical
duties.
The Commissioner authorized, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, to appoint a person to sign the
name of the Commissioner of Pensions to certificates or
warrants for bounty lands. [No salary specified by the
act.]
By the act to constitute the cities of Hannibal,
Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, Ports of De-
livery.
One surveyor for the port of Hannibal, at a salary of one
thousand dollars per annum.
A surveyor for the port of Peoria, to receive the salary
and emoluments prescribed by the act of Congress of
March 2, 1831 *
By the act creating Columbus, Kentucky, a Port
of Delivery.
A surveyor authorized for the port of Columbus, to re-
ceive the salary and emoluments prescribed by the act of
March 2, 1831.
By the act to establish two additional Land Dis-
tricts in the Territory of Minnesota.
A register and receiver authoi ized to be appointed for the
northern district, and a register and receiver authorized to
be appointed for the southern district, each of whom sh.^ll
be entitled to receive the same emoluments which other
registers and receivers are by law entitled to receive.
By the act to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish aCourtfor the Investigation ofClaims
againstthe United States," approved February
24, 1855.
An assistant solicitor authorized to be appointed at a sal-
ary of three thousand five hundred dollars per annum.
The solicitor of the United States authoiized to appoint
a deputy, at a salary of two thousand five hundred dollars
per annum.
An assistant clerk authorized to be appointed, at a salary
of two thousand dollais per annum.
By the act to provide for carrying into effect the
first article of the Treaty between the United
States and her Majesty the Queen of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the
15th day of June, 1846.
A commissioner for one year, at a salary of three thou-
sand doiiais.
A secretary for one year, at a salary of two thousand
dollars.
A chief astronomer and surveyor for one year, at a salary
of thiee thousand dollais.
An assistant astronomer and surveyoi at eighteen hun-
dred dollars.
A clerk for one year, at a salary of twelve hundred
dollars,
