1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward, etc.
Senate.
hive had other reasons. I say I do not wish to
be understood as having voted that such was the
intent and meaning, because I do not believe it.
The only intent of that act, inmyJudgment, was
to establish slavery in Kansas. That is what I
understand; and while I was willing to vote for
that amendment as explanatory,! do not wish to
express my view that such was the intent.
Mr. SEWARD. The meaning is tKe effect, I
suppose.
Mr. BAYARD. I have one objection to the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, which to me would be perfectly
sufficient, independently of any other; and that
i3, that it is nothing more nor less than an attempt
to give a judicial exposition, by the Congress of
the United States, to the Constitution; and I hold
that they have no right to usurp judicial power.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
on the amendment, resulted—yeas 11, nays 34;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Colla-
mer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster Hale, Seward,
Trumbull, and Wade—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge,
Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer. Hunter, Iverson, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pratt, Pugh, Keid,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to offer another
amendment as a new section: (
And be it further enacted, That all the acts and proceed-
ings of all and every body of men heretofore assembled in
said Territory of Kansas, and claiming to be a Legislative
Assembly thereof, with authority to pass laws for. the gov-
ernment of said Territory, are hereby declared to be utterly
null and void. And no person shall hold any office, or ex-
ercise any authority or jurisdiction in said Territory, under
or by virtue of any power or authority derived from such
Legislative Assembly; nor shall the members thereof exer-
cise any power or authority as such.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
.—yeas 11, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Col lamer,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Seward, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright,
and Yulee—36.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to have the amend-
ment which has just been voted down read again,
to see if I understood it aright.
The Secretary read the amendment again.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My only object was to show
that it is evidently to affect the Topeka Legisla-
ture, which, it is said, elected Reeder and Lane
as Senators. The other side have voted to de-
clare that every act of every Legislative Assem bly
fn that Territory is void; ana also, as I under-
stand, to declare that if any one of those Legis-
latures assembles on the 4th of July, they will do
so illegally, and their acts will be void. I am
glad to find that our friends on the other side are
prepared to affirm that proposition.
Mr. DURKEE. J offer the following amend-
ment, as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That until the people of said
Territory shall form a constitution and State government,
and be admitted into the Union, no person shall ever be
required, as a qualification for voting in said Territory, to
swear to support the fugitive slave law, or any other act of
Congress or the Territorial Legislature thereof, or any pther
oath, except to support the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. T raise the point of order,
that the bill already describes the qualifications
of voters, Containing none of these, and declares
that no other qualifications shall be required.
That being the case, I ask whether it is in order
now to add a provision that such a qualification
shall not be required, that such another qualifica-
tion shall not be required, and so on, when these
are all excluded by the general declaration that
there shall be none other than those already pre-
scribed in the bill.' 1 think it is clearly out of
order.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
recollect that his bill refers only to the qualifica-
tions for the eleetion proposed under the bill.
1 his is a general provision prohibiting test oaths.
It only applies until they
The honorable Senator's bill may never $ome
into effect—that is, there may be «o constitution
formed under it; and, if not, the territorial gov-
ernment will be in operation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. By the bill authorizing the
election, but one can take place. There is a dec-
laration in the bill that no other qualifications
than those specified in it shall be required. This
applies only to that same election, and hence is
out of order.
Mr. HALE. It is still liable to this objection,
suggested by the Senator from New York, that,
if the people do not determine to form a consti-
tution ana come into the Union, the territorial
laws will be in force. This amendment applies
to that contingency
Mr. DOUGLAS.
come in.
Mr. HALE. But it applies whether they come
in under this bill or any other. They may reject
this bill and come in five years hence. This
amendment applies to that case during that time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is there not an amend-
ment previously offered by the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Clayton,] to the same effect, which
has been laid on the table ? I was requested
him to call it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment on the table which the Senator from
Delaware proposes to offer, embracing this prop-
osition. It will.be read if desired.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire it to be pro-
posed now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is to add to
the end of section eighteen 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What has become of the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin ?
Th* PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is to be read
only for information; the Chair understood the
Senator from Kentucky to ask that it might be
read for information. It is not now in order,
however, as an amendment is already pending.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I supposed it had been
offered some time ago by the Senator from Del-
aware, and laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He merely
suggested it. It was not actually offered.
Mr. BIGLER. Then I move to strike out the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, and
insert that of the Senator from Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is to add to
section eighteen what will be read by the Secre-
tary.
The Secretary read, as follows:
No law shall be in force in the said Territory, violating or
tending to the violation of the great principle asserted in the
Kansas-Nebraska act, which leaves the people " perfectly
free to form and regulate their own domestic institutions
in their own way," or whereby the people of said Territory
shall be prohibited from free and full discussion of their
own domestic institutions and interests, or whereby said
people shall, for affirming or denying the existence-or pro-
priety of admitting or prohibiting slavery in the said Terri-
tory, be visited or threatened with any penalty or punish-
ment.
Nor shall any test oath be required aA qualification for
any civil office or public trust; nor any oath to support any
act of Congress, or other legislative act, be required of any
attomey-at-law, solicitor, delegate, or member of the Legis-
lative Assembly, or any other officer under the laws of
Kansas, or of any voter, at any election of said Territory.
Trial by jury shall be as at common law; and no challenge
or objection to a juror shall avail, which is not authorized
by the rules of common law, any statute to the contrary
notwithstanding. *
Nor shall the prepayment of any tax be required of him
as such a qualification. Nor shall any Indian, not recog-
nized as a citizen by treaty, be permitted to vote. No roan
shall be prosecuted in said Territory on any charge of con-
structive treason, or any other charge of treason, save that
of levying war against the United States, or of adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment just read.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays;
and then I desire, without troubling the Senate
again, to know whether there is a clause there
excluding aliens who may have declared their
intention to become citizens from the right of
voting ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That has already been
agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in this amendment ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Thep I ask for the yeas and
nays on it.
Jvlr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a point of order,
whether this is not embraced by the other pro-
visions of the bill ?
Mr. DURKEE. I accept the amendment of
i the Senator from Delaware in lieu of my own.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, as thus amended.
I Mr. GEYER. The amendment intended to be
proposed by the Senator from Delaware was an
addition to the eighteenth section of this bill,
which is a declaration of rights operating on all
the legislation of the Territory. If it had been
offered to that section, it was my design to present
a substitute for it. There is a part of it to wh ich
I cannot subscribe, and a part of it in which I
concur. I will read my substitute for the inform-
ation of the Senate; ana when the question can be
fairly presented on the eighteenth section I shall
offer it:
' No laws shall be made, or have force or effect in said Ter-
ritory, which shall require a test oajh, or oath to support
any act of Congress or other legislative act, as a qualifica-
tion for any civil office or public trust, or for any employ-
ment or profession, or to serve as a juror, or vote at an
election, or which shall impose any tax upon, or condition
to, the exercise of the right of suffrage by any qualified voter,
or which shall restrain or prohibit free discussion of any
law or subject of legislation in said Territory, or the free
expression of opinion thereon by the people of said Terri-
tory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to that of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SEWARD. What became of the other
amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was accepted
by the mover of the original amendment. The
Senator from Missouri proposes now to amend
it.
Mr. GEYER. I merely give notice of this. I
think, as an independent section, it is improper.
I believe it ought to be added to the eighteenth
section of the bill, which is but a declaration^>f
rights taken from the Constitution, and is designed
to be a limitation of the power of the Legislature.
It is to that section thatl intend to offermy amend-
ment. I have read it merely for the information
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Missouri that he
understands the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware, which has been accepted by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, to be an addition to the
eighteenth section.
Mr. GEYER. Then I offer my proposition
as a substitute for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the 'Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. YULEE. If the substitute of the Senator
from Missouri be adopted, instead of the original
amendment, will it be understood as being intro-
duced into the bjll? [" Oh, no!"] It will require
another 1 understand. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire distinctly to
understand whether we are to vote on the original
amendment offered by the Senator from Delaware,
or on the substitute for it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking that out, and substituting for it the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall probably vote for
both these amendments, and I am prepared to do
so, a9 I understand them; but there is one thing
in the original proposition, as presented by the
Senator from Delaware, who is not now present,
that I should like very much to see in the substi-
tute for his amendment. I allude to the proposi-
tion of getting rid of the indictments for con-
structive treason.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have an amendment
which I intend to offer, getting rid of them.
Mr. CASS. Treason is defined in the Consti-
tution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Although it is defined in
