urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2.
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kelsey,
Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Kmglit, Knowlton, Knox,
Lake Leiter, bumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McOarty, MeMullin, Mc-
Queen, Meaeham, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,
Jylillvvard, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Packer,Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington.Perry, Phelps,
Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purvianee, Puryear, Ready, Rivers,
Bobbins, Roberts, Eobison, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp,
Scott, Seward. Sherman, Siiorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart,
Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Tmfton, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader O.
Washburne, Eiiihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Woodruff,
Woodwortli, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—175.
NAV'S—Messrs. Clingman, Humphrey Marshall, Q.uit-
man, Ruffln, Stephens, Swope, and Wheeler—7.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COX. stated that his colleague, Mr. Camp-
bell, had paired off upon the bill for the admis-
sion of Kansas; and having been called away
from the city upon important business, that he
had paired off upon all other questions with Mr.
Galloway until Friday next.
Mr. MILLSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Carlile, had paired off with Mr. Chaffee.
Mr. DAVIDSON'stated that his colleague,
Mr. Eustis, had paired off with Mr. Watson.
Mr. HOFFMAN stated that he had paired off,
otherwise he should vote for sustaining the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. ORR stated that his colleague, Mr. Keitt,
had paired off with Mr. Wood until Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Letcher had paired off with Mr. Bishop.
Mr. SIMMONS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Foster.
Mr. SNEED expressed his dissent from the
decision of the Chair in the distinction made by
him between papers upon which action was to be
taken by the House, and those upon which no
action was to be taken; but as the paper in ques-
tion, in the present instance, was one upon which
all agreed that the House has to take action, he
should vote to sustain the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that Mr. Talbott
had paired off with Mr. Harlan, until Monday
next.
Mr. BOWIE. I now call for the reading of
the testimony.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed with
the reading of the testimony.
Mr. BOWIE. I will just state that I am obliged
to leave the House at three o'clock; and as it is
nearly that time, 1 am not willing that any vote
upon the Kansas bill shall be taken in my ab-
sence. If the House will adjourn now, 1 will
withdraw my objection. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. I move that the House do
now- adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to say to
the gentleman from Maryland, that if he will
withdraw his objection, 1 will move to postpone
the further consideration of the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Kansas bill was re-
jected.
Mr. BOWIE. With that understanding I am
perfectly willing to withdraw my objection.
Mr. M. MARSHALL. What has become of
the motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is still pending.
Mr. MARSHALL. .Then I make the point
of order that the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio are out of order.
The SPEAKER. The point is well taken.
The gentleman from Ohio is not in order.
Mr. READY. I demand tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—ayes 63, noes 87.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As the business first in
order after the motion of the gentleman from
Maine, is the motion to lay on the table the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote'by which the Kansas
bill was rejected, as Friday is the 4th of Jujy,
and as the House will probably, in accordance
with its u.sual practice, adjourn from to-morrow
until Saturday, a*l perhaps until Monday, I pro-
pose, with the consent of the House, to move to
postpone the consideration of the pending ques-
tion on that bill until Monday next.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to amend by insert-
ing Tuesday instead of Monday.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be enter-
tained pending the motion of the gentleman from
Maine to refer and print the report of the select
committee, only by unanimous consent.
Mr. GftOW. 1 am willing that the Kansas
bill should be postponed until Monday.
Mr. BARCLAY. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his motion, and allow the
matter to be disposed of either to-day or to-mor-
row. I should like to see the mgtter disposed
of one way or the other; and I give notice that if
it is postponed until Monday, I shall probably
not be in the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state that I have
made the motion with the consent of the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories; however,
to-morrow will suit me as well as any other time,
and I so modify my motion.
Mr. READY. I move to amend by postpon-
ing the question until Monday next.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to amend bymaking
the postponement until Wednesday next.
Mr. GRO W". After the statement made by my
colleague, [Mr. Barclay,] I hope that the post-
ponement will not be beyond to-morrow.
Mr. dUITMAN. Inasmuch as action is de-
sired on this bill at this time, I insist on the fur-
ther reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
all objection was withdrawn to dispensing with
the further -reading of the paper, at the instance
of the gentleman from Ohio; and that that gen-
tleman had the unanimous consent of the House
to make his motion to postpone. The Chair,
therefoie, is of the opinion that objection is now
too late.
Mr. BOWIE. If the House adjourn, will not
the first motion in order, to-morrow, be the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill to
admit Kansas into the Union as a State was re-
jected ?
The SPEAKER. The first motion will be the
motion to refer and print the report of the Kansas
investigating committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let the ques-
tion be taken on that motion now, so that the re-
port and evidence may be printed at as early a day
as possible.
Mr. ORR. I understood that the report of the
committee had been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It is still pending. The
main question has been ordered on the motion to
print and refer. The gentleman from Ohio asked
the unanimous consent of the. House to make a
motion to postpone the consideration of the mo-
tion to lay upon the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill to admit Kansas
into the Union as a State was rejected. There
was no objection, and the motion was received.
Mr. ORR. I did nothear the request for unan-
imous consent, or I should have objected to the
reception of the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I withdraw my motion,
the question will recur on the motion to print and
refer the report. When that motion is decided,
then a motion to adjourn will accomplish all I
desire. Therefore, I withdraw my motion to
postpone.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer the report of the Kansas investigatmgcom-
mittee to the Committee of Elections, and that it
be printed; that leave bo given to the minority of
said committee to submit a report at any time
within ten days, to take additional testimony,
and, when submitted, that the same be referred to
the Committee of Elections and be printed; upon
which the main question had been ordered to be
put.
Mr. QUITMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was then agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which his motion "was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
EXTRA COPIES or THE REPORTS.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Speaker, I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That two hundred thousand copies of the re-
ports and testimony of the special committee appointed to
take testimony m Kansas be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of this House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can onlyte
received by unanimous consent.
Many Members objected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that that committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles:
An act to explain an act approved the 12th of
April, 1815, entitled "An act to establish addi-
tional land districts in the Territory of Minne-
sota;
An act to authorize the President of the United
States to cause the southern boundary line of
Kansas Territory to be surveyed and marked;
and
An act to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Minnesota;
When the Speaker signed the same.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama [M#
Houston-] to lay upon the tabic the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill to admit
Kansas into the Union as a State was rejected.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion was agreed to.
The House (at three o'clock, p. m.) accord-
ingly adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 2, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. REID presented the memorial of James
Taylor, heir of James Bigbey, a Cherokee res-
ervee, praying that the heirs or assigns of Cher-
okee reservees may be paid the value of their re-
serves; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
the delegation of Creek Indians now in Wash-
ington, relative to the assignment and transfer of
bounty land warrants which may be issued to the
Creeks and Seminoles of " Black Dirt" party,
under the act of March 3, 1855; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial of Hezekiah Miller, on the
files of the Senate, be ret'ened to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of J. F. Caldwell, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Thomas J. Churchill, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 360) for the lelief
of Thomas J. Churchill, late a Lieutenant in the
first Kentucky regiment of volunteers; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
DISCOVERIES OF GUANO.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill to
authorize protection to be given to the citizens
of the United States who may discover deposits
of gue.no, reported it, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
if he has any objections to that bill being made a
special order for some convenient day—not im-
mediately, but say a week from next Monday.
Mr. Mi£SON. Not at all.
Mr. SEWARD. I move, then, that it be made
the special order for next Tuesday week.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the Senator
from NewYork that, if he puts it off to so distant
a day, of course we could not reach it until that
day arrives, and possibly not then. I think, as
it is a bill which is generally understood, and is
simple in its details, that if it should go on the
Calendar, we might call it up at some convenient
time, more speedily than if we made it a special
order.
