THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 9, 1856.
New Series....No. 97,
Mr. SEWARD. I will vary the motion then,
and name Thursday of next week. I made the
motion for a longer time, because I thought I
might be absent.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly postponed to, and made the special
order for, Thursday, the 10th instant, at one
o'clock.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the proceedings of the American commis-
sioner at Pans to liquidate the claims of Amer-
ican citizens against the French Government,
under the convention of April 30, 1803, with a
list of the decisions made on those claims.
Mr. CLAYTON. This document, called for
by a resolution long since offered by me, and now
answered by the Secretary of State under direction
of the President, is one to which I wish to solicit
the attention of every Senator. That document
takes away the ground on which the President of
the United States rested the argument m his veto
message on the French spoliation bill. The whole
of that veto, if my recollection of it be correct,
rests on this foundation: that the claims which
were sought to be paid by that bill had been al-
ready paid under the treaty of Louisiana of 1803.
The important document now submitted contains
all the proceedings of the commissioners under
the convention of 1803, and conclusively estab-
lishes the fact, that the claims of American citizens
on Prance for spoliations on our commerce prior
to the convention of 1800, were not included in
the treaty of 1803, nor paid by it, nor allowed by
the commissioners acting under it.
The President was erroneously led to believe
that the commissioners under the last convention
with France (that of 1803) had allowed all the
just claims under the previous treaty of 1SU0.
There are other modes of demonstiating this en or,
but nothing, one would think, could be more sat-
isfactory than the ocular proof now produced here,
showing all the claims allowed under the la tier
treaty, which do not include the claims for which
payment is demanded of this Government arising
out of the former treaty of 1600.
I not only have _no interest in any of these
claims myself, but I have no relative or friend
who has. My constituency, too, have very little,
if any, interest in them. My connection with
the subject has been accidental, growing entirely
out of my duties as a member of this body.
Many years ago, (as far back as twenty-one
years since,) when a bill was pending before the
Spnate to pay these, claims, it became my duty to
examine the subject; and I then gave my vote for
that bill. This was the bill of 1835, introduced and
pressed by Mr. Webster, which failed to obtain
the approval of Congress.
Less than two years after this, I resigned my
seat in the Senate, immediately after I had been
reelected for another term m this body. I came
in the Senate again ill 1845: and at the expiration
of eleven years from the date of my first examin-
ation of this subject, another proposition was
made here to pay these claims, and a select com-
mittee was elected by the Senate to examine it
again. Daniel Webster was the chairman of that
committee, and I happened to be the second man
named on it. Mr. Webster refused to take any
further interest ill the subject. He had spent a
great deal of time in fruitless efforts to procure
justice for the claimants, and gave it up,because,
as'he said, he saw no prospect of procuring the
passage of a bill for the relief of the claimants, of
whose demands he had always been one of the
ablest advocates. He declined making any report,
or taking any part in the matter. For that reason
I was called upon, being the next on the list,
ao-ain to investigate, and now to report, the claim,
and was, I may say, compelled to do it, very much
against my own inclination. I then drafted and
introduced a new bill, differing in many lespects
from those which had preceded it, which, con-
97
trary to my own expectations, and to the expect-
ations of many others, met the favor of a decided
majority in both Houses of Congress. That bill
was the first which passed Congress after the
claimants had been waiting forty-five years, and
it was vetoed by President Polk, who, among
his reasons for so doing, untenable as they were,
in my opinion, did not pretend to assert that the
claimants had ever been paid.
Afterwards, another bill to pay the claimants
for Frcnch spoliations prior to 1800 was intro-
duced here, and passed both Houses of Congress,
and President Pierce vetoed it—not on the erro-
neous grounds taken by Mr. Polk, but, as I have
said, on the not less erroneous belief that the
presumption was, these claims had been paid or
satisfied under the treaty of 1803. Now, sir, if
any man will take the pains to inspect the book
which is now submitted to the examination of
every Senator at his leisure, (and every one of
you can examine it when you please,) you will
see it is all in the handwriting of Mr. Cutting,
who was the secretary of the board of commis-
sioners; you will also see that, while the claims
under the treaty of 1803 were examined and
allowed, claims under the treaty of 1800 were not
presented or rejected when presented for allow-
ance. The whole foundation, then, of the veto
message was an error.
It may be, sir, that when these claims shall be
hereaftei before Congress I may not be here. If
so, let me now invoke the sense of justice of some
honest advocate of truth to examine this subject,
and especially the document now before us. He
would find itm the Department of State, to which,
by the President's order, it must now be returned.
His strongest sympathies will be excited as mine
have been, for these claimants, whose property
was bartered away by this Government to re-
deem the pledges we offered France in 1778 as the
consideration for her guarantee of our national
independence. They paid the price of our inde-
pendence to France; and many of them have pined
in poverty for more than fifty years, while not
one of them has ever received a cent for the rights
of which this Government, by releasing France,
forever deprived them.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the papers be printed ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I move that the papers be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER. I ask leave of the Senate to
introduce a bill, of which 1 have not given pre-
vious notice. I shall ask its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with a view that they
may provide some suitable remedy for the exist-
ing evils in California, and particularly in the
southern portion of that State, in regard to land
claims. I have taken the bill which received the
sanction of the Judiciary Committee in the House,
and have introduced it here, in order that the
whole subject may be investigated by the Senate
committee, in whose judgment I have great con-
fidence. I am anxious to relieve landed propri-
etors in that State from the onerous burdens
which are now imposed upon them, and simply
i desire, in this motion, to get the unbiased judg-
j ment of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate.
| I have not examined this subject as fully as I
; desire, and therefore cannot determine whether
j this is the proper remedy.
I There being no objection, leave was granted to
| introduce a bill to expedite the issuing of patents
! for confirmed land claims in California; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H.R.No. 13)
granting the right of way to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain railroad through the arsenal,
magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts.
Mr. WELLER. I do not intend to occupy
the time of the Senate on this subject. I am very-
sure that I have no personal feeling whatever in
regard to this matter, and I do not know, there-
fore, why I should have been charged yesterday
by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
with having exhibited a great deal of feeling
about it. Those whom I represent have no
other desire than to promote the public good.
As chairman of the Committee on Military'
Affairs, I have regarded the passage of this bill
as detrimental to the public interest. Entertain-
ing that opinion, and that being the opinion also
of the War Department of the Government, I
have felt it to be my duty to oppose the passage
of the bill. I have letters h£re from the officer
in command at St. Louis, who has been kind
enough to send to the Department a map or dia-
gram, showing not only these grounds, but the
route on which it is proposed to run the railroad.
I ask that the letter be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
St. Louis Arsenal, Jlpril 15, 1856.
Sir : With this I have the honor to submit to you a
sketch of the St. Louis arsenal, exhibiting the surveyed,
and more recently suggested, route of the Iron Mountain
railroad, as passing thiough the United States grounds.
You will also find marked the route which, in my judgment,
the interests of the Government demand.
The located route, indicated by the dark tint, would pass
through the arsenal grounds at an elevation of some four feet
and would not only cut us oif from communication with
the water gate, but would render entirely unavailable that
portion of the grounds included within the figure A, B,
C, D. The route pursuing the margin of the nver wall is
altogether practicable, avoiding the above-mentioned incon-
veniences, and, if adopted, would be of no disadvantage to
the arsenal.
The privilege of passing through the arsenal grounds, at
the present valuation of the property, may be estimated, at
least, at $50,000. This privilege is gratuitously granted the
company, and should assuredly induce a corresponding
liberality, and cause the company to yield so far to the
interest of the Government as not to unnecessarily invade
or destioy the public grounds, or in any manner to obstruct
the operations of the arsenal.
The fact of this railroad pursuing the river route is not
the result of necessity; and hence, in this relation of ne-
cessity, cannot appeal to the Government.
Another route, passing far to the west of the arsenal, and
one strongly contended for, was only lost through tiie per-
sonal interests of those exercising the controlling power.
Willi regaid to the " proposed route," I can only say that
we learn of it in connection with the resolution of th«
council of the city of St. Louis, which I had the honor to
transmit to you on the 28th ultimo, which, if really con-
templated and acquiesced in, would take from us the entire
river front of the arsenal.
I am much indebted to Lieutenant Balch, of the ord-
nance, for the sketch lieiewith submitted; nothing could
more clearly or satisfactorily present the whole subject. In
connection'with this sketch Mr. Balch is now engaged on
a map of the city, which will exhibit the surroundings of
the arsenal and its comparative isolation. This map is being
prepai ed from recent and authentic surveys, as well as from
personal observation, and will prove a valuable accession
to the archives of your office.
You will fully understand that, in attempting to discuss
this subject, I am alone actuated by a sense of duty to pro-
tect what 3 deem to be important interests of the Govern-
ment. I can have no personal concern whatever in the
matter at is^ue; and should he very sorry indeed if, by any
action of mine, I should obstruct the proper advancement
of this important enterprise.
I have concluded to send you the sketch by Adams &
Co.'s express.
Very respectfully, I am, sir, your obedient servant,
GEORGE D. RAMSAY,
Brevet Major United States Jlrmy, commanding.
Col. II. K. Craig, Chief of Ordnance, Washington.
Mr. WELLER. I have another letter, under
date of May 19, from Major Ramsay. He says:
St. Louis Arsenal, Missouri, May 19, 1856.
Sir : I have to-day transmitted you, by Adams & Co.'s
Express, a map of South St. Louis, compiled from the most
recent and accurate surveys, and fiom the closest personal
observation. The preparation of this map has involved
no little labor, and yet I seriously apprehend, from what I
understand to be the action of Congress with reference to
the Iron Mountain railroad, that it will be so much labor
lost. Should it be true that the road is to pass through the
ar-enal giounds, as represented by the St. Louis papers,
and as indicated bv the dark-tinted loute marked on the
sketch of the arsenal, heretofore presented to your consid-
eration, I cau only say that it is not only much to be la-
mented, but that the exaction of those who have carried
through the measure is highly illiberal to the Hnited States,
and must have originated in the ulterior view of securing to
the road the possession of the intermediate space between
the road and the river.
No one can view the ground, and no one has, witnout
at once pointing out the margin of our river bank (or wall)
as the propei route—the route marked on the sketch of the
arsenal as the one desired by the commanding officer.
