w
1936.)
AJMfBISPIX rm:TW\ GONUHB^KWAfc]QW>Wh
801;
34tii Cong.... 1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Mr, Geyer, Mr. Toucey, Mr, Brown, etc.
Senate.
fectly explicit. It is only to remove obstructions
to the right of suffrage, which it was promised
by the organic law should be perfectly free.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think that it is already j
done by the organic law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President. I 4m reluctant
to occupy one moment of the time of the Senate 1
in the discussion of this bill';- I think there has
already been discussion enough; but the amend-
ment which 1 have had the honor to submit has
been supposed to interfere with the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, because it imposes a limitation to some
extent on the power of the Legislature. Now, it
will be found that the whole of the eighteenth
section of the bill does precisely the same thing.
The eighteenth section imposes upon the legis-
lative .power of the Territory of Kansas all the
limitations imposed by the amendments to the
Constitution on the power of Congress. There
are some who suppose that these amendments
will be restraints on t^e legislative power of the
Territory, and some who suppose otherwise.
We propose to enact in this bill all these re-
straints, and we go further still. By the Kansas-
Nebraska act the Legislature had the power to
determine the qualifications of voters." This bill
fixes those qualifications as to the voters for
members of the convention. If these people were,
through their Legislature, to be perfectly free
to regulate their own institutions, they would of
course exercise the power that extends to the or-
ganization and fixing the qualifications of voters
for a convention to frame their own constitution.
But, sir, it is enough that the eighteenth section
contains precisely the same description of limita-
tions.- I have no particular solicitude about the
amendment. I framed it as a substitute for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware, because I preferred this form of expression
to his.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. So did I, and therefore
I voted for the amendmentas a substitute for that.
- Mr. GEYER. I framed.it, not that I had any
apprehension that either was a violation of the
Kansas-Nebraska act. It seems to me that some
Senators suppose, that when the power of Con-
gress, which is acknowledged on all hands, to
pass an organic act is once exercised, it is ex-
hausted, and that if a mistake is made in the
organic act—which is an act creating a local cor-
poration for the municipal government of the
rerritory—thai mistake can never be corrected
unless by the local Legislature. -Now I appre-
hend that it belongs to this Congress to legislate
upon all subjects on which the Thirty-Third Con.
gress had power to legislate. In relation to
Kansas Territory, this,theThirty-Fourth Con-
gress, may repeal the organic act and enact
another; tnat it may amend the organic act and
provide a remedy for any mischief which may
exist there, appropriate to organization. I; deny
altogether the power of Congress to interfere with
the Jaws of property, or the rights of persons;
but it is the settled practice of the Government,
established as a part of the'constitutional law of
this country, and I believe results from the very
necessity of the case, that Congress may insti-
tute a lo,cal government for a Territory. I will,
in a few words, express to the Senate my opinion
on this subject.
There can be within the territorial limits of the
United States, out of the limits of a State, no gov-
ernment without the consent of the United States.
I do not believe in the doctrine which is some-
times supposed to be that of squatter sovereignty,
that any number, of people collected together
within the jurisdiction of the United States, can
organize a government without the consent of the
United States. That assent must be given by
the United States, and can only be expressed
through Congress, and that as. a matter of neces-
sity and not by direct grant of the Constitution.
Therefore, when agovernmentis instituted, it is to
some extent conventional. It requires the coop-
eration ofthe Congress of the United States in tne
enactment of an organic law, and the assent of
those who are. to be governed.
After all, thea, sir, keeping within the scope of
the provisions of ah appropriate organic law, our
power is complete. It is only when we attempt
to touch the rights «f property, or to interfere
New Series—No. 51.
•with the municipal law properly so called, that1
we exceed our jurisdiction, in my judgment. As
I have said, I care very little about this amend-
ment. I offered it for the reason which I have
1 stated. I believe it is in perfect harmony with
I the eighteenth section of the bill, and interferes
: with none of the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
1 act
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, if there was
any one principle upon which we agreed in 1854,
it was that Congress had the power to give, tem-
porarily, an organic law to a Territory. I derive
that power from the express grant in the Consti-
tution, that Congress may pass all laws necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the powers
franted to Congress, and all other powers vested
y the Constitution in the Government of the
! i United States, or in any department of the Gov-
! ernment. Now, sir, until a State constitution
j is formed, we have power to give an organic law
j to a Territory. An organic law is altogether a
I different thing from laws regulating the domestic
! affairs, the local rights, the police, the rights of
: persons and. property in a community. It is, in
fact, the organism by which the people act—by
which they exercise what we call the sovereign
right to regulate their own internal affairs.
In every State of the Union, I think, without
exception, the constitution prescribes the quali-
fication of electors; and while the constitution
remains unaltered, the Legislature cannot inca-
pacitate any class of electors from exercising the
right of suffrage. All the State constitutions, cer-
tainly the greatest part of them, and the Consti-
tution of the United States, secure to individuals
the liberty of speech and of the press. I consider
it as exercising the power to organize a territorial
government, to take care that the people who are
qualified shall exercise the right of suffrage. I
consider it a violation of the intent of the organic
law, that any class of citizens should be deprived
of the right of suffrage on the ground of an indi-
vidual opinion, or on the ground of taking a test
oath, other than what is usual, to support the
Constitution of the United States. Sir, is there
a member of this body who is willing to say that
the people of Kansas may notjfcxercise the right
of free discussion with regard to their own internal
affairs, whether they will admit slaves into that
Territory or not? Surely, when we referred that
question to them, we meant that they should have
tne right of free discussion, free opinion, and the
right of freely expressing their opinions, and the
right to advocate either one side or the other side.
Otherwise it would be a mere mockery. On the
other hand, it was not, the intention of Congress
to say, that if certain opinions are entertained,
and individuals who otherwise are entitled to
vote are not willing to take certain oaths, they
shall be deprive of the elective franchise.
I consider this amendment of the honorable
Senator from Missouri—offered by him, and
coming from that quarter—as an amendment,of
the organic law properly. It is not an inter-
ference in the internal affairs of the Territory to
regulate the rights of persons or the rights of
property; but,  n the contrary, it is securing by
the organic law the exercise of the power of
what we call popular sovereignty—the right of
1 the people to form their own institutions, after
! public discussion, and to adopt them by the votes
' of the bona fide settlers in the Territory. I shall
' vote for this amendment, not as interfering with
I the doctrine of the Nehraaka bill, but as in ac-
! I cordance wltji it, and, carrying out the principle
, of that measure.
1 j . Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have no dis-
J position to prolong this discussion; but I have
: j an indisposition to see what I conceive to be error
propagated here. If, as is said on the Free-Soil
. side of the House, the Kansas Legislature was
! a naked usurpation, all its acts are, and of right
;; ought to be, null and yoid; but if it was a bona
fide Legislature,as I believe it to have been, it had
, the right to pass these laws. All parties who
are oppressed in the manner described by my
friend from Connecticut have their remedy in
i the courts of justice. If laws have been passed
!' there which deprived the citizen of his constitu-
i tional rights, let him go to the courts of the coun-
1 try for the assertion and maintenance of his
i rights. j
I learn now, for the first time, that the people
of a Territory have not the competence to regu-
late their own domestic and police matters in their
own way, but that it belongs to Congress; that
it is only in the higher branches that they have
the right to regulate their own affairs in their own
way. Am 1 to understand by this that the people
of a Territory have the right, if they choose, to
exclude 01- abolish slavery; and that if L believe,
as a southern man, such an abolition to be uncon-
stitutional, I must go to the courts for the main-
tenance of my rights; and yet, if other measure#
of less importance, mere matters of policc regula-
tion, are adopted, they may come to Congress and
beseech legislation to put it all right? If the
major proposition includes the minor, as I sup-
pose it does, and the people of the Territory have
the right to legislate on these great questions for
themselves, independent of the action of Con-
gress. I apprehend they have an equal, right to
legislate for themselves on the smaller questions.
I should like my esteemed friend from Connecti-
cut, to tell me where the line is—to what partic-
ular question it is applicable.
Under the general phraseology of the Kansas
j bill, he admits the people of the Territory have
the exclusive right to legislate. I supposed when
we passed the bill, that we intended by it to give
them a right to legislate on all subjects touching
their domestic policy; and that if anybody waa
dissatisfied he should go to the courts, and not
come to Congress for his remedy. This has been
my understanding, and I have endeavored to live
up to.it. My friend from Michigan and myself
differ very widely as to what are the powers of a
Territorial Legislature—he believing that they
can exercise sovereign rights, and I believing no
such thing—he contending that they have aright
to exclude slavery,and I not admitting the prop-
osition—but both of us concurring in the opinion
that it. is a question to be decided by the courts,
! and not by Congress. If we were agreed on that,
let us agree on this other proposition. If I had
been the party aggrieved by the laws of Kansas,
I knew the place to which I was pointed to seek
my remedy. If others are aggrieved, let them go
to the same place. I perceive what will be the
result of intermeddling in this manner with the
legislation of the Territory, Assert your right
to overturn their legislation—assert your right to
alter it, amend it, repeal it, or fix it to suit youi
selves, and other gentlemen will assert that yotj
must exercise the right to alter, amend, repeal,
J orfix, according to their notions, other legislation.
I ..Mr, CLAYTON. Will my friend permit me
1 to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. Does not the original Kan-
sas and Nebraska act expressly confer on the
Legislative Assembly the power only to legislate
upon rightful subjects of legislation ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the honorable Senator
hold- that the matters contained in either of the
acts repealed by this proposition were rightful
subjects of legislation?
Mr. BROWN. I hold that that is not a ques-
tion for my decision. I hold that if anybody has
been aggrieved by this legislation, he has hia
remedy in court. If the statute which, it is said,
forbids free debate should be enforced against my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] if he were there,
and he should be indicted for violating thatstatute,
he would have his remedy by an appeal to the
Supreme Court—a remedy provided by this very
law. Let him take his case there, and show that
his constitutional rights have been invaded—that
the statute is unconstitutional 
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator from Missia 
sippi tell me what judicial proceeding has ever
been invented.for the purpose of givinga man his
right to a vote of which he has been improperly
deprived by an act of legislation ? Is there any
sort of judicial appeal by which persons whohave
been prevented from voting can establish their
right ?
Mr. BROWN. If the people of the Territory
of Kansas had a right, as we declared, to regu-
late their domestic affairs in their own way, cer-
tainly they had a right to fix the qualification of
voters in- their own way- If they hag not the
right to do that, I do not think they had a right
