1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
The whole route of the road along the river, until it reaches
the arsenal, U immediately on the bank—the bank, without
suppoi t of any ki nd hut the natural inclination of the earth,
devious m its meanderings, and quite as hazardous a line
of raihoad a? one would desire to travel on. Approaching
the arsenal, where the bank is strongly reinforced by a sea
wall,, which hat.) existed the severest freshets, and secured
by an iron railing,, the route is made to deviate so as to cut
up unnecessarily the hont of the arsenal, leaving a space
between the road and the bank quite useless to the United
States, but which very fact may, and will, I dare say, he
urged, sooner or later, as an argument t'oryieldimj tins space
also to the railroad for workshops, or any other purposes.
I inclose the bill giantmgthe right of way,See., as taken
from the St Louis paper, and which devolves on the com-
manding officer of Jefferson bai racks, and not the com-
manding officer of the arsenal, the discretion therein pro-
vided. * * + # + *
Col. H. K. Craig, Chief of Ordnance, Washington, jD. C.
I can only say, sir, that all the officers of the
Army who are presumed to attend to the interests
of tlie Government are protesting against the
passage of this bill. They all regard it as inju-
rious to the public interests, as calculated to de-
stroy the value of the arsenal grounds; and I have
no doubt that the ulterior object is, as represented
in this letter, to obtain possession of that vacant
space of ground lying between the railroad and
the river. If Congress are willing to give to this
private corporation the right of way through the
public arsenal grounds when those "having charge
of that Department of the Government represent
that it will be against the public interests, cer-
tainly I have no objection to interpose. I have
only felt it my duty hero, as chairman of the com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to protest against giv-
ing to this private company the right of passing
through tiic public arsenal grounds at the expense
of the Government.
Mr. GEYER. T intended to have permitted
the vote to be taken on this bill without a single
remark; but the two letters which have been read
render it proper that I should correct a very im-
portant mistake in point of fact in each one of
those letters. I think that the last map which
has been made will show that the writer has com-
mitted a very great mistake in asserting that the
line of this railroad deviates from its course for
the purpose of cutting off tho arsenal track. I
desire to call the attention of Senators who are
disposed to listen to the facts connected with this
case, to the commencement of (he controversy,
and the stale of the question when tins bill was
formerly before the Senate.
Two or three sessions ago we passed a bill giv-
ing to this company the right of way through the
military grounds, provided the Secretary of War
should assent to it. The Secretary of War gave
his consent, upon several conditions, to ail of
which the company acceded,reserving, however,
the right, and declaring their intention, to apply
to Congress to relieve them from the two onerous
conditions which he proposed to impose upon
them.
These two conditions were that they should
noj use steam power through the grounds; and
that they should erect a stone wall through the
whole length of the military giounds for about
three miles on the one side, and an iron fence on
the oth^r.
These were the terms imposed by the Secre-
tary of War. The route of the road through the
arsenal grounds was assumed to. The company
had located the road about one hundred feet
further west, than it is now. and the Secretary of
War required them to remove it further east.
They consented to do so, and they made their
location accoidingly, the first eiFect of winch "was
to encounter a mill immediately south of the
arsenal grounds, which they were obliged to pur-
chase and demolish, in order to establish their
road there. The route of the road thus agreed
upon between the Secretary of War and the com-
pany at that time, and ever since adhered to by
the Secretary of War, until this officer at the
arsenal interfered, was subject to no other con-
dition, nithejudgmentot the Secretary,than that
there should be a stone or brick wall erected on
th|j we^side of the road, and an iron fr*nce on the
east. To remedy what the company considered
a burden thev,applied to Congress. Doth Houses
consented that they should put up a wooden
fence, d'-eming that to be a sufficient protection,
as it is everywhere else. On no other road is it
thought necessary that there should be stone
walls on the one side, and an iron fence on the
other. At the last session a committee of the
House of Representatives reported a bill. A copy
of it was introduced in the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and reported
to the Senate with certain provisions, all of which
are now to be found in this bill; and at the present
session that same bill, having passed the House
of Representatives, was referred immediately to
the Committee on Military Affairs of this body,
and again reported favorably upon.
What does this bill require? That this com-
pany should build fences such as should be ap-
proved by the commanding officer at Jefferson
barracks. That is made a subject of complaint
by Captain Ramsay. But who is the command-
ing officer of the Jefferson barracks? He is the
commander of the whole military district; he is
not an ordnance officer, but is the commander of
the whole district; and the inclosure is to be made
subject to his approval. The bill then proposes
that the company shall use proper guards to pre-
vent a communication of sparks with the maga-
zine, and that they shall use horse power only
when the Government is about to receive or ship
powder.
But now the Secretary of War having agreed
on the route, and the controversy down to this
period having been limited to the stone wall at
Jefferson barracks—for the Secretary of War did
not require it for the arsenal, and even consented
that the company might go through the arsenal
ground without any restrictions whatever, if they
would avoid the Jefferson barracks track—Cap-
tain Ramsay sends a map here, and mentions
another route which has been suggested. I shall
presently refer the Senate to what he supposes to
be the suggestion of another route. It is not made
by this company. It is located by the consent of
the Secretary of War. It is the location required
by him, and agreed to. Captain Ramsay found
a memorial adopted by the city council of St.
Louis, of which, I suppose, he transmitted a copy
to the Department, which he assumes to be the
suggestion of a new location of the road.
1 must here remark that the boundaries of the
city of St. Louis have lately been extended so as
to include a large district of country, and with it
this arsenal tract. The memorial of the Council
(inferred to) argues that it would be convenient
to the vJ-oveinment,asiLcertainiy would be to the
city of St. Louis, to have a sfieet rx tended through
the arsenal grounds, and ci wharf, as they call it,
established there for the landing of boats and
cargoes. It contains not a word about the loca-
tion of the railroad. I will read the prayer, which
contains the only allusion to the road contained
in the document:
u Your memomlHt-s, therefore, respectfully ask your hon-
oiahlc body to pas?, a law Kianunw blud whaif and street,
and aranimsr to the people of thus city, lor the suppoi t of
f.fli<K>l- . =o much of the proceed* ot the ^nlo of <aul small
pieces oi land as shall not be necessary to make said whaif
and stiect, reserving, however, to the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain uuhoaU the mrht oi way ovei said pieces of land
at such place a-, the otheeii of saul load shall select."
That is the only mention in this act of the cor-
poration of St, Louis, numbered 3,564, which is
referred to by Captain Ramsay, as the suggestion
of a difleren t route for the railroad. They merely
ask that, when the grant prayed for is made, the
right of way shall be reserved.
Now, sir, what does Captain RarfTsay do ?
Misstating the proposed reservation of the right
of way for a location, he makes out a diagram,
and places the conjectured location of the railroad
immediately against the arsenal building, and
locates the proposed street where the railroad is
located. lie does that, too, with a knowledge
that the rails have been laid down both south and
north of the arsenal tract; and that, in order to con-
nect them together, they must go some hundred feet
or more east of where he has placed that sug-
gested road. But where did he get the authority
for the suggested location of the rood ? Not from
this memorial, for it says not a word on the sub-
ject.
That is not all, sir. As an argument against
this grant, Captain Ramsay informs Congress
that the ground proposed to he taken by this
company is worth $.50,000. The quantity of
land proposed to be taken is just one arpen and
a quarter—it is less than an acre. This satisfies
me that Captain Ramsay has been guessing, and
guessing very largely. J can inform him, and I
am authorized to make the offer, that he can get
land a mile nearer the ©enter of the city for £6,000
an arpen. 1 suppose that he made uoan estimate
according to the best of his judgment; but to test
the accuracy of his judgment let it be compared
with what the actual sales are. Twenty-five dol-
lars a foot is a very extravagant price for land
one mile nearer the city. An arpen of ground,
when you take off the land necessary for the
streets, isabout one hundred and sixty feet. This
would make it less than $6,000 an arpen; and he
estimates this arpen and a quarter at $50,000!
This officer has caused a map of a portion of
the city of St. Louis to be constructed, and sent
on here to illustrate his argument against the bill
now before the Senate. It embraces nearly the
whole of the two southern wards of the city—
the arsenal tract and other lands south of It.
This map, I believe, represents correctly the line
of the river bank and the location of the railroad,
and shows that Captain Ramsay is greatly mis-
taken in the assertion that the road was made to
deviate from its course so as to cut off a portion
of the arsenal grounds. It so happens that the
line of the shore north of the arsenal grounds is
on the course of the road; but opposite the arsenal
ground it diverges to the east a short distance,
and then returns to the former course, so that the
arsenal tract extends further east than the lands
north or south of it, the river bank being the
boundary.
The line of the road, in order to pass through
the arsenal tract, at the place required by the
Secretary of War, as it is now located, diverged
from a straight line to the eastward. There is no
deviation westward to cut off any portion of the
arsenal tract, as asserted by Captain Ramsay; hut
he insists that they shall be made to deviate from
their line and follow the bank of the river in front
of the arsenal tract, although the rails are already
laid down to the line of the arsenal tract on both
sides, and according to the location agreed upon
between the company and the Secretary of War.
Mr. President, I have no desire to occupy the
time of the Senate longer. It has been my desire
to have a vote on the bill, and I hope it may now
be had, and the question decided.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not exactly under-
stand this bill; and it is very difficult to under-
stand a question of this kind here. Two or three
years ago, we passed a bill giving to this Iron
Mountain Railroad Company the right of way
through the public military grounds near St.
Louis, upon such conditions as the Secretary of
War should prescribe. That act of Congress
was executed; and if the care of the public mili-
tary property cannot be confided to the Secretary
of War, to whom can it be securely confided ?
This, therefore, sir, is an appeal from the judg-
ment of the officcr at the head of the Department
of War, who is intrusted with the charge of the
military property, which he has exercised in
giving the right of way through tho military
property near St. Louis. Questions of adminis-
tration, our experience teaches us, are not readily
comprehended hero. We cannot personally view
the premises, and hence it is apparent that they
must be left to the officer in charge. He has
exercised the power confided to him under the
act of Congress, and the conditions which he
imposed have been accepted.
It may be said, sir, that the cost to the com-
pany will be less under this bill than under the
act which Congress passed some years ago; but,
sir, even that question is obscured in doubt, and
we, sitting hero, must necessarily be embarassed
in determining it. I am exceedingly reluctant to
do anything that shall result in obstructing a
great public work like this; but difficulties pre-
sent themselves, and therefore I shall control my
action by a well-matured rule for my personal
guidance, which prescribes to my nund the pro-
priety of referring all such questions to the ad-
ministrative officer, who, from his sources of
information, is better qualified to decide them
With this view, 1 shall vote against the bill.*
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays
on the question, " Shall the bill be read a third
time?" and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas S3, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell ot New Hampshire, Bell
of Tunne^ee. Benjamin, Bright, Brown, Clayton. Col-
lamer, Onttcndcn, Douglas, Fessendcn, Foot, Fo-tei,
Geyer, Hale, Johnson, Pratt, Sebastian, ShdelJ. Thompson
of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Btgler, Brodhead, Cass,
