APPENDIX Title CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34nt Cong.... 1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clayton, Mr. Brown, Mr. Pugh, etc.
[July 2,
SENATE.
lb regulate their own affairs. That lies at the
rerv foundation of government.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will my friend from Mis-
sissippi Buffer me to ask him one other question?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. My friend agrees, if I un-
derstand him, that the provisions of the Kansas
act are as I have stated. The Legislative As-
sembly has power to legislate only on rightful
• subject* of legislation, and that power is declared
to be subject to the Constitution of the United
States. "He says that parties aggrieved may go
to the courts. Now, I ask him, as a lawyer,
how it mi possible to bring any of these questions
before the courts of the United States? How
could he take one of these questions before a
United States court?
Mr. BROWN. 1 thought I stated how. Sup-
pose A B is indicted in the Territory o' Kansas
for violating the statute against what is called the
freedom of debate. He believes the law under
■which he has been indicted to b€ unconstitutional.
He goes to the district court, makes his point,
and is overruled in it. The original bill, as I
understand it,provides for appeals to the Supreme
Court of the United States from the district
court of Kansas.
M r. CLAYTON. Bat take the case of voting ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question never
arises.until the election.
Mr. BROWN. Very well. I say, in refer-
ence to that, if the people of the Territory had
the right to regulate their domestic affairs in their
own way, it was a rightful subject of legislation
for them to make laws declaring who should, and
who should not, vote. Why had they not that
right? If the people of the Territory had the
power to regulate their domestic affairs in their
own way, it is not to be denied that they had the
right of prescribing the qualifications of voters.
I do not say that I would have prescribed such
Qualification*; I do not say that I would have
assed such laws; I do not say that I approve
them noW after they have been passed; but I say
that is none of my business. In voting for the
Kansas bill, 1 agreed to wash my hands of the
■whole matter, and not to interfere with the peo-
ple of the Territories. I am not going to inter-
pose every time their action does not square with
my ideas, because, if I do so, I see at once that
our friends on the other side of the Chamber will
Call on us to interfere wnen matters do not suit
their matter*. I denj the right to do any such
thing under the principles of the organic law.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I am loth to tres-
pass on the patience of the Senate at this stage
of the dahate, but this itra vital poipt in the dis-
cussion, and my purpose is to appeal to the Sen-
ators from Mississippi and t<> the Senator from
. Alabama to reconsider their determination. The
suggestion made by the Senator from Missouri
covers the whole ground. Is it pretended that,
meraly because we have passed an organic law
for this Territory, we never can amend it? Why,
- sir, we have amended it, or rather a previous
Congress has amended it. After a few months'
experience it was ascertained that a certain pro-
Vision of the original act was not most expedient,
and Congress interfered to alter it. I refer to that
provision which authorized the Governor origin-
ally to establish the seat of government. That
power was taken from him, and conferred on the
Legislature. In fact it must result, when we have
assumed the right to establish an organic law, that
we caii perfect that organic law. Surely, if we
ascertain upon experience that we have omitted
something that was essential to the organization,
we can supply it. The simple question now is,
not whether we shall interfere with the local affairs
of Kansas Territory in .any general sense, but
whether we shall put amendments which were
appropriate to the general bill, and which, I un-
dertake to say, would have been adopted in the
original bill if this controversy had been perceived.
I agree to much that has been said by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] I mean to re-
frain to the last possible degree from interfering
with those statutes; but when I am satisfied that
any act of the Legislature has gone beyond the
puxpos«s of the organic law, that the Legislature
ha# usurped, an authority never intended to be
which, if exercised, overthrows
the organic law, I am bound to go to the extent
of setting that right, but no further.
Now what is the power of the Legislature under
this act? As the Senator from Delaware well
said, it extends to alt " rightful subjects of legis-
lation consistent with the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of thiB act."
What are the provisions of this act? That the
people of Kansas Territory, whether <Jm"ing the
territorial form of government, or afterwards,
when they come to form a State constitution,
certainly at some period,shall be permitted to de-
bate, to discuss, and to decide whether that shall
be a slaveholding or a non-slaveholding State.
That is the purpose of the act, and any act of the
Legislature which prevents the people from de-
riding the question—which prevents the people
from debating the question, is a violation of the
organic law. My friend from Mississippi says,
that being the case why not appeal to' the courts
of justice? Sir, there is no appeal given in such
a case. It is provided that from the final judg-
ment of the territorial district courts where there
is a single judge, you may have a writ of error
to the Supreme Court; but you cannot have a
writ of error from the Supreme Court of the ter-
ritory to the Supreme Court of the United States
in any such eases. That is confined to cases
where property is at stake, or matters-involving
title to a slave. There is no authority in the
organic act to prosecute a writ of error in any
criminal case from the court that sits below us'to
any court in the territory.
Mr. BROWN. I'would suggest, then, to pro-
vide a remedy for that in this bill.
Mr. PUGH-. Now my friend has come on my
principle. There was a defect in the original
law. Can we not supply that defect?
. Mr. BROWN. My friend wholly misunder-
stands my position. I do not pretend to say that
you cannot amend the organic law, but I say the
legislation now proposed overturns the organic
law, and is at war with the great principle on
which it is based. I understand that laW to be
based on the idea of non-intervention—that this
Government is not to intervene ip the affairs of
the Territory, l^it, now, what are you doing ?
Why, sir, because their laws do not suit you,
you are overturning them one after the other. If
you have the right to overturn such'asdo not suit
you, pray, why have not the Free-Soil gentle-
men the right to overturn, if they have the power,
laws which do not suit them ?
Mr. PUGH. I shall stand by the side of the
Senator in defense of the doctrine of non-inter-
vention; and whenever he Show'fe me that any
proposition contained in the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri goes beyond the purpose
of the original act, or would haw been inappro-
priate as an amendment to the original act, I shall
vote to iitrikfe that out. I shall not vote to over-
turn the laws of the Territory. I shall simply
vote ■**-' '
of Kansas any conditions which were riot de-
signed by Congress. I have noftiiiie to read the
twenty-seventh section of the organic act, but I
invite theattention of the Senator to it, with a
view to discover the fact that there is no writ of
error in criminal cases from the Supreme Court
of the United States to the Supreme Court of the
Territory.
But, sir, I have another difficulty. I interrupted
my friend from Mississippi to propound to him
the question, what remedy, judicially, have the
men who are disfranchised ? I have an utter ab-
horrence of all statutes that are passed to tie up
the right of suffrage. I stated before that this
very act was not without precedent in other Ter-
ritorial Legislatures. I do not mean to uphold
this Kansas Legislature as the worst one thatever
existed, but I mean to say that this legislation,
in my judgment, is fundamentally wrong. I
want no provision to fetter the right of suffrage.
We have, by the Kansas act, cieded to the people
of the Territory the right to settle this questidn.
Who are the people of the Territory? "It results
necessarily that we must define them. We have
defined them. We have provided, in the law,
that at the first election certain persona only shall
vote; and if we can do that for the first election,
why not for the second, or third, or fourth?
Who are the people of Kansas? Are tbey In-
dians? Are they negroes ? Are they aliens ? It
is for us to say on what body of men we have
devolved this right. We have said it in the
original act, and all I desire now is to perpetu-
ate the original act—to provide that, at all future
elections, those persons who were authorized to
choose the first Legislature shall be the persona
authorized to choose the second.
I assumed, I believe, that a majority of the
Legislature which assembled in Kansas were
rightfully chosen. I do not make "any point on
that; but if they were ever so rightfully chosen—
if they did represent the people at that time, they
have no right to punish their opponents for think-
ing differently. I think it would be a fair case
for interference even in a State. Why, sir, (Mr.
Weller in the chair,) let me take your State of
California with a view to the present condition of
things there. Suppose your Legislature were to
provide that ho person holding an opinion favor-
able to the proceedings of the committee of vigi-
lance, which is now holding a usurped authority
over & part of that State* should ever be per-
mitted tt> vote- for the 6ffice of the President of
the United States: would that be a republican
form of governmtent? ft amounts to this : Shall
a majority succeeding in the election of one Legis-
lature, when, perhaps, the people may change
their opinion, have the right to perpetuate their
power by inflicting penalties on their opponents?
Sir, it is despotism—nothing more nor nothing
less can be made out of it. To say that, because
dne party had triumphed to-day in Kansas at the
election of this Legislature, it is togo on and fetter
its opponents so that they, by no change ofopin-
ion, shall ever have the power; isdespotism. The
suggestion comes with a bad grace—let me say it
in a good spirit—from my friend from Missis-
sippi. Have we not been told, during this ses-
sion , that it Would not do to acknowledge a power
in the Territorial Legislature to establish or pro-
hibit slavery, because that would put it in the
power of the first settlers to fix the condition of the
Territory forever ? That has been the argument.
Now, forsooth, the first settlers—the first Legis-
lature, Are to decide it; and because they suc-
ceeded in-electing the first body of men, they are
to prohibit their Opponents from voting to the end
of all-time. I do riot think this was contem-
plated by th£ organic law.
Then, I come to the question, what other rem-
edy have we if we have not the remedy by the
courts ? I repeat my question: How can the voter
Who has been prevented from voting as such,
acquire his right by any judicial proceeding ? I
see learned lawyers around me. VVill some one
pf them tell me that writ, that process, that suit*
that plaint—call it'what you will—by which a
Voter yrhd has been disfranchised can obtain Kis
fiemedy ? I know that, in sorrfe of the States, he
is said ttt have the right to sue the judges of
eWwiti&rilahd'get damases, but he does not get his
Vote. As my friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
well suggests, the idea is, that a lttan is to be
compelled to travel through all the territorial
courts up to the Supreme Court of the UtYited
States—a poor man, too—to establish his right
to vote; and When He has established it by a
nominal verdict of a few dollars against the elec-
tion Officers, another judge refuses him the right,
atid he has the glorious privilege of bringing
another suit; but I cannot see how he will ever
get the vote, and therefore I ask my friend from
Mississippi to tell me the judicial remedy. I say
again, I appeal to legal gentlemen to tell me
where this legal remedy is? There is no other.
You must either admit that the first body of set-
tlers—five thousand or six thousand df them—-
who have elected the first Legislature, may di-
rectly prevent all ftiture comers from voting, or
you must pass the amendment of the benator
from Missouri. „ . . , „f _
Now, about this other body of legislation
the statute which punishes men for expressing
their opinions in one way or another. 1 *
very strained construction has been P a
that statute. 1 do not think it would legally
bear that construction; but I am satisfied, prac
tically, that such a construcUon has been put on
it by some of the inferior officers in that Tern-
