1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Pur-
year, Quitman, Heady, Ricaud, Rivers, lluffin, Sandidge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, William Smith, William It.
Smith, Sneed, StejJhens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Trippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Darnel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zoiilcoffer—97.
NAVS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Rail, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis
JD. Campbell, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Da-
vis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman,
Hoiloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Ivil-
lian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Robbins, Roberts, Robi-
fiou, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Strana-
han, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
buroe, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wa&hburn, Watson,
Welch, Woodruff, and Wood worth—102.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr, Norton.
Mr. MOORE stated that he had paired off with
-Mr. Campbell, of Kentucky, on this bill.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Maxwell.
Mr. PRINGLE stated that Mr. Ritchie had
paired off with Mr. Vail.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that Mr. Bishop
had paired off with Mr. Letcher.
Mr. KNAPP stated that Mr. Burlingame had
paired off with Mr. Boyce.
The question recurred on Mr. Barclay's mo-
tion to reconsider the vste by which the bill for
the admission of Kansas as a State into the Union
was rejected.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded.
The question being, " Shall the main question
be now put?'*
Mr. ORR called for the y^as and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BiUinghurst, Bingham, Bli^s, Biadnhaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, James 11. Campbell, Lewis 1). Camp-
bell, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claik,Clawson,Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damioll, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duriee, Edio, Ed-
ward*, Enine, Flagler, Gallowav, GiddmgH, Gilbeit, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman, Jlolloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentino B. llorton, Howaid, Hugli's-
ton, Keisoy, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Inciter, Matteson, MeCaity, Meacham, Killian
Miller, Mdlward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muriay, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Peaire, Pelton, Peiry, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Purviance, Bobbins, Roberts,Robison, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Thor-
ington, Thurston, Todd, Ttafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bndge. Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wa^hburno, KUiliu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Woodiuff,
and Woodworth—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Boll, Hendley
. S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, C laigc, Crawford,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davt-:, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Ensue, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Hciuy M. Fullei, Thomas J. 1). Fullei,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J Moirisou Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas 1,. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Millci, Million,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps. Powell, I'm-
year, Quitman, Iteady, Ricaud, Rivera, Ruitin. Rupt, San-
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Taylor, Trippe, Undcnvood, Valk, Wulkci. Wai-
Watkins, Wheeler, William--, Window, Daniel 15.
" right, John V. Wright, and Zolhcofler—98.
So the main question was ordered.
Pending the call,
Mr. ORR stated that his colleague, Mr. Keitt,
had paired off with Mr. Wood.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I an-
nounced yesterday that Mr, Talbott had paired
off with Mr. Stanton untilMonday evening next.
I see in the Globe this morning that Mr. Tal-
bott is stated to have paired off with Mr. Har-
lan. That is incorrect. He paired off with Mr.
Stanton till Monday evening.
Mr. BARCLAY asked leave to vote, and stated
that he had stepped inside of the bar as Mr.
Bell's name was being called.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What name fol-
lows that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Barclay?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the name standing next to that of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is that of Mr. Barksdale.
This, by the rules of the House, would preclude
the right of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
vote.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask the privilege of voting.
Several Members objected.
Mr. ETJSTIS, (at one o'clock and forty-five
minutes.) I move that the House do nowadjourn.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays, and
for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and McQueen, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes forty, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 78, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Biooks, Broom, Burnett, Cad-
walader, Caskie, Chngman, Cox, Craige, Crawfoid, Cullen,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eth-
eudge, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Houston,
Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Lake,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, McMullin, McQueen, Mordeeai Oliver, Peck,
Phelps, Poiter^ Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Rivers, Ruflin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Sliced, Stewart, Taylor, Tnppe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner. Wheeler, Whitney,
Wuiblow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coirer—178.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghur&t, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Ciagm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durtce, Edie, Ed-
wards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Gidding*, Gilbeit, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Hanis,
Haven, Ihckman, Hoiloway, ThomasR. lloiton, Valentine
B. lloiton, Howard, Hughston, Jewett, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Samuel
S. Marxian,Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller,
.Smith Millei, Millson, Millwaid, Moigan. Morrill, Mott,
Mmray, NichoN, Andrew Oliver, On, Packer, Parkei,
Pearce, Pelton Periy, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Robbins,
Roberta, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sher-
man, William Smith, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Thor-
ington Thinston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wat&on, Welch,
WoodrulF, and Woodworth—114.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Hoffman had
paired off with Mr. Pettit.
The question recurred on Mr. Barclay's mo-
tion to reconsider the vote whereby the bill
admitting Kansas as a State was rejected.
Mr. ORR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albnght, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, TIenry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bmgliam, Bli^s,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Buflinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Bayard Claike, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Ciagm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Edwaids, Einne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Granger, Giow, Robeit B. Hall, Ildildn, Hickman,
llollnwny. Thomas R Horton, Valentine B. Horton,
Howaid, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Khapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matte&on, McCarty, Meacham,
Kilhan Miller, Milhvard, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
NichoN, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Poaice, Pelton, Perry,
Pike, Pnngle, Pmviance, Robbins, Roberts. Rolnson, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Scoti, Shennan, Spinner, Stranahan, 1'appan,
Thnniintnn. JPhuiston, Todd, Trafton, Wado, Wakeman,
Walbndge, Waldron. Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Wa^hhuine, Israel Washburn, Wat&on, Welch, VVoodrufT,
and Woodworth—101,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, B'-ll, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Biooks, Broom, Bur-
nett. Cadwalader, Canuhers, Ca^kic, Clmcrman, Howell
Faulknei. Florence, Henry M. Fullei, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Houston, Jewoit, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordeeai Oliver,
Oir, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter. Powell, Puryear, Q,uit-
raan, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruflin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Sewai d, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wat
kins, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, John V, Wright, and Zollicoffer—99.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GROW. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Sage were appointed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order now to move
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 99, noes 96.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. McQXFEEN. I move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, if that motion is sustained. There
has been no change in the bill since that motion
was put and disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. There has been no change
in the bill since then; but the Chair is under the
impression that the House has not refused to
table the bill since the question arose on its pas-
sage. That motion was made and negatived
before the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; but the Chair does not recol-
lect that that motion has been made since the vote
arose on its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
remark that it is not necessary that there should
be a change in a bill or proposition in order to
make a second motion to lay it on the table in
order. Even on the same day after making the
first motion, a second motion of a similar charac-
ter would be in order.
The SPEAKER. That question does notarise
in this case. The Chair is of opinion—and, on
conferring with the Clerk, the recollection of the
Chair is sustained—that there has been no motion
to lay on the table since the order was made for
engrossingand reading the bill a third time. The
question, therefore, on the passage of the bill, is
a new stage of the bill, and a motion to lay the
bill on the table is in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I request the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw that motion,
and let us have a direct vote on the bill.
Mr. WALKER. I would like to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from South Carolina.
I think this side of the House is bound, in good
faith, to allow the final vote to be taken this
morning. The first vote taken this morning was
upon the motion that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next. Afterwards,
when a disposition was manifested on this side
of the House to oppose the taking of the final
vote upon the passage of the bill, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] moved to reconsider
the vote by which the House had agreed to ad-
journ over till Monday. It was then announced
from all quarters, on this side of the House, that
there was no disposition to prevent the bill from
coming to a final vote, and that the only object
in delaying that vote was to allow certain gen-
tlemen, who were on their way to the House,
time to come in. I think, therefore, that,in good
faith to the other side of the House, we should
allow the final vote to be taken. I trust, there-
fore, that the gentleman from South Carolina will
withdraw his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. McQXTEEN did not withdraw his motion.
Mr. TRIPPE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hickman
and Underwood were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 30, noes 104.
So (one fifth having voted in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. McQ,uken's
motion;and it was decided in the negative—yeaa
97, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, B<irksda!e, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Bianeh, Brooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Chn^man, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crairre, Crawford,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
