1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Orr.
Ho. of Rep
s.
decided not to insert that amendment; but still it
is in order to move to strike out and insert some-
tiling else.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the vote will be taken
at once on the amendment. That is the shortest
way of getting rid of it.
Mr. SEWARD. I have made no limitation in
the printed form of my bill, except to add these
words at the close of the third section in deference
to the criticism of the Committee on Territories:
And that the boundaries herein set forth shall be taken
and held to be the boundaries of the said State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator desire the amendment read ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I only ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
■taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer, Dur-
keo, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Seward, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—11.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatnck,
Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pratt, Pugh, Rrid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright,
and Voice—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time; and on the question, "Shall the bill
pass?"
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have stated strong
objections to this bill, and I feel them; but as I
hope and trust it will operate as a measure of set-
tlement and peace, I shall sacrifice all the objec-
tions I have to it, and vote for the bill. I have
great difficulty on account of the small numbers
there, and the hasty introduction of the new Ter-
ritory as a State, but I am willing to waive this.
Mr. GEYER. I desire to say also, in expla-
nation of my own vote, that I am not altogether
satisfied with the bill. I objdftt to it on the ground
that there is not a sufficient population; but in
order to settle the difficulties as far as possible by
the legislation of this Congress, I shall vote for I
the bill. I
Mr. DODGE. I ask leave to make a brief ex- j
planation of my vote against this bill. I havei
heretofore voted against the extension of slavery !
under the instructions of my Legislature. I shall j
continue to do so. Although I have seen much i
to approve in the bill reported by the Committee
on Territories, and really think it is ■well calcu- |
lated to give peace to the people of Kansas, I j
shall vote against it; for as long as I represent
the people of Wisconsin, and as long as their
Legislature, which sends me here, instructs me, |
as it has done ever since I have been a member .
of this body, for eight years, I feel bound to con-
form my action to their instructions, or resign
my position. I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall waive the speech
which I had intended to make on this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allpn, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay,
Crittenden, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pratt, Pugh,
Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot. Foster, Hale, Seward,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson —12.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CASS. The bill which we have just passed
is a very important one. It ought to be circulated
in the country. I desire the printing of an extra
number of copies of it. I will accept any propo-
sition which gentlemen may think proper as to
the number.
Mr. BIGLER, and Mr. JONES of Iowa. Say
ten thousand.
Mr. CASS. I think it would be better to say
twenty thousand. I move the printing of twenty
thousand extra copies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
must go to the Committee on Printing under the
rules.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The motion to print the
regular number can be agreed to at once.
Mr. CASS. I move that the usual number be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to print twenty thousand extra numbers will go
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Although
it is three or four hours since the sun rose, this
is considered technically yesterday. I move
that when the Senate adjourns to-morrow, which
will be some time to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. According to the record,
this is Wednesday, and, therefore, the motion
should be to adjourn from Thursday to Monday.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. That is
my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What has become of the
proposition of the.Senator from Michigan to
print extra numbers of the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to amend the mo-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, so as to
print the same number of copies of all the amend-
j ments offered to the bill, and the votes upon them.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a right to make
the motion. I have the floor.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois make that motion now?
! Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I make the
I motion as an amendment to that of the Senator
j from Michigan.
! Mr. BIGGS. I suppose that motion will go
i to the Committee on Printing.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will go to that committee as a matter of course.
Mr. JOHNSON. The propositions referred
to the committee are separate motions, I under-
stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. When we meet on Thurs-
day, according to our standing rule, it will be at
twelve o'clock. I move that when the Senate
meets to-morrow—technically to-morrow—it be
at ten minutes past eight o'clock.
Mr. CASS. What is the use of that kind of
humbug? This is Thursday now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The standing
order of the Senate fixing the hour of meeting at
twelve o'clock cannot be changed unless by a
proposition of which one day's notice has been
given. It will therefore require unanimous con-
sent to entertain the motion of the Senator from
New York. The Chair understands objection
to be made.
On motioft of Mr. PRATT, the Senate ad-
journed.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES L. ORR,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 9, 1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of Hon. Preston S.
Brooks on Hon. Charles Sumner, of the Senate,
Mr. ORR said:
Mr. Speaker: I will not enter into an elaborate
reply to the speech which has been delivered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.1 One
or two assertions made by that gentleman I must
notice, however, and notice them very distinctly.
After indulging in an intensely exquisite parox-
ysm of transcendental eloquence about the wrongs
of Kansas, he says that Senator Sumner was
stricken down in consequence of his pleading in
behalf of the people of that Territory. I know
that such an impression has been already at-
tempted to be produced on the public mind. The
statement is not warranted by the facts: it is un-
true. The facts are these: My colleague [Mr.
Brooks] approached Mr. Sumner, and said:
" I have read your «peech carefully, and with j
as much calmness as I could be expected to read I
such a speech. You have libeled my State, and
slandered my relation, who is aged and absent,
and I feel it to be my duty to punish you for it."
Tlftre is the cause of the assault—not that the
Senator from Massachusetts made a speech
againstthe repeal of the Missouri compromise, and
in favor of the admission of Kansas into the Union
as a State under the Topeka constitution—not
in protestation against what he calls the wrongs
of Kansas—no, sir, my colleague was actuated by-
nobler impulses. He had heard of the Senator s
speech; but when he saw in print the language
indulged in against his native State and a near
and aged kinsman, then absent, he felt that there
was a high and holy obligation resting on him to
j step forward and repel the insult made on the
character of his State and his relative.
| Mr. Speaker, with reference to personalities in
' debate, I have to say this: 1 have been a Repre-
: sentative on this floor for seven years, and during
that time I have not had a personal controversy
; with any member. 1 never had occasion to in-
! dulge in invective against States or individuals.
' But, sir, whenever 1 feel called on to inveigh
.against any State or individual, 1 hold myself
responsible for what I utter out of the House as
well as in it. There is no other rule to be ob-
served which can give men security against the
libels of the foul-mouthed slanderer who chooses
to indulge in them under the privilege which he
enjoys as a member of this or the other House
of Congress. Dr. Franklin was right when he
uttered the sentiment, " My proposal, then, is to
leave the liberty of the press untouched, to be
exercised in its full extent, force, and vigor, but
to permit the liberty of the cwlgcl to go with it
pari passu!" He might have said the same thing
of freedom of speech. It is no more a violation
of the freedom of speech to hold a man to per-
sonal responsibility when he transcends what
legitimately belongs to the argument—to call a
member to account outside of the Hall for what
he speaks or publishes unjustly inveighing against
another, than it is a violation of the freedom of
the press to hold to personal responsibility an
editor who prostitutes his columns with slanders
against individuals for which' they have no ade-
] quale remedy. Is it not an every-day occurrence
that editors slandering people meet with their
j just reward—a broken head ? That is as great a
j violation of the Constitution securing freedom of
the press, as gentlemen prSend has been com-
mitted by my colleague on the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and yet would this House take cogni-
zance of the affair, or would they let the courts,
the proper judicial tribunalfor judging of offenses,
administer justice between the parties ?
There was another thing said by the gentleman
from Ohio. He said my colleague struck down
Mr. Sumner with a bludgeon. That is not true.
The testimony is that the blow was inflicted with
an ordinary walking cane. The witness, who tes-
tified to the size of the cane, after a careful meas-
■ urement, said that at the upper end, near the head,
' it was an inch in diameter, and at the other end
only five eighths of an inch, and that it was hol-
low. Yet the gentleman talks about a bludgeon in
a manner that one would suppose, if the facts were
not known, that my colleague had stricken down
the Senator with a club, or bludgeon of great di-
mensions and weight. If my colleague has vio-
lated the privileges of the House, let the violation
be fairly stated. Let there be no exaggeration.
Fair play, gentlemen, is a jewel. My colleague
would be incapable of doing you such an in-
justice as a misstatement of the facts, with a
view to aggravate or excuse the alleged offense.
If he has violated the privileges of the House, i£
is due to truth and justice that he should
judged of here and elsewhere by the testinqgjjj
you have taken, and not by the hyperbolfv^jg
which rhetoric may invest them, to "
sentence, or turn a period." i U;..<jar,
I know, sir, why all these things ha.v#rljeen
paraded before the public. The objectrMht^pp,-
erate on the public mind in regard to the, fiqnru$g
presidential election. Here is the fouryA^iPftfof
all this clamor; for who before ever Jieaa-cji^rj,
personal controversy magnified into sijgh Gopser
quence as this. Not contented with tefl,xWvi^ttfl4
misrepresentations of the affair,  
press, and in public and private circles, m<3re than
