1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams,
Sampson W. 11 an is, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Houston,
.Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kenneh,
Kidwell, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, MeMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William It.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart. Swope, Taylor, Trjppe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffcr—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball. Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Bufflnton, James H. Campbell, Lewib
D. Campbell, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Calfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durtee,
JSdie, Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Rohm B. Hall, Hailan, Hickman, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Hughston,Kelsey, King,Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leitcr, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan
Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murmy, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peaice, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Prin-
gle, Purviance, Bobbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sago,
Sapp,Scott, Sherman, Spinner,Stranahan. Tappan, Thor-
ington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washhurne, Ellihu B.
Wa&hbume, Israel Washburn, Welch, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—100.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. "WATSON stated that he had paired off
for the balance of the day with Mr. GIuitman.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I desire to solicit a
favor of the House to each member of the House.
I ask that, by unanimous consent, the bill which
has this morning come from the Senate may be
printed for the use of the House.
Objection was made.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Alison, Ball, Bai bour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billuighuist, Bingham, Bliss,Biad-
fehaw, Brenton. Buffinton, James H. Campbell. Lewis D.
Campbell, Bajard Clarke. Ezia Clark, dawson, Colfax,
Comin=.Covode,Ci agm,Cumback, Damrell,Timothy Davie,
Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway,Giddings, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Hailan, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, loiter, Matteson. McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan
Miller, Millward, Morgan, MoiriU, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pcarce, Pelton, Perry, Pike,
Prmgle,Pui viance, Robbing,Robert",Robison. Sahm. Page,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stianahan, Tappan,Thor-
ington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridce, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wa?hbu>-nc, Ellihu B.
Wathburne, Isiael Washburn, Welch, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—99.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale. Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett. Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Biooks, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Ca«kie, Clingman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Cnuge, Crawfoid, Cullen,
llenry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmund-
son, Ensh&h, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
IJenry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hairis, Harrison, Haven, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kid-
wall, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maishall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMulhn,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Milkon, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peck. Phelps, Portei, Powell, Puryear, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swopc. Taylor. Tnppe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Willow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright," and ZolhcofTer—97.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr.'GROW called for the enforcement of the
latter clause of the 39th rule.
Mr. EUSTIS called for the enforcement of the
entire rule.
The ruin was read, as follows:
"While the Speaker is putting any question, or address-
ing the House, none shall walk out of, or across the House;
nor in such case, or while a member is speaking, shall en-
U-rtain private discour&p, nor while a member is speaking
*hall pa<* between him and the Chair. Every member shall
K-iiiam uncovered during the session of the House. No
member or other person ^hall visit or remain at the Clerk's
table, while the ayes and noes are calling, or ballots are
counting."
Mr. GROW moved the previous question upon
the adoption of the title of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The title was then adopted, as follows:
An act for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the title of the bill was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SPEECHES IN COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and I wish to state to the House my
object in making the motion. There are some
gentlemen who are going to be absent from the
city, and who wish to make speeches. The de-
bate under the hour rule on the Army bill will be
closed by order of the House in two hours after
they next resume its consideration in committee.
There are gentlemen who are very anxious to
speak; ami I propose to go into committee, and
then take a recess until some hour in the evening,
for the purpose of giving these gentleman an
opportunity to speak. It will be done with the
understanding that no business shall be trans-
acted, or vote taken, except to adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that the debate has already
been closed on the Army bill. It was closed by
the resolution of the House on Tuesday last.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In two hours after the
consideration of the bill shall be resumed in com-
mittee.
Mr. COBB. No, sir; the resolution states " two
hours after its consideration shall have been re-
sumed in committee on Tuesday next." This
was on Tuesday last; so that if we go into com-
mittee no debate can be had, and nothing done
except to proceed with the consideration of that
bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I will move to lay
aside that bill, and to take up another.
Mr. COBB. I certainly have no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are a good
many gentlemen here who are desirous of making
speeches. These speeches will have to be made
at some time, and they will consume the time of
the House. I ask, therefore, that the House will
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and allow these speeches
to be made. It will be a saving of time, and we
can provide by unanimous consent that no busi-
ness shall be done. I also ask that the debate
under the hour rule, on the Army bill, may, by
unanimous consent, be continued until next week.
No possible risk can be run by adopting this
course. Next week the time of the House will
be more precious than it is this evening.
In this connection I desire to enter my protest
against this custom of presenting and filing
speeches, not one word of which is ever delivered
in the House. I hope that hereafter no consent
will be given for the publication in the proceed- j
ings of the House of any such speech. [Cries i
of " Order!"] j
The House then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, :
of Alabama, at half past four o'clock, p. m.,
adjourned until Monday next at twelve o 'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 7, 1856. |
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. HenryC. Dean.
The Journal ofThursday wasreadand approved, j
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. !
A message from the House of Representatives, i
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they j
had passed a bill (K. R. No. 411) for the admis-
sion of the State of Kansas into the Union; which, !
on motion of Mr. Douglas, was read twice by ;
its title, and referred to the Committee on Tern-
tories.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. j
The PRESIDENT vro tempore laid before the j
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, commu- i
nicating information of the completion of room ■
No. 3, in the basement of the north wing of the ;
Capitol extension. !
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the President of j
the-Senate have authority to assign the room. 1
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented apetition of ship-
owners and merchants of Gardiner, Farmingdalc,
and Pittston, Maine, praying that the duties on
all raw materials imported into the United States
may be abolished; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Margaret
Davis, widow of George Davis, a sailing master
in the Navy, who died of disease contracted in' the
service, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
tie also presented a memorial adopted at a
meeting of members of the bar held at Tyler, in
the State of Texas, praying that that State may be
divided into three judicial districts; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of R. P.
Eldridge, praying that the officers and company
of the Clinton Guards, of the Michigan militia,
called into the service of the United States in the
year 1838, by the Governor of Michigan, may be
allowed compensation for their services; wnich
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Henry J. Benson, late a lieutenant in the reve-
nue cutter service, praying to be allowed bounty
land for his services in the Mexican war; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Israel
Warner, a captain i22 the sccona regiment of Ohio
militia during the war of 1812, praying for the
repayment of money advanced for the subsist-
ence. of his company; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Moses Olm-
stead, an invalid pensioner, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying that the selections of
swam}) lands made by that State under the act of
the 28th of September, 1850, may be confirmed;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Dubuque,
Arkansas, and Minnesota Packet Company,
praying for a grant of land to the Territory of
Minnesota for the construction of a railroad from
Henderson, on the Minnesota river, to some nav-
igable point on Mille Wakon Lake; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
George J. Knight, praying for further indemnity
on account of a vessel, belonging to him, being
impressed into the service of the United States,
and subsequently destroyed, in the year 1814;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles West, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Nathan Towson and others, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 381) for
the benefit of the captors of the British brig Cale-
donia, in the war of 1812; which was read the first
time, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John Etheridge, asked to be discharged from its
consideration, and that it be referred to the Court
of Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain John B.
Montgomery, praying to be released from his
liability for "an unpaid balance of public money
intrusted to him for recruiting purposes, and lost
in consequence of the failure of the bank in which
it was deposited, asked to be discharged from ths
consideration of the petition, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance; which was
agreed to.
MAIL ROUTES IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitfed the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resohcit, That the Committee on the Post Office and
