806
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Orr.
Ho. of Reps.
eighty members this morning voted in effect to
print at the public expense one hundred thousand
extra copies of the report of the select committee,
more than one third of which report is a reprint
ofSenatorSr.mxer'soffensive speechinfull. And
forwhat' When, sir, in the history ofthia House,
or of the Senate, has it before been found neces-
sary that a Committee on Printing should recom-
mend to the House to print one hundred thousand
copies of the report of a committee on a question
of privilege for circulation, and to be paid for at
the public expense ? Why, sir, it is intended as
an electioneering document for the Republican
party. That is what it was for. Itwasintended
to be scattered all over the North with a view of
holding everybody upon this floor, who did not
vote with these gentlemen in favor of the investi-
gation, and who may vote against the expulsion
of my colleague, responsible for the assault com-
mitted. That was the purpose of it.
Mr. HICKMAN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question? I
voted against the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to limit the number to
ten thousand copies, and was opposed to print-
ing one hundred thousand copies. I preferred a
number between the two. Does the gentleman
mean to say, therefore, thai I voted for it as an
electioneering document to assist the Republican
cause ? I say that I did not vote for it as an elec-
tioneering document, for the simple reason that I
owe no allegiance to the Republican party, and
am opposed to it in every way.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to know of the Chair
whether an objection to these interruptions during
the progress of this discussion will stop them
The SPEAKER.. An objection will do so.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then I desire to say that,
during the progress of the discussion on this ques-
tional shall interpose objection to every interrup-
tion that occurs in my presence.
Mr. ORR. This, air, is a part of a system to
further inflame the public mind; and if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania did not vote for it for
that purpose, then he cast a vote, without intend-
ing it, the effect of which was to affect and injure
the party that he professes to belong to.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me?
The SPEAKER. It ia not in ordeT unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has the floor, and cannot yield it to
another member without the consent of the
House.
• Mr. LEITER. I object.
Mr. ORR. This systematic effort to mislead
and inflame the public mind of the North does
not stop here. I propose to take up the report
of the majority of the committee, together with
the testimony which was taken, pending the ex-
amination before that committee, to show that
there was either a very strong prejudice in the
minds of the gentlemen composing the majority,
or else that they were looking out with a view
of preparing a document that would be of great
service in the approaching presidential election.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gen- -
tleman allow me a word ?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman is going to reply to
me, and I have several things to say about this
report. I do it in all kindness. I do not intend
to be personally offensive to the gentleman; but
1 am at liberty to comment upon the report and !
upon this testimony, and I intend to exercise that I
?«1V1o^e" remarked, sotlo voce, that is what j
Mr. Sumner was knocked down for. Whenever j
I make a personal assault on any man, and he :
desires to indulge in the luxury of attempting to
knock me down, he will find me here, or at 455
E street, or twice a day upon the Avenue, leading
from here to my boarding house, and I shall not
appeal to this House for protection.
Now, sir, the majority of the committee in
their report say: " The wounds are severe and
calculated to endanger the life of the Senator
who remained for several days in a critical con-
dition. " That is the opinion of the learned doctors
on the majority of the committee, headed by my
distinguished friend from Ohio. Well, sir, it is
an old pibverb, and a very true one, that it is the
I privilege of doctors to disagree, and there seems
i to be a very great difference of opinion upon this
! question between the learned doctors of the com-
' mittee and Dr. Boyle, who was the attending
physician on Mr. Sumner. He states in his tes-
timony that the wounds were flesh wounds, and
in conclusion he says:
" 1 have seen no medical man with him but myself.
There has been none there. There are a great many friends
present, and they make Mr. Sumner out a great deal worse
than lie ia. They say he has a fever. I have never dis-
covered any. I have been liis constant attendant, and I
have never known his pulse at any moment higher than
t£°."
That is what the doctor says. Now, on the
28th of May, in the afternoon, the day after this
testimony was taken before the committee, Dr.
Boyle was dismissed from further attendance on
the case, and upon what ground? He was dis-
missed in a letter addressed to him by Mr. George
Sumner, which I will read. It is as follows:
Sixth Street, tVednesday, p. m.
Dear Sir: Owing to the very critical situation of my
brother, Dr. Perry has consented to remain in Washington
to attend him.
In justice to you and to Dr. Perry, I musf state that he
does this at the request of myself and of many ofmy brother's
friends.
Be so good as to send me your bill, and to accept my
thanks for the attention shown to my brother.
I am, dear sir, truly yours, ^GEORGE SUMNER.
! Dr. Boyle was dismissed as the attending phy-
j sician of Mr. Sumner, on the ground that his
1 friend from Boston—Dr. Perry—was there ready
to take his place. On the morning of the 30th of
May—a day and a half after Dr. Boyle was dis-
missed to make room for Dr. Perry—when Dr.
Perry was called for at Willard's, the hotel where
he had been stopping, it was found that he had
left that morning for Boston, and that is the last
! that has been heard of him in this city. Senator
| Sumner then being in a critical condition, and
his family physician happening to be here, or
: being sent for, the attending physician is dis-
missed, and in thirty-six hours after that dis-
mission, Dr. Perry himself leaves. Would he,
Mr. Speaker, have left if he had believed that the
condition of his friend, Senator Sumner, was crit-
ical ? Is there a man on this floor who believes
one word of it? And yet the learned doctors of
this committee—headed by my distinguished
friend from Ohio—come out and say, " The
wounds were severe and calculated to endanger
the life of the Senator, who remained for some
; days in a critical condition."
Again: this committee says:
" It is not too much to say that the weapoit used was of
1 a deadly character, and that the blows were indiscrimi-
nately dealt, at the hazard of the life of the assailed."
But, before I pass on to that point: Dr. Perry,
it seems, was brought before this investigating
committee, and testified under oath. He declares
that Dr. Boyle had treated the case professionally
and skillfully, and that he saw nothing in the
treatment of the case to take exception to; thus
confirming, in every particular, the professional
capability and merits of Dr. Boyle.
Well, the cofnmittee goes on then to make these
remarks which I have just quoted. "The instru-
ment was of a deadly character." Now, Mr.
Speaker, I live in a pretty civil community, but I
have seen men whipped with sticks, and have
seen hickory sticks broken overmen's heads; but
never yet have I seen a man's life taken by such
an instrument or weapon as an ordinary walking
cane. I know that such things have chanced;
but the cases are exceptional, and of very rare
occurrence. I have known other cases where
death was produced by slight wounds, when in-
flammation supervened But because the prick-
ing of a needle in the finger occasionally produces
death, wo'uld it do for the gentleman from Ohio,
in frankness and in candor, to say that a needle
is a deadly weapon?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Shall I answer the ques-
tion now?
Mr. ORR. No; I prefer you to answer when
I get through. I have several things for you to
answer.
Now, sir, was it candid, was it frank, was it
just, in the majority 6f the committee, to send
forth that paper, setting out the fact that Senator
Sumner was assaulted with a deadly weapon ?
And why did they do so ? I do not know: v will
indulge in no speculation^ to th« motives of the
j majority. The reader of the report and the testi-
mony may deduce his own conclusions. I hope
the honorable chairman and his associates will be
able to satisfy the House and the country what
they did mean by representing a hollow gutta-
| percha cane, one inch in diameter in the largest
I point and five-eighths of an inch in the smallest
; Part> as a deadly weapon; and why they went
further by declaring that the weapon was calcu-
lated to endanger life, and that he lay for some
i time in a critical condition—when the physician
testified that his pulse, for six days after the
assault was committed, never exceeded eighty-
two beats in a minute.
But, Mr. Speaker, that is not all. It is sur-
prising to me that this whole question of privilege,
which involves great constitutional principles,
should have been disposed of by the committee
as flippantly as it seems to have been disposed of
by this report. What does the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the committeet say? He
" The committee do not discuss the powers of the Honse
to punish its disorderly members, nor do they undertake to
argue the general question as to what constitutes a breach
of privilege. The passage of the resolution raising the com-
mittee is regarded as a declaration on the part of the House
of its power to call its members to account for such acts as
violate the privileges of the Senate."
He does not undertake to argue the general
question as to what constitutes a breach of priv-
ilege, or the power of the House, without any
law, to punish therefor. The committee assume
here that the raising of the committee, under the
j resolution offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
prejudges and predetermines thi& question as to
privilege. Well, sir, I have before me the pro-
ceedings of that memorable day—the 23 d ofMay—
that gave birth to this committee. The gentleman
' from Ohio offered his resolution, and before
taking his seat, without uttering a single word
explanatory of his resolution, he demanded the
previous question. There was no debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from North
, Carolina [Mr. Ci.ingman] had the floor for an
hour.
i Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Ohio is mis-
taken. The gentleifibn from North Carolina had
the floor on an appeal which he took from the de-
cision of the Speaker entertaining the question as
a privileged question. He occupied it but a few
moments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. • He entered into the merits
of the case.
Mr. ORR. No; according to the report here,
the gentleman fsom North Carolina may have
occupied not exceeding ten minutes.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (in his seat.) At furthest.
Mr. ORR. Say ten minutes at the' outside.
The gentleman from Ohio succeeded in obtaining
the floor when the gentleman from North Caro-
lina took his seat. And what did he do then ?
Did he go on and debate the question ? Not at
all. Feeling confident that he had the power to
pass the resolution without debate, the gentleman
moved to lay the appeal of the gentleman from
North Carolina on the table; and thereby cut off
and precluded any further debate, even on the inci-
dental question of order.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman went fur-
ther, and did not act with his usual ingenuous-
ness; for, when he was catechized by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, and one or two Other
members of the House, he says:
" The object of the resolution is simply that the.facts may
be brought before the House in an authentic form. It ia
due to the House that they should."
Again,'in another place, he says:
" The result of the Investigation would certainly work
no wrong to either gentleman. My purpose is simply to have
the /acts presented."
Now, Mr. Speaker, with these two declara-
tions and others of a similar import, on the lips
of the gentleman from Ohio, the mover of the res-
olution, the gentleman who, above all others,
must have best known what the resolution con-
tained—(I believe it was read but a single time,
and passed without debate)-w.th these declara-
tions coming from him that that was t^ only-
purpose he had in view, the gentleman now turns
round and says in his report he will not argue he
question Of privilege or of the power of the
House, because the House, in raising the com-
