1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Post Ttoads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Dubuque, by English's Mill,
John Graham's, Preston, Mount Pleasant, Hopkinton, and
Vinton, 10 Fortdea Moines; also, from Dubuque, via Rock-
ville, Uopkmton, and Vinton, to Fort des Moines, in the
State of Iowa.
CHARLESTON AND HAVANA MAILS.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
resolution of inquiry relative to the transporta-
tion of the mail between Charleston and Havana,
during the months of August and September, have
directed me to report a joint resolution empower-
ing the Post Office Department to make arrange-
ments for carrying the mails during these months.
As it is material that the Post Office Department
should be authorized to do so at once, if Con-
gress adopts the coarse proposed by the joint res-
olution, I ask for its consideration at this time.
The joint resolution providing for further mail
service between Charleston, in the State of South
Carolina, and Havana, was read twice by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Postmaster
General to continue the mail service between
Charleston and Havana, via Key "West, during
the months of August and September, until the
expiration of the present contract term, the 30th
of June, 1859, by a competent steamer, at an
annual expense not exceeding #10,000.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Brodhead] inquires of me why this
resolution is necessary? I will explain. The
existing contract provides only for service during
ten months in the year, and it is necessary to
provide for the interval of two months during
which there'will be no service. The appropria-
tion of $10,000 is sufficient for the service daring
those two months. The original proposition
was to provide only for the service during this
year ; but the committee thought it better to pro-
vide for that interval during the remainder of the
contract term.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
"without amendment, and ordoied to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third tunc
and passed.
WILLIAM CAREY JONES.
Mr. STUART. There was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, some time ago, the
memorial of William Carey Jones, asking for
compensation for services in the State of Cali-
fornia, under the employment of the Secretary
of the Interior and the State Department. The
committee have instructed me to report a joint
resolution referring the subject of that claim to
the heads of those two Departments for adjust-
ment.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of State and the Sccrctary of the interior to
settle the claim of "William Carey Jones for
certain services, was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have that
resolution passed now. Mr. Jones was employed
in 1849 and 1850, by the State and Interior De-
partments, and was sent to California for the
purpose of investigating land titles. He made
quite a voluminous report, the principles of which
have all been sustained by the recent decisions
made by the Supreme Court of the United States.
The public documents of course show the amount
of labor which he performed. He lias never
received any compensation for the service. Very
properly this joint resolution proposes to leave
it to those Departments which sent him to Cali-
fornia, to fix the compensation which he shall be
allowed for his services. As this claim has been
standing for some time, I hope the resolution
will be acted on at once.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It was reported to
the Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
an*} passed.
GENERAL JOHN B. WALBACH. j
Mr. CASS. I ask tho Senate to be good j
.enough to take up a bill to which I think there I
-will be no objection. There is in the Army a
/very highly honorable officer, and one who has
served long, who is now upwards of ninety years
of age. He has been one of the most intelligent
and faithful officers that ever entered our service.
I allude to old General Walbach. The Military
Committee have reported a bill for his relief, and
there can be no objection at all to it. This being
the first day of our meeting after the 4th of July,
is a good day to render such a tribute to such a
man, and I therefore ask the Senate to take it up
and pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
309) for the relief of Brevet Brigadier General
John B. Walbach was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War_ to
pay to General Walbach such extra compensation
as he may consider just and reasonable, for the
extra services performed by him as aid-de-camp
to General Wilkerson, commissioner of the Uni-
ted States to treat with western Indians, in 1801
and 1802; but the per diem allowance is not to
exceed that paid to General Wilkerson, nor be
less than that of the secretary to the commission,
for their extra services while they were engaged
in the same service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY A. M. JONES.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill which I introduced some time ago, and which
was reported on favorably by the Committee on
Pensions. It is the bill (S. No. 300) granting a
pension to Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones, widow of
the late Adjutant General Roger Jones. I desire
that it may pass the Senate now, in order that it
may go to the House so as to be passed there at
this session.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill, which proposes to allow Mrs. Jones a
pension at the rate of one half the pay, monthly,
to which her late husband was entitled at the
time of his'death. The pension is to commence
on the 15th of July, m the year 1852, and con-
tinue during her natural life, or widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAYMENT OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 146) reported from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, making provision to compensate
agents for paying pensions, and prescribing the
time and manner of settling their accounts. It
has been delayed for a long time, and may as
well be taken up and acted on now.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection, person-
ally , to taking up that bill; but it is obviously one
that will lead to discussion, and I was about to
move to postpone all prior orders, and proceed to
the discussion of the veto message of the Presi-
dent. If the Senator wishes to push his motion,
however, 1 shall not object.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senate will allow
me to take it up; and if the discussion shall pro-
ceed beyond the hour of one o'clock, I shall agree
to postpone it.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the Senator
from New York to say that, if the discussion
extends beyond one o'clock, he will not object to
the postponement of the bill?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have already said that.
Mr. WELLER. Then I hope we shall take
it up.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are matters of much
move consequence now pending.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 13, noes 20.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BILL VETO.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate re-
sumed the reconsideration of the bill (S. No. 14)
the constitutional meaning, in the fifth section of
entitled " An act to remove obstructions to navi-
gation in the mouth of the Mississippi river, at
the Southwest Pass and Pass a 1'Outre."
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana will go on with the discussion this morn-
ing, and with the permission of the Senate I
shall follow him.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall detain the Senate but
a very few moments; nor should I address itatall
if it had not been for the fact that I introduced
this bill, and it might be naturally expected that
I should say something in its defense. I also, at
the same time, am desirous of explaining my
position in having voted in the affirmative on the
passage of the general river and harbor bill, which
was negatived by the President on the 4th of
August, 1854.
I shall abstain from going into a general dis-
cussion on the principles of this bill for two rea-
sons; one is, that I think, with the exception of
some new ideas which have been brought forward
by the President on the subject, the whole mat-
ter has been entirely exhausted by previous dis-
cussion; another is, that I am informed the ven-
erable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] is pre-
pared to address the Senate at length on the gen-
eral principles involved in the bill.
I have never doubted that a general system
of internal improvements, or appropriations for
making specific improvements within a State, by
the General Government, not of a national char-
acter, were at variance with the spirit and prin-
ciples of the Constitution. The great difficulty
with me has been to define the line where the
national character of improvements ceases and the
local character begins. Such a line is necessarily
shadowy and arbitrary, varying according to the
greater or less latitude of individual opinion. If
the power to make any improvement m harbors
open to foreign commerce be admitted, it is im-
possible to establish any general rule which, in
its practical application, would not necessarily
call for many exceptions. When the question is
presented to a Senator or Representative, his vote
will be, in a greater or less degree, controlled by
considerations of expediency, derived from the
proportion of advantage to his immediate con-
stituency. He may conscientiously vote for a
bill, some of the provisions of which may not
exactly come up to his standard of nationality,
because his State will be largely benefited by it.
This may perhaps be considered as an indiscreet
avowal. For myself, I frankly confess that in
my vote for the bill which was vetoed by the
President on the 4th of August, 1854, the fact,
that considerably more than a moiety of the whole
amount appropriated was for the improvement
of the Mississippi and its tributaries, exercised
with me a controlling influence. The President
was called to look at it from another point of
view, and I have never found fault with him for
the exercise of his constitutional privilege. In
his place, and under the same circumstances, I
should have acted as he did, and, had the bill
originated in the Senate, would have sanctioned
his veto. I had other reasons for voting for
a bill containing several provisions, that my
judgment did not approve. One was, that some
of these very provisions were either originally
introduced, or retained in it by the votes of Sen-
ators who were opposed to all appropriations for
the improvement of rivers and harbors, with the
avowed purpose of making the bill as objection-
able as possible, and thus securing a veto. In
this they were aided by those on the other side
of the Chamber, who, having no constitutional
scruples to embarrass them, were willing to sac-
rifice improvements of admitted national interest,
by connecting them with others of a character
that they knew could not receive the sanction of
the Executive, hoping thereby to advance their
party interests. I wili not detain the Senate by
referring to the various votes establishing this
coalition, but will cite two that will fully bear
out my assertion. One was on the motion of my
colleague, to amend the bill by striking out the
appropriation for the improvement of the Appo-
mattox. The yeas were 18; nays 22, viz: Messrs.
Allen, Atchison, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fessendcn, Fish, Fitz-
patnek, Mallory, Morton, Norris, Rockwell,
Rusk, Seward, Sumner, Toombs, Toucey, Wade,
and Williams. The other was on a motion made
by me, to strike out the clause, " for continuing
the connection of the waters of the Indian river
and Mosquito lagoon, attheHaulover, Florida,55
of which my friend from Florida has said, "Per-
haps, if you had searched through the entire
State for a spot where you could appropriate the
money with the least possible advantage to the
State at large, you might have selected this
identical spot,''and yet,my motion was rejected—
18 yea* to 20 nays-Messrs. Adams, Allen,
Atchison, Badger, Dawson, Evans, Fessenden,
