1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
Fish, Foot, Gillett, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Morton, Norris, Rockwell, Seward, Sumner,
Toombs, "Wade, and Williams, voting in the
negative.
The following amendment, intended to render
the bill less objectionable to the President, was
rejected—yeas 14, nays 35—by the united votes
of the opponents of all appropriations for harbor
and river improvements and of the Administra-
tion:
i: Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War, before expending any part of the money herein ap-
propriated, sha]J, in such cases as he may think the public
interest require it, cause a reexamination and re-survey of
the public works hereby appropriated foi ; and he i  hereby
authorized to modify the present plan if in his opinion the
public interest will be materially benefited thereby. And
if, on such reexamination and rc-survey, the said Secretary
shall be of opinion that a cession ol the jurisdiction over the
place occupied, oi to be occupied, by any of &aid works, is
required from the. State in winch any work is situated, to
the United States, or if there shall be in his opinion any
other sufficient reason for doing so, he is heieby authonzed
and empowered to suspend the application ot nny appro-
priation contained m this act, and in such case he shall re-
port to Congress, at its next session, the fact* and leasons
on which his dcuon may be founded, in order that Con-
gress may take such fuitber action as the subject may, in
the discretion of Congress, seem to require."
Another reason was that, after the President
should have had the opportunity of explaining
his objections to its particular provisions, we
could, at the next session, frame one which might
receive his sanction, or, what was still more in
accordance with my views, distinct bills might be
passed for each improvement. This latter course
was indicated by the President in his message,
returning the bill to the House of Representa-
tives. He then said:
4£ On such examination of this bill as it ha^ been in my
power to make, I lecognize in it certain provisions national
in then charactei, and winch, if they stood alone, it would
be compatible with my sense of public duty to assent to.'5
tie then signified his intention to present at the
next session of Congress a more matured view
of the whole subject than it was possible for him
to do at that time. This he did on the 30th of
December, 1854, in a very elaborate message.
In it he says:
" There in another measure of precaution in regard to
Eueh appropriations which seems to me to be worthy of the
consideration of Congress. It is to make appropuations
for eveiy work m a separate bill, to that each may stand on
its own independent merits, aridif it pass, shall do so under
curunistances of legislative scrutiny, entitling it to be re-
go rded as of getieial interest and a proper subject of charge
on the Treasury of the United States."
I regarded these expressions as intimating on
the part of the President an intention to give his
assent to appropriations for river and harbor im-
provements that might come up to his standard
of nationality, and a wish that Congress should
present them to his consideration in separate bills.
We have actcd on these suggestions; and in re-
gard to the bill which we are now reconsidering, it
never occurred to me,for a moment, that it could
fail to receive his sanction. If the President had
expressed his opinions more clearly—if he had
frankly declared his intention to exercise his con-
stitutional privilege in regard to every appropria-
tion for river and harbor improvement, I, as a
member of the party by which he was elected,
and giving, as 1 do, my cordial adherence to the
leading measures of his Administration, would
not, by introducing this bill, have contributed to
expose him to the necessity, always disagreeble,
sometimes embarrassing, of a veto message.
But the question now presents itself in a very
different aspect. I find nothing in his message
to change or even qualify my opinion of the con-
stitutionality or expediency of the appropriation
which I have already expressed by my vote,and
I shall consequently adhere to it.^ It would be
an idle waste of time for me to dilate upon the
eminently national character of this appropria-
tion: it has never been denied; but I should be
pleaded if some Senator, having the advantage of
a more intimate acquaintance with the views of the
President than I possess, would indicate which
were the provisions in the bill of August, 1851,
national in their character, and which, if they
hod stood alone, it would have been compatible
with his notions of public duty to assent to.
I shall not trespass on the paticnce of the Senate
by debating the abstract constitutional question.
The subject has been exhausted in all its bearings.
Few would read, and none, at this pciiod of the
session, would listen to any elaborate argument
on that point. I will, however, briefly refer to
two features which distinguish the object of this
appropriation. Even the great apostle of strict
construction, Mr. Calhoun, admitted by his vote
in March, 1847, the constitutionality and expe-
diency of an appropriation for the improvement
of the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville.
His name is recorded among the majority of
thirty-six on a test vote against striking it out,
the minority vote being but six, viz: Messrs.
Bayly, Butler, Mason, Niles,Turney, and Yulee.
At the celebrated Memphis Convention, where
his views were given at great length, he declared
appropriations for the improvement of rivers run-
ning through three or more States to be consti-
tutional. The Mississippi is the natural outlet,
either wholly or partially, to the ocean, of four-
teen States and three Territories. A commerce
of more than two hundred millions passes annu-
ally over the bars which this appropriation is in-
tended to deepen. The practicability of the object
has been demonstrated by the experience of the
past. The deepening of the water on the bars is
called for by the exigencies of our naval service,
and to provide for the common defense. I would
not have alluded to this view of the subject had
it not been insisted upon by the President, in his
twin veto of the bill to improve the St. Clair
flats, which he ill fact based almost exclusively
on the ground that it would not contribute to the
public defense. He then says:
" In considering this bill under the restriction that the
power of Congress to construct a work of internal improve-
ment is limited to eases m which the work is manifestly
needful and proper lor the execution of some one or moie
of the poweis expressly delegated to the Geneial Govern-
ment, 1 have not been able to find for the pioposed expend-
iture any such i elation, unless it be to the power to pi ovule
foi the common defense, and to maintain an at my and
navy, lint a careful examination o1 the sublet. with the
aid of information officially received since my last annual
message was communicated to Congiess. has convinced me
that the expenditure of the sum piopo-?ed would serve no
valuable purpose as contributing to the common defense,
because all which could be effected by it would be to afiord
a channel of twelve feet .depth, and oi so tempoiarv a char-
acter that, unless the work was done immediately hefoie
the necessity for its use should arise, it could not be relied
on for the vessels of even the small draught the passage ol
which it would permit.
u Under existing circumstances, therefore, it cannot be
considered as a necessary means for the common defense,
and is subject to those objections which apply to other
works designed to facilitate commerce, and contribute to
the convenience and local piospenty of those more imme-
diately concerned—an object not to be constitutionally and
justly attained by the taxation of the people of the whole
country."
Now it seems to me that, although the bill
under consideration makes no mention that such
a purpose was to be effected by it, the President
should have given to the appropriation the ben-
efit of his knowledge of the fact that such a con-
sequence would flow from it. The statute-book
informed him that the United States had already
purchased a site for a navy-yard near New Or-
leans; and the Journals and debates of Congress
show that, twiceatleast—I think more frequently
—amendments in this body to the naval bill have
made appropriations for erecting establishments
on that site which have not received the sanction
of the House of Representatives, mainly on the
ground of the want of sufficient depth of water at
the mouth of the Mississippi; and we are thus
placed in the dilemma of having no navy-yard at
New Orleans because of the want of water on the
bars, and being refused appropuations to deepen
the channels because we have no navy-yard.
This is a most extraordinary exemplification of
the vicious effects of reasoning in a circle—a
mode of. argument reprobated by all logicians
from the days of Aristotle. Jeremy Bentham
would have classed it among the weakest of all
fallacies. Let it not be said that the President
could not go behind the text of the bill to justify
him in giving it his approval; for on the 22d of
July, 1854, in returning- with his signature the
bill for the improvement of Cape Fear river, he
accompanied it with a message in which he said:
" The occasion seems to rendei it proper for me to deviate
from the oidmaiv couise ot nmioimnng the appioval ol bills
by an oral statement only; and lor the purpose ot pi event-
ing any misapprehension winch might othei\\i>e ari-e nom
the plnaseology of the act, to communicate m writing that
my appioval i< given to it on the ground that tlr* obstruc-
tions which the proposed appropiiation is intended tore-
move are the iesult of acts ol the G-eneiaJ Government."
Why could not the President have pursued an
analogous course in relation to a bill for the im-
provement of the mouths of the Mississippi, and
have said: "To remove any misapprehension
arising out of the phraseology of the bill, I think
proper to state that I have approved it because 1
believe it a proper and necessary measure for the
common defense?"
Nor is the object in this case to be attained by
the course suggested by the President in his veto
message of 30th December, 1854—the levying tolls,
by permission of Congress, on vessels passing
over the bars of the Mississippi. By the first sec-
tion of the act of 8th April, 1812, "'for the admis-
sion of the State of Louisiana into the Union," it
is provided—
" That it shall be taken as a condition upon which the said
State is incorporated mto the Union, that the river Missis-
sippi. and the navigable rivers and waters leading into the
same and into the Gulf of Mexico, shall be common high-
ways, and forever fiee, as well to the inhabitants of said
State as to the inhabitants of other States and the Territo-
ries of the United States, without any tax, duty, impost, or
toll therefor, imposed by the said State."
A similar provision is to be found in the ces-
sion, by Virginia, of the Northwestern Territory,
m the ordinance of 1787, and 1 think, although I
have not the time to make the examination, in the
acts for the admission of all the States bordering
on the Mississippi or its tributaries. This is a
conclusive and unanswerable reply to any argu-
ment based on the power of the State of Louisiana
to reimburse herself for any expenditure that she
might make for an object of which the advantage
would result to the inhabitants of the vast terri-
tory beyond her limits traversed by the Missis-
sippi or its tributaries. These provisions cannot
be repealed without the consent of every State of
the Union. It is a fundamental compact, of the
benefit of which the inhabitants of no State can
be deprived with out its previous and formal assent.
The consequence is clear and undeniable: the
mouths of the Mississippi can onfy be deepened
by the action of the General Government; this is
a duty imposed upon it which can neither be
neglected nor evaded but by a breach of national
faith. It is a duty as positive and obligatory as
the defense of our sea-board from foreign inva-
sion, or of our frontier territory from Indian in-
cursions.
There is an argument in the message of the
President—in fact the only one on which the veto
is based—which I desire to treat with all the re-
spect due to the Chief Magistrate of the United
States, and the official leader of the party of which
I have ever been, through good and evil report,
a consistent and steadfast adherent; but while
acknowledging my allegiance to all authentic in-
dications of the will of that party, " nulhus ad-
dict us jurare vi verba magistri,9* I will take no
man's word, however elevated he may be, for any
dogma of my political creed. The President says:
'• f have not been able, aftei a most careful examination,
to repaid the bill before me m any othei light than as a part
of a general s\stein of internal improvements, and therefore
leel constrained to submit it with these objections to tho
recorii-ideiaiion of Congress. *'
I deeply regret the slur which the President,
unintentionally I trust, has thus cast upon the
Democratic Senators who voted fortius bill. For
myself, I repudiate the insinuation as unfounded -
in fact. 1 have had no understanding, express
or implied, to sustain any of the numerous ap-
propriations for rivers and harbors now on our
Calendar. I shall examine and judge of each on
its own merits. There arc many of them that
can never rcccive my support.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate at some length
in opposition to the views of the President's veto
message, and in reference to the general policy of
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. His speech will be published in the
Appendix.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bi:ll, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The question is, ''Shall
the bill pass, the President's objection to the con-
trary notwithstanding ?" Is the Senate ready for
that question r
Mr. BRODHEAD. Perhaps a question of
order ought to be raised before the vote is taken
—whether it requires two thirds of those present,
or two thirds of the entire body, to pass the bill ?
Mr. WELLEIl. I suggest that we decide that
question when the necessity arises. "Sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof." I do not know
that that question will arise in this case. If it
does, after the vote is announced will be time
enough to decide it.
Mr. SLIDELL. Many Senators are aboutthe
building.
