8oe
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Ju!y9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Orr.
Ho. op Reps.
mentary history of the country. He has not read j
even Jefferson's Manual, which controls us here. J
Mr. Jefferson gives very briefly the history of j
two cases where the power was assumed, and the
reasons therefor; and the reasoning in reply he
repeats approvingly. He says: i
" To this it was answered, that the Parliament and courts
of Bnglaud have cognizance ot' contempts by the express
■revisions of their law; that the State Legislatures nave
equal authority because their powers are plenary; they rep-
resent their constituents completely, and possess all theii
powers except such as their constitutions have expressly
denied them that the courts of the several States have the
saute powers by laws of their States as those of the
Federal Government, by the same State laws adopted in
each State, by a law of Congress; that none of these bodies,
therefore, derive these powers from natural or neeessary
right, bat from express law; that Congress have no such
natural or necessary power, nor any powers but such as are
given them by the Constitution ; that that has given tlieni,
directly, exemption from personal arrest, exemption from
question elsewhere for ivliat is said in their House, and
power over their own members and proceedings; for these
no further law is necessary, the Constitution being the law;
that, moreover, by tiiat article of the Constitution which
authorizes them ' to make all laws necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the powers vested by tlie Con-
stitution in tlieni,' they may provide by law for an undis-
turbed exercise ot their functions, e. g., for the punishment
of contempts, of affrays or tumult in their presence, &c.;
but, till the law be made, it does not exist; and does not
exist from their own neglect; that, in the mean time,
however, they are not unprotected, the ordinary magistrates
and courts of law being open and competent to punish all
unjustifiable disturbances or defamations, and eveii their
own sergeant, who may appoint deputies ai llhttnm to aid
him, is equal to small disturbances; that, in requiring 9.
previous law, the Constitution had regard to the inviolability
of th¥ citizen, as well as of the member; as, should one
Hritise, in the regular form bill, aim at too broad privileges,
it may be checked by the other, and both by the President;
and also as, the law being promulgated, the citizen will
k#ow how to avoid offense.
-. " But if one branch may assume its own privileges with-
out control, if it nlay do it 011 the spur of the occasion, con-
ceal the law in its own breast, and af'te/ the fact committed,
make its sentence both the law and the judgntent on that
fact; if the offense is to he loept undefined, aad lo be de-
clared only ex renata, and according to the passions of the
moment, and there be no limitation, either in the manner
or measure of the punishment, the'co'nditioiv of the citizen
Will be perilous indeed. Wluch of these doctrines is to.pte-
vail, time will decide. Where there is 110 fixed law, the
judgment on any particular ease is the law of that single ;
case only, and dies with it. When a new and even a sim-
ilar case" arises, a judgment which is to make, and at the
same time to apply the law, is open to question an&coosid-
eration, as are all neiv laws. Perhaps Congress, in the
mean time, in their care for the safety of the citizen, as
well as that for tlieir own protection, may declare by law
what is necessary and proper to enable them to carry into
execution the powers vested in them, ami thereby hang up
a rule for the inspection of all, which may direct the con-
duct of the citizens, and at the same time test the judg-
ments they may, themselves, announce intheirown case."
Congress har power to make all laws which
Shall be necessary and proper for carrying' into
execution the foregoing powers;" and if it 18
ascertained that there is corruption among mem-
bers—that the purity of legislation is interfered
with—that members are intimidated in the dis-
charge of their public duties—the remedy is wrfh
Congress. When you have passed a law for
your protection, if any such be necessary, you
transfer the adjudication of the question to where
the Constitution says all judicial questions shall
go—to the judiciary. Your dignity, will be main-
tained by law; and the rights and liberties of the
people will be guarded and protected against
prejudice, whim, and caprice, by the courts, from
whence all passion and partisanship is removed.
You aijp then not the judges, jurors, prosecutors,
and executioners in your own case. You may,
"by the rules of the House, provide for the pun-
ishment of persons in the galleries, or lobbies,
who disturb the proceedings of the House. You
may punish a member who commits an offense
in the presence of the House. You cannot, how-
ever go beyond that by a simple rule; it must be
by law. If you desire to give to yourselves immu-
nity, above all other persons in the community,
for your offensive and opprobrious language on
this floor against persons and States, pass your
laws, and let the people know that members of
Congress are to have perfect immunity for all
slanders uttered and libels published. See how
long such an act will remain on your statute-
booK. For myself I want no such law. When
this House adjourns I want no peculiar protec-
tion for what 1 have said on this floor. I feel that
the law which protects my humblest constituent
is adequate to protect me. If I am assaulted, the
Bamelaw that redresses the wrong of the hum-
Mesrlrishman or German redresses mv wrong.
Are we better than all other people, that we must
have peculiar and extraordinary power?
ft is better that the law should be passed by both
Houses of Congress and approved by the Presi-
dent, before it goes into operation, because there is
too much of caprice, too much of passion, too much
of prejudice, too much of partisan spirit and feel-
ing, entering into the bosom's of the members of this
House, to enable them always to judge calmly, dis-
passionately, and fairly, when an offense is alleged
to have been committed against them, or against
a member of their party, either by a member of
the House or by a third person. Mr. Speaker,
there has not been a more remarkable change in
the opinion of a deliberative body anywhere, I
think, than is to be found in the history of the
case of General Houston for committing an assault
upon Mr. Stansbury, of Ohio. That case is
claimed as authority here. It is true, that the
House did then assume the authority to call
Houston before them, and have him reprimanded.
I think the House exceeded its authority, I will
make a brief statement of the case. Mr. Stans-
bury was assaulted late in the evening. He ad-
dressed a letter the next morning to the Speaker
informing him of the fact; and the Speaker laid
it before the House. Mr. Vancq, of Ohio, pro-
posed a resolution directing that Houston should
be taken into custody. It was debated for an
hour or two before a demand was made for the
previous question. The question of privilege
was raised then, and there was an overwhelming
majority in favor of the resolution. They did
not sustain the demand for the previous question
on that occasion, though it was demanded,as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] did upon
us the other day, when this question was brought
up. When the previous question failed, then a
member rose and said, that a demand for the pre-
vious, question on an occasion like that was little
less than treason, to the Constitution itself.
Well, sir, the debate was not an elaborate one.
The House assumed that they had jurisdiction
by directing Houston to be taken into custody.
He was tried. The assault was proven to have
occurred very much in the way it was alleged to
have been in the letter. It led to a long and an
able constitutional debate; and if the gentleman
from Ohio had refreshed his memory by reading
that debate, he would have seen that many of the
brightest intellects of this nation denied the power
you desire to assume. When the vote was taken
on Vance's resolution, the House took jurisdic-
tion of the question by a vote of one hundred and
forty-five in the affirmative, to twenty-five in the
negative. '
After the debate had been carried on for a
month, and when speeches of signal ability had
been made on both sides of the question, and the
resolution came up declaring that Houston had
been guilty of a breach of privilege, those one
hundred aryl forty-five who had at first jumped
at the conclusion that Houston's act was a breach
of privilege, were reduced to one hundred and
six, and the minority, which started at twenty-
five, ran up to eighty-nine; thus giving but sev-
enteen majority, and that, too, in a House which
had decided, by one hundred and twenty major-
ity, only a month before, that they had the power
in that identical case which you now claim. That,
sir, is a pregnant fact, going to show gentlemen
here the danger of thus determining this question
upon passion or feeling, or with reference to par-
tisan views or partisan ends. This is a great
constitutional principle, in which you and I and
our constituents may be involved.
Mr. Polk, I presume, is qoe whom the gentle-
man from Ohio will consider a man of reputation,
and his opinions of weight and authority. He
presided with dignity and ability in the chair
which you now occupy, and he was afterwards
transferred to the White House, as the Chief
Executive of the Republic. In that debate, Mr.
Polk, in the first instance, denied this power to
Congress; and when he came to discuss the sub-
ject more elaborately in a second speech, he said
this:
" Upon a fUtl examination of the question, I am confirmed
in the opinion that this-House is invested with no authority,
under the Constitution or laws of the land, to punish, as
for a contempt or a violation of its privileges, any offense
committed not in the presence of the House during its ses-
sion, or in such manner as to disturb its proceedings.''.
That was the deliberate eonviction of Mr. Polk
after having looked into this question for a month
in the Houston case.
Previous to that, this question arose in the
case of an assault upon the Private Secretary
of the President, committed upon him in the ro-
tunda, whilst bringing a message to this House.
The House took jurisdiction of the subject, but
dismissed the party without punishment, the
majority of the committee claiming the right, but
stating that it Was a right liable to abuses. They
were so illy satisfied that they did not propose
any punishment. Accompanying the report
was a most elaborate and well-considered opinion
of Philip P. Barbour, late judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States, in which he went
into a full review of the powers of this House'
and of the British Parliament.. He showed con-
clusively that no precedents of privilege could
be claimed for parliamentary actioh here from
the British Parliament. He showed, I think, in
an argument which is incontrovertible, that this
House was usurping a pOWer not conferred upon
it by the Oonstitutibn, whenever it attempted to
punish for that which transpired without the
presence of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I know lawyers who have been in
the habit of storing their minds with British com-
mon law,are incl&ied to look upon parliamentary
lawin that realm as authoritative ana binding upon
the House. There was never a greater mistake
committed. There is no authorityin the Consti-
tution for it. There is no law of the land which
recognizes the parliamentary law of Great Brit-
ain. It is not in force in this country. It is ap-
Eealed to, it is true, in the conduct of business
ere, in determining questions of order; but upon
questions of privilege the Constitution speaks
for itself, and leaves no doubt whatever. The
structure of the British Government is very dif-
ferent from ours. There the Parliament is su-
preme. They have no Constitution except that
which Parliament Chooses to make, or which Par-
liament can alter. Here we have a written Con-
stitution. That Constitution defines the powers
that we possess. We wanted a Federal Govern-
ment. The States wanted to consolidate them-
selves for certain purposes. They did so, and
defined what those purposes should bej and it is
& usurpation for Congress, and H< still- greater
usurpation for one branch of Congress, to go
beyond the express grants contained in that Con-
stitution. I say, therefore, and I say it with
confidence, that there is no precedent in the British
Parliament that can be appealed to for the enlight-
enment of the judgment of members of this House
for the settlement of this question.
If self-preservation is the ground upon which
you are to take jurisdiction of this case, then Will
it not apply equally to the President, who is an
indispensable adjunct in law making ? If he re-
fuses to sign a bill, and is assaulted therefor by
an interested party, according to your" doctrine
of self-preservation he is invested with power to
seize the offender and punish- him in his' own
discretion. And yet there will not be a gentle-
man on this floor who would claim such- a
power for the President. The offender would be .
required to answer in the criminal courts for the
assault, but not elsewhere.
A judge of the supreme court may be assaulted
on the streets for an opinion delivered, and it
would not be' pretended for a moment that the
offender was guilty of a contempt and punishable
as such. He would be proceeded against in the
criminal court, and the punishment there would
be graduated according to all the circumstance#
of aggravation or extenuation. Does not the ne-
cessity for protection in both the cases stated
exist in as preeminent a degree as For the legis-
lators of the Government?
The assumption is the very essence of tyranny,
because it blendr the executive, legislative, aim
judicial functions in one body, and it an interested
body. Sir, if this House undertakes to declare a .
breach of its privileges, and punish for it without
any previous law, it makes nself a greater tyrarrt
than Caligula, whose name has been execrated
ever since his reign by the civilized world He
wrote his laws, but hung them up so high they
could not be read; and the citizen was punished
when he could not know the law; but you do not
