1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545-
stitution to the several States, who have been I
elected, and who have been admitted to seats. I
The honorable Senator from New York has
said that the Journal each d£y declares that a
Senate is present when there is a majority to do
business present. The Journal does not so de-
clare in terms, but the sense and substance of
the Journal, in recording the proceedings of the
Senate, show that, if the business done by the
body is that business which a majority under the
Constitution is competent to determine, a quo-
rum is present; but there are exceptions to this
rule, that a majority, in the language of the Sen-
ator from New York, constitutes a Senate. If
I am right, there is no Senate present when the
Constitution declares that two thirds of the Sen-
ate shall repass the bill, unless there are here two
thirds of all who are elected for the time being.
Mr. SEWARD. Now let nie ask the honor-
able Senator, on his own principle, if there are
just two thirds of the whole number of sixty-
two here, does it require all that two thirds—their
unanimous vote—to pass the bill? or can it be
passd by two thirds of the members present? On
his own principle, supposing that there are just
two thirds of the whole number present, does it
require all their votes?
Mr. MASON. I should think the honorable
Senator is just as competent to take the proper
sequence from my position, if my position be
correct, as I am to inform him of it. If two
thirds of all the Senators elected arc required to
pass the bill, and there are but two thirds of all
the Senators present, it would require a unani-
mous vote, or there would not be a vote of two
thirds for it. That is a mere logical sequence,
and nothing more, if my position be corrcct.
Sir, there is a provision in the Constitution
with reference to the election of Vice President—
the twelfth amendment—-in which the quorum of
the Senate is changed. For every purpose of
ordinary legislation a majority is sufficient; for
the purpose of a treaty, "two thirds of the
Senators present," in the language of the Consti-
tution, is sufficient; but when the duty devolves
on the Senate to elect a Vice President, the
Constitution says that—
"A quorum for the purpose shall consist of two thirds of
the whole number of Senators, and a majority of the
whole number .shall be necessary to a choice."
So that when you look through the Constitu-
tion you find that there is no uniform rule pre-
vailing. Each clause and each word are to be
interpreted in order to give effect to the Consti-
tution, because we find that the purpose of the
Constitution varies m its various sections. A
majority of the Senate is necessary to constitute
a quorum to do business,—not a majority con-
sisting of a majority of two Senators from each
State in the Confederacy, but a majority of those
who are actually elected; but in order to enable
them to elect a Vice President a quorum is not a
majority, but two thirds of the whole Senate. So
in the case of the ratification of a treaty, a ma-
jority is not sufficient, but the concurrence of
two thirds of the Senators present is required.
I submit, then, with all respect, if I am right
in my position, that by the fifth section the term
" House," so far as applicable to either branch
of Congress, is to be constitutionally interpreted
as meaning all who are elected for the time being
to that branch, (and that is the interpretation
given to it in declaring what shall be a majority,)
it follows that when the term " House" is used
in the seventh section, requiring that there shall j
be two thirds of the House of Representatives or , j
two thirds of the Senate, as the case may be, to ji
pass a bill against the Presidential veto, the mean- | j
ing of the term " House," ascertained in the fifth
section, is to be applied to it in the seventh sec- ■ _
tion, so as to mean a majority of the whole num- ■;
ber who are elected for the time being. That is ,
the interpretation I put on it, from looking at the j
Constitution during the morning, for I had not ■
considered the question before. :
Mr. BENJAMIN, It appears to me that the ;
argument of the Senator from Virginia is per- ;l
feclly suicidal; I say it with perfect respect—— "
Mr. 1UCGS. The Senator from Louisiana;
will permit me to make a suggestion, which he ^
may answer at the same time. I find, on an .
examination of the Constitution—a- page 16 of
Hiekey's edition—that the President has power, ,
" by and with the advice and consent of the Sen- i
ate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the
Senators present concur." It is also provided
by the fifth article that " the Congress, when-
ever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it
necessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-
stitution." Now, if I understand the argument
on the other side, in opposition to the views pre-
sented by the Senator from Virginia, m proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States only two thirds of a mere quorum or ma- i
jority is required. Why is it that the language j
contained in the clause of the Constitution, which |
provides for the ratification of treaties, expressly 1
says, "two thirds of the Senators present," if, :
whenever the word " House "is used in the Con-
stitution, and two thirds is required, it only
means two thirds of those present?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the very
first section of the first article of the Constitution
speaks of a Senate and House of Representatives
in these words:
" All legislative powers herein granted shall be ve<=ted in
a Congress of the United State*, which -hall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives."
The second section provides for the mode of
constituting the House of Representatives, and m
that section it is declared that" the House of Rep-
resentatives shall choose their Speaker." Does
the Senator from Virginia pretend that there is
no House of Representatives unless every mem-
ber elected is present; or does he pretend that it
requires a majority of all the members clected to
the House of Representatives to choose a Speaker?
That would be contrary to the interpretation given
to the Constitution from the foundation of the
Government: and here is the very first time the
words, " House of Representatives,"are used in
the Constitution. After describing what the House
is, the second section declares that44 the House
of Representatives shall choose their Speaker."
It never yet has been pretended that a majority of a
quorum of the House was not competent to choose
a Speaker; and yet the gentleman says the con-
stitutional meaning of the term " Flouse of Rep-
resentatives" is the whole number of members
elected.
Let us go on a little further. After describing
the composition of the Senate of the United
States, and providing that the Vice President shall
be president of this body, the Constitution pro-
vides: *
"The Senate shall choose their other olficei?, and also
a Pret-ident pro tempore m the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent."
Wc have never failed to choose a President
pro tempore, and other officers of the Senate, by a
majority of a quorum; and why? Because, by
the very section of the Constitution which the
Senator himself read, a quorum is the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me
one moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unquestionably, sir.
Mr. MASON. The Constitution says a quo-
rum to do business shall consist of a majority
of eithei House. I should say, then, a majority
of either House—meaning, as I presume that
Senator does not controvert, a majority elected in
each House, not a majority who happen to be
present at that time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A majority of all those
who ought to be elected—not merely a majority
of those elected—but of those who ought to be
elected.
Mr. MASON. Take it in that way. When the
Constitution says that a majority of each House
is a quorum to do business, and a part uf the busi-
ness devolving on the House is to electa Speaker,
and a part of the business of the Senate is to elect
their officers, the Constitution says in terms that
a majority can do that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggested that the Sen-
ator's argument was suicidal. Is he not answer-
ing himself? Are wc not doing business ?_ I
point the Senator to the rule of the Constitution
which says that the " House of Representatives
shall choose their Speaker." He says a major-
ity of a quoium is competent for that, because
the fifth section says a majority of either House
shall constitute a quorum to do business. I say
that is true, and I ask the Senator to go on with
the legitimate consequences of lus own statement
of his own proposition. The majority of the
Senate, boincj competent to do business, is now
doing business, by considering the President's
vetcr, as it is required by the Constitution to do.
To that the Senator answers, "No; a constitu-
tional Senate or House of Representatives is the
whole number elected." That is to say, in one
clause of the Constitution, a constitutional House
is the whole number elected, and in the other
clause it is a majority. This only depends on
the ipse dixit of the honorable Senator himself;
because he does not show anything in the Con-
stitution by which what constitutes the House is
distinguished in the one case from what consti-
tutes the House in the other.
Now I have shown that, by the second section
of the first article of the Constitution, the House
of Representatives is authorized to choose its
Speaker, and the Senator from Virginia admits
it may well choose its Speaker by a majority of
a quorum. The Senate is to choose its officers;
and the Senator from Virginia admits, that " the
Senate" there means a simple quorum, that there
the Constitution uses " the Senate "in the sense of '
a quorum of the Senate, as it had just previously
used the words " House of Representatives," in
the sense of a quorum of that House. Again;
" the Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments." It has been over and over again
decided since the formation of the Government,
by the actual practice of the Senate, by its exercise
of jurisdiction in cases of impeachments, that the
Senate of the United States, as a court of im-
i peaclnnent, is a quorum of the Senate. The Sen-
I ate has never once been full as a court of impeach-
! ment, so far as my iecollection extends. I do not
I think an instance can be found m which every
i member elect has been present; but yet, accord-
j ing to the gentleman's interpretation, the Senate
j of the United States as a court of impeachment
| would require the presence of every Senator.
' Now, sir, if the Senate is not a quorum of the
| Senate in constitutional language, then it can be
| nothing else than every Senator. It must be one
! of the two. In constitutional language, the Senate
of the United States must be either a quorum of
the Senate, or the entire number of Senators who,
by the Constitution, are to be electcd to the Sen-
ate. Then, if the Senate of the United States be
not simply a quorum of the Senate, it never yet
had validity to sit as a court of impeachment; but
a majority has always exercised that jurisdiction.
Why should the words, " the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, "have a different meaning in the clause
of the Constitution which confers on it the powers
of a court of impeachment, from the meaning
which the same teims have in that other clause
of the Constitution which requires that two thirds
of the Senate shall pass a bill a second time after
the President has returned it with his veto?
But, sir, this is notall. The fifth section which
the gentleman read was the one on winch I was
about to reply. It says, "A majority of each"
(House) " shall constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness." Having said that, it goes on to say that
if the two Houses pass a bill, and the President
choose to veto it, the bill shall become a law,
provided that on its return to that House in which
it originated, two thirds of that House and of
the other repass the bill. According to the Sen-
ator's interpretation, wc were a House of Con-
gress for the purpose of passing the bill; but we
are not a House of Congress for the puipose of
passing it a second time, when the President sends
it back. We were a Senate when we had a quo-
rum here before, to pass this bill, but we are not
a Senate now, when the same question recurs,
"Shall this bill pass?"
The question now put is, " Shall this bill pass,
notwithstanding the President's veto Before,
the question was, "Shall the bill pass?" The
Senator will admit—everybody must admit, that
we were a Senate to pass the bill; but the Sen-
ator says we are not a Senate now to repass the
bill. Where is the distinction? The Constitu-
tion gives him no distinction. The Constitution
declares, on the contrary, {so plainly that the
Senator from Tennessee has said all that can be
said on the subject,) that the House which is to
repass the bill is the same House which origin-
ally passed it. The Constitution says, that when
a bill shall have passed both Houses it shall be
presented to the President of the United States
for his signature before it bccomcs a taw- If h®
sends it back with his objections, what House is
to act on it? "That House m which it shall
have originated." What was that House which
