1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
Ho. of Reps.
even write your law. You frame the law in your | j
own breasts after the offense has been committed, !'
and, therefore, punish for that which was no
wron? when the offense was committed.
I should be gratified to present other views of
this question, but my time has expired, and I
must forego that purpose.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HONTHOWELL COBB;
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 10, 1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged assault upon Senator Sumner by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not know that I should
have alluded at all to the facts detailed by the
testimony in this case, had it not been that the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Comins,]
who has just taken his seat, seemed disposed to
give currency to the same charge that has been
made by the press, and that has been made in ,
other speeches upon this floor, and perhaps in j
the other branch of Congress, in reference to the j
cause which led to this assault upon the Senator ;
from Massachusetts. I had hoped that the facts 1
detailed by the evidence would have been sub-
stantially agreed upon, and that there would have
been no disposition here, or before the country,
to evade the issue as made and understood by
that evidence.
■ The charge made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Coming,] that this assault was
made in consequence of the anti-slavery speech
and anti-slavery sentiments of the Senator from
Massachusetts is not founded in truth nor sup-
ported by the evidence. Let us meet the issue
fairly. This evidence, taken in part from the
lips of Senator Sumner himself, as well as from
other witnesses, shows that that assault was made
in consequence of a personal insult offered to the
friend and kinsman of Mr. Brooks, and of an
indignity cast upon the State which he in part
represents. It is so stated by Senator Sumner,
inhisevidence, as the reason given by Mr.Brooks
at the time the assault was made. Therefore, sir,
if this House is disposed to come to a fair and
proper judgment—if we are disposed to have a
proper judgment pronounced by the country, let
that country understand the truth, as we under-
stand it by this evidence.
The view which I take of this case does not
require that I should examine in detail the evi-
dence in the case. My object, sir, in rising, is to
address you in support of great fundamental prin-
ciples embodied in the Constitution of my coun-
try; and I shall not be deterred from the line of
my argument because the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has seen proper to warn me by name,
that I need not raise my voice in behalf of the
Constitution of our country. He has warned me
that the time has passed when such an appeal
can be successfully made on the floor of an Amer- '
ican Congress. He has told us that it only re-
mains now to draw "black lines around your
Constitution, and write upcn its face the word
• expunged.' " Sir, he who is prepared for the
damnable deed may perform it. It is no part of
my duty, ana fc.ids no response in my heart. I
prefer to guard and protect from the assaults of
treason and fanaticism this sacred legacy from our
revolutionary fathers.
Mr. COMINS. I referred to the slave power.
The SPEAKER. It is not the right of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to interrupt the
gentleman from Georgia. ;
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to any ex- j
planation which the gentleman from Massachu- i
setts may see proper to make. I say, sir, that
notwithstanding all this, I rise to-day to raise
my voice in behalf of that Constitution. I plant
myself on its provisions; and I call upon this
House to enforce them. We sit here to-day as
a court, to pass judgment on one or more of our ,
fellow-members. I invoke the intelligence of the j
House in considering and passing this judgment, j
I B?k them to 1-Vy aside passion and prejudice, a
Come up to the investigation of this question with
your minds free and open to conviction. Let the
truth take afoothold upon yourminds,and what-
ever judgment your minds arrive at, pronounce
it without regard to publicfeeling and excitement,
and the indignation which you may apprehend
outside of these walls.
The report made to this House by the minority
of the committee asserted two general proposi-
tions—one in relation to the freedom of debate,
declaring that that provision of the Constitution
referred to was intended to protect members in
the exercise of their representative duties in legiti-
mate and proper debate, from all questioning be-
fore the civil or criminal courts of the land. On the
subject of privilege, that report asserted a second
proposition—that members of either branch of
Congress possess no other privilege than those
which are derived from the Constitution, from
the laws, and from the rules passed in conform-
ity to the Constitution. These are the two prop-
ositions asserted by the report. A few words in
relation to the first. Gentlemen have referred in
this debate, to the language of the Constitution,.
in support of their views of freedom of debate, as
guarantied by that instrument. It declares:
" And for any .speech or debate in either House they shall
not be questioned in any other place." .
In the construction which I have placed on this
provision of the Constitution that members shall
not be questioned in the courts of the country for
matter spoken in debat% which might be held
slanderous or libelous, we can see the wisdom
and propriety of the provision. But when you
attempt to extend it, as gentlemen on this floor
now call on Congress to extend it, so as to give
every member a perfect immunity for anything
said in debate, let us see to what result it would
lead. We know how irrelevant debates frequently
are in this body. A bill is pending before the
House to provide for the payment for a lost horse,
or for granting a quarter section of land, or any
other purpose; and a member on the floor avails
himself of that opportunity, because you may
be in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and the state of the Union gener-
ally may be under debate, which is unlimited,
unrestricted, unrestrained, and indulges in a
tirade of slander and libel and abuse and vitu-
peration on any citizen of this Republic. Do
you tell me that the Constitution intended to say
to that man, " we throw the cegis of our protec-
tion around you; and although this was a viola-
tion of every propriety, and would be regarded
in every community as highly indecent, vulgar,
wrong, improper, unjustifiable, yet you are a
member of Congress, and jou shall not be ques-
tioned for it?"
What do you mean by the term " questioned?"
If it is not to be taken in the sense in which I
have used it, then it must be taken in its broad
and comprehensive signification, and you may
make a speech upon the floor of Congress, of the
character I have designated, and no man in the
country can question you in relation to it, or ask
for an explanation about it; no man can ask you if
you intended a personal insult, or apersonal indig- j
nity. Another man may make such a declara-
tion within the sacred halls of justice; he may
make it in the pulpit; he may make it when,
where, and how he pleases; and he can be called
to account for it elsewhere: but because he is a
member of Congress, he is authorized to become
a common libeler and slanderer; and the Con-
stitution grants him immunity from all responsi-
bility. Such is the doctrine of privilege.
But,again, when you have made a speech upon .
the floors of Congress, is the newspaper press at
liberty to comment upon your speech? Can the
public press criticise what you have said? Can the
public press call in question your arguments or
your policy? No, sir; when you have gone be-
yond the boundary we have laid down, there is
no limit whatever to the doctrine as assumed
by the majority of the committee. If the position
assumed be the true one, then the public press,
whenever it questions a member of Congress—
whenever it calls in question his speech, or his
debate upon the floor of Congress, is guilty of a
violation of the privileges of the House, and the
proprietors may be called to your bar and pun- :
ished. " ij
Now, sir, I want to know if this doctrine is to
be sustained ? We have heard much here about
freedom of speech, that it must be maintained;
that it must be preserved; that freedom of speech
is one of the bulwarks of our Government. But
what will you do with the freedom of the press ?
If no man may question a member of Congress
for any speech or debate, then the press may not
question it; and there is no political press in
this country that does not violate the privileges
of this House in every issue that comes from it,
for they are constantly questioning the speech
and debate delivered by members upon the floor
of Congress. In their anxiety to maintain an
assumed privilege—or rather immunity—under
this provision of the Constitution guarantying
freedom of debate, the opposition would trample
under foot that other great bulwark of American
freedom—the freedom of the press. When pro-
tection to slanderers and libelers is all that is left
of constitutional freedom of debate, it will not be
worth preserving. Again, to insure freedom of
debate, it is necessary that gentlemen shall be per-
mitted to speak witn freedom upon the floor of
Congress. But does that justify the circulation
of these speeches ? When you speak upon this
floor, there are those to correct you; there are
those to reply to you; there are those to make
explanations, and to do justice to those whom
you may assail; but when you send one hundred
thousand copies of your speech through the
country, into every part of it; when you place
these published speeches in the hands of the citi-
zens of every part of the country, are you at
liberty thus to circulate libels and slanders upon
citizens of the Republic, when there is no oppor-
tunity of reply? Does the Constitution intend
j to justify you in doing that? Is that necessary
for the preservation of your rights, and for the
protection of the deliberations of" this body.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
yesterday eloquently alluded to the freedom of
debate, and to the privileges which are guaran-
tied to the members of Congress by the parlia-
mentary law of Great Britain, as I understood
him. Well, sir, even according to your British
precedents, even in England, a man is not per-
mitted, after having made a speech in Parliament,
to publish and circulate it. But here you may
send out a slander, a libel, to which no reply
was made, of which no explanation was received,
and you cannot be questioned for it. Yes, sir,
that is your doctrine. The slander is made
sacred—sanctified by the fact, that it is delivered
upon the floor of Congress, if the person who
j utters it is to be protected by parliamentary priv-
ilege.
I desire to know why it is that there is such a
necessity for protecting every word and every
syllable that may fall from a member of Congress,
and for protecting him in publishing it and cir-
culating it through your great public avenues,
and not permit him to be questioned in reference
to it ? Why is not a member of Congress content
to stand where every other citizen of the Republic
stands, after having received the protection neces-
sary for the discharge of his representative duties
which the Constitution gives him? The Consti-
tution goes that far, and there it stops. It gives
him that protection, and then places him on a
level with nis humblest constituent. I will only
add to this branch of the argument an extract
from the minority report, containing the views of
Judge Story on this subject:
"We find this subject so clearly and forcibly presented
by Justice Story, in his work on the Constitution, that we
present an extract from that work, in support of the idea
we have barely intimated. Story says :
"' The next great and vital privilege is the freedom of
speech and debate, without which all other privileges would
bo compaiativelv unimportant or ineffectual. This privi-
lege, also, is derived from the practice of the Kritish Par-
liament, and was in full exercise in our Colonial Legisla-
tures, and now belongs to the Legislature of every State in
the Union as a matter of constitutional right. In the British
Parliament it is a claim of immemorial right, and is now
further fortified by an act of Parliament: and it is always
particularly demanded of the King, in person, by the Speaker
of the House of Commons, at the opening of every new
Parliament. But tins privilege is strictly confined to things
done in the course of parliamentary proceedings, and does
not cover things done beyond the place and limits of duty.
Therefore, although a speech delivered in the House of
Commons is privileged, and the member cannotboflues-
tioncd respecting it elsewhere, yet, if he publlMv his
rp""ch, and if contain" libelous mst'or. he i  1iaM¥'to an
