1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
passed it, or originated it? Was it the Senate,
composed of the entire number of Senators
elected, or who ought to be elected, under the
Constitution? or was it the Senate, composed
of a quorum to do business? It was, most as-
suredly, the Senate, composed of a quorum to do
business, that passed this bill. By the very terms
of this clause, it is that body which passed it that
is to pass it the second time, to wit: the quorum
that passed it the first time.
Mr. "WELLER. It is a mere question of re-
consideration under the Constitution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly. "When the
bill shall have passed both Houses, and your
President sends it back, what is to be done by it?
It is to be " reconsidered" by the body which
passed it,by "that House" which passed it; and
if, upon reconsideration, it passes by two thirds,
it becomes a law.
Now, sir, we are turned to—what? We are
turned to a clause which speaks of the power of
the Senate in secret session to ratify treaties. I
submit that has nothing whatever to do with the
subject; and it was perfectly competent for those
who framed the Constitution to change their
phraseology in different parts of it, and not always
to use the precise terms to mean the same thing
in every section in which those terms might be-
come necessary. There are changes of terms in
every part of the Constitution, of which I might
instance dozens. Eut this is surely a far-fetched
argument. The argument to be drawn from the
amendmentof the Constitution to which the Sen-
ator from Virginia has referred is perfectly con-
clusive on my side of the question, because the
Constitution in this amendment declares that, if
no person have a majority of votes for the Vice
Presidency of the United States, " the Senate
shall choose the Vice President." What would
have been the result of that alone? The result
would have been that a quorum of the Senate by
a majority would have chosen a Vice President.
Now, as this is a matter of the most grave im-
portance that can ever be done by the Senate, as
it is the highest function it can ever exercise, those
who framed this amendment of the Constitution
required a larger quorum than for any other pur-
pose; and whereas, under the Constitution itself,
the Senate, under all circumstances, could have
transacted business with a quorum consisting of
a majority; yet for this, the most exalted and im-
portant function the Senate can ever have to ex-
ercise tinder our form of government—that of
giving the Executive Magistrate to the entire na-
tion—those who framed the amendments to the
Constitution, as a measure of extra precaution,
required that a quorum should consist of two
thirds instead of a bare majority. This is the
language. It begins by giving to the Senate the
choice of the Chief Executive Magistrate under
the circustances indicated, and then proceeds to
qualify that power ky restricting the Senate to its
exercise when its quorum shall be two thirds, in
these words:
" Then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Sen-
ate shali choose tho Vice President."
If it had rested there, a majority of a quorum
could have chosen a Vice President, who would
then have exercised the functions of President;
but it goes on:
"A quorum for the pui pose shall consist of two thirds of
the whole number ol Senators and a majority of the whole
number shall be necessat> to a choice."
Therefore, you must necessarily have two
thirds of the entire Senate present to constitute
the quorum; but even two thirds of those two
thirds will not be sufficient, because you must
have, besides the majority of those two thirds
who are present, a majority of the whole number
of Senators. Is not this conclusive, Mr. Presi-
dent, to show that, in the inferior function of pass-
ing upon a simple legislative act, it is impossible
that the Constitution could have intended to re-
quire the concurrence of two thirds of the whole
number of Senators elected? You may take the
clause of the Constitution, which speaks of the
veto power, and after the most thorough exam-
ination of it you can make nothing more or less
of it than tins: It is the right of the President of
the United States to request Congress to recon-
sider a subject when Congress has passed upon
it and it does not meet his approbation. That is
the language of the section, its purport and in-
tent, and you can give it no other construction,
and no other effect. The presidential veto comes
to us with a statement of the President's objec-
tions to our legislation; and his objections to'our
legislation impose on us the imperative duty of
reconsidering the subject. It is all we have to
do; but when wo have reconsidered it, then, in-
stead of a simple majority, two thirds of the
Senate must vote for the measure m order that it
may pass into a law. As I said before, we are
doing business—to use the language of the Sen-
ator from Virginia himself—we are transacting
business; and he admits that, for the transaction
of business, a majority of the Senate is the
Senate.
Mr. MASON. Unless the Constitution other-
wise provides.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend, Mr. Presi-
dent, to take any prominent part in this discus-
sion, for it is a question which has been sprung
on me very suddenly; but as the Senator from
Louisiana seems to have given his attention to
the subject, I desire to propound to him one inter-
rogatory, and if he can answer it satisfactorily I
shall yield the whole argument. I maintain that
the word " two thirds," as used in the Constitu-
tion, has different imports. I cannot be mistaken
in that. I ask the Senator from Louisiana
whether the Senate and House of Representatives
have the faculty of proposing amendments to the
Constitution without the concurrence of two
thirds of the members by election constituting
those two bodies? Will the Senator from Lou-
isiana pretend to say that thirty-two Senators,
being a majority or quorum of this body, can, by
a vote of twenty-two of their number, propose an
amendmentof the Constitution? The Constitu-
tion has very different pui poses in the various
clauses in which it uses the word " two thirds."
For tho purpose of organization a majority must
necessarily put into existence the body which is
to go into operation under the Constitution. For
the purpose of organization, I grant a majority
may be a quorum; for the purpose of doing ordi-
nary business, a majority may be sufficient; for
the purpose of passing upon a treaty, m the ex-
press language, the guarded language, and the
limited language of the Constitution, two thirds
of the Senators present must loncur. In one
sense, two thirds of those present form a compe-
tent body; in another sense, two thirds is not a
competent body for the purpose of complying
with the import of the Constitution.
Sir, I hope it will never come to pass that these
guards and barriers, which were intended to be
lets and hindrances against excessive legislation,
will be broken down. What is the veto power ?
What is the requirement that two thirds shall be
necessary to pass a bill over a Presidential veto,
if twenty-two men can pass it because there hap-
pen to he accidentally twenty-two here at the
time who think one way, when those who have
different views may not be present?
As long as we have the latent guard that a bill
which has been vetoed must,'m fact, be passed
by two thirds of the body, or, in other words,
that the faculty of exercising this imposing power
must be by two thirds of the. whole body, there
is a security against the danger of precipitate
legislation. I do not soy that the Senator from
Louisiana may not be right m this case; but what
I wish to call to his attention is, that the term
" two thirds" has different imports in the differ-
ent parts of the Consttiution m which it is used.
If I had any hesitation on the subject, 1 have
lived long enough to see that, although the Con-
stitution of tiie United States was originally in-
tended to guard the rights of a mmoiity and for
their protection, you will fritter it away by as-
suming that a majority here can decide what the
requirement of two thirds means. What is the
authority of two thirds when you reduce it, in all
cases, to the simple decision of a majority of a
majority? A majority of a majority present will
decide this question. What, appeal have I? I do
not say that, perhaps, it may not be right in this
particular case, but I do say that I am not going
to yield to that honzontal notion of construction
of the Constitution that the same words mean the
same thing 111 eveiy article. It is not true.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I will answer the honor- j
able Senator from South Carolina, and I will do |
so with a great deal of pleasure. As regards the :
point, that a majority of the Senate is to determine j
this question, I will put it to the Senator whether i
he would propose that a minority should de-
termine it f
Mr. BUTLER. I propose two thirds.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I put it to the Senator
whether he proposes that a minority shall de-
termine who the two thirds are?
Mr. BUTLER. I answer the Senator, that, if
a majority or minority undertake to do so by
usurpation, it is wrong.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator this further question—and I shall put no
other—where is the power under this Govern-
ment to determine who the two thirds are?
Mr. BAYARD. The judicial power.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The judicial power will
determine it afterwards.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill will not be a law
unless it be passed according to the Constitution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly it will not
be a law, if it be not passed according to the Con-
stitution, but for legislative purposes who is to
decide this point?
Mr. BUTLER. I say that, if twenty-two Sen-
ators and the same proportion of Representatives
should undertake to amend the Constitution by
the action of that minority, that reduced number,
if the courts could take cognizance of it, they
would decide it to be a void amendment uf the
Constitution.
Mr. BENJA MIN. I was about to answer that
point of the Senator, and it is simply done by this
statement: I believe that the two thirds required
by the fifth article of the Constitution is two
thirds of a quorum; I have not the shadow of a
doubt about it myself. I do not believe there is
the slightest difference between the meaning of
" two thirds" there and its meaning in the other
article to which we are referring, in relation to the
veto power. There is not, however, the slightest
danger of that which the Senator from South Car-
olina seems to apprehend; for the Constitution of
the United States has not put it into the power of
two thirds of either body of Congress, or both
Houses of Congress, to make an amendment to the
Constitution; but it has provided such checks and
guards as make it utterly impossible for an
amendment of the Constitution to be adopted
without such a majority of the people and of the
States of this Union as to put it beyond the
shadow of all controversy, whether or not that be
the true sense of the American people; for it
requires that
<k Congrc-p, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall piopo&e amendment:? to tins Con-
stitution; oi, on tho application of the Legislatures of two
thuds of the scvcial State®, «shall call a convention for pro-
posing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to
all intents and pui poses, as parts of this Constitution, when
ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the seveial
States, or bv conventions in three foutths thereof, as Lhe
one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by
the Congress."
But, sir, I do not go into that question at all,
and do not mean to go into it, because it is not
germane to the question before us. I say, what-
ever be the true interpretation of that clause, there
can be no doubt about the other, and for this
reason: in the clause which speaks of the veto
power, the question before us is, whether the
Iiouse which is to reconsider a bill passed is the
same House or a different House from that which
first considered and passed it? Unless gentlemen
are willing to come to the conclusion which to
me—with all due deference I speak it—appears
preposterous, that the reconsideration is to take
place by a different body from that which first
considered it, there can be no question on the
subject. The body which first considered this
bill was the Senate, composed of a majority of a
quorum. It is to that body that the Constitution
of the United States says the President is to re-
commit it for reconsideration, and if two thirds
of that body which originally passed it shall pass
it again, it shall becomc a law, provided two thirds
orthe other House concur. What was the body
that originally passed it? A majority of the Sen-
ate—a quorum—and a majority of that quorum
voting to pass the bill. Now, to " that House"
which passf-d the bill it is to be recommitted, and
by "that House" which passed the bill it is to
be reconsidered, and by "that House" which
passed the bill it is to be determined. I think
there can be no question what "that House"
was which passed this bill.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I do not propose
to make an argument on this question, but to
