^PrgOffQRfiSglOWAfc GhQWj
[July l§i
347a SKSS.
Ajtwult in Mr, Sumner—Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
Ho- of Reps.
action and prosecution therefor, fa in common eases of
j8"1' And the same principles seem applicable to tin priri-
leee of debate and speech in Oongretis. No msI? °ugbt
to have a right to delaine others, under color of the per-
formance of the duties ot his office. And if he does so in
the actual discharge of his duties in Congress, that furnishes
no reason why He should be enabled, through the medium
of the press, to destroy the reputation and invade the paqce
of other citizens- Itis neither within the scope of his pub-
lic duty, nor in furtherance of public rights or public policy.
Every citizen has as good a right to be protected by the law* |
from inalignaBt scandal and falsa cnarges, and defamatory j
imputations as a member of Congress has to Utter them in. |
his seat. If ft were otherwise, a maji's character might be i
taken away without the possibility of redress, either %y the j
malice, or indiscretion, or overweening self-conceit of a
member of Congress. It ia proper, however, to apprise the
learned reader, that it has recently been dented in Congress,
by very distinguished lawyers, that the privilege of speech
and debate in Congress does not extend to publication of
his speech. And they ground themselves upon a very im-
portant distinction arising from the actual differences be-
tween English and American legislation. In the fprmer,
the publication of the debates is hot strictly lawful except
by license of the House. In the latter, it is a common right,
exercised and supported by the direct encouragement the
body. This reasoning deserves a very attentive examina-
tion.'
" The suggestion of the differences between English and
American legislation on this subject^ alluded to by the
learned commentator in the closing paragraph of the t'ore-
goinj extract, does not strike our minds with tbe same
force that it did his, and we pass from the further consider-
ation of this branch of this subject, Without giving this dis-
tinction that attentive examination wliicU his has invoked
'or it."
I proceed to the next branch of my argument
—the question of the privileges of members of
this House. I have in this report propounded a
question. I have listened to the arguments which
have been presented, and I shall listen to those
•who may follow ine, with some anxiety for an
answer to that inquiry. My question is, where
do you obtain your privileges/ We limit them
to the Constitution, to the laws, and to your rules
passed in pursuance of that Constitution. Are
we to be informed where else we can obtain them?
Will you go to British precedents ? Am I to be
informed that we derive our authority for ques-
tionsof privilege from tbe precedents of the British
Parliament? Then I ask gentlemen to sayit,and
say it frankly, that it may go to the country. Do
youadoptthe British precedents as we find them in
the books f 1 again present them to the House in
an extract from the minority report, in order that
the country may be informed of the character of
the privileges now claimed far members of Con-
gress:
" For tbe purpose of placing before the House (jot their
consideration some of the precedents of the British Parlia-
ment, we submit an extract taken from an able minority
report presented to this House in 1828, by Hon. P. P. Bar-
tour, of Virginia, in which a fewof these pneedeats have
been collected :
" 'A man by the name of Cranfield Was fined JE500 each
to four members .whom he had slandered. Jjord Saviite was
committed to the Tower for refiisihg to name tbe p&aOn who
had written a letter to tlim, which Parliaqienf :liod thought
treacherous. In 1547, an order was made Jorfeveral mem-
bers of the House to take some of the deputje? of the eer-
geant-at-arms, and to break open the doors and seize the
trunks and papers of one Captaiu Vernon.
In 1644, a schoolmaster was examined for an Arian
book; the book was burned by tbe bands of thotmngmnn.
He was confined in Newgate, and then banisheu.lp t'ie isle
of Scilly. There is a case which is remarkable for the
caprice "which dictated the punishment: two persons were
placed back to back on a horse, and, with, a label, specify-
ing the offense, made to ride in this manner round Clraring-
cross; and that, too, for arresting a member's servant, m
violation of a privilege not npw claimed. As, however, it
may be objected to some of these precedents tliat they oc-
curred in bad times—that is, during tbe period of the Long
Parliament—some more modern ones will now be quoteji:
" '.In the case of Sliirley us, Fagg, in the twenty-seventh
of Charles the Second, the House of Commons maintained
that an appeal taken from the Court of Chancery to the
House of fjords, by Shirley against Fagg, who was,one of
their members, was a breach of their privileges.
, "'In another case, which was an appeal taken byCrispe
against I)elmahoy, wbo was a member, they imprisoned the
^rgeanu and barristers who had pleaded for Crispe, con-
trary to an order of the Bouse, as for a breach of privilege.
In the case of Admiral Griffith, a member, certai n per-
sons who had trespassed on.his.fishery were found guiltyof
a breach of privilege, and were ordered to stand committed,
and were afterwards discharged, after being reprimanded
On, their knees, and paying the costs. And even as late a*
about the year 1811, Sir Francis Burdett was committed to
tbe.Tower of London for a breach of privilege iu writing or
publishing a libel, os.it was deemed by the House of Com-
jflwns. In times more, remote, judges were put in custody
Of the serjeant-at-arms; and in one instance, Judge Berk-
ley was taken off. his bench in Westminster Hau, by the
iisber of tbe black rod, to the great terror of his brethren;
Jiotthe instances quoted, of counsel being imprisoned for
arguing a cause, and persons ordered to be committed for
,trC8Pa®^iare strong illustrations, of tbe .position,
tWtWHB6h.ijr, et of ni«n csia eafely be trusted with the
unrestrained power of judging and punishing in their own
case. It rs hot sufficient to say that the House will not fol-
low such absurd precedents; once let it be settled that it
depends upon their discretion alone to decide whether there
is a contempt or breach of privilege, and to decide both tbe
kind and measure of punishment, without the power of any
other tribunal to relieve, then the citizen's claim to liberty
is not a matter of right, but of sufferance.'
" And, fortbe purpose of more fully illustrating tbe extent
and enormity of these privileges, as exercised by tbe British
Parliament, we add to the foregoing collation a ftew addi-
tional instances, although the number could be multiplied
indefinitely:
" < 13th June, 1696. George Gardner, for scandalizing the
justice of this tlouse, and lor unjustly slandering the lord
keeper, was ordered to stand in the pillory at Westminster,
with a paper on his head declaring his offense, and to ride
backward with the same paper to the cross in Cheapside,
and so to stand in tbe pillory there, and so to ride backward
to the Fleet. And though the lord keeper did earnestly
desire this punishment might be forgiven Gardner, yet the
House denied it.
12th June, 1628. Ensign Reyndes, for ignominious
speeches,, and a contempt for this high court of Parliament,
was adjudged " never to bear arms, to be unworthy to be a
soldier, to imprisonment during pleasure, to stand in the
pillory, and to ask forgiveness, and fined."
" ' 1st March, 1676. Dr. Carey was fined £1,000 for refus-
ing to discqver liis knowledge of a libel, and to be commit-
ted to the Tower until he pays the same.
• " ' 22d February, 1695. The House was informed that
there was a paper deliver# at the door, reflecting on the
House, by Robert Crossfield s whereupon he was called in,
3pd owned the paper, but refusing to give the House an
account who printed it, he was ordered into custody.'"
I put it to gentlemen upon, the opposite side of
the Souse: Do you approve and sanction these
precedents? And if your authority is derived
from these precedents, then tell me how it is that
you can go there and gather up just so muchpriv-
llege as you want, and leave the rest? Where
is your limit—where is your restriction, when
you have once lost sight of the Constitution of
the country ? That is the limitation. . Do you
say that the House of Representatives possesses
the power of the House of Commons of the Brit-
ish Parliament—that we have the same authority
over the citizen and the member—that we can
punish for any offense ? If you do, then we un-
derstand the position of gentlemen; we know the
ground occupied by the other side; and I am will-
ing to submit to the people, without argument,
whether or not these British precedents can be
held as law for the House of Representatives and
the Senate of the United States.
But I am told that we have precedents of our
own. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
yesterday referred to several of them. I grant
that there are precedents to be found. I admit
that this House and the Senate have, by a ma-
jority vote on one or two occasions, claimed and
exercised these privileges. Yet it is due to the
truth of history that it should be known there
always was ardent and able opposition to any
such doctrine. And I have no doubt that the
argument presented on each of these occasions
will stand the test again of an intelligent and un-
biased public.
The gentleman from Ohio, in referring to the
precedents, omitted the first precedent which we
have in reference to this matter. It occurred in
1796. The Governor and Legislature of Ken-
tucky sent to the United States Senate a charge
against one of the members of that body, (Hum-
phrey Marshall,) of the high and infamous of-
fense of perjury, and oalling for his expulsion.
Gentlemen say you have the power—you have
the authority under your doctrine of privileges.
When this case was presented to .the Senate in
17d6j Mr. Marshall at once demanded an inves-
tigation. He did not evade it; he courted the in-
vestigation. Yet the Senate, with, as I now rec-
ollect, but sue dissenting votes, declared that it
had .no jurisdiction over the case. The report
will be found in " the Annals of Congress, It
concludes thus:
" And they are also of opinion, that, an the ComtituHon
does nol five jurisdiction to the Senate, the consent of the
party cannot give it; and that, therel'oie, the said memorial
Ought to be dismissed."
We have precedents on both sides of the ques-
tion. But the Constitution of the United States
provides expressly what , shall be the privileges
of members of this House. I propound to gen-
tlemen of the other aide of the question, why
the necessity of .incorporating privileges into the
Constitution, in express* words, if they are to be
found .in British precedents ? There is not a pro-
vision in the Constitution which did not exist by
virtue of British precedents—not one. There ia
| no new provision in your Constitution that mem-
bers could not have enjoyed under the British
precedents. What has been the response ? I am
| recapitulating yery briefly the argument on this
> sabject which I have incorporated in the minority
| report. What is the response ? One is, a refer-
ence to these precedents. The other is by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that if we
do not exercise these privileges, then this House
is without :ppwer to protect itself; that members
may be trampled on and prevented from the dis-
charge of their duties.
What is the remedy ?
This House, he says, is. tp stand just as a
court, with the power of self-pteservation—with
the same power to punish for a contempt that a
court possesses. Sir, I am willing, for the sake
of the argument, to admit the correctness of that
position; but there is, in my honest judgment, a
very erroneous opinion existing in tbe minds of
those who hold this doctrine in reference to the
power of a court to punish for contempt. The
prevailing idea seems to be that a court punishes
for contempt according to the discretion of the
judge ; that a judge on the bench can determine
what he pleases to be a contempt of the court,
and the punishment for it. It is not so.
The law of contempt is as well settled as any.
other criminal law in the land. It is settled in
some of the States by statute, and in others bv
the common law. The authority, power, ana
duty of court to punish for contempt can be as
well ascertained from the statute or the compion
law of the land as the authority, power, and duty
to punish for any other criminal offepse. I de-
sire to caU attention particularly to this point,
because my argument rests on the proposition
which I shall seek to illustrate hereafter, that in
this land no man can be punished except in ac-
cordance with the prescriDed law. There is no
such thing as a vague, indefinite law resting in
the mipd of a judge, and to be exercised by him
after the commission of an act — a law unknown
to the citizen and the public. He has no power
to punish for contempt except on well settled prin-
ciples of law. Congress has given evidence by
its legislation that it is not willing even to trust
the federal courts with this power to the extent
of the common law.
In 1830, or 1831, after the trial of Judge Peck,
when this doctrine of contempts was attempted to
be carried to an enormous extenLby one of tiie
Federal courts. Congress prescribed by statute
what should be contempts of court. I apprehend
that gentlemen are familiar with the law. They
will find it set forth in the fourth volume of Uni-
ted States Statutes at Large, page 488. The fol*
lowing are its provisions:
" That tbe power of the several conrts of the United
States to iasae attachments and inflict summary punish-
ments for contempts of court, shall not be construed to ex-
tend to any cases pxcept the misbehavior of any person or
persons, in the presence of the said courts, or so near thereto
as to obstruct the administration of justice, tbe misbehavior
of any of the cffficers of the«said courts in their official
transactions, and the disobedience or resistance by any offi-
cer Of the said courts, party, juror, witness, or any other
person or persons, to any lawful writ, process, order, rule,
decree, or command of the said courts.
" Sec. 2. And be if further enacted, That if any person or
persons shall corruptly, or by threats, or force, endeavor to
influence, intimidate, or impede any juror, witness, or offi-
cer, in any court of the United States, in tJ e discharge df hi*
duty, or shall, corruptly, or by threats, or force, obstiucf or
impede, or endeavor to obstruct or impede, the due ad iuiui !
tfation of justice therein, every person or persons Ml offend-
ing shall be liable to prosecution therefor by mdietmcnt,
and shad, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment notex-
ceeding three months, or both, accordingto tbe a°®
aggravation of tbe offense."
Then, if you try to draw your authority from
assimilating yourself to the courts of the coun-
try, you must, like them, find your wn|tten law
authorizing you to punish contempt. What
desire to bring gentlemen to is to show the pre-
scribed law under which they exercise these
powers of privilege. Locate it where you will,
Dut let us know your authority, and do not hold
that it is a vague, indefinite discretion, resung in
the,minds of a majority of the House.
Mr. Speaker, this doctrine of privilege, as con-
tended.for by these gentlemen, amounts to thi*—
that this House has power to arrest one of iw
members, to arrest any citizen, bring him befor*
