18^]
34^Cp^G«^isT SESS.
Assault onJffir, Sumner—JfTr, < Cobb, of Georgia.
iho. or repb.
the bar of the House, charge-him. With the com-
mission of any act which this House at the time
of the arrest,and at the time of the charge^ shall,
in its judgment, deem *. violation 6i its privilege,
and punish the member or tl\e citizcyxtherefor. A
man does an act to-day against which there is no
law, no rule of this House,«  provision «f your
Constitution, and, bo far ae iht^public law of the
land is concerned, perfectly innocent, H® is
arraigned for it, charged with a breach of privi-
lege in the commission of that act; you sit as the I
judge; you execute the law, you judge the latf, j
and make the law, and all of it is done after the |
act has been committed. j
- 1 put it ta the candor of gentlemen to say, J 
this-in conformity to the spirit of your Coastitu-i
tion ? Is itjftot violative of the letter-of the Con-
stitution ? That Consiitution declares that '• no
tx past facto iaw shall be passed." Tell me, in
your calm and - deliberate moments^ what was
that provision put there for? What was its ob-
ject? Did it spek to protect the citizen in any
great inestimable right ? If so, what was that
great ajadmestioaable right which the Constitu-
tion, by thif prevision, intended, to protect.the
ciusen in the enjoyment of? It was to guard
against the exercise of arbitrary power in tine
punishment of a man for the violation of an un*-
known, unpassed, aad unprespnbed law.
Are you mote fitted for the exerpiae of#> da -
serous * power than th# courts of theoountry?
Should I rise upon the floor of this body, or ia
the legislative body of any State in the Union,
and propose to give to a judge or jury the power
to arrest a citieert, and after the arregt, to declare
that he had violated a law, when fiosuch law ex-
isted at the time,, or to pass a law, after the com-
mission of an act, for the punishment of the act,
every man in thia body would be horrified by the
idea, and it would not meet with, the sanction or
judgmeat of a single aaember "upon this floor.
And yet I put it to your candor, would it be -more
dangerous foe the }u4ge  or juries of the country
>o exwiws that power, than it w fo* you to ex-
ercise it? How different? There sita the judge,
VAbiased, unprejudiced, free from passion, free
from the influence of public clamor, and he holds
.the #C 1« of jttstice eqsal. There sita the jury,
who are chosen for,their impartiality—every man
has btsea rejected who has shown bias or preju-
dioe—no inflapned passion, or excited prejudice,
is permitted to enter the jury-bo*.
Here are no prejudiceo men; and yet-the Con-
stiuition of our couatry declares that even into
the hands of this body, of wen, this great, powe*
shall-not be permitted to go-r-this power to pass
a law after the commission of aaoffense, to pun-
ish a. man for it. They will not permit this pure
—the purest-body, perhaps, in our country-—ju-
dicial tribunal—to exercise this great power.
And yet you can exercise it. Do you ptand
here as aa impartial jury ? Do you stand here
to-day aa an unprejudiced judge ? Do you stand
free from passion—free from all improper-influx
enfie ? Do yo« hold the scales of justioe with «
Arm aad steady hand? Ia it,-the mind and not
the heart—the. judgment and oof tike passion,
which is to pronounce judgment upon this im*
portant occasion? And. yet gentlemen tpll me
tbat this great power isgiven by the Constitution
~rthe power to declare that an act is a violation
of law, when it waa unpublished, unknown to
the countryT because it was a privilege existing
in the minds of the Legislature, an unexpressed
thought, running through the mind of .Congress,
to be located when,! where.and how they choose.
. The £entlem#nfrom Ohio spoke eloquently on
jfeetertlay m behalf of the. great right of a«itizen
t6 be, protected in freedom of tspeo«h. I staad
here to-day to protect the cifciaen, as well as mem-
bers of Congress, from the assertion of this un-
authorized and, dangerous power. To-day the
gentleman from South Carolina is arraigned under
this doctrine; to-morrow it may be you, or I,*or
any other man.. How long, if this , power is
claimed and exercised, before any. ajsd every cit-
izen in this land may be drawn up at the bar of
this House, and there told, " You have violated
a privilege which had its existence in my intellect,
though unknown to the country: we have, the
power to fine and imprison, ana all the powers
incident to theexercise of the same powfer by the'
courts of Justice, in cases of contempt." I am
not prepared to subscribe to ,'any.sucti, doctrine.
I do not believe the public mind in this country,
will sustain any such doctrine.
But, sir, in addition to that, I Want to know
why it is that 1-esort is to be had to this extraor-
dinary power of privilege, for the protection to
members of Congress? The same lSw which
protects your constituents protects y$u. Here is
the Constitution: it gives you certain powers;
here are the laws which have been, passed, and
which give you certain privileges. Why do you
desire to go beyond ii? .Do yoji desire to be
protected in Jour,deliberations? Do you desire to
be protected ,in the discharge of your represent-
ative duties? You haveample.power and author-
[ ity( as Ishall endeavor to sh6w. If your rights,
as individuals, are violated outside of this Hall,
and not in the discharge of your representative
duties, your protection is the sajne law that pro-
tects your constituents. You, upon the floor of
i this Congress, violate all the rules of propriety
and decency, by indulging in slanders and in
libels, wounding and outraging the feelings and
sentiments of an individual, and assailing his
personal hd'nor; you have a constituent who does
the same thing without^ the walls; both of you
may be assailed'for this violence and outrage upon
the rights of a .third person, upon his feelings,
upon his reputation, and upon his character. J.,
say. Sir, that when you have left the Hall of this
deliberation you and your constituent stand upon
an equal footing. You tel] me that you are not
amply protected without resorting to these priv-
ileges. I ask you, is your constituent protected ?
Do you desire this ground upon which we
stend to be made more sacred for your footsteps,
than for those of the humblest citizen of the'
land? Is there to be one law for the protection of
members of Congress, and another law for the
protection of the citizens of the land ?. My con-
stituent walks with me upon Pennsylvania ave-
nue; he has done, on the public avenue, what I
have done on the floor of Congress; | have
wronged ,a neighbor; I have violated his reputa-
tion; I have committed an outrage pm his char;
acter^ my, constituent has done tne same thing;
we meet the man that we have mutually outraged
upon the street or anywhere else; he calls us
to account; I.say to my constituent: "You must
look to the law to protect you, but around rne is
the panoply of congressional privilege; I am a
better man than you; I am a member of 'Con-
gress; I am not responsible as- you are; I stand
on higher ground than you." I say to the assailed
patty, *• Do not Come near .me; seek your revenge
and your satisfaction out of that humble rtian who
enjoys not the honors and privileges of a mem-
bership of Congress." Sir, it is wrong. It can-
not stand. The judgment of the country will
pronounce against it; end your constituent will
say to you, " The law that is sufficient and ample
for my protection is suflicient and ample for
yours."''
But the gentleman from Ohio asks what is to
be done ? He says this House; has no power,
I say it hais power, and ample power. You have
exercised it in part. You have already declared,
by the rules of your House, that if a member
violates those rules, api is called to order, the
House may censure him for it. You have given
power to the Speaker to clear these, galleries.
You have givenpower to the Speaker to preserve
order here; and, if a member violates certain
rules of order, yciu have claimed the. power to
Censure him.
Now let us S£e whether of not .it is neces^&ry
to resort to this doctrine, of privilege in order to
protect this 'body in its deliberations. Here is
the Constitution. It declares the duties of the
Senate and the House. It gives to each House!
the power to pass rules for. its own government,
and to pass, all needful rules and regulationsfor
carrying put-the powers granted in the Constitu-
tion. Now, all that I ask for, and all that 1 con-
tend for, is this. Where .the Constitution pre-
scribes your privileges and your rights, clearly, j
distinctly, and unequivocally,legislation may not j
be necessary; but wherever there exists a neces- j
sity for the exercise of any power, on. the part I
of either Hoi^e, to nr<Mtjde for He discharge of
its representative duties, and to carry on its de-
liberations, and in so doing it may become neces-
sary to punish either members of the House or
individuals who are not members of the House,
for the protection of those rights, then your
duty is pointed out by the same rule of conduct
which points out the duty of every legislator in
reference to every law that you find upon the
statute-book. You want to accomplish an object—
the preservation of good order, and the protection
of this body in its deliberations from insiders
and from outsiders. Why not pass a law prescrib-
ing that, in the event any member of the House
violates the good order of the Hou^e, or if any
individual in the country comes in here and dis-
turbs the deliberations of this body, he shall be
liable to be punished therefpr? Cannot it be done?
I ask you again, how do tne courts protect them-
selves? Bylaw. How ai? all our institutions
protected? Bylaw. On each returning Sabbath,
the people of this countnr, throughout the length,
and breadth of the lancf, assemble together in
their various places of public worship, for the
1 purpose of engaging in their religious exercises;
This sacred duty is to be performed. Does the
law leave them at the mercy of the rioter and
of the violator of the public peace ? I know not
how the law may be in other States of this Union,
but I say for my own State, that she is there with
her law, which she throws around the citizens
engaged in this holy and sacred duty, and protects
them in it. It is so, I apprehend, throughout
the land. Are.you more sacred, either in person,
in beart, oi, in intellect? Why is it that your
constituents can be protected by law, but you
are unwilling to allow your protection to rest upon
law ? When you ask me, therefore, for a remedy,
I say, pass your law; deelare what shall be a vio-
lation of the privileges of the House' or of its
members; let your law be confined to the power?
granted by the Constitution; do not go beyond
that. It may properly be by a statute passed by
both Houses of Congress, or it may be by joint
rules. Some of these provisions may be made
by the rules of your own House. But, pass the
law; pass the. rules,; do not violate that great
principle on which the personal right of the
citizen rests—that no vo$t facto law shall be
passed. Do not look at the offense ccimmittedj
and then, drawing from'^ome unknown source,
ask to Injpose upon the offender a punishment
of which he h^s ha4 no notice. Let there,-then,
be no further - appeal of this character. The
remedy is a plain, a simple^ and an easy one.
Here tire the powers of the House,given to it
by the Constitution of the country. Exercise
that power in the passage of the necessary laws
for your protection. But the Constitution of
the country was cautious' in'guarding the exercise
of power on the part of Congress, limiting and
restricting it. Pur fathers Were unwilling to in-
trust to this Government any wide and unlimited
discretion. And yet I ana told that, while they
threw all these guards -around the general power
of Congress—while they were tinwillingto leave
or intruqt to bot'h Houses of Congress, acting
as mutual checks on each other, with the Presi-
dent and veto power acting as a <;heck Upon both
—while they were unwilling, I say, to intrust,
discretionary power to all these different depart-
ments actiiig together, yet, still, these fathers of
1 the Constitution were willing to, intrust such
po>yefs-{iS I hpve presented here to-day into tha
hands of the two Houses of Congress.
But my time'is rapidly passing, and I rnust
hasten on with the argument, On this question
of privilege let us see to what eXtent/the majority
of this committee are carrying that power. In
addition to.the resolution for the expulsion of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. JJiROOKt,]
it is proposed also to punish by'censare another
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. KetTT,]
and one from Virginia, .[Mr. Edmunpson.J
tJnder what, power ? Where is your authority ?
You, need not point to the provision of the Con-
stitution under which the power is cla^ned to
expel the gentleman from South Carolina. Where
is the power to punish Mr. KsJTT.and.Mr. Ep-
MwndsjON? Tbeyhftve.been-guijty of no disorderly
b^jiavjor, It is unnecessary for ®e to examine
