1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
to pass the bill, as if every Senator were present.
This is my'view.
Mr. MASON. I shbuld like a little time to
look into the precedents, and give to this subject
further consideration, for it does not seem to me
so clear as it does seem to the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] There is
one thing that I apprehend I may assume as
true, that in constitutional interpretation "two
thirds of the Senate" means one thing, and "two
thirds of the Senators present" means another
thing. No gentleman, I suppose, will deny that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I deny it distinctly.
Mr. MASON. That the Constitution 
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Virginia
will allow me to give him a case in point in an
article of the Constitution which I think removes
the difficulty altogether. It is in the second
article, and I allude to it because it is on the
point upon which the Senator from Virginia
insists:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent ot the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of
the Senators present concur."
The Senator from Alabama asked, and appeared
to anticipate some difficulty in having the ques-
tion answered, why it was when this proposition
was presented to the consideration of the com-
mittee of the convention, that two thirds of the
Senators present should be sufficient to overrule
the veto of the President, that it was not so
provided? He assumed that, because that clause
was removed from the draft of the Constitution,
it therefore was objected to by those who made
the Constitution. 1 consider that they treated it
as mere surplusage; that they assumed that
without the presence of those words two thirds
of the members of either House competent to do
business would be sufficient to overrule the veto
of the President, and I invoke the following
paragraph of the Constitution as adopted, to
show that such has been at least the action of
the Senate since the establishment of this
Government;
" Ue shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make tieaties, provided two timdb ol'
thr  Scniitor.s present eoiiciu.''
I say that if those words, "provided two thirds
of the Senators present concur," had not been
fouud in the Constitution, the same effect would
have followed—two thirds of the majority pres-
ent would have been able to ratify treaties, and
I appeal to the following sentence in the same
article and clause of the Constitution:
" And he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
eonsent ot tile Senate, bliatl appoint embdftsadorf,, utile/
public ministers, and consuls.
From the juxtaposition of those two provis-
ions, perhaps the inference might be drawn, that
ill the one ease two thirds of the Senators pres-
ent were necessary, and in the other a majority
of all the Senators elect; but what lias been the
uniform usage of the Senate? I appeal to every
Senaiorhere. [ presume itisnotapomtwhich we
are not at liberty to discuss here, though it relates
to our proceedings in executive session. It is an
every-day occurrence, not only where appoint-
ments pass by mere consent, but where there isa
division, that a majority of the Senate present is
sufficient to confirm appointments of the Presi-
dent. Then why should not the same provision
have been found in this clause of the Constitu-
tion if the other phrase liad been considered at
all necessary?
Mr. CLAY. Will the honorable Senator from
Louisiana answer me a question ? He suggests,
as a reason for adopting a different phraseology
m the Constitution from that proposed by Air.
Pmckney, that probably the committee regarded
the words, " those present," as mere surplusage.
Then, I ask him, if they omitted these words,
when treating of the negative power of the Pres-
ident, because they were mere surplusage, why
did they adopt that surplusage when they came
to speak of his right to make treaties by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate ? I will sug-
gest what appears to meprimafacie to be ^sufficient
reason for this difference of phraseology of the
Constitution. In the one case, in respect to mak-
ing treaties, there is the concurrence of the Pres-
ident and the Senate, and hence they may have
adopted the phraseology, "two thirds of the Sen-
ators present." In the other case, there is a. con-
flict of opinion between the President and the
I Senate, and for that reason they may have re-
I quired more than a mere two thirds of these who
( iniffht De Dresem
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will answer the Senator
from Alabama. In regard to the latter point, I
consider it but a mere change of terms. The
Executive makes a treaty, and he sends it here
for our concurrence. One third can veto it, and
do veto it. In the other case, we pass a bill, and
we send it to him. He vetoes it, and two thirds
of the Senate present are necessary to overrule
that veto. Now, in regard to the provision in
relation to two thirds present being found in this
clause of the Constitution, and not in the other,
I will say this: It is well known—it is familiar to
everybody who has examined the matter, that
the different articles of the Constitution were sub-
mitted to distinct committees; and what might
have appeared surplusage and useless language
to one committee might not have been so to
another. The committee to whom was referred
the provision in relation to the veto, 1 presume,
did not consider that it was at all essential to say
that two thirds of the number present should be
sufficient to overrule a veto. The committee of
the convention to whom was referred the other
section did think so. I do not sec how the con-
tradiction is to be gotten over. I ask if it has
not been the uniform usage of the Senate since
the establishment'of this Government, to consider
that a majority of the Senators present, and not
a majority of the whole number of Senators, was
sufficient for the confirmation of an appointment
by the Executive? If that is admitted, I think
the whole question is admitted. I take it there
can be no difference 
Mr. MASON. When the Senator interrupted
me, I understood ho desired to put a question.
Mr. SLIDELL. Perhaps I did; but it is so
much the habit of Senators to put questions and
make observations at the same time, that I have
gone on. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. MASON. My matter was between me
and the honorable Senator from Louisiana, the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Benjamin.] 1 un-
derstand that Senator to say, that he sees no dif-
ference whatever in the two expressions of the
Constitution in the distribution of power, be-
tween "two thirds of the Senate" and "two
thirds of the Senators present."
Mr. BEI
language.
ltors p
Mr. BENJAMIN. I see none in constitutional
Mr. MASON. And yet there is that marked
difference of phraseology in the different sections
of the Constitution in making the distribution of
power.
There is another part of the Constitution, the
twelfth amendment, m which again, in the distri-
bution of power, it is devolved on two thirds
instead of a majority, and the term there is " two
thirds of the whole number of Senators." I
might ask the honorable Senator why he con-
siders that there is no difference in constitutional
meaning between "two thirds of the Senate"
and " two thirds of the Senators present ?" No-
body knows better than that honorable Sen-
ator, as a fundamental rule of the interpretation
of all instruments, that, to get at their meaning,
you must look at the whole instrument—take'it
altogether; and when you find different forms of
expression used, you must give to those different
forms of expression the potential meaning that
belongs to the words which constitute them. If
the honorable Senator is prepared to say, that in
constitutional meaning, where it is said in one
clause that the power should be exercised by two
thirds of the Senate, and in another clause by two
thirds of the Senators present, they each mean
the same thing, I cannot venture to conduct the
argument with him. The expressions are differ-
ent, and the meanings different. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon the appeal.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, whether
the judgment of the Chair shall stand as the judg-
ment of the Senate ?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing this question now, because the hour
is too late, and, in truth, my own mind has con-
ceived great doubts since this discussion com-
menced. I came into the Senate Chamber with
a very strong impression, without any thorough
examination, that the honorable Senator from
Louisiana was right, and that the construction to
be placed on the Constitution was that two thirds
of that which constitutes the House—two thirds
of a quorum—would be sufficient to pass the bill
over the veto of the President. I doubt it now,
since 1 have heard the argument; and X would
rather have further time to consider the question
before arriving at a conclusion as to my own vote.
There is this consolation, however: ours is but a
decision of first impression; we may send the bill
to the House of Representatives, and that House
may pass it; but if it is not within the terms of
the Constitution, it cannot be sustained as the
law of the land, and you cannot force the Presi-
dent of the United States to carry it out. He
also may take his view as well as you. To
neither is given the power to determine the Con-
stitution ultimately. You may pass the bill; a
majority may place this construction on the Con-
stitution; but the ultimate decision of the consti-
tutional pawer must necessarily come before the
courts of the United States, as this is a great
question, and I know no other way in which it
can be settled.
The doubt which arises in my mind is caused
in part by the language of the Constitution, and
in part by its contemporaneous construction—by
the language read by the honorable Senator from
Alabama, to which I had not adverted before, and
the examination of other clauses. In the third
section of the first article, it is provided that " the
Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State." That would
make, of course, with thirty-one States, sixty-
two Senators. In the fifth section, the language
is—
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, return1!,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business."
When you are using the term <£ majority of
each House" there—that is, in relation to num-
bers—to what must you refer? To the number
of which the whole House is composed, in order
to ascertain what constitutes a majority. Accord-
ing to this clause, there being thirty-one States,
each entitled to two Senators, there cannot be a
quorum of the Senate unless thirty-two Senators,
a majority of the whole number, be present.
This has be en the settled decision of the Senate
at all times.
You must refer to numbers to ascertain the
majority necessary to transact business; but how
a majority shall transact its business is not pre-
scribed in the Constitution. The majority goes
according to the course of the common law. A
majority of a majority conducts the business.
That is not provided by the Constitution itself.
The Constitution provides that a majority of each
House shall be a quorum to transact business;
but the mode in which the majority transacts
business is determined by the common law rule,
and the common law rule alone. When the Con-
stitution speaks of a majority as giving a suffi-
cient number to do business, you must refer to
the whole number of members of which the
House is composed, in order to ascertain what
constitutes a majority. Then, is not the argu-
ment a very strong one that, when a different
number than a majority is prescribed—when the
requisite number is two thirds or three fourths,
you must refer to the same component number,
the whole body, unless there are some qualifying
words ?
The clause of the Constitution, saying that
" the Senate shall choose their other officers, and
also a President pro tempore, in the absence of the
Vice Piesidenl," and that the House of Repie-
sentatives may choose a Speaker, is perfectly
consistent with my view. I admit that no more
than a majority is required for these purposes,
because a majority can act according to the com-
mon law rule, and the fifth section of the first
article makes a majority of each House sufficient
for ordinary purposes, but there must be a ma-
jority present.
Take the next clause to which the honorable
Senator from Louisiana alluded, " The Senate
shall have the sole power to try all impeachments.''
No one doubts that the Senate can do that by a
mere majority. The Constitution provides that,
u Wh* n sitting for that purpose, they shall bp on oath or
affirmation. When the President of the United States h
tried, the Chief Justice shall preside ; and no person shall
be convicted without the concurrence of two thuds of the
members present."
Why should the words, " two thirds of the
