1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
members present," be inserted there if you can
treat the other words, "two thirds of the mem-
bers of the House,"as having the same construc-
tion? Why would it not have been sufficient to
say, " no person shall be convicted without the
concurrence of two thirds of the Senate?" If that
language had been used, would it not have re-
quired the concurrence of two thirds of the whole
number of the Senate on the principles I mention,
that when you refer to a number different from
that which constitutes a quorum to do business,
you must necessarily refer to the whole body?
When you determine the force of the word " ma-
jority," how do you determine it? By referring
to the number of the States. You say there are
thirty-one States, and two Senators from each
State, and that a majority of sixty-two constitutes
a quorum. Is there any reason why the same
rule should not apply, when that power which is
usually vested in a majority constituting it a legal
body, and making it a quorum, is altered by the
Constitution and two thirds prescribed? Why
should you not then have the same reference to
the whole body as in the other case ?
I do not express this as a positive opinion, for
I am free to admit that my first impressions were
the other way. The inclination of my mind,
however, in reference to State and national Gov-
ernments, from my experience, is to limit power
in the agents of the people—limit it, I mean, for
the purpose of positive legislation, not for the
purpose of negation. When this Constitution
of ours was formed, the British Constitution stood
befoie our ancestors. They knew very well that
the British Crown had an absolute veto; and Mi.
Hamilton proposed to give the President the
same absolute right of veto possessed by the
Crown. The convention refused to do that,and
gave a limited veto. On my principles J can see
no harm, no injury arising from saying that
Congress shall not legislate without the consent
of the President, unless two thirds of the whole
number of each House agree to the legislation.
Ifanything wrong results from this, it will always
be corrected. The people of the country have
the coirective in their own hands. I do not
believe that we suffer from non-legislation one
fiftieth part as much as we do from too much legis-
lation. I am always in favor of any proposition
which tends to restrain the exercise of the power
of Government in the agents of the people, where
I can do so in a manner which does not prevent
the Government performing its functions. I
believe the world is governed too much. I believe
that, in our day particularly, there is a disposi-
tion to make the Government do everything, and
to leave almost nothing t<> the exerci.se of indi-
vidual action. Under these circumstances I shall
'be glad to arrive at the conclusion that the Pres-
ident has the right now claimed.
I say this, not with reference to the particular
bill, because on that I voted against the Presi-
dent's judgment. I thought the bill was within
the terms of the Constitution. I thought we had
the power to make the grant of money; and I
thought the grant in this case to be an advisable
one, because it was for an eminently national
object, and one proper for an expenditure of pub-
lic money. But, because in this case I should
like to see the President's veto overruled, I am
not to be led to abandon the general principle of
the power of the President, if I conceive that it
exists to prevent legislative action by Congress
when he interposes his veto, unless two thirds of
each House overrule him. I think the meaning
of the phrase, "two thirds of the House," is to
be determined by the same reference to the num-
bers of which each House is composed by which
you determine the meaning of the Constitution
when it speaks of a majority of each House.
"When it says a majority, it means a majority of
the whole number elected. Then it would not
be an unfair inference to suppose, that when it
speaks of two thirds of the House it means two
thirds of the whole number elected. That would
seem to be the meaning, unless there be some
qualifying words, such as in the case of impeach-
ments and the case of treaties, where it is ex-
pressly provided the act may be done by two
thirds of the members present.
1 merely suggest these views. The question
comes upon me unexpectedly. I do not think it
is a question free from doubt. It will matter very
little, however, as I have said, what may ba the
determination of the Senate. All we can do is
to send the bill to the House of Representatives.
If the House of Representatives shall pass it, it
will not then become the law of the land unless
it he within the terms of the Constitution.
Whether it is or is not within your power—the
question being as to excess of power—it is clearly
a case for judicial decision, and ultimately the
judiciary must decide it.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, this is cer-
tainly a very grave question, and it has been
brought before us suddenly, and without much
opportunity for reflection or consultation. I know
of no reason why the Senate should dispose of
the question to-night, without affording an op-
portunity for reflection and examination.
"Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I think we are prepared to accept
a suggestion to adjourn.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will not give way at this
time; I will say a few words as the subject is
being discussed; but I hope that the Senate will
not pass on it without a night's reflection. The
second section of the first article of the Consti-
tution declares that the House of Representatives
shall be composed of certain members. Another
section declares that the Senate shall be composed
of certain members. What is meant by "the
House," is defined in the Constitution; and there
is no instance in which the word " Senate," or
" House of Representatives," is used in the
Constitution, m which it does not embrace every
member of each body.
The question now" presented to the Senate is,
whether in this clause, where the Constitution de-
clares that the bill shall receive the vote of two
thirds of each House, it means a quorum, or the
House? But it is said, the Constitution declares
that a majority of each House shall be a quorum
to do business. Grant it; and what is the mean-
ing of the word " House" in that very clause ?
The expression is that, the majority of each House
shall be a quorum to do business; and the word
" House" means all the members. The ques-
tion is, whether this clause is to be considered in
the same manner as if the expression were " two
thirdsof the members present," oris it two thirds
of the House ?
I confessthat, on looking into it suddenly here
to-day, for the first time, my impression was that
it required two thirdsof all the members, because
^ the Constitution defines what is meant by the
| " House of Representatives" and what is meant
| by the " Senate," and although each may act as
! provided by the Constitution through a majority,
( yet, wherever the term is used, it embraces the
; whole. When, upon referring to other parts of
! the Constitution, 1 found that it provided, incer-
| tain cases, that two thirds of the members pres-
| ent should be sufficient, it confirmed the lmpres-
i sion that the meaning was two thirds of the whole
i body. In one other clause there is a provision,
that one fifth of the members present may call for
the yeas and nays. There is a marked distinc-
tion in the Constitution throughout, where there
is a reference to members present, and where there
is a reference to the whole body.
There are no words in the Constitution pro-
viding that a majority of a quorum may pass a
law. There is no reference in the Constitution
to any such thing as a majority of a quorum. As ,
was remarked by the Senator from Delaware, the '
reference is to the common law—to the general |
law, and there is no provision in the Constitution (
for it. _ |
The President has no absolute veto. His is a |
qualified veto. The question is this: When a bill
is vetoed and comes back here, was it the mean- .
ing of the Constitution that it might be passed by :
a minority of each House—byamajority of mem- :
bers who happened to be present? Surely, if the
framers of the Constitution had meant that, they
would have adopted the language which they did
in other parrs of the Constitution, and they would :
have said, " a majority of the members present. " :l
I confess my mind is not entirely clear on this
subject. My impressions were shaken by the j
argument of the gentleman from Louisiana; and ;
yet, upon looking at that clause of the Coxistitu- ;
tion, 1 am not satisfied with the argument he has :
presentee) as conclusive on the point. I hope the '
Senate will consent to let tins matter lie over until
to-morrow, m order that we may deliberately ;
decide a question which is a very important one,
as it is the first time it has ever been brought
before the Senate, and the decision, if it is toTbe
followed hereafter, will lead to important conse-
quences. I will therefore conclude by moving an
adjournment.
Mr DODGE. I hope my friend from Con-
necticut will withdraw that motion, as an execu-
tive session is necessary for action on some im-
portant appointments.
Mr. TOUCEY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DODGE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. Can that motion be entertained
until this question is disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motion for an executive session.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the motion will not be
| agreed to. We ought to terminate this question.
; j It has been pending for weeks and weeks. What
! is the use of delaying it? What is the use of
bringing us here to-morrow to consider it again?
There are ten or twelve of us of one way of think-
ing, but the opinions of the majority are fixed.
They differ from us. Why not record our own
opinions against it and be done with it? There
is really imbecility displayed in the way the
Senate transacts business in our days.
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw my motion,
Mr. YIJLEE. J hope a majority of the Senate
will agree to suspend the final decision on this
question to-day. My own opinion is, that it is
practicable and probable that the Senate will,
after further consideration, arrive at a conclusion
nearly unanimous upon one side or the other, for
it is certain that there must be one side on which
there is truth, and the Senate is capable of arriv-
ing at the truth. I deem it desiiable that we
should, if possible, approach unanimity, for
the reason that nothing can be more important
than that there should be a perfect public con-
fidence in the legal sanction of all laws which we
pass. If there be a very strongly marked division
m the Senate on this point, it cannot be ques-
i tioned that grave and serious doubts may arise in
j the public nnnd as to whether this law is entitled
! to public obedience, for the reason that they may
doubt whether its passage has been attendee! with
those legal sanctions which the Constitution
provides.
It is therefore of grave consequence, not per-
haps so much in reference to the particular bill
upon which we are now called to vote, but
on the general practice of the Government, that
as nearly as possible the public mind should re-
pose in perfect confidence on the acts which
Congress may publish as the laws of the country.
This question has been suddenly sprung upon
us. It has led to grave divisions of opinion in
the Senate—divisions which are entitled, in con-
sequence of the sources from which the doubts
emanate, to serious consideration. I think it
likely that, after a further examination, we may
come to a conclusion nearly approaching unan-
imity. My own opinion inclines to that of the
supposed majority, although voting with the
Senator who suggested the doubt in respect to
the Presidential negative.
I am disposed to sustain the decision of the
Chair, for I believe it to be right, and I think
that, by a due investigation of the matter, it can
be made perfectly evident to thepublicmind, and
to the minds of Senators, that the decision is
right. 1 have the impression—and I think it can
be probably shown by the morning—that the
Federal Convention itself gave construction to
the meaning of the phraseology which it used,
where the point was formally raised. It will be
found that, upon occasions where a majority of
all the States was required by the rules of the
convention to decide certain questions, it was con-
sidered and determined that a majority of the
States present was sufficient. If they gave that
construction to the moaning of the word " con-
vention" or " House," it may lead us to a unani-
mous.opinion as to the intention with which they
used words in the Constitution of similar import.
My impression is that those precedents can be
found; and I think, further, it will be found that
there has never been a Presidential veto acted
upon by Congress, nor an amendment to the Con-
stitution proposed, m which, in one House or the
other, there has not been less than two thirds of
all the members elected.
Now, sir, if it can be shown that such is the
