1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
understood this; and in order, therefore, to give
the Legislature the means of preserving itself,
tliev ".ive it the power to make " rules " of order.
Well, what are rules of order? Laws of order.
Tins term " rules" is used in the Constitution in
the sense of laws, in several places. The Con-
stitution says that Congress shall have power to
make " rules concerning captures on land and
water," and for the government of the land and
naval forces. That means " laws;" and in this
clause it means laws also. Each House, under
this clause of the Constitution, has power to es-
tablish laws of order. This power, thus granted
to each House, is contrary to the general princi-
ple of the Constitution, which confers legislative
powers upon all the coordinate departments of the
Government, and not upon one of them. But the
importance of each House controlling its own pro-
ceedings rendered it necessary to give to each
House power to make these laws of order. But
this grant of power would have been nugatory,
if the Constitution had not gone further, and del-
egated the power to punish for violation of the
laws of order, otherwise the power would have
amounted to nothing. They then immediately
followed up the grant of power to each House
to make laws of order, by granting to each House
the power to punish for a violation of those laws
of order. They did this by inserting the words,
" and to punish for disorderly behavior."
The construction I contend for is, that this
power to punish for " disorderly" conduct is re-
sponsive to the power to make laws of order; that
being so responsive, it is therefore necessarily
limited by it. The object of the clause is, first,
to grant the power to establish laws of order; and
to make that grant of power effectual, it granted
secondly, the power to punish for a violation of
those laws. Well, then, according to that con-
struction, this House would only have the power,
first to establish laws of order—laws necessary
to carry out its legislative functions while in ses-
sion—and then to punish for a violation of those
laws; such violation being alone, in the sense of
the Constitution, "disorderly behavior."
That, as I understand it, is the meaning of the
clause granting power to punish for disorderly
conduct. This term " disorderly" is capable of
the most extended meaning; whereas in the Con-
stitution it is used in a special, restricted, and
technical sense, applying simply to a violation of
the laws of order. The planetary system is con-
trolled by laws of order which their Creator has
imposed upon them. The sun, the moon, and
the stars, all revolve in appropriate orbits, in
obedience to those laws of order; and should one
of those heavenly bodies madly depart from its
accustomed sphere, and fly headlong through
space, dashing against other worlds, that would
be a violation of the laws of order which the
Almighty has imposed upon the universe.
One going into a theater, and laughing at an
affecting passage of the performance, would be
a violation of the laws of order. Going into the
parlor of a gentleman, and remaining there against
his will, would be a violation of the laws of order.
All these instances would be disorderly conduct.
But, certainly, it is not in so extended a sense
that the framers of the Constitution intended to
use that term. If it is not used in that extended
sense, in what sense is it used ? It can only be
in that specific sense which is responsive to the
first power granted in the clause—the power to
make laws of order. It is in that sense that I
insist the power was granted to punish for dis-
orderly conduct—to punish for a violation of
laws of order, previously prescribed.
Suppose that the framers of the Constitution
had designed to give the general power which, it
is claimed, attaches to this term "disorderly."
Think you they did not understand the use of
language better than to use so inappropriate a
word as that? They would have used a word
covering the case and expressing what they meant.
They would not have used the ambiguous term
"disorderly" in reference to general improper
conduct elsewhere. They would have used a
term which would embrace improper conduct
wherever done. But they used the peculiar term
"disorderly." They, therefore, did not intend I
to give to the House the power to punish im-
proper conduct elsewhere committed. The term I
" disorderly " is an apt word to express the idea
I insist was intended; but if by it was meant what
it is contended by the other side of the House, it
would not have been an apt term—it would not
have been in accordance with that happiness of
language which characterized the framers of the
Constitution.
I consider, therefore, that the word " disor-
derly" never could have been intended to convey
the general power claimed for it by the majority
of the committee, butthat it was intended to mean
what I have contended that it does mean—pro-
vision against the violation of the laws of order.
Again, if the framers of the Constitution had
designed to give the power to punish for general
disorderly conduct, they would not have put that
power in that part of the Constitution where it
is found, but in another part. So important a
provision would not have come in as an incident
to another clause, but would have stood out like
a promontory by itself.
Again, the construction which I contend for is
one which is conformable to the spirit of the Con-
stitution. If there is any one great idea which
pervades the Constitution, which characterizes
American liberty, itis the ideathatno man, how-
ever humble he may be, shall ever be punished
except for the violation of some law previously
prescribed. The construction contended for by
the majority of the committee would violate that
principle. They would give the House the right
to punish without declaring the previous law
upon the subject—keeping the law in your bosom,
and then punishing for that unpublished law.
The construction I contend for would avoid this
enormity. No man in this country can be pun-
ished except in pursuance of previous law. He
has the right, before he is punished, to require
you to point out the law. Under the construc-
tion, which I contend for, of this term " disor-
derly," you carry out this great principle, and
that great principle is to guide us in our construc-
tion of the Constitution. It pours light upon it;
illuminating it with the radiance of the noon-day
sun. By that great light I read the Constitution,
and in it I find no power in this House, or in any
other body in this country, to punish any citizen
except for an act which has been prescribed by-
previous law, and its violation forbidden under a
penalty.
The construction I contend for is conformable
to the spirit of the whole clause—first, giving to
this House the power to protect itself by laws of
order, and then to punish for their violation—a
logical consequence of establishing laws of order.
To give the extended construction contended for,
is to foist in a power never dreamed of by the
framers of the Constitution when they enacted
that clause.
If I am right in my construction, then it stands
thus: that the framers of the Constitution gave to
each House the power to establish laws of order;
and they gave to each House the proper and ap-
propriate power—consequent upon that—the con-
sequential power to punish the members for a
violation of those laws of order previously estab-
lished. This fixes the meaning of the word " dis-
orderly," and gives it a technical, precise, safe,
and constitutional meaning.
The next question is as to the power granted
to this House by the concluding portion of the
clause, "and, with the consent of two thirds, to
expel a member," &c. What is the meaning of
it. Upon the other side, it is contended that the
power is conferred to expel generally for any con-
duct or action two thirds may think improper.
It is argued that it is a substantive power—
the power to expel for any improper conduct. I
insist that it is not a substantive grant of power,
but that it is a limitation of a power already
granted. Look at the whole clause; take the whole
subject-matter—the spirit—the context. The law
first authorizes the House to establish rules of
order; and then to punish for the violation of these
rules of order, and gives the House the power to
expel, with the concurrence of two thirds. To ex-
pel for what ? Why, for the very thing for which
the House has the power to punish—violation of
the rules. If it had not been for that clause, the
power to punish would have enabled the House to
expel a member by a simple majority. But this
clause comes in as a limitation of the power, and
says you cannot expel a member except by the
concurrence of two thirds. The general power
to punish extends to expulsion, as that is on®
form of punishment. The requisition of a two-
third vote is certainly, therefore, a limitation on
the general power to punish; being a limitation it
cannot be more than a limitation; it cannot be a
substantive grant of power.
That is the meaning of the terms of the clause
giving the power to expel. It is the same thine
as if the Constitution had said, " Youmaypunisn
for the violation of laws of order, but you shall
not expel therefor without the concurrence of two
thirds of the members—you may punish up to the
point of expulsion by the vote of a majority, but
you cannot punish by expulsion unless with the
consent of two thirds."
If, Mr. Speaker, we consider the offense which
it was most important to guard against, for which
it was necessary to give this House the power to
punish and to expel, it will be found that it is
the offense of the violation of laws of order;
because, a member who persistently violates the
laws of order—who would trample upon them,
and constantly disturb and annoy the House and
so interfere with its business—would become a
nuisance in the House. His presence would be
intolerable, the negation of all legislation, and
therefore it was necessary for the House to have
the power to expel such an individual, who would
justly excite the condemnation of two thirds of
the members of the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker,! insist that that is the true
construction of this clause of the Constitution.
Suppose that the framers of the Constitution had
designed to give to this House the power generally
to expel for improper conduct: think you not that
those wise men who framed the Constitution
would have designated and expressly marked out
the extent of that power ? What do we find in
the Constitution kindred to this matter? We
find, in relation to the power of impeachment, that
this House has the right to impeach all civil offi-
cers for certain specified classes of offenses—for
" treason, bribery, or other high crime and mis-
demeanor;" and conviction removes them from
office.
Well, sir, when they undertook to provide for
the power of impeachment, they designated what
class of offenses admitted of impeachment: they
said " treason, bribery, or other high crime, and
misdemeanor." That clause of the Constitution
refers to all the civil officers of the Government
of the United States. Think you, sir, that the
framers of the Constitution held the rights of the
members of the House, and of the other House
of Congress, in less regard than they did the
office of a district judge? Why, no, sir. They
specified what class of offenses the other officers
of the United States might be impeached for;
and would they not have specified the class of
offenses which might be punished by expulsion,
if they had intended to give a general power to
expel ? Undoubtedly. Their not having done
so is a strong argument to show that they only
intended to limit the power of punishment to ex-
pulsion in regard to cases in violation of the laws
of order. It seems to me, then, so far as that
clause of the Constitution is concerned, that there
isnopowerin this House to take cognizance of this
case in the manner which is recommended by the
majority of the committee. It seems to me that
the conduct of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina involved in this case was not disorderly
conduct in the sense in which the Constitution
intended, and that the power to expel does not
; embrace a general class of offenses, but is re-
stricted to those offenses which are violations of
the law of order previously established. I con-
sider it, therefore, perfectly clear that that clause
of the Constitution does not embrace the case of
the gentleman from South Carolina. I shall,
therefore, make no further reference to that clause,
and I shall, in the balance of my argument, treat
the subject without any regard to those clauses
of the Constitution to which I have already
alluded.
Now, sir, where else will the committee find
this power which they claim? We are told in
General Houston's case that this House has the
power to punish for assaults and batteries on its
members, by virtue of that clause of the Constitu-
