1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
precedent of the action in the Federal Convention,
and the concurrent precedent of the action of the
Congress of the United States from the com-
mencement of the Government—and I believe
the first veto acted on by Congress was under
the administration of Washington—there will be
very strong reasons at least in support of the
view taken by the Chair. I think the rules of the
common law, and of parliamentary law, as appli-
cable to thecase, will sustain the propriety of these
precedents.
Considering the late hoar of the day, and that
this question has been started very suddenly, that
there has been no opportunity to explore it, that
it will be very consistent with the usual grave and
deliberate action of the Senate, that we should,
on so important a: matter, at least pause until to-
morrow, I move that we proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the decision of the
Chair is right. The Constitution prescribes that
a majority shall be a quorum to do legislative
business. The difficulty which arises seems to
be found in the fact that, in regard to the action
of the Senate in other functions, a majority of the
members present is' required; but it will be ob-
served that whenever that is done, it is when the
Senate is acting in some other than a legislative
capacity—as a court when it sits to try impeach-
ments, or in its executive capacity, when it is
sitting upon treaties. The single othfr case is
where one fifth of the members present are al-
lowed to call for the yeas and nays. That is in-
tended to provide for those cases where less than
a quorum may act, where we are forcing the at-
tendance of members, and calling for members.
For that reason there might very well be a differ-
ence of phraseology in regard to the number
which should be required when the Senate was
acting in other than its legislative capacity. But
in regard *to its legislative capacity, the Consti-
tution provides that a majority of the members
present shall constitute a quorum. There being
a quorum here on a subject on which the major-
ity make the action of the Senate, a majority of
that quorum governs. In this case, whore it re-
quires two thirds of the body, two thirds of that
quorum act for the Senate. It seems to me that
thecase befoie us is one of legislation, and there-
fore the decision of the Chair is clearly right.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in regard to the
clause in relation to proposed amendments to the
Constitution, 1 am very clearly of the opinion,
that not less than two thirds of the Senators can
do that, because, taking that part of the Consti-
tution in connection with the fact that a conven-
tion cannot be called, nor amendments proposed
to the Constitution of the United States, except
by two thirds of the States, I can scarcely think
that the framers of the Constitution intended that
what it required two thirds of the States to do,
could be done by less than the Representatives
of two thirds of tiie States. I think this question,
however, stands on a different principle. I was
very much inclined to believe with the Senator
from Alabama, at first, in regard to the construc-
tion of the Constitution; but here is a clause
which seems to me to bear directly on that ques-
tion, and, unless it is explained, I shall have to
give my vote that a quorum in this ease is that
quorum which is required in ordinary legislation.
That clause is this:
" Every order, resolution, or vote, to which the concur-
rence of the Senate and Hou«e of Representatives may be
neeessaiy (except on ft question of adjournment) shall be
presented to the President of the United States ; and before
the same shall take effect shall bo appi overt by him; or, being
disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds of the
Senate and House of Representatives, according to the
rules and limitations prescribed in the ease of a bill."
Unless some Senator can explain that provision
of the Constitution, it is clear to my mind that this
meets the case precisely, and places this question
now just as all questions of legislation are placed:
" Shall be approved by him; or, being disapproved by him.
shall bo icpassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of
Representatives, according to the uiles and limitations pie-
scribed in the case of a bill."
1 therefore think that the decision of the Chair
is right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?" Oil this question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
34, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Brown, Cash, Collamei,Oiittenden,
Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fostei, Geyer,
Hale, Hunter, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Seward, SJidell, Stu-
art, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, YVeliei,
and Yulee—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Butler, Clay, Fitz
patrick, Mason, and Toombs—7.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DODGE. I renew my motion for an
executive session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the motion I made
before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin has the floor. ♦
Mr. WELLER. We had better adopt the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it would be better
to take the vote on the other bills, and send them
all to the House at once.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. TOOMBS. There may be some one who
would like to be heard on the bill for the improve-
ment of the St. Clair Flats.
Mr. CASS. I hope the Senate will take up
the other two bills which have been vetoed, pass
them, and send them to the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope so. Wehavesenta
resolution to the House proposing to adjourn on
the 28th of this month; and unless we dispatch
business rapidly, it will be impossible for us to
meet our own resolution.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
for an executive session.
Mr. CASS. I hope my friend will withdraw
that.
Mr. DODGE. Certainly, in order to pass the
St. Clair Flats bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is suggested that each
bill shall be finished at a time, and I desire to
make a motion on the bill just under consider-
ation, to finish that, and then we can go on with
the bill of the Senator from Michigan. I there-
fore move that the Secretary communicate the
said bill, witli the message of the President, re-
turning the same to the Senate with his objections,
and the proceedings of the Senate thereon, to the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
st. mary's flats bill veto.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the reconsideration of the bill entitled an act
making appropriations for deepening the channel
over the flats of the St. Mary's river, in the State
of Michigan, which had been returned by the
President with his objections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass, the President's objections
to the contrary notwithstanding?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. RellnfNevv Hampshire, BpII of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, Coliamcr, Crittenden, Dodge
Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale,
James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Se-
ba.stian, Seward, SUdell, Stuart, Thompson ot Kentucky,
Tnunbull,and Wade—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigg^. Brodhead, Butler, Clay. Filzpat-
rick, Hunter, Mason, Reid, Toombs, and Yulee—10.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this ques-
tion the yeas are 28, the nays 10: two thirds of
the Senate having voted for the bill, it is passed.
ST. CLAIR FLATS BILL VETO.
The Senate proceeded to the reconsideration of
the act making appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan, which had been returned by the Pres-
ident of the United States with his objections.
The question being, " Shall the bill pass, the Pres-
ident's objections to the contrary notwithstand-
ing?"
The question being taken by yeas snd nays
resulted—yeas 28, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beft of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, CoUamei, Crittenden,
Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fo-tei, Geyer,
Hale, Jame*, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Pearce, Piatt, Pugh,
Sebastian, Seward, Shdell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, and Wade—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Hunter, Reid, Toombs, and Yulee—8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate having voted for the bill, it is
passed.
Mr. STUART. I move a similar resolution
in relation to these two bills as was moved by
the Senator from Louisiana in regard to the Mis-
sissippi river bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust I shall be indulged
in making one remark. I have voted for these
bills because I believe they are the most favorable
objects for appropriating money from the Treas-
ury of any that could be selected; but I wish to
declare emphatically that, in regard to this whole
system of appropriations from the Treasury, it
has proved a total failure, and it is a system of
extravagance. The true interest of the naviga-
tion interest requires a different system. I only
vote for this until a new system can be adopted.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore of the Senate
signed the following enrolled bill, which had pre-
viously received the signature of the Speaker of
the House:
An act granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain railroad through the
arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Julxj 7, 1856.
" The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE OF THE
UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the De-
partment of State relating to the diplomatic cor-
respondence of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS AND DELEGATES.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a motion heretofore made
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. A. K
Marshall,] that the rules be suspended for the
introduction of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repiesentatives
furnish and deliver to each of the members and delegates
of the House of the present Congress, who have not already
received the same, and pay for the same out of the contin-
gent fund of the House, such numbeis and editions of such
books of a public character as were furnished to the new
members and delegates in the last Congress, undei the joint
resolution of February 23, 1854, and the resolution of the
House of Representatives ot June 520,l&A : Provided, That
they be furnished at prices not exceeding tho&e for which
they were heretofore supplied to such members and dele-
gates.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, with-
out going at all into the discussion of the resolu-
tion, I only ask the attention of members to the
following section of a law passed March 3,1853:
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter no
books shall be distributed to members of Congress, except
such as are ordered to be printed a> public document by
the Congress of which they are members: Provided, That
this section shall not prohibit or mteifere with the distnbu-
tion to members who have heretofore received books under
an order of either House of the remaining volumes, or
parts, so as to complete the sets ot which they have re-
ceived parts."
Mr.A.K. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I was
aware of that act when I moved the resolution. I
was equally aware, that both Houses of the pres-
ent Congress have, by distinct resolution, dis-
tributed books at this session. 1 was also aware
that, at the last Congress, resolutions for the dis-
tribution of books were passed, to which refer-
ence is made in iny resolution. I think there is
no doubt of the power of the House to make the
distribution. I have not heard any doubt ex-
pressed by anybody, with the exception of the
gentleman from Tennessee, either here or in the
Senate.
