1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellcis were not ordered.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were, on
a division of the House, ayes 25, noes 114.
So (one fifth not voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rost and
Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 110, noes 24.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would remark that the
resolution that I offer is a precise copy of the res-
olution under which the distribution was made
in the last Congress. I have not changed it a
single iota. In order to have a vote upon the res-
olution, I call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
the call for five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to allow me to offer a substitute
for his resolution, which I hold'in my hand. I
ask that it be read.
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by gen-
eral conscnt.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Kentucky is
mistaken with reference to the resolution which
he oilers being similar to the one adopted by the
last Congress. That was a joint resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am perfectly aware that
the resolution of the last Congress was a joint
resolution; but the terms of this resolution are
precisely the same, and its effect will be precisely j
the same, as that of last Congress. I know that j
the other was a joint resolution; and that this is
a House resolution.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will yield me the
floor for three minutes, I think I can convince
him that his resolution will not accomplish the
object he has m view.
Mr- MARSHALL. I am willing to risk it, at
any rate, without being satisfied.
Mr. ORR. I hope, then, the House will vote
down the previous question.
The question was taken on seconding the call
for the previous question; and on a division there
were—ayes 90, noes 47.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Dean were appointed.
Mr. MARSHALL. There are several gentle-
men here who are desirous of trying a substitute
in lieu of the resolution which I offer. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] desires to
offer one. I have no disposition to press a reso-
lution upon this House that is not its choice; and
1 am willing to withdraw the previous question
for the gentleman to offer his substitute, provided
he will renew the call for the previous question.
I will ask the Chair whether or not the effect of
it will be to take the vote first upon the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
and then upon the proposition that I offer ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
submits an amendment, the sense of the House
will be first taken upon it, and then on the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I will withdraw
the call for the previous question, with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman will renew it, m
order that the House may elect between the two
propositions. My own preference is for the one
which I have offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks consent to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN". He ha? a right to with-
draw it.
The SPEAKER. There has been a vote of
the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The result has not been
announced. There was a call for tellers, and
twenty-four members voted for tellers, and the
matter is m that condition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
a vote was taken on the second, but that the
result of that vote was not announced. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky, therefore, has a right to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and does withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer for adoption the
following as a substitute for the resolution of the
gentleman from Kentucky, and, in pursuance of
the understanding with him, 1 call for the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the members of this House, who have not
already received them, shall be entitled to the same books,
or others of equal value, a? were duectcd to be furnished
to members of the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Third Congress.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House procure the said
book-"? for the membets entitled thereto : Provided, That in
lieu of such books as may he out of punt, or not readily
obtained, or as may be deemed of no value to the members
to whom they aie due, buoh members shall have the right
to select any other books of a public character as, in their
judgment, may be more useful; not, however, to exceed
the ougmal costo* tho^e for which they maybe substituted :
Jind provided further, That the Statutes at Large .-hall not
be included in the distribution, the «.ome having been al-
ready voted to members : ,ind provided further, That they
he purchased at prices not exceeding those at which tney
have been heretofore supplied. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact, that this is in
effect a proposition to vote libraries to members.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having; been demanded.
The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 107, noes 30.
The question recurring on ordering the main
question to be now put,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. JONES. I now move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendment on the table; and I ask the
Chairif that motion will be entered on the Journal ?
The SPEAKER. I t will be,
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays upon
his motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only
twenty-nine members (not one fifth of those pres-
ent) voting in favor thereof.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the resolution andamendment on the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's sub-
stitute.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 want to ask a
question for information. During last Congress
certain books were furnished to members for dis-
tribution among th§n* constituents. Does this
resolution include such books?
Mr. EUSTIS, (interrupting.) Is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Virginia can ascertain what the resolution
means by hearing it read.
Mr. SMITH. Of course I understand the res-
olution; but- 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered, debate is not in order.
"Mr. SMITH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the substitute.
They were ordered.
Mr. MATTESON. If the substitute be voted
down, will the question then recur on the original
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barclay* Bell, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Bliss, Bowie, Bradshatv, Broom, Bufiinton, Caruthers, Bay-
aid Clarke, Comms.Cullen. Dean. Denver, De Witt, Durfee,
Elliott, Emne, Euvtiv. Evans, Gilbert, Augustus Hall, Har-
rison, Ilolloway, Thomas II. Jlorton, Valentine 15. Jlorton,
Hu^hston, Kcllv, Kenricu, King, Lake, Meacham, Kiltian
Miller, Moore, Morgan, Orr, Perry, Porter, Purviance, Riv-
er«, Roberts, Seward, Sheiman, Shorter, William R- Smith,
T" ~ "
burne
Barksdaie, Hcnny Bennett, Rendiev S. Bennett, Benson,
Bocock. Branch, Brenton, Brooks. Burnett, Cadwaladei,
Lewis D. Campbell. Caskie. Ezra Clark, Ilowell Cobb, v\ ll
liamson R. XV. Cobb, Colfax. Covode, Cox, Cragin. Ciaige,
Cumbaek, Damiell. 11. Winter Davis, Day, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd. Dunn, Edie. Enmumlson. Edwards, Englbu. Ether- ,
id<re, Faulkner, Flagler. Foster, Henry M. Fuller. Giddmgs, j
Goode, Granger. Greenwood, Glow. Robert B. Hall, Hailan,
Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Houston, Jeweu, George H .
Jones, J. Glancey Jones, Kelsey, Kidwell, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Leiter. Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell,
McCarty, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrill, Mott,
Nichols. Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Pettit, Powell, Pringle, Quitman, lieady, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robison, Ruffin, Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sim-
mons, William Smifh, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens, Tappati,
Thorington, Thurston, Trafton, Trippe, Valk, Wade,
Walker.JElUtui B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Warkins,
Welch, Wheeler, Wmslow, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel
B. Wnght, and Zolhcotfer—116.
So Mr. Sherman's amendment was rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Campbell, of Kentucky.
Mr. COX stated that hi* colleague, Mr. Un-
derwood, had been called uvay on business, and
had paired off with Mr. Pearce.
The question recurred on Mr. A. K. Mar-
shall's resolution.
Mr. WATSON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The House has already
negatived the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. CRAIGE. But not since the amendment
was rejected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 78, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Baibour, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Braifch, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadvvalader, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
E. W. Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Cumback, DamrelJ, Day, Ed-
mundson, Emne, English, Faulkner, Flagler, Galloway,
Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Thomas R.
IJorton, Valentine B. Hoiton, Houston, Hughston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, King, Knight,
Leiter,Lumpkin, Humphiey Marshall, Samuel S.Marshall,
McCiuccn, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore,
Moigan, Mott, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Packer, Paine, Peuit,
Powell, Q.uitman, Ruliin, Sandidge, Shorter, William
Smith, Spinner, Taylor, Thonngton, Todd, Waibndge,
Waldron, Watkins, Watson, Wheeler, Wmslow, Wood-
worth, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wnght—78.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen. Allison, Ball, Barclay, Bell,
Heniv Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bliss, Bowie, Brad-
shaw", Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, John P. Campbell,Lewis
T) Campbe.il. Caruthers, Bayard Clarke, Ezia Claik, Corn-
ins. Covode, Cox, Cragin,Crawford, Cullen, Henry Winter
Davis, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durfee, Edie, Edward?, Elliott, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans,
Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, HoIIoway, Kelsey, Kennett,
Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Alexander K. Marshall,
Matteson, MoCai ty, McMullin, Meacham, Morrill, Nichols,
Norton, Peck, Pelton, Perry, Porter, Ready, Ricaud,Rivers,
Roberts, Robison, Rust, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope,Tappan,
Thuiston, Trafton, Tiippc, Valk, Wade, Walker, Warner,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, and Zollicoffer—
96.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question then' recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. ORR asked that the 40th rule be read and
enforced.
The rule was read, as follows:
" No member shall vote on any question in the event of
which he is immediately and particularly interested; or in
anv case wheie he was not withm the bar of ihe House
when the question was put. And when any member shall
ask leave to vote, the Speaker shall propound to him the
question," Were you within ihe bar when your name was
called!"
Mr. TRIPPE. I desire to inquire whether
those of us who propose to vote against ourselves
will be prevented from voting, under that rule ?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The question of order has
not been raised.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 82; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Allison, Ball, Barclay, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bh*s, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Butfmton,LcwN D. Campbell, Caiutheis,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claik, Comins, Covode, Cox,Cragm,
Crawford, Cullen, Henry Wmtei Davis, Dean, Denver,
DeWitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Ed-
wards, Elliott, Ethendge, Eustss, Evans, Fostei, Henry M,
Fuller. Guldmgs, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, J. Mor-
rison Hanis, Jiolloway, Thomas R. ITorton, Hughston,
Kelsey, Kennett. King, Knapp. Knowlton, Knox, Lake,
AJcxandei K. Marshall, Matteson, McCaity, McMiUhn,
Meacham, Morrill, Nichols, Noilun, Peek, Pelton, Penmng-
> ton, Porter, Pnngle, Purvianee, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers,
! Robison, Sabin, Sago, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
I William R. Smith, Snml,Swope.Tappan,Thurston, valK,
Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washbunie, Lmhu 15.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch* Whitney, and
Woodruff—94. „ ,, c
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright,Barksdale, llend ey S.
Bennett, Bukhara, Bocock, Branch, Brooks, Cadwalader,
Caskte, Cliiigman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
