1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7.
Colfax, Craige, Cumhack, Damrell, Day, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Emrie, English, Faulkner, Flakier, Galloway, Gilbert.
Goo&e', Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Sampson W.
Ham*, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly,
Kidwell, Knight, Leiter, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, .MeQ,uee.n, Kilhan Miller, Smith Mil-
Jer, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Mott, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Packer,-Faine, Perry, Petti t, Powell, Quitman, Ritchie,
Kofrerte. Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Shorter, William Smith,
Spinner, Stephens, Taylor, Thonngton, Todd, Tuppe,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Watkuis, Watson, Wheeler,
Winslow, Woodworth, and John V. Wright—82.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL moved that the vote
by which the resolution was adopted he recon-
sidered, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
STATUARY FOR THE CAPITOL EXTENSION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of-the United States, in answer to the resolution
of.the House of the 18th ultimo, requesting him
to inform the House what measures, if any, had
been taken to carry out the provision of law of
Congress authorizing him to contract with Hfram
Powers for some work of art appropriate to be
placed": in-the new Capitol, and appropriating
$25,000 therefor; transmitting copies of throe let-
ters, one from Hiram Powers to Hon. Edward
Everett, And two from himself to the same gentle-
man; and informing the House what was his final
determination in respect to said work; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as trulyenrolled a bill grant-
in  the right of way to the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain railroad through the arsenal and maga-
zine grounds, ar.d the Jefferson barracks tracts;
when'the Speaker signed the same.
CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS.
Mr. BROOM asked the unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 154) to provide for the settlement of the
claims of the officers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and orphan children of those
who died in the service; and that the same he
considered at this time.
Mr. CRAIGE objected.
Mr. BROOM moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to submit the motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill was read through. Jt provides that
the officers of the army of the Revolution, who
were entitled to half pay for life under the reso-
lutions of Congress, shall be entitled to receive
the same,although such officer may have received,
in lieu thereof, the commutation of full pay for
five years, under the resolution of Congress of
the ti2d of March, 1783; that it shall be the duty
of the proper accounting officer of the Treasury,
when applied to for that purpose by any one,
who by tins act is entitled to receive, or his oi-
lier guardian, to ascertain what is due to sucli
officer, from the time he became entitled to the
said half pay until his death, if that occurred
before the 3d of March, 18:26; but if he died after
that time, then up to the 3d of March, 1826;
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the
amount, if ascertained to bo due, after deducting
therefrom the amount received for commutation,
under the resolution of 22d March, 17tt3; that
the benefit of the resolution of August 24, 1780,
shall be extended to the widows and orphan
children of all officers who died in the service at :
any period during the war of the Revolution,
whether such officers belonged to the continental
line, or to any volunteer corps called into scrviee
under the authority of any State; but no pay-
ment shall be made under this clause, except to
the widows and orphan children of such deceased
officers; that surgeons' mates shall be entitled to"'
the benefit of the resolution of January 17,1781,
and receive the half pay of a lieutenant of infan-
try; that ail payments, made by authority of this
tn t, shall be without interest; that in every case
the said accounting officer shall require satisfac-
tory proof that the person or persons, in whose
name any claim may be presented, is or are the
bona fide owner or owners thereof, and all sales,
transfers, mortgages, or pledges, of any such
claims are hereby declared void and of 110 effect
whatever; that this act shall not extend to the
case of any officer, or his representatives, who
have received half pay for life under any special
act of Congress; that the benefits of this act shall
be received in full satisfaction of all claims under
any of the resolutions of Congress hereinbefore
recited, and for all losses alleged to have been
sustained by depreciation in the value of the cer-
tificates received as commutation under the reso-
lution of Congress of March 22, 1783; that all
claims which shall be allowed under the first and
fifth sections of this act shall be paid to the
officer, if alive, and if he be dead, to his widow
and children .equally; and if there be no widow
living, then to his child or children, or their de-
scendants, the issue of any deceased child taking
among them the share of their deceased parent;
and to no other persons; that this act shall con-
tinue and be of force for the term of ten years,
and no longer; and all claims not presented, with
the evidence, for their adjudication within that
time, shall be forever barred.
Mr. DUNN. I did not hear the reading of
the rule distinctly. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the committee which reported this
bill, [Mr. Broom,] whether the operation of the
bill is confined exclusively to the officers of the
army ?
Mr. CRAIGE. It is confined to the officers;
the soldiers do not get a dollar under it.
Mr. BROOM. In answer to the question of
the gentleman from Indiana, I will state that the
claims upon which this bill is founded, result
from the resolution of Congress of October 21,
1780, which is in these words:
" Resolved, That the officers who sluiil have continued
in the semeo until the olo^e of the wai, shall be entitled to
half' pay tor hie, to commence fiom the time of their io-
dueuon
Which resolution was passed by Congress at
the suggestion of General Washington.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. 1 rise to. a question of
order. 1 have no objection to hearing the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania in
favor of the bill, if my colleague [Air. Craige]
or some other member can be allowed to be heard
in opposition.
Mr, BROOM. I am not speaking in favor of
the bill. I am answering the question of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by general consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The question was taken; and the motion was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 54; as
follows:
YEAS—Me^sr«. Albiight, Ball, Baibour, Barclay, Heniy
Bennett, Benson, Bjlhnt.'hurst, Bingham, Boeoek, Bowie,
Biad^haw, Bienton, Bloom, Buftinton, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Cainthei<5 Caskie. fizri Clark, Cohax,
Comms, Covode, Cox, Oragin, Cnllen, Damrell, Henry
Wiritet Davis, Dean, DeWitt, Uiek, Dickson, Dodd, Ed-
mundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, Eu-sti.?, Ilemy M.
PuSIei, Galloway, Gilbeit, Goode. Grangei, Gieemvood,
Augustus Hall, J. Monison Hanis, Hanison, Haven, Ilol-
lovvay. Thomas It. Hotton, J. Glaaey Jones, Kelsey,
: Kennett, King, Knapp, Kniyht, Knowlton, Knox, Lake,
; Alexandei K. Maishall, Humphrey Mnishall, Matteson,
; Maxwell, Meaeham, Kilhan Miller, Momi!, Norton, Pame^
: Paikei, Peek, Pellou, Pennington, Potter, Powell, Pimple,
I Purvianee, Puryeai, Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie, Riveis- Rob-
■ bins, Rolnson, Sabm, Saqe. Sapp, Shennan, Simmons,
: William Simih, William R. duuth, Sliced, Spnmer, Stew-
: nit, Swope, Tappan, Thonngton, Tialton, Tuppe, Valk,
Waldion, Walker, Cadvvaiader O. Wa>hburne, Eltihu B.
VVashbuine. Israel Washburn, WatktiH. Watson, Welch,
Whitney, W'oodiufi', Woodworth, John V. Wught, and
Zoilieoll'ei—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barksdale, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Blu*. Bianeh, Burnett, Cadwaiadei, Clin^man,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Oiaisjo, Crawfoid,
Cumhaek. Davidson, Day, Denver, Dowdell. Dunn, Emrie,
Foster. Giddiugs, Giow, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. lining, Valentine B. Ilorton, Houston, Hugh's <
lou, Jewett, George W Jones, Kelly, Leiter, MelVhillm,
McQueen, Million, Moore, Morgan, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, On, Packer, Pettit, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Scott,
Shortei, Stephens, Taylor, Thurston, Wade, Warner, and
Wheelei—34.
So the rules were suspended, for the purpose
indicated.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the House,
and the first question is on the amendments to the
bill reported from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
i Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill and amendments be post-
poned until this day week. I was a member of
the committee from which the bill was reported;
and I would not have made the motion to post-
pone if I had been advised that it was the inten-
tion of the chairman to call it up at this time. I
voted against the bill in committee, and desire to
give the reasons why, in my judgment, the bill
ought not to pass. I have not with me the books
and papers to which I wish to refer; they are at
my room. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone is in
order.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to say much to the House on this subject.
I will say only a word in reference to the merits
of the bill. I want to see if I understand perfectly
the facts of the case.
Mr. CRAIGE. I made a motion that the bill
be postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
and stated the gentleman's motion. Docs the
gentleman claim the floor?
Mr. CRAIGE. I did not know that it was in
order to debate it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. A1ILLSON. I have only a word to say.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The debate is not
on the merits of the bill, but on the postponement
of its further consideration.
Mr. MILJLSON. I do not know how we can
separate the merits of the bill from the motion to
postpone. I think its consideration ought to be
postponed; and I want to assign one or two rea-
sons why it should be postponed.
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not claim the floor. I
hope the gentleman will proceed.
JVlr. MILLSON. My reasons why the bill
ought to be postponed are these: During the
revolutionaiy war, Congress promised half pay
for life to ccrtam officers who served for a certain
period. At the close of the war, or just befors,
these officers petitioned Congress, objecting to
half pay as a remnant of the pension system
of England, and proposing, in lieu of half pay,
that they should receive a sum certain by way
of composition. 1 understand that Congress
acceded to this proposition to compound for the
amount due the officers. Instead of half pay,
severally, for life, it was agreed that the officers
should each receive a sum in gross equal to ten
yeais' half pay, or five years'full pay, upon the
idea that that amount would be equal to the
average expectation of life,—that some would
live 'onger than ten years, and some would die
within that period,—and that those who received
that sum m hand, having the advantage of putting
it out at interest, would receive an amount nearly
equal to fifteen years' half pay This law was
passed by Congress, and according to my recol-
lection—-it is a subject which I have not examined
for a very long time—the passage of the law
was coupled with a condition that itsprovisions
should be accepted by the officers. The officers
were accordingly drawn up in line in all the
States, and they voted severally to accept the law;
agreeing to receive, by way of commutation,fen
years* half pay in hand, rather than half pay for
life.
I understand that commutation certificates were
issued and finally paid by the Government of the
United States, so that every man who showed
his claim to the amount which he himself desired
to receive, received it. Now it is proposed to
give to the descendants of those who happened
to live longer than ten years the amount they
would have received if they had never made this
composition with Congress; although, as I under-
stand, it is not proposed to recover back from
those who died within the ten years, or even
within two years, any portion of the amount
which was overpaid to them. Am I right in the
statement of facts?
If these be the facts, then I think the House
ought to postpone the bill, m order that gentlemen
may have the opportunity of informing them-
selves more particularly as to the history of this
transaction.
Mr. BROOAi. In my opinion, there is not
the slightest ground, on the part of the gentleman
from North Carolina, to have a postponement of
the further consideration of this bill. The report
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
was made on the 4th. of April; and from that
