THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 10, 1856.
New Series....No. 98.
time I have been endeavoring incessantly to
bring the question before the House for its
action. There has been time enough for him to
prepare and submit his minority report, and to
make whatever opposition he desired to the
passage of the bill.
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not desire to make a
minority report; but, inasmuch as I did not
make any minority report, I desire to assign to
the House the reasons influencing me in my
opposition to the bill.
Mr. BROOM. The people are pressing for
action of Congress on this long-delayed claim.
A word in answer to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. His statement is not strictly in accordance
with iny recollection of the facts. He alleged that
the officers petitioned Congress to commute the
half pay for life to five years'full pay, or ten years'
half pay. If the gentleman had examined the
various reports made to this body and to the other
House on this subject, he would have found that
that petition was signed by only seventeen offi-
cers—no more; and on that petition Congress
acted.
Again: he says that each received a sum in
gross—five years' full pay in lieu of half pay for
life, under the resolution of 1783. He says that
they were drawn up in line, and individually ac-
cepted the law as it was passed. Now, sir, that
is the very ground on which the commutation
Jaw is claimed not to be binding on the officers,
because the contract arose from the resolution of
October 21,1780, which made it a matter between
each officer individually and the Government.
And when the commutation law was passed then,
it was not that they were to accept it as individu-
als, but bylines and States. The officers of the
Revolution had no choice but to accept it or to
receive nothing. These commutation certificates
were forced upon them, and they took them.
Then, sir, the resolution of 1783 provided that
they should be paid in money or its equivalent.
"When the certificates were issued and placed in
their hands, they were suffering from want, in con-
sequence of their devotion to the great cause of hu-
man freedom, and they were obliged to sell their
certificates for twelve and a half cents on the dol-
lar, having to pay §100 for a barrel of flour, and
$75 for a cord of wood. But we ask nothing
for that. The bill provides that the whole amount
of the five years' pay shall be deducted from the
provision for half pay for life; not the twelve and
a half cents on the dollar only, but the whole sum
named on the face of the certificates is to be de-
ducted from it, so as merely to revive the resolu-
tion of 1780—as though that unjust law of 1733
had never been passed—upon the basis of an in-
dividual contract.
The report of the committee upon this,bill has
been lying here printed for nearly three months,
and if'gentlemen are not sufficiently acquainted
now with its provisions, they probably never will
be. The report is elaborate. It shows that this
matter was first brought before Congress in 1783,
and has been presented from year to year, up to
the present time; and further, that every solitary
committee to which these memorials haver been
referred has favorably reported upon them unani-
mously, until it was reserved for this Congress
to have a member upon the committee to oppose
it.
Mr. CRAIGE. That is the very reason why
I desire a postponement, so that I may prove that
that was not the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and I hope that he will correct me if I am in error.
Am I correct in understanding that the bill pro-
vides that officers who "were entitled to the half
pay for life, and subsequently took the commuta-
tion—five years'full pay—are now taking half pay
for the whole period of their lives, deducting the
commutation they received?
Mr. BROOM. Yes, sir, deducting the entire
amount.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask if, under its provis-
ions, that half pay is to stop at the time that any
98
of these officers may have been placed upon the
pension roll, at full pay, under the act of 1818,
1828, or 1832?
Mr. BROOM. I think up to the 3d of March,
1826, only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there not
a motion to postpone now pending?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion imme-
diately pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I raise the point
of order that it is not in order to discuss the merits
of the bill. I hope the discussion will be confined
to the motion before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is certainly not in order
to debate the general merits of the bill. Itis com-
petent, however, for gentlemen to state the pro-
visions of the bill.
Mr. BROOM. I design, at the proper time, to
offer an amendment, with the concurrence of a
majority of the committee.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broom] has furnished me with one
of the best reasons in the world why this matter
ought to bepustponed. He asserts a broad prop-
osition here, which Ideny;and that is, thatevery
committee which has had this matter in charge,
up to this time,hasunanimously reported in favor
of a bill similar to this. That is certainly not the
fact, and the history of the country will prove
that it is not.
The facts of this matter lie in a nutshell. In
1779 Congress promised seven years'half pay to
those who remained in the army until the close
of the war. In 1780 Congress promised half
pay for life to those who would remain in the
army until the close of the war. After the close
of our revolutionary struggle, there was great
excitement in the country in consequence of that.
The order of Cincinnati had made a great many
enemies in the country, and the officers them-
selves—the gentleman says only seventeen or
eighteen signed the petition, and I do not care
how many there were—the officers themselves,
who were forced into that position by the popular
sentiment of the country, applied to Congress to
pass a law giving them five years' full pay in
lieu of half pay for life, and a bill of that charac-
ter was passed in 1780 or 1783—I do not recollect
the precise date now—under which, the gentleman
says, the officers never realized more than twelve
and a half cents on the dollar.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if Uiat be so, then the
gentleman ought to have reported a bill similar
to the bills reported in the early history of this
business, and those bills proposed to pay them the
seven eighths of the five years' full pay—deduct-
ing only the twelve and a half cents on the dol-
lar—which the gentleman says they received.
But, sir, the history of the country will show that
there have not only been members of the com-
mittee who have voted against a bill of thissort,
but that reports have been made against it. 1
undertake to say further than that—that no such
bill ever has been reported by any committee.
The bill reported was a bill of the character I
have just mentioned; that was, that they should
be paid the five years' full pay—deducting the
twelve and half cents on the dollar—which it is
conceded they received. The next bills which
were reported authorized them to receive half
pay up to a certain period—I believe 1823 or 18*26.
Why that arbitrary period was selected I cannot
tell, unless one of the earlier pension laws passed
about that time. I do not remember how that is.
It was then confined to the officers ond their chil-
dren. The bill now reported by the present com-
mittee not only gives it to the officers and their
children, but to the officers and their heirs: and,
as originally submitted, it included collateral as
well as lineal deccndants. I believe I moved to
insert the word " lineal;" whether it was adopted
finally or not, I do not know.
Mr. BROOM. It was adopted.
Mr. CRAIGE. There was not a full com-
mittee present when this bill was under considera-
tion. The gentleman says that I was the only
member of the committee who voted against the
bill. Now, that is true, as far as it goes; but
I 'believe the fact is, that there" were only six
or seven members of the committee present when
the bill was agreed to, and it passed by a bare
majority of the whole committee. I believe Mr.
Edmundson, of Virginia, was absent, and prob-
ably two or three others were likewise absent.
There were not, at all events, more than six or
seven member* of the committee present at the
time. Now, sir, I do not desire time to examine
the report of the committee. I have already
examined it. I am familiar with the report and
with the bill. But the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has stated certain facts with regard to the
former legislation of Congress on this subject,
which I think are erroneous. I desire to correct
the erroneous impression which may have been
made, should gentlemen not correct it themselves,
by examining the subject before next Monday—
by having in the House, when the matter is taken
up, the authorities upon which I rely. They arc
at my room. I did not know this bill was coming
up this morning, and therefore did not bring them
with me. 1 do not think the bill can be based on
the proposition of the gentleman that there has
been a violation of contract. The Government
promised these officers half pay for life. The
officers did not desire to receive it, but asked
Congress to commute, by giving them full pay
for five years. Congress did so; and now, gen-
tlemen come in here and tell you that it was a
violation of the contract. Sir, it was no violation
of contract. It cannot be supported as a con-
tract. If it was, then this bill ought to provide
for all the heirs, because the interest was a vested
interest. But there was no violation of contract.
If it be given as bounty, then they ought not to
receive it, because, at a subsequent period of our
history, the officers and their heirs were pensioned
by the Government.
The benefits of the bill are confined merely to
the officers of the line. The officers of the militia
in the several States are not to receive a single
dollar under it; nor does the common soldier,
who fought the battles of the Revolution, get a
picayune under it. It is confined merely to the
officers of the line and their heirs.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope the bill will not
be postponed, because it is presumable that every
person who has looked into the histoty of the
legislation of the country in respect to the revo-
lutionary soldiers is, to a considerable extent at
all events, conversant with the facts which make
the subject of dispute between the gentleman from
North Carolina and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Messrs. Craige and Broom. 1 1 may be
permitted to observe that this bill has, on my
reading of it, a tendency to do but partial justice
to a large class of persons who are entitled, not
to the bounty, but to the justice of this Govern-
ment.
It is too late in the day, Mr. Speaker, for the
Congress of the United States to talk about char-
acterizing the commutation act—the act of 1826
confessing on its face what that act was. The
provisions of the act of 1826 were, that all the
officers of the revolutionary army who were en-
titled under the resolution of October, 1780, and
who then survived, should, from 1826 unto the
close of their lives, have full pay. Why? It
was a confession on the part of the Congress of
the United States that these officers had been
cheated by the act of 1783. In October, 1780,
they were entitled to half pay for life if they served
till the close of the war. Those who did serve
till the close of the war were met, at the close of
the war, by the act of 1783, known as the com-
mutation law, by which Congress, in order to
meet the prejudices of the country, offered then:
five years5 full pay in lieu of half pay for hfe.
And how were they to ehuose? According to
my recollection, they were to choose by regiments,
or possibly by lines. What was the state of tacts
in regard to it ? The fact was, that all the young
fellows of the army had gone at the time to see
| their wives or their sweethearts, and that the old
i fellows who remained with the regiments, and in
