818
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 11,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Asmvlt on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Bocock.
Ho. op Reps.
she has also furnished the most distinguished
supporters of the power of the House to punish
them. Is it possible that Judge Johnson and
Mr. McDuffie are forgotten or underrated in
South Carolina?
But, sir, if laws are necessary before we can
punish, we hare them—we have the parliament-
ary law by adoption as a part of the common law,
just as we have the rest of the common law;
not because it is the law of England, but because
it is our own; or, in the language of Mr. McDuf-
fee,
" Though the parliamentary lau> of England, as such, can
have no authority here, yet all the legislative bodies in the
Union habitually act upon its rules."
Before the Revolution" these colonies were a
part of the British empire, and were in the right-
ful enjoyment of the common law, including the
right of representation and legislation by their
own local Parliaments, according to the parlia-
mentary rules of the common law. For these
very rights they contended. The Congress of
1774 unanimously resolved " that these colonies
are entitled to the common law of England," and
«o says Judge Story:
"The universal principle has been, that the common
law is our birthright and inheritance, and that our ances-
tors brought hither with them, upon their emigration, all
of it which was applicable to their situation."
The Revolution worked no change in the rules
of legislative practice, but only in the power to
legislate—no change in oar Jurisprudence, but only
in the jurisdiction of our public bodies. Nor do we
derive our common law from England. America
and England both derive their common law from a
common source which supplied them both before
the separation. To be sure, America never ex-
ercised all the laws of the mother country, but
only such as were applicable; and so much of the
old parliamentary branch of the common law as
was applicable to us was adapted by our legis-
lative assemblies.
Judge Cushing, in his book, section 697, says:
' "The legislative assemblies of the United States having
all been constructed upon the model of the two Houses of
the British Parliament, the forms of proceeding which pre-
vail in the latter have been adopted by them as their com-
mon parliamentary law; and upon that have been ingrafted
the peculiar usages which distinguish the various systems
of parliamentary practice in this country, precisely as upon
the basis of the common law of England the different legal
systems of the several States have been established."
The only peculiarity of our National Legisla-
ture is, that being the legislative organ of the
several States united, it derives its parliamentary
law from that of the States, instead of taking it
originally from the mother country.
But, besides this, our country has been inde-
pendent now eighty years; our Federal Legisla-
ture, as well as those of our States, have, from
their commencement as legislative bodies down
to this day, been accustomed to exercise this par-
liamentary law; and this long and uninterrupted
usage ana custom, has become a right, or an
American common law, and binding on this
fround. It is the established practice of the
imerican Congress, and has been recognized as
law by the people for three fourths of a century.
If it began without law, it has acquired the au-
thority of law by lapse of time, and recognition
of the people. In either view, then, the United
States Legislature has its parliamentary law, and
is not chargeable with tyrannv and ex post facto ,
punishments for disorderly behavior.
But has the House jurisdiction over its own
members for assaults upon Senators? Ifthe House
has power to protect its officers and pages, be- 1
cause necessary for the service of the House, cer- t
tainly it may protect the Senate and its members, j
without whose concurrence no action of the House |
can have effect, on the same principle that a man
is under as high an obligation to protect his wife '
as his children. The law is thus laid down by
Cushing, in section 733 of his work:
" e'f}er °f the two branches has any ground to com-
plain of the proceedings of the other for any of the causes
above mentioned, the course of proceeding is to make a
representation of the matter of the complaint by means of
a conference, and to leave the other House to do what it
thinks proper in the premises, as neither House has any
power over the other or its members, except that which
results from the justice of its demands, and the proper
temper and spirit with which it is made. It may be added,
as essential to a good correspondence between the several
branches, that where a member, officer, or servant of either
-Am bwn guilty of any offense, either against the other
House or against its members, which would be punishable
by the latter if committed by one of its own members, of-
ficers, or servants, it is the duty of the House to which such
offender belongs, upon bein® apprised of the fact, to take
proper measures to inquire into and punish the offense in a
proper manner."
Now, the Senate has adjudged this assault to
be a violation of its privileges, and have apprised
this House of the fact. This House is bound,
then, by rules of parliamentary intercourse be-
tween the two Houses, to inquire into the case,
and to punish the offender. To refuse it jvould
be an act of discourtesy to the Senate, and make
the House a particepi criminis—an accomplice in
the breaches of their privileges. In short, the
Senate, by their rep6rt, made by one of the very
ablest men of the country, and by her complaint
to us, fully concede the point of jurisdiction to
the House.
It is not worth while to take up time to answer
the argument brought against the power of the
House to punish where the member is also
amenable to the courts of law. This argument
is too absurd and extravagant to have any effect.
It strips the_ Legislature of its privileges, and
leaves it without the power of free agency. Its
members would become the trembling tools and
slaves of out-door dictators.
Cushing says, in section 609 of his book, that
" Where the breach of privilege is also an offense against
the laws, and cognizable by the ordinary tribunals, as by
assaulting a member, there may be a prosecution at law as
well as a proceeding and punishment by the assembly
itself."
Otherwise, in strong party times, where parties
are nearly equal in the House, a majority may
be gained at an expense of three hundred dollars,
ana the legislation of the nation controlled by
canes and clubs.
The question as to the character of the assault
I pass over without discussion. The evidence is
full to show it was not a sudden outbreak of pas-
sion, like the instances referred to by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] but
premeditated and prepared, and not so much
from personal resentment as political feeling. The
severity and repetition of the blows were such as
could not have been increased at all without the
greatest danger to the life of the Senator. No
such outrage was ever before perpetrated in Con-
| gress, nor in any other place, probably, without
| going further and producing fatal effects. But
i others will discuss this point, and I leave it. ,
J As to the question of punishment, the House
possesses the power to punish agreeably to the
rules of parliamentary law as modified by the
Constitution, which requires two thirds to expel,
but a majority may suspend, or fine and imprison
forthe residue of the session, orreprimand. This
is the established doctrine of the common par-
liamentary law, and practiced in America. Im- i
prisonment has been inflicted by the House in j
one or more cases, and their power expressly j
sanctioned by the Supreme Court. Had this
assault taken place under the same circumstances
of aggravation on grounds merely personal, and j
not calculated to enlist party feelings, can there
be a doubt that expulsion or imprisonment would
have been awarded by a nearly unanimous vote
of the House ? But under the existing party ex-
citement the trial is almost a sham, like an im-
peachment before a party tribunal, and every vote
of the House will lose its effect as such. |
Had this assault been committed without its
peculiar circumstances of premeditation and dan-
gerous severity, and before the case of Jarvis
in 1828, and the report made by Mr. McDuffie in
that case, which was adopted by the House,
declaring it to be a violation of the privileges of
the House, and meriting its censure, I should
have been contented with such a resolution; but
j we cannot believe Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina,
; was ignorant of the law as laid down by Judge i
j Johnson and Mr. McDuffie of his own State,
or of the decisions of the House in such cases; I
otherwise I might suppose Mr. Brooks was not
conscious at the time of committing the assault,
that he was offering a contempt to the authority
of the House. Indeed, though he disclaims in
| his communication to the Senate any intention
j to violate the privileges of that body, he does not
pretend this in respect to the privileges of the
House. He ought now ta abide the consequences
'of his act. • 'i
ASSAULT Off MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. T. S. BOCOCK,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
JiUy 11,1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of the Hon. Preston S.
Brooks on the Hon. Charles Sumner, of the Senate,
Mr. BOCOCK said: I rise to address the House
upon this question, at this time, with unfeigned
feelings of diffidence and reluctance. I regretthat
it falls to my lot to come forward to speak after
the question has been debated by so many dis-
tinguished gentlemen upon both%ides of the ques-
tion— and gentlemen, I may say, distinguished
not more for their learning, their eloquence, and
their ability, than by their tact and success in
always obtaining the floor exactly at the most
interesting period of every debate, leaving it to
such humble members as myself, at a later period,
to gather up the fragments left, and to tread the
paths already worn smooth by them.
Under these circumstances I do not know that
j I should have said one word upon this question
at this time but for a personal consideration,
which will be appreciated by all, and which made
it appear to me proper that something should be
said by some member from the State which I have
the honor, in part, to represent upon this floor.
I should have preferred it, and had I spoken at
an earlier period of the debate, would have con-
fined roy remarks to a close, and, so far as I could
make it so, a logical argument upon the points
involved in this discussion; but at this period I
must be pardoned if I follow the example which
gentlemen have set before me, and stray occa-
sionally to seek for matters of interest by the
way-side. •
And, in the first place, I say to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who made the first
long speech which was made on his side of the
question, and who spoke with much fervor and
| eloquence, that Ais statements about the institu-
, tion of slavery -were as erroneous as the topic
itself was out of place.
To speak of slavery as " the curse of Kehama,
which smites the earth with barrenness, that
crime which blights the human intellect, and
blasts the human heart, and maddens the human
brain, and crushes the human soul," may be
food rhetoric, fine declamation, but it is very bad
istory, and worse fact.
When the gentleman tells me that slavery
blasts the intellect of the slave, I want him to
show me where the intellect of the Afiican race
is better, or even more cultivated in the enlarged
I sense of the word, than among the slaves of the
j southern States? Does it madden the human
, brain? Then he will perhaps compare for me
: the condition of the free African of the North
with the slave African of the South, and show
me how much more madness and idiocy there is
among the latter than among the former. The
statistics of the census show that it is greatly
the other way.
Does it blast the human heart and crush the
human soul? Then he will show me where,
i among the African race, there is more of happi-
| ness,more of Christianity, more of the sweet con-
solations and high hopes of religion, than among
our servants. Until he can do this he ought not
to deal in this empty declamation. I ask the gen-
tleman to look to the facts upon the subject, and
study them for the purpose of understanding the
institution, rather than with a predetermination
to condemn it.
Sir, what business had this subject of slavery
and the slave-power in this debate ? Can we not
consider here a simple matter of assault and bat-
tery, without having the subject of slavery and
the slave-power paraded before us as a mark for
the arrows of attack. And this, too, bear in mind,
by the same gentlemen who are constantly com-
plaining of the aggressions of this slave-pow er.
Why, sir, if a simple case of assault and battery
to avenge a personal insult cannot be considered
without an attack upon the slave-power what
spectacle will we not soon have ? If Providence,
in its wisdom, should again visit the earth with
