1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
the camp, all voted to take the five yearsi full pay,
rather than take chances of half pay for the
balance of their lives; and in this way the com-
mutation act was put upon the revolutionary
army.
But these men failed in this particular. They
were to receive this money in the shape of com-
mutation; they got a certificate for five years of
full pay, and, as a. matter of course, the certifi-
cate being payable in the money of the country,
their value at once descended to the value of the
continental money. And the consequence was,
that those officers who held certificates entitling
them to five years' full pay in money, only re-
ceived twelve and a half cents in the dollar:
§1,600 would thus bring only $200 in the market.
Well, the Government of the United States say
they paid these certificates in full, and they have
nothing more to do with the matter. They say
that if the necessities of these men prompted
them to part with their certificates at that ruin-
ous discount it was not the fault of the Govern-
ment, for the Government paid them in full. The
Government ought to recollect, in relation to these
revolutionary officers, the manner in which that
act was pressed up on them. They ought to re-
member that, if these officers reposed on the faith
of the Government that they should get five years'
full pay, that ruinous discount was on account of
the want of credit of the Government.
Let me present to the House this single view:
A man who, in Octobcr, 1780, was entitled to
half pay, was so entitled in 1835. He dies in that
year; and in 1826, Congress passes a law that the
revolutionary officers who were entitled under
the resolutions of October, 1780, and who were
still surviving, should have full pay for the bal-
ance of their lives. By what parity of reasoning
do you cut off the heirs of a man who died in
1825, and give full pay for life to the man who
survived till 1826, when your obligation to both
of them was exactly the same? This bill is es-
sentially a bill for the heirs of these men, because
* none of themselves now survive; but it is a bill
not for the heirs at law, or the heirs at large, as
the gentleman from North Carolina seems to
think; it is confined m its operations Jo the chil-
dren and grandchildren of the men who were
entitled, and there it stops. And, what is more,
the ninth section of the act provides that this act
shall " not extend to the case of any officer, or his
representatives, who have received either half pay
for life or commutation in lieu thereof, under any
special act of Congress."
Thus it cuts oft' from the operation of this
measure those who, in 1826, were surviving, and
took full pay for the balance of theii^lives. Un-
der the commutation act of 1826, you deducted
the amount of commutation from any officer who
had received it, and you gave him the benefit of
his half pay for life. I think that for the children
and grandchildren, this is an act of sheer justice.
I discussed this bill hero once before—all the
principles of it. Gentlemen who were in that
Congress recollect Mrs. Lynch's case—a case
which embodied the whole principles of this bill.
Her father had been in the army of the United
States; had been a captain as early as 1776, and
a heutcnant-colonel, I believe, at the end of the
war. He died of disease contracted in the ser-
vice. He had been a lawyer in Norwich, Con-
necticut. His heiress applied to the Congress of
the United States on the ground that she was
entitled to the same equity—as the heiress of her
father—as were the heirs of those who survived ,
till 1826; and the Congress of the United States j
voted it to her. How is the Congress of the
United States now to turn its back upon all other
heirs of men who arc similarly situated ?
As to the amount of money to be taken out of
the Treasury by this bill, I confess that I am im-1
pervious to arguments of that sort. I do not care |
what amount is to be taken out of the Treasury
by it. I do not care if it be ten, fifteen, or fifty
millions. Is it an act of justice? If it is an act
of justice, I am ready to vote for it to the last
dollar. Why, look at this domain of ours: gen-
tlemen will stand here, and vote it away to rail-
roads, for homesteads to settlers; but they are
deaf to the appeals for justice of the very men
who acquired that domain. I hope the bill will
not be postponed, but that it will be put through;
and if I were charg-ed with its management, I
would put it through under the previous question.
The question was taken; and the motion to
postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOM. I offer, by the sanction of the
majority of the committee, the following amend-
ment to the amendment reported by the commit-
tee, in the eleventh section* and call the previous
question: In line five of section eleven, strike out
the words "grandchildren/'andinseftthewords
"lineal descendants."
Mr. COVODE. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the call for the previous question, and to
allow me to submit a few remarks upon this bill.
Mr. BROOM refused to withdraw the call.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers upon seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Kelly were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The previous question was then ordered to be
put.
The first amendment reported by the committee
was read and agreed to, as follows:
From section five, strike out the words " half pay of a
lieutenant of infantry," and in lieu thereof niseit, " same
pay us hospital physicians and surgeons;" so that, if
amended, the section will read :
Sec. 5. Jind be it further cnacted, That surgeons' mates
shall be entitled to the benefit of the resolution of the 17th
oi January, 1781, and receive the same pay as hospital
physicians and surgeons.
Mr. KELLY. Is it now in order to move
that the benefits of this bill shall also apply to
the rank and file of the revolutionary army?
Tne SPEAKER. It is not in order, the pre-
vious question having been ordered.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to inquire if all
amendments to this bill are cut oil* by the opera-
tion of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. They arc. The effect of
the vote oidering the main question to be now
put is to bring the House to vote first upon
the amendments reported by the committee and
such amendments as may be pending to the bill,
and then upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The second amendment of the committee was
reported and agreed to, as follows :
In section nine, hue three, in^eit alter the word "re-
ceived," the word *' either;" and after the word " lee,*' the
words >' or eoniinntation m lieu thereof; >\-o that the sec-
tion, as amended, would read •
Si*<;. {J. *dndbe it further cnacted, That this act shall not
extend to the cat-o of any officer, or his representatives,
who has received either half pay foi life, or commutation
in lieu thereof, under any special act of Congress.
The third amendment of the committee was
read, as follows:
Tiweit m section eleven," and fifth.Strike from the same
section the woid " or,'between the words " child" and
" elnldien," and the word* " their defendants," and in
hen of the latter woids insert" grandchildrenso that, if
amended, the section will lead :
Sko. 11. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all claims which
shall he allowed under the tir<t and fifth ^cctinns of this act
shall be p.ud to the officer, if alive, and if he be dead, to
his widow and children equally, and if there ho no widow
living, then to his child, children, or giandclnldien—the
issue of any deceased child taking among them the share
of then deceased parent—and to no other persons.
The question beins: first upon the amendment
to the amendment offered by Mr. Broom, to wit:
to strike out of the above amendment the words
"grandchildren,"and to insert the words "lineal
descendants," it was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the committee was then
agreed to.
Mr. READY. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
an amendment, inasmuch as the House has or-
dered the main question to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the bill a
third time, when -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting,)
said: Stop! let us know first whether the bill
as amended is engrossed?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed.
Mr. JONES. Then it cannot be read a third
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. What becomes of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It goes to the Speaker's
table. It cannot be read, if objected to, until it
is engrossed.
Mr. JONES. I object to its third reading-
until it is engrossed as amended.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes to the
Speaker's table.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to take
from the Speaker's tabic the resolution from the
Senate fixing the day of adjournment of the pres-
ent session of Congress. If there be objection, I
shall move a suspension of the rules.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. _ I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege—to call up the contested-election
case of Archer against Allen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the Chair what has become of the bill that was
just under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time. It was not en-
grossed, and objection being made, it could not
be read a third time. It is upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is it not in order to
move that its further consideration be postponed
to a day fixed ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time, as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] has the floor, and has submitted a
motion.
Mr. ENGLISH. Is it not in order to move to
suspend the jrulc requiring the engrossment of the
bill'
Mr. HOUSTON. The motion is not in order
at present, as I have the floor. I made a motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to aprivileged question—
to submit- a report from the Committee on En-
graving.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion is to suspend
all rules which authorize any committee to make
reports out of the usual order. My motion is
to suspend all rules which stand in the way of
taking up and acting on the joint resolution from
the Senate, fixing the day of adjournment of the
present session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the report of the gentleman from New York
is not m order, pending a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. WASHBURN. I gave notice the other
day that I would, to-day, move to take up and
act on the Illinois contested-election case. I now
make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion cannot be received pending a
motion to suspend the rules; and on this ground,
the question of privilege is based on a paragraph
of the Manual which enables it to precede all
other questions. But there is a rule of the House
which gives a member of the House, on this day,
a right to move to suspend the rules—to suspend
that provision of the Manual as well as others;
therefore, the Chair decides that it is not a ques-
tion of privilege that will supersede the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays on the
motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
decided in the negative—yeas 74, nays 98; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken,Allen,Barksdale, "Bell. Hendley
S. Bennett, Bowie, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Caiutheis, Caskie, Clmgman, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Craige, Crawford, De Witt, Dowdell, Edmuudson, Edwards,
Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner, Foster, Hen-
ry M. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harmon, Ilaven, Houston,
Jewett, George W.Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell, Lake,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Moore, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Peck, Powell, Quitman^ Ready, Rivers, Ruf-
fin, Rust, Sandidge, Shorter, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Taylor, Todd, Trippe,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheelei, Win&low, and John
V. Wright—74.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Benson,
Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Bioom,
Buffinton, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayaid
Clarke,Ezra Clark. Colfax, Comins.Covode. Cragin,Cum-
back, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dean, Denver,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Emrie, Evans, Flag-
ler, Galloway. Giddinss, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Hoiron, Valentine B.
Horton, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvl-
