1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Bocock.
Ho. of Reps.
famine or pestilence—if he should send upon us |
drought, yellow fever, or cholera, we may expect
to hear these gentlemen furiously proclaiming,
" Here is another aggression of the slave power. '
In their imaginations everything is an aggression
of the slave power.
I suppose, in some parts of the land, they scare
their children into quiet with tales of the slave
power; and that the matrons, and the maids, and
the young men, and the old men, all dream
dreams and see visions of horror connected with
the same terrific slave power. Gentlemen doubt-
less suffer much; but tne day of their tribulation
is ended. Memorable day is yesterday likely to
be in the annals of the country's history, as the
day on which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Comins] arose and proclaimed, "We tell you
plainly, we will no longer submit to these things."
How, sir, with the deep sorrows of Jeremiah
brooding upon his heart, did he cast his thoughts
back to the pleasant associations which he had
enjoyed, ana then take leave of them forever!
How, sir, with the rapt ecstatic hopes of Isaiah
inspiring his soul, did he look forward to the
glories which lie-hid in the future! Howheartily
did he rejoice " that the American people have
been awakened!" " Thank God," said he, " the
Senators from Massachusetts have had the cour-
age to place before the American people the true
character of the slave power!" When the vail of
Mokannawas lifted, the sight was too hideous to
bear. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
seen the slave power in its true colors, and yet
lives! Indeed, like Jeshurun, he waxeth fat,and
kicketh. Whatever it may be—substantial es-
sence, or shadowy spirit—he fears it not. Ay,
sir, the fiat has gone out; he will submit to it no
longer. Then, sir, if gentlemen have come to that
conclusion, let us consider the matter as settled,
and hear no more about the slaveocracy, and the
slave power.
Mr. Speaker, I shall now proceed to present
some views which have suggested themselves to
my mind, upon the constitutional and legal ques-
tions which have been raised in the course of this
-discussion. The leading facts of the case have
not been disputed. I disagree with the gentleman
from Georgia over the way, [Mr. Foster,] who
last spoke upon this question, in one of the latter
positions taken by him, that because the gentle-
man from South Carolina had been arraigned
before the courts of justice, and his sentence had
been pronounced, this House had therefore no
right to take cognizance of the matter; that the
gentleman from bouth Carolina had the right, in
fact, to plead in bar of our proceedings, that he
had been tried by a court of justice, and a fine
had been adjudged against him.
If & gentleman rises here, in the presence of the
House, and strikes down a brother member in
his place, it would constitute a case of assault and
battery, and as such the courts of the District
would have the right to take cognizance of it.
But it is not only a case of assault and battery,
it is also a breach of the privileges of the House,
into which the House may inquire. The act is
one; the offense may be considered in a twofold
aspect—not only as an offense against the laws
of the District, but also against the privileges of
the House.
I now come to inquire briefly whether there
has been a violation of the privileges of the
Houseor of the Senate committed, and if there has,
whether we have the power to punish it? Now,
sir, although the majority of the committee did
idly let fall the assertion, that a breach of the
privileges of the House had been committed, I
can scarcely consider them to have been in earnest
in the declaration. I can hardly imagine that a
single member of the House will seriously say
that an encroachment upon the rules or privileges
of this House of Representatives has been com-
mitted. It seems to me that it is enough to pro-
pound the question, what privilege of this House,
or of any member of it, received any let, bar,
hindrance, or diminution from the act in ques-
tion? What privilege had we, individually or
collectively, before the said act, which we did
not enjoy at the time, and have not enjoyed ever
since? None, sir, none. The matter will not
bear discussion for a moment. It is no violation
of the privileges of this House.
I will now inquire briefly whether it is a viola-
tion of the privileges of the Senate, or of any
member of the Senate ? The privileges of the
Senate and the House of Representatives are set
forth in the Constitution of the United States in
the same clause. They are twofold. The first
is, privilege from arrest while attending on the
sessions of either House—while coming to or
going from the same. No man will contend that
this attack amounted to an arrest; and, therefore,
that part of the clause may be dismissed from
further consideration. The other portion is:
" And for any speech or debate in either House they
sball not be questioned in any otber place."
Mr. Speaker, it has been contended, with great
force and power, by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [M«\ Cobb,] that this was intended to apply
solely io legal responsibility, to questioning by
legal process alone, and to provide merely that no
man should be held legally responsible for words
spoken in debate within parliamentary limits, in
either House of Congress. I agree with that
position. Was it not intended to confer by this
clause of the Constitution some peculiar privilege
on Senators and members of the House of Rep-
resentatives? Is the privilege of freedom from
assault and battery a peculiar privilege ? By the
common law, as it existed before the Constitu-
tion, and by the laws of every State, every citizen
of the community had that privilege already.
Why, then, in conferring peculiar privileges on
Senators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, need there be expressly conferred by
the Constitution a privilege which they have
already in common with every other citizen.
Suppose, however, that for the better security of
the personal rights of Senators and members it
was intended to confer this privilege.
It stands on the same ground with the other
privilege marked out by the gentleman from
Georgia; it runs parallel with it, and ends with
it. It is admitted by all—at least it has been
stated very frequently, and not gainsaved—that
this privilege, which is conferred by the British
statute in very nearly the same words that it is
by the Constitution, is there construed to extend
no further than to words spoken.
The authorities on this subject, including the
comparatively recent decision of Lord Ellenbor-
ougn and Lord Denman, are well collated in a
speech delivered on the floor of the Senate by a
distinguished Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter.}' If, in England, a man, under pretext_of
debate, utters, and then publishes and circulates,
libelous matter, he becomes responsible in a
court of justice. He can there be sued for libel,
and damages recovered. The legal exemption
then ceases, and of course any peculiar personal
exemption ceases with it.
Under this doctrine, if Mr. Sumner's speech,
as printed and circulated by himself, contained
language which was in fact libelous, he became
responsible in a court of justice. That exemp-
tion ceasing, all others resting on the same basis
ceased with it.
As we have taken the language from the Brit-
ish statute, we may well refer to British con-
struction as entitled to weight here. But I think
I that the American courts, adopting the spirit of
our institutions, have gone further to restrain the
abuse of privilege than the British courts have.
If I understand correctly the rule in America,
it is this: The privilege was intended to protect
members only in the legitimate discharge of their
duty, and extends merely to speeches and debate
legitimately arising in the course of parliament-
ary proceedings. If a man makes a pretext of
parliamentary discussion, to wreak his malice on
nis personal enemy;" if he pour out his wrath
and vituperation " contra morem parliamenta-
riwn," he of course forfeits his privilege. Where
malice begins, privilege ends. The straight-
forward road alone is protected. If a man de-
parts from that, he steps out from his cover and
exposes himself to danger. My limited time
will not allow me to quote a multiplicity of author-
ities. Better few and to the point. The pith of
Judge Story's teaching on the subject is con-
tained in about a single line: " No man," says
he, " ought to have a right to defame others,
under color of the performance of the duties of
his office." i
Chancellor Kent states the law in England thus:
"That petitions to the King or to Parliament, or to the
Secretary of War, for any redress of grievance, are privi-
leged communications, and not actionable libeJs, provided
the privilege is not abused. But if it appear that the com-
munication was made maliciously, and without probable
cause, the pretext under which it was made, aggravates
the case."
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the case of White vs. Nichols et al., (3 How-
ard,) says that, "by able judges of our own
country, the law of libel has been expounded
in perfect concurrence with the doctrine given by
Chancellor Kent."
The same court, in the case referred to, says
that they have examined the authorities which
treat of the doctrine of slander and libel, partic-
ularly with reference to what have been styled
"privileged communications," and they an-
nounce their opinion thus:
"Proof of express malice in any written publication, fce.,
will render that publication libelous in its character, and
actionable, and will subject the author and publisher
thereof to all the consequences of libel." " And we think
that in every case of a proceeding like those just enumer-
ated, falsehood and the absence of probable cause will
amount to proof of malice."
The whole scope of the doctrine goes to show
that he who pleads privilege must keep himself
strictly within the line of duty.
What Mr. Jefferson says in his Manual is
known to all. It is simply that the privilege of
speech or debate in either House " is restrained
to things done in the House in a parliamentary
course." " For he (the member) is no! to have
privilege, contra morem parliamentarium, to excecd
the bounds and limits of his place and duty."
Such is this doctrine of " freedom of speech"
in this country.
Thus far have I considered it as a question of
law. I come now to investigate it as a question
of right and justice. Because we happen to be
members of Congress, will it be pretended that
we are at liberty to rise in our places, and, with
absolute impunity, abuse, malign, and slander
each other, or amy other person we may choose ?
The doctrine is absolutely monstrous. Nor is
its meanness diminished by saying that a major-
ity in framing their rules must properly restrict
debate. We know too well that rules are often
broken now-a-days. Howmany of the speeches
delivered on this question have conformed to our
rule, which requires the debate to relate strictly
to the subject under' consideration? Scarcely
one.
Besides, the gentlemen of the North are largely
in the majority on this floor. Sectional feeling runs
high. It may be agreeable to them to abuse the
southern members—their constituents, their Insti-
tutions, their families, &c. Shall we be required
to submit to it all , and be utterly without redress?
Surely not; it is impossible. We have no such
right, and could not enjoy it, if it were given. Say
by express law, if you choose, that members of
Congress shall enjoy perfect freedom of debate,
and may abuse, and traduce, and malign whom-
soever they choose. The right will be worth
but little. There can be no royal prerogative of
slander in this country. You may draw around
it the strongest muniments of legal defense; you
may make tne sheriff and his posse the warders on
the tower; you may make instruments of pun-
ishment to bristle on the walls, still the immunity
will not be perfect. When it begins to tffrow its
venom fiercely around, injured sensibility will
revolt, and aroused manhood will still occa-
! sionally break over and inflict condign punish-
j ment. A broken head will still pay the penalty
; for a foul tongue.
| Think, sir, of American character, how sensi-
l tive, yet how brave; how easily wounded, yet
[ how quick to avenge the injury ! Better death
than disgrace! Can you, then, by legislation make
i American gentlemen submit to traduction with
[composure? Never! never, sir! Youmust first
tame our high hearts, and teach them the low beat
of servility; you must make our Anglo-Saxon
blood run millc and water in our veins; you must
tear from the records of history the pages which
tell the deeds of our heroic ancestry, and per-
suade us that we have descended of drabs and
shrews. When you have done that, and changed
Billingsgate into rhetoric, and railing into elo-
quence, you way then convert the Senate and the
