1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
ton, Knox, Leiter, Alexander K. Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Caity, Meaoham, Killian Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Niciiols, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, ferry,
Point, Pike, Porter, Prmgle, Purvianee, Puryear, Ritchie,
Kobtiins, Roberts, Ilobison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sherma i. Simmons, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Traf-
ton, Valk, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader (J.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—
98.
So the rules were not suspended; two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
Pending the above call,
Mr. SHERMAN stated that Mr. Howard
had paired off with Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Stkanahan
had paired off with Mr. Williams.
CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS 
AGAIN.
Mr. READY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill to provide for the settlement of
the claims of the officers of the revolutionary
army, and of the widows and orphan children of
those who died in the service, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. I only ask that
the motion be entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can that motion
be reconsidered until the vote of the House is
executed? The vote was that the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time. It has neither
been engrossed nor read a third time. *
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
in order. The gentleman from Tennessee, having
possession of the floor, has the right to move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES. But the bill has not been en-
grossed, neither has it been read a third time.
The SPEAKER. It has neither been en-
grossed nor read a third time.
Mr. JONES. Then, when the order of the
House is not executed, how can a motion to re-
consider be entertained ?
The SPEAKER. The House can rescind its
own order.
ENLARGEMENT OF CUSTOM-HOUSES, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I ask leave to make a report from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that all the
rules be suspended, in order that I may report
from the Committee on Commerce, so that it can
now be considered, a joint resolution from the
Senate for enlarging the custom-house, post of-
fice. and court-house, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
and at Detroit, Michigan, and for the construc-
tion of a building for the same purposes at Du-
buque, Iowa, with the amendments of the com-
mittee thereto to the first section; and on that
motion 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Matteson
and Warner were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 40.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, accordingly reported
back, with an amendment to the first section,
House joint resolution (No. 17) for enlarging the
custom-house, post office, and court-house at
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Detroit, Michigan,
and for the construction of a building for the same
purposes at Dubuque, Iowa.
The resolution and amendment were read. The
amendment proposes in effect to add to the reso-
lution the following appropriations, with the re-
strictions and limitations usual in such cases:
Twenty thousand for the enlargement of the
custom-house at Toledo, Ohio; §50,000 for a
custom-house, post office, and United States court
at Ogdensburg, New York; $88,000 for construct-
ing a building at Galena, Illinois, for custom-
house, post office, and United States courts;
83,000 for the enlargement of the custom-house
at Ellsworth, Maine; |40,000 for the enlarge-
ment of the custom-house at Chicago; §95,000
for constructing a building at Nashville, Tennes-
see, for custom-house, post office, and United
States couit rooms; §20,000 for the construction
of a custom-house and post office at Perth Amboy,
New Jersey; and also a sufficient sum of money
for the purchase of sites for the now buildings
above mentioned, and for contingent expenses,
architects, superintendents, advertising, &c.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. The
original resolution proposes an appropriation for
custom-houses and post offices at two points. The
amendment submitted by the committee proposes
an appropriation for custom-houses at other points
than those set forth in the original bill. The
amendment, therefore, is not germane to the ori-
ginal proposition, and on that account is not in
order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to present a question
of order. This is an appropriation bill, and must
be, under the rule, first considered in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The House has suspended
the rule which requires bills making appropria-
tions to be considered in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I stated dis-
tinctly what my motion was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the motion
to the House, that the question submitted was,
would the House suspend the rules, that the gen-
tleman from Illinois might report the bill from the
Committee on Commerce, with a view to its being
considered at this time? >
Mr. HOUSTON. I present the point of order
that there could be but one motion to suspend the
rules at a time. The motion was to suspend the
rules so as to enable the committee to report the
bill to the House. The bill is now in the House.
Then, under the rules of the House—they not
being suspended any further than to let the bill
come here, for there cannot be two or three mo-
tions to suspend the rules at the same time—this
bill,making appropriations, must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
That is the way we here understood the gentle-
man's motion. That was the only motion he
could make. He. could not make a motion to
suspend the rules for two or three purposes at the
same time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides against
the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] on the ground
that the question was stated to the House that the
motion was made for the purpose of allowing the
gentleman from Illinois to report the bill with
the amendments of the Committee on Commerce,
with a view of their being considered at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, " with the view;"
but then we did not vote, understanding that we
were voting on a motion to consider. He said
his purpose was to have it considered now: but
there was no motion to suspend the rules to keep
this bill from going to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Nor could
there be, because there was a motion to suspend
the rules preceding that, which absorbed the
entire power of the gentleman in moving to sus-
pend the rules and of the Speaker in deciding.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That was distinctly
embraced within my motion. I stated it dis-
tinctly to the House and the Chair, and the Chair
so stated it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has stated how
the gentleman from Illinois put his motion, that
the rules be suspended for the purpose of ena-
bling the Committee on Commerce to report this
bill with a view to its consideration. We knew
it was " with a view" to its consideration, be-
cause the gentleman so stated, and that was as
near as he could come to makinga motion on that
subject. He could not have moved to suspend
the rules to enable the committee to report, and
have, at the same time, coupled with that a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, so as to evade the neces-
sity of this bill going to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. That would
boa double motion, which could not be made.
Then, Mr. Speaker, those of us who were op-
posed to suspending the rules for this latter pur-
pose could not know that it was necessary to
have the rules suspended in that regard, for the
bill had not been read, and we could not know
that it contained an'appropriation. There were
gentlemen here who voted to suspend the rules,
but who might have voted against suspending
the rules if they had supposed there was o double
motion to be submitted to suspend the rules for
two purposes. The double motion to suspend
the rules could not be submitted; and I present
the point of order to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMultjn.] But the first question for the
House to decide is the point of order raised by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall take an appeal from
that decision, and will state the grounds on which
I take the appeal.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time. The gentleman from South Carolina will
have the kindness to state the question of order.
Mr. ORR. The point of order taken by me
was this: that this joint resolution was a res-
olution providing for the erection of custom-
houses, or increased appropriations for custom-
houses, at two or three named points, and that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois .not only includes those points, but em-
braces half-a-dozen or more points not provided
for in the original bill, and therefore not germane
to the original proposition before the House.
The rules were not of course suspended for the
purpose of considering an amendment which was
not in older.
The SPEAKER. The point of order taken
by the gentleman from South Carolina would
perhaps be valid if the amendment submitted were
an amendment moved by a mere member of the
House. But the gentleman from South Carolina
will see that the facts are these: The bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and that
committee proposes an amendment to it. It is
competent for the committee to amend the bill by
increasing the points named in the bill, provided
that the House had referred those points to the
committee for consideration. The Chair there-
fore thinks the amendment is in order.
Mr. ORR. I must take an appeal from that
decision. I understand that the decision of the
Speaker holds that, because this amendment is
moved by the chairman of a committee fiom his
j committee, it is in order; whereas it would not
be in order if it came from an individual member.
Now I submit, Mr. Speaker, that a committee of
this House can, through a recommendation which
it may make, no more violate the rules of order
and of parliamentary proceedings than can an
individual member. 1 know, Mr. Speaker, that
there is often a difficulty in regard to appropria-
tion bills from this fact. A committee submits
«their report; it is at once referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
after having been twice read by its title; but if
the bill were read in the first instance, and excep-
tion was then taken that these matters were out
of older, there would be no difficulty in the Chair
ruling the amendments out of order which did
not legitimately appertain to that bill. But after
the bill had received its second reading, and the
motion was made to refer it to the committee,
then it would be too late to make a question of
order.
Here I make the question now, that the com-
mittee has transcended its duties. What sort of
a bill was it that was sent to that committee? The
bill or resolution sent to the committee was a
resolution for enlarging the custom-houses, post
offices, and court-houses at Milwaukie, Wiscon-
sin, and Detroit, Michigan, and for the construc-
tion of a building for the same purpose at Du-
buque, Iowa. That is the bill which was referred.
Now.it was perfectly competent for that com-
mittee to have submitted any amendment what-
ever to this bill appertaining to these points.
Legitimately and properly they might have added
to one, or stricken out another. They might
have stricken outthe appropriation for Dubuque,
or they might have increased the sums at those
respective places; but I ask how can it be that this
committee can be authorized to go beyond the
| provisions of the bill itself, and insert more ap-
propriations for different points not contemplated
m the original proposition ? The committee, in
, my humble judgment, can no more do it than a
member of the House can. I see nothing in the
rules of the House which authorizes a committee
of the House to violate its rules any more than
a member. The amendments proposed by this
committee are not germane to the bill. It is true
they are appropriations for custom-houses; they
are appropriations for the enlargement of court-
houses; but is it, nevertheless, an amendment to
