1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
this bill? Can it be said to be an amendment to
any portion of this bill, when it goes entirely
beyond the provisions of the bill ? If this report
is to be sustained, it would be just as competent
for the committee to have gone on, and made ap-
propriations for this Capitol, and for every other
species and description of public work. For
these reasons I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I may concur
with the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] that, if it would not be in order for an indi-
vidual member of the House to offer this amend-
ment, it might not be in order for the Committee
on Commerce to propose it. But I submit that it
must be manifest to every member of the House,
that it would be in order for an individual mem-
ber to offer such an amendment. It is germane;
it has regard to the same question—-the question
of building custom-houses. Whenever a bill is
before the House providing for the building of a
single custom-house, it is in order to move to
amend that bill, by providing an additional ap-
propriation for building another custom-house;
and so it has been ruled in many cases within my
recollection. I remember when, two or three years
ago, the bill providing for the construction of
custom-houses at Louisville, Pittsburg, and Cin-
cinnati, was under consideration, amendments
providing for the construction of other custom-
houses—at Hath, at Bangor, and at half a dozen
other places—were offered, and they were re-
ceived as germane to the original bill.
Mr. ORR. That was in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and my im-
pression is that the Chair decided the amendments
to be out of order, but was overruled by the
committoc.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, sir^here arc other
precedents. In several instances where bills
making appropriations of land for railroad pur-
poses have been under consideration, similar
amendments have been received. T remember
where a bill was before the House making a
grant of lands to the State of Missouri, a gentle-
man from Kentucky moved an amendment grant-
ing other lands for a railroad in die State of Ken-
tucky. The question of order was raised, and it
was decided by the Speaker that, inasmuch as the
amendment related to the same subject with the
original bill, it was germane, and was admissible.
During the present session of Congress the same
question has been raised and decided by the Cluuf
precisely as the Chair has decided this question
—that, inasmuch as it related to the same ques-
tion with the original bill, it was in order; and,
upon appeal taken, the Chair was sustained.
Upon the same principle, an amendment making
an appropriation for a custom-house in one place
must be in order to a bill making appropriations
for a custom-house in another place,
Mr. McMULLIN. It is obvious that we can-
not dispose of these two questions of order and
of the bill itself during the present session of the
House. But, sir, I submit that the rules were
not suspended by the House in view of the
amendment which he has reported. I appeal to
the gentleman from Illinois himself, to know if
lie believes that, when the title of the bill only
was reported, without either the original bill
itself or the amendment being read, one man in
twenty could possibly have known the character
of his amendment which has been forced upon
the House in this way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman has appealed to me, I will state tolnm
that I stated to the House at the time I made my
motion to suspend the rules, that I was instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to report an
amendment, which I distinctly stated I should
ask to be considered with the original bill at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
the question raised by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMulun] is not pending at this time.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 will forbear from dis-
cussing the question of order immediately before
the House, with a view of raising another point
subsequently, and will now move'that the House
do now adjourn. Before doing so, however I
desire to ask if this question will not conic up
to-morrow?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desiro to ask what is
now the immediate question before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the appeal taken
by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has the gentleman the
floor to make that motion? I moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for tellers on
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin,
and Washburne of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 61).
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal of the gentleman from South Car-
olina on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, it is evident that we
shall not get through with this bill to-day, and I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Before the question is
put upon that motion, I desire to know what will
be the position of this bill if the House now ad-
journs ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
inasmuch as the House has suspended its rules
for the consideration of this bill, it will come up
as the business first in order in the morning.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the bill from the Senate (No.35G)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kan-
sas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union
upon an equal footing with the original States,
may be printed. 1 do not propose to ask to take
up this bill for consideration at this time; at the
same time I desire that an amendment which I
have prepared to that bill, and which I prupose
to offer as a substitute at some future time, may
also be printed.
There being no objection, the order to print
was made.
Mr. HAVEN also presented a substitute for
the Same bill, which he gave notice of his inten-
tion to offer at some future time, and asked that
it might be printed.
No objection being made, it was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, also asked
leave to have a substitute, which he proposed to
offer, printed.
Leave was granted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, sent up to the
Clerk's desk the following resolution; which, by
unanimous consent, was read for information:
Whereas, the difficulties existing in the Territory of Kan-
sas threaten to involve the inhabitants thereof, and the peo-
ple of the United States, m a civil war winch may result
disastrously to the country; and whereas, the crisis de-
mands prompt action on the pan of Congress, and the con-
dition of political particMcnders n at lea^t doubtful whether
any bill admitting, or piovidmg <or the fiifme admission of,
Kansas into the Union as a State, can pass the Senate and
House of Representatives, and become a law, during the
pifseiit session : Thcieforo
Revolved, That a special committee of thirteen members
be appointed by the Speaker to report a plan lor the adjust-
ment of haul ditficulties, and for the restoration of peace and
good older, cinhiaemq: the following piovisions :
I. A modification of the act entitled "An act to organize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," which shall ren-
I dor inoperative and void so much thereof as declaied the
; eighth .section ot the act preparatoiy to the admission of
| Missouri nito the Union, appioved March 6,18>0, mopera-
i tive and void, and al o so much thereof as may be construed
to rnithoi ize the people nf either of s.ud Territories through
their Legislative Assemblies, or otherwise, cither to exclude
slavery thereliom, or to auth'oiize it tUeiem, othei wise than
m pum-hniont of cihn<\ until, in pursuance of an act of
Congress, they shall l'otm a constitution, preparatory to
admission as a Htate into the Union.
!2. That no law of Congress, or oi eithcrof said Territo-
ries, shall bo .to eonstiucd as to prevent anj- citizen of the
United States from teeing before the properjudicial tribu-
nals the constitutionality of any act of Congiess, excluding
shivery fioni any Tcrritoiy undei the jurisdiction of the
Geneiai Government.
3. That neither of the said Territories of Nebraska or
Kansas shall be regarded as entitled to admission into the
Union as a fcStatu. until it fholl appear by a census lawfully
taken that there i? in the Territory making application at
lea&t fifty thousand inhabitants, bona fide icsidents therein.
4. That no peison shall be entitled to the right of snflrage
1 in either of -said Territories who i.-j not a bona fid? resident
thereof, anil a citizen of the United States, either native-
bom oi regularly naturalized, m confoimitv to the acts of
Congress; nor shall any law be passed abridging the free-
dom of leligion.
5. That no law shall be made or have force or effect in
said Territory which shall lequire a test oath or oaths to
support any act of Congress or other legislative act as a
qualification for any civil office or public trust, or for any
employment or profession, or to serve as a juror or vote at
any election, or which shall impose anvtax upon, or con-
dition to, the exercise of the right of suffrage by any quali-
fied voter, or which shall restrain or piohibit the fiee dis-
cussion of any law or subject of legislation m the said*
Territoiy. or the free expiession of opinion thereon by the
people of said Territory; and that said committee make
report as speedily as possible by bill or otherwise, and that
they have power to submit their report at any time they
may be prepared.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
On motion of Mr. WARNER, leave was
granted for the withdrawal, from the files of the
House, of the papers in the ease of William Y.
Hansell.
Mr. Cobb's motion was then agreed to; and
thereupon (at four o'clock) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 8, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by R^pr. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have twice
before given notice that I would, to-day, call up
for action the report of the select committee to
investigate into an assault alleged to have been
committed on Senator Sumner by a member of
this House. It was my purpose to have brought
the matter before the House this morning, but I
am informed that the member from South Caro-
lina is now on his trial before the court of this
District.
Mr.ICEITT, and other Members. Call it up
now.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. It is unnecessary to
postpone, the matter on that account. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina is in his seat.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of privilege. Some time ago I gave
notice that I would yesterday endeavor to call up,
for the action of the House, the Illinois contested-
election case of Archer against Allen. I was
unable to do so yesterday; and, as the matter 13
one of high privilege, concerning the right of a
member to a seat on this floor, I trust tliat there
will be nothing to prevent its immediate determ-
ination. "VVe are near the close of the first ses-
sion of the present Congress, and surely it is
time that this question of right should be dis-
posed of. 1 make the motion that the House
proceed to its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The first question before
the House for consideration is Senate joint reso-
lution for enlarging the custom-house, post office,
and court-house, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and
at Detroit, Michigan, and for the construction of
a building for the same purposes at Dubuque,
Iowa, which yesterday was reported from the
Committee on Commerce under a suspension of
the rules. The House is acting under that sus-
pension this morning; and, nfthe opinion of the
Chair, that part of the law of the House which
would make a report from the Committee of Elec-
tion a question of privilege, is also suspended.
THOMAS GILL.
Mr. ALLEN. Before proceeding to the ques-
tion immediately before the House, 1 ask unani-
mous consent to make a report on a private case.
Mr. MATTESON objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust that
there will be no other objection to that which my
: colleague requests.
There was no objection.
I _ Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Revolu-
I tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
! the heirs of Thomas Gill; which was read a first
j and second time by its title, referred to a C0111-
! mittee of the Whole House, made the order of
I the day for to-morrow, and, with the aecompa-
! nying report, ordered to be printed.
