890
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Bocock.
Ho. op Reps.
House of Representatives into two great Schools
for scandal, ill wlueh vour Backbites And your
Crabtrees mar strut their "Hour" on the stage
•ml feel happy. Then, too, ^you m:\ybuild up
youri*realdoctrineof woman srights; for where-
over your Backbites and your Crabtrees are the
prominent actors, the Lady Sneerwells and Mrs.
Candors should take their parts to make the play
complete. If  Uis is your doctrine, gentlemen,
bring on your Theodore Parkers, and your Ward
Beechers, and your strong-minded women, and
have a good time of it here and in the Senate.
iltmllemen will retire voluntarily from both with-
out the process of expulsion.
inlander never can, (in this country,) under any
puise, in any form of authority, enjoy perfect
immunity, and have
" As large a charter a* the wind,
To blow on wliotii u plea**."
Surely there has been no disposition or inten-
tion to give it such immunity or liberty hereto-
fore; and any such construction is in the teeth of
law and in the face of justice.
This, then, being the doctrine of law and jus-
tice, let me apply it to the ease in hand.
I believe that Mr. Simxer's speech was made
"ctmlramorempartimmtnlarium;" that under guise
of debating the Kansas bill, he sought occasion
to pour out his private resentments,and vent his
personal malice. In thus stepping beyond his
parliamentary right, he lost his constitutional
protection, and became liable as any other citizen
would be. The assault and battery committed
on him occupies, in this regard, the same ground,
not lower, not higher, than the same assault and
Dattery upon any oth^r person.
It has been asked, if Mr. Sumner was liable to
an action of libel, why not pursue him in the
courts of justice? That question may as well be
asked in any other case of assault and battery.
If a man insults you in a public crowd, or tra-
duces your wife or daughter, and you knock
him down, it may be asked, why not sue him?
That, surely, is the legal course. But there are
oiTt-nses ofsuch a nature, that men cannot always
wait for redress on the slow and uncertain course
of legal proceedings. The courts are then to in-
quire how much is to be pardoned to the weak-
ness of human nature under the circumstances ?
This is th<- great case of •• the violation of the
freedom of speech "in the person of Mr. Sumner.
He wantonly gave an insult, and was punished,
rashly perhaps, for it. Why, then, Mr. Speaker,
should Massachusetts become so much excited
on the subject ? Will she adopt the quarrels and
take up the fights of her sons wherever they go?
Fre.-dom of speech is a right of the private man
as Weil as of the pubhc man. Whenever a son of
hers gives an insult and gets a knock, is she to
rush forth and cry out " that the freedom of
sp ■ >ch has been violated?" I have known parents
wno identified themselves with their children in
all their quarrels and broils with their school-
fellows and playmates; and the consequence .in
such cases always is, that the parent gets the
more ill-will, and the children the more i!l-trcat-
m<"nt.
Massachusetts has sent a request to cach mem-
ber of this House to vote for the expulsion of a
memlier, the gentleman from South Carolina. As
she Iim made this polite request of me, I wish to
give# Kind reply. I am very apprehensive that
she is in great danger of overtaxing herself. We
have all seen that Massachusetts is at present
engaged in the high vocation of fixing the desti-
nies of an empire, as it were, lying west of the
Mississippi. Here is the seat of her deadly fight
with the " awful slave power." She is also en-
gaged in the battle of " personal liberty," as she
phrases it, against the Constitution of the United
fitates. While thus engaged, if she should at the
same time attempt to follow her citizens through-
out the world, and protect th<-m from assaults and
batteries, she would have much to do—too much
to do. Why need she do it, after the valiant
speech of yesterday, made by one of her.Repre-
sentatives? Why need she regard such men as
but chickens, and everybody else as hawks and
kites, that upon every conflict she should jump
out, and strut, and flap her wings, and c/oak, and
•cream? (Great laughter.] Valiant men like
** can take care of themselves, nor need the
shelter of the maternal wing. Let her trust them,
and doubtless they will repay a mother's trust to
the satisfaction or a mother's heart.
Hut I have been led too far from the strict line
of the discussion. So much stress has been laid i
upon the alleged violation of Mr. Summer's
"frttdom of snttch;" so much both of false doc-
trine and of bad feeling have been exhibited on
that subject, that I have dwelt long upon that
branch of the argument. I shall now hurry more
rapidly onward.
I believe 1 have very fully exploded the claim
of privilege arising under that clause of the Con-
stitution which relates to freedom from arrest and
freedom of debate.
Thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gingham] rather
incidentally alluded to another clause of the Con-
stitution, as affording an immunity which has
been violated in this case.
He says "tve have all sworn to support that
Constitution which declares that the person of the
Senator and citizen alike shall be inviolate."
I suppose thegentleman had reference to article
four ot the amendments to the Constitution, which
speaks of" the right ofthe people to be secure in
their persons," &c. Now, sir, it is strange that
so earnest and eloquent a gentleman should have
taken so short-sighted a view of any constitu-
tional provision upon which he hangs such grave
; comments. Read it, and what does it amount to?
; Nothing more than a provision against " unrea-
sonable searches and seizures." It is a prohi-
bition against what was known as" general war-
rants;" that is, warrants authorizing seizures
and searches without a proper specification, duly
verified on oath or affidavit, stating the existence
of probable cause, and the person to be seized,
or the place to be searched. Lawyers understand
this very well. The clause has no reference
whatever to "inviolability of person" against
assaults and batteries. I respectfully submit,
therefore, that the gentleman might very well
have spared his allusions to the violated oath of
the gentleman from South Carolina. I am aware
that another class of privileges has been con-
tended for.
It is held that the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, by virtue of their existence as polit-
ical bodies, enjoy the right of proceeding undis-
turbed, and of having the attendance of all their
members. This source of privilege has been
declared in the cases of Gunn and Baldwin, and
of Houston and Stansbery, anAperhaps others,
in the House of Representatives. I have very
little regard for congressional precedents at best.
I know too well how inconsiderate and biased
our action very often is. But precedents founded
on a necessity that exists by our own fault ought
to weigh nothing in constitutional construction.
It is competent for the law-making power to pro-
vide ample protection for the two Houses of
Congress. Its failure to discharge its duty can
scarcely create a necessity which will he a just
ground for the employment of powers not
granted by the Constitution itself. But if that
doctrine be allowed, it must be conceded that the
privileges of the two Houses arising from this
source extend only so far as may be necessary
for the purpose in view. If it be admitted that
the withdrawal of a member from his duties
in the Senate of the United States would be an
invasion of the implied privilege of that body,
still I say that the privilege of the Senate was
only invaded to the extent that Mr. Sumner was
unable to attend upon his duties, and if he was
safely able to attend the next day, then the privi-
lege of the Senate was not invaaed at all.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, itappears that, if any priv-
ilege of the Senate has been invaded, it is an im-
plied one, and not one expressly given by any
clause in the Constitution. But, sir, admitting
that the privilege of the Senate has been invaded
to the extent that one of its members was incapa-
citated from attending to his duties, then 1 inquire
how far this House has control over the subject-
matter so as to punish Mr. Brooks; and 1 say
that, in my judgment, it has none whatever.
What are the powers of this House to punish its
members? Those of the House and of the Senate
are contained in one and the same clause of the
Constitution. It is as follows:
" Each House may determine the rales of Its proceeding,
punish Its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concurrence ot two thirds, expel u member."
Now, observe how those passages of that
clause stand related. The phrase, "each House
nmy determine the rules of its proceedings, "and
the phrase, " punish its members for disorderly
behavior,^ 'are in immediate connection with each
other, Laeh House may lay down its own rules,
and then require its members to obey those rules.
Disorderly behavior means behavior contrary to
the rules of order; and the placing of them in
this connection shows that exactly that idea was
in the minds of those who framed that clause.
Each House may punish its members for diso-
beying its rules. If you do not employ this limita-
tion of the phrase, " disorderly behavior," what
other can there be ? Can you follow a member
to the other end of the avenue to see whether he
is guilty of insolence to the President ? Can you
follow him home to the bosom of his family, to
ascertain how he treats his wifeand children, and
servants? If in the recess between the two ses-
sions of Congress a member should think proper
to visit foreign lands, can the eye of this House
follow him there, and watch his behavior to the
crowned heads, to the queens and the maids of
honor? Will you go with us to our lodgings at
night, and there take note of our uprisings ana our
downsittings, our outgoings and our incomings?
Why, the idea is absurd. If the doctrine of gen-
tlemen opposite is correct, then our power to
punish is unlimited also, and for any little mis-
behavior the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] sitting as a grand inquisitor, may have
you or me called to tne bar, and have sentence of
death pronounced upon us. According to the doc-
trine of these gentlemen, there is no limitation
whatever. If you can punish to one extent, you
can to another. You can follow a member any-
where, even, as I have said, across the water,
watch, through yourspies, his disorderly behavior
to Queen Victoria, or any of her maids, and when
he comes back, call him up before you, and pro-
nounce sentence of death upon him. And that
doctrine is to be proclaimed in the American Con-
gress in thia nineteenth century! We warn you
against such a doctrine as this, so latitudinous,
so uncertain, and so unconstitutional. Let us see
what the Constitution of the United States says
in one of the articles of the amendments:
" Nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb."
If for the same offense no man can be twice
put in jeopardy of his life or limb, what doea
the doctrine of these gentlemen amount to? It
amounts to this, that for a little misdemeanor,
for which you could not be put in jeopardy by a
court of justice, you can be sentenced to death
by this House. But if it rises to a great offense,
for which you may be tried before a court, and
condemned to imprisonment or to death, then
this House has no such power over you. The
absurdity of such doctrine is palpable. Its enorm-
ity is revolting.
Mr. Speaker, the only reasonable construction
of that clause of the Constitution under consider-
ation, is that cach House may punish its mem-
bers for disorderly behavior committed in their
capacity as members of the House against the
rules of the House; and.by such punishment as
nffects them peculiarly as members of the House,
by the suspension of their privileges as members
of the House, by reprimand or rebuke, or by
something appropriate to the discipline of a body
of this sort, and not rising to the height of expul-
sion, which is afterwards specially granted, but
upon a condition annexed.
The clause goes on and says: " and may,with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
That comes in the same connection; and I should
hold as an original question, that it belongs to
the same great idea, that the House can punish
1 a member for disorderly conduct as a member ot
the House, by appropriate punishments, and
that in extreme cases, where two thirds unite,
they may cut off an unruly member by expul-
sion. I must admit that precedent m the other
i W I^was hekTby the Senate, in the cases of Blount
I and of John Smith, and perhaps others, that the
I power to expel members is not to be confined to
offenses committed in the House, or as members
