1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
821
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Bococlc.
Ho. of Reps.
of the House, or against the rules of the House,
but may be exercised for disgraceful conduct com-
mitted anywhere during the term of service. This
is the doctrine of the English authorities unques-
tionably. It is perfectly well settled, also, that
the offense for which a member may be expelled
must be one which reflects disgrace, and shows
that the character of the man is corrupt.
Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, speaks of it as a power given to reach a
member who " might be so lost to all sense of
dignity and duty, as to disgrace the House by
the grossness of his conduct."
The Senate expelled one of its members (Mr.
Blount) in 1797, for the reason that he attempted
to bribe an Indian agent in the employment of
the Government, from which it appeared that his
character was corrupt.
Thtycase of John Smith, a Senator from Ohio,
whom it was proposed to expel from that body,
because he had been indicted for high treason
along with Aaron Burr, was referred to a com-
mittee, of which John Q.. Adams was a member.
Mr. Adams from that committee says, that " the
high trust of legislation should be in pure hands,"
and placed himself upon the ground, that the
right of expulsion was intended to preserve the
purity of the National Legislature. All the cases
in which it has heretofore been seriously pro-
posed to exercise this right, were cases involving
the purity and integrity of the member. That is
the view of common sense. You should only
expel a member whose character is such as to
render him unfit longer to constitute one of the
National Legislature.
I remember—though 1 do not like to refer to
the incident—thatat the formerpart of this session
a gentleman over the way rose and stated that
another member of the House had offered him a
bribe to affect his vote. That, sir, was a charge
affecting the purity of a member of the House.
It is precisely the offense, viz. bribery, for which
Blount was expelled from the Senate, and comes
clearly within the scope of Mr. Adams's exposi-
tion. Yet the members of the House sat patiently
and quietly under that thing. Nobody called for
a committee to examine into it. It has slept
soundly from that time to this. But here, in a
case of mere assault and battery, gentlemen say
it is a most heinous offense, and expulsion ought
to be employed to punish the offender. Can any
man persuade himself that an assault and battery
readers the perpetrator impure, or affects the in- \
tegrity of his action as a member of this House ?
I defy the production of any case of expulsion [
for assault and battery in the previous history of
the House or of the Senate. Surely there is some
bias or sinister purpose at the basis of this move-
ment; something beyond a simple desire to do
what duty requires.
This, sir, is the full extent of the power of
this House to punish its members, so far as that
power can be derived from the express grants of
the Constitution.
Implied power to punish is claimed, however,
as well as implied privileges. It is said that the
privileges which result from the necessity of self-
preservation would be worth nothing unless
there was power in the Senate and House to
punish the violation of them. Why could not
such violations be punished by the courts or !
otherwise, as law might direct ? Why vest such I
discretion in this House? Dangerous as this 1
claim, sometimes put under the guise of punish-
ing for contempt, appears, yet it is sustained by
authority of great weight. Numerous cases |
have occurred in this House and the other, in >
which the doctrine appears to be recognized. I j
seed not enumerate them.
But there is an authority on the subject stronger '
than any congressional precedent. It is the
decision of the Supreme Court, as delivered by
Mr. Justice Johnson in the case of Anderson vs.
Dunn. In that case it is clearly held that each
House may exercise the power necessary for self-
preservation, but it is equally clearly laid down
that the power to be employed must be the '' least
possible power adequate to the proposed end."
From the ground upon which this power is rested
by Mr. McDuffieand Chancellor Kent, as well as
the,Supreme Court, this limitation follows as a
necessary consequence. Each House may exercise
the power absolutely necessary for its own self-
preservation. It cannot go further. One House
cannot undertake by its own authority to protect
the other. It may well be asked, who made us
guardians and protectors of the Senate ? If you
take the power, you must take it with the limita-
tions. If we do not, then what shall restrain us ?
Shall there be no bounds to our discretion, except
our own will. Shall we construe the acts of our
members into crimes, and visit them with punish-
ment at our absolute discretion.
Implied powers, always odious, are most odi-
ous when they assume the form of implied power
to punish for undefined and constructive offenses.
Look, sir, at the efforts which have been made to
secure certainty and precision in such matters.
It is provided in the Constitution, that no " ex
post facto law shall be passed;" that no person
shall " be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process ,of law;" and " that in all
criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial
JUIT-"
But what avails all this if here a prejudiced tri-
bunal may make crimcs at their own discretion
of acts already committed, and apply such pun-
ishment as their passions may dictate ? Why
maintain the doctrine that penal laws are to be
strictly construed, that is, that where express
power to punish is given, the letter of the Jaw is
not to be exceeded, when here there is no letter,
; and nothing but prejudice and passion to put
bounds to authority ? Why refuse to make each
House the judge of its own privileges,-as was
done in the Federal convention, with full author-
ity to punish their violation, when the same thing
is now to be accomplished by implication. Why
talk about law or liberty or rights, if we are at
; the absolute mercy of a majority of such a body
as this ? Have oppression and absolutism been
driven out of our courts of justice to take refuge
here ? Has the Star Chambier court been crushed
in England by the weight of public indignation
to be erected again in the American House of
Representatives ?
Sir, this is a revolting doctrine. If it be true,
we walk daily amid concealed traps and hidden
snares. We hear the hiss of the viper, but we
'know not where he lurks; we see the gleam of the
dagger, but know not when it will strike. The
gentlemen on the other side are in the majority
now, but their day may soon pass. If there be
spirit in our people, it will soon pass. Let me
say to them, in the language of Lord Strafford,
when on trial for constructive treason: " Beware
you do not awake these sleeping lions, by the
searching out some neglected, moth-eaten records;
they may one day tear you and your posterity in
pieces.'' I think L may claim with confidence, that
implied power to protect ourselves does not ex-
tend to the protection of the Senate. That body
must take care of itself. Then how do we get
jurisdiction of this case? We have jurisdiction
of the person, but it is requisite that we should
also have jurisdiction of the subject-matter. This
we have not, because it was the Senate, and not
this House, whose self-preservation was affected.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
members of the House t<j the positions which-1
have taken. The only right of punishing its
members which can be contended for as being in
the House of Representatives is, first, for disor-
derly behavior; and that applies only to disor-
derly behavior in the House, or as members of
the House. Then there is the power, by a two-
thirds vote, to expel a member; but this is to be
exercised for offenses which affect the purity and
integrity of the member. Then there is the right
of self-preservation, by which we may exercise
only the least possible power adequate to the end. j
Now, by virtue of which of these rights may we
expel Mr. Brooks ? ,Has he been guilty of dis-
order in the House, orjn his character as a mem-
ber of the House ? Has he done an act affecting
his purity or integrity of character? Has he
interfered with the safety of this House ? He has (
done neither.
Now, sir, again: what right have you under
either of these claims of power to censure any
member for disorderly conduct, not committed
in this House, nor in his capacity as a member
of the House? You cannot show it. It is not
under that clause which says that each Housa
may punish members for disorderly behavior. It
is not under theexpulsion clause. It is not under
that power given by the decision of the Supreii,■;
Court, that this House may protect its own exist-
ence. Where do you get the power, then, to
censure my colleague, [Mr. Edmcndson,] or the
other gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt?] It is an usurpation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 come to say one word in
reference to the point of this case in which I am
, most particularly interested. I desired to speak
on this subject because it involves great questions^
of constitutional right and constitutional priv-
i ileges, and especially because unjustly, if you
I look to the facts, and unjustly and improperly,
j if you look to the Constitution and to the rights
j of the House, you are seeking to involve a col-
league of my own and one of my most valued
friends. I ask how is it that they have brought in
the gentleman from Virginia for censure in regard
to his course in this transaction ? What has he
done that an honorable man ought not to have
done? Wheil the gentleman from South Caro-
lina met him and told him in confidence what
were his views and purposes in reference to Sen-
ator Sumner, did the gentleman from Virginia
persuade him to make the attack? Did he sug-
gest to him motives for carrying out such a course?
No such fact appears in the case. Was it his
duty, under the circumstances, to have violated
the confidence reposed in him, and to have given
public information of what he had heard"? It
would be the first time he ever betrayed a friend.
Will this House forbid confidence between its
members, and. require a man to whom informa-
tion has been thus communicated, to turn public
informer against his friend ? If this be its require-
ment, then Henry A. Edmundson is incapable,
by nature and raising, of loyal submission; if
this is to be the line of honorable, high-minded
conduct which this House is to impose upon its
members, then, sir, I want no part or fellowship
in their councils or their fame. I want to be one
of those who are to be proscribed and punished.
But, sir, I wish to say that the gentleman from
South Carolina did not inform the gentleman from
Virginia of his intention to make an attack. He
informed him that he was going to call upon the
Senator from Massachusetts, and demand an
explanation for language published in his speech.
.My colleague had good reason to suppose that the
explanation would be given. That is, he.had the
conviction that it ought to be given, and there-
fore he had reason to expect that it would be,
and he had the assurance to that extent that no
assault would be made.
And, sir, how was the information upon which
the majority of the committee propose to censure
the gentleman from Virgina derived ? From his
own statement, made before the committee, with-
out any knowledge, on his part, that he was on
trial.
Notwithstanding the acknowledged maxim of
law or constitutional provision, that no man shall
be compelled, in a criminal case, to testify against
himself, it is now proposed to punish my col-
league upon no evidence except his own, called
for by the committee. Sir, the heart of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] could not
have beat with its usual generous impulses, when
he agreed to that resolution. I cannot believe
that he acted upon the impulses of his own feel-
ings, or upon his calm, unbiased judgment. It
may have been done in an unguarded moment;
or it may be that his mind was operated on by
some other influence. There are some facts bear-
ingon this point which should be recollected.
There are certain newspapers in the northern
section of this Union which, in my humble judg-
ment, seek to fan the flames of civil war between
the two sections of this great Confederacy—not
that they wish to take part in the danger—not
they; they are peace men, I believe. They wish
the war for the same reason that a burglar burns
a house—that is, for plunder; they want political
plunder. These newspapers declared, at the time
the affair happened, that there had been a con-
spiracy on the part of sfothern men to assail Sen-
ator Somner. The idea of a conspiracy would,
it was thought, increase northern irritation. And
it will be recollected that the next day after the
