1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. HARRIS, (interrupting-.) Will my col-
league give me an opportunity to respond to my
other colleague ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no objection, if
the reply be very short,
Mr. HARRIS. 1 wish to gay, Mr. Speaker,
in response to tho answer which my colleague !
from t he La Salle district [Mr. Norton] made to '
the points which I advanced to the House in
reference to the action of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, that I did understand
from him, in regard to the bill which I introduced
at the commencement of the session, and which
was referred to his committee, that the committee
had instructed him to report that bill. I did un-
derstuucl, in the different interviews which I had
with him in regard to this bill, that the committee
had instructed him to report in its favor. I did
understand from him that he was waiting for his
committee to he called to order that he might
report it. I did understand him to complain that,
-at the various times when the committees were
called for reports, the call stopped before it reached
his committee, and that, therefore, he was notable
to make a report. I so understood from him
at various times. He now says in the House
that the committee have never had the bill under
consideration; that it was committed to his charge
in order that he might inquire into the propriety
of it, and report to the committee, so as to enable
them to act upon it. He says now that he never
did even that—that he never did report to the
committee, either favorably or unfavorably; that
they hod no action whatever on it; and that 1
totally misapprehended him when he gave me
information, both as to his own action and the
action of the committee.
iNow, if that bill was referred to him, that he
might rcpori on it to the committee, it was his
duty to do it. It was as much his duty, under
the action of the committee, to report to them as
to the propriety of recommending the bill, as it
would be to report the bill to the House, if the
committee had instructed him so to do. That is
the explanation which I wish to make of this
matter
The SPEAKER. The Chair must suggest to
gentlemen, that it is hardly in order for members
to allude to proceedings in committee, where no
report lias been made.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to make a few ob-
sorvations.
Mr. LEITER. I object.
Mr. NORTON. I think the objection comes
too late.
The SPEAKER. The objection of the gentle-
man from Ohio is in time.
Mr. NORTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw that objection. I will not
take up much of the time of the House. I only
want time enough to make an explanation.
Mr. LEITER. If there be any prospect that
we will arrive at any conclusion, I have no ob-
jection to withdrawing my objection at this time;
out I do object to the floor being farmed out here
to gentlemen from different localities for such pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
general consent.
Mr. NORTON. I do not propose to occupy
more than a few minutes m regard to this ques-
tion. I would say that I am ama'zed at any mis-
understanding between my colleague and myself
on this question. 1 stated to him in the first place,
when hi' snoke to me of this bill being referred
to the Committee on the Post, Office and Post
Roads, that I was in favor of his bill. I have
always told him so. 1 am in favor of it now. I
suggested to him this morning, for the purpose
of getting his bill before the House, the expedi-
ency of offering it as an amendment to my col-
league's [Mr. \Vasiibur.ne's] bill, in the hope
that thus all difficulties might be obviated. It
was on this floor this morning that I received the
first intimation thatl ever had, that my colleague,
I Mr. Harris,] or anybody else, ever understood
from me that this bill had been acted upon by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, or
that that committee had authorized me, or any-
body else, to report that bill to the House. I do
not charge my colleague with undertaking will-
fully to misrepresent me in this matter. I cannot
conceive, however, how he could have been mis-
taken, or how he could possibly have misunder-
stood me as he seems to have done.
My colleague did speak to me of this bill once,
perhaps twice; and I gave him to understand that
f would be in favor of it. My colleague had it
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and it was referred to me as a sub-
committee. I so informed my colleague. I called
upon him for the necessary information in regard
to Springfield court-house, post office, and land
office. T waited upon him until he got the evi-
dence which he was able to bring—and slight it
was, too. But I believed that the people of Spring-
field were entitled to the court-house, post office,
and land office, and I, in good faith, intended to
have acted upon that belief. But before I could
produce the necessary evidence to the committee
I had to leave for my home on important busi-
ness, and got the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to take the matter
into consideration, with the assurance on liis
part that he was m favor of my colleague's bill,
and would attend to it, and see that it was re-
ported to the House; and of this I informed my
colleague at the time. Since then I have had no
charge of the bill.
That is my explanation of this matter. I am
amazed at my colleague telling me that I had
informed him I was ready to report the bill. I
am amazed that he should tell me that I was
derelict to him.
One word more on that point. This matter
of my colleague was referred, as I say, to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
told him I had a general conversation in regard
to it; that 1 had talked with some members of the
committee upon it, and that I thought there was
a favorable impression in regard to it, and that
I would be able to carry it through. I believe
that it can be carried through now; and I trust
it will be carried through, injustice to the people
of that section of my State, notwithstanding
what has fallen from my colleague. I believe
that the statement made by that gentleman, this
morning, has been made under a misapprehen-
sion, because I cannot believe that he would pub-
licly, before the House, attempt to do me injus-
tice.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to say one
word more in answer to my colleague.
Mr. WASHBURNE, I claim the floor.
Mr. HARRIS. Just one word more.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to any further con-
tinuance of this discussion.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his objection, and allow
me to finish the explanation X had commenced.
Mr. CARLILE. Very well; I will withdraw
mv objection.
"The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
it is not in order to allude to proceedings in a
committee, which ^iave not been reported to the
House.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no intention of doing
that. In further continuation of what I before
said in relation to the bill which I introduced
into the House near the commencement of the
session, I wish my colleague [Mr. Norton] to
understand that, in what I said, I acted on what
I understood, clearly and distinctly, to have been
his expressions to me. Upon this point I was
as well satisfied as I ever was in reference to any
information I ever received in my life.
My colleague savs I misapprehended what
he told me. If that'bo so, he can better under-
stand what it was that he intended to commu-
nicate than I can. I know only what I under-
stood him to say in relation to the point in con-
troversy. He says he called upon me for in-
formation. That is true; and I communicated to
him such information as I had, which I under-
stood to be satisfactory to him. 1 drew a par-
allel between Illinois and Indiana, which State
received an appropriation for a similar purpose
last year. I represented that Illinois had a larger
area, and had a larger amount of business in all
the different departments for which public build-
ings were required to be established, than Indiana;
and I understood my colleague, at the time, to
have been satisfied with the information I then
presented.
Mr. NORTON made a reply entirely inaudible
to the reporter.
Mr. HARRIS. These explanations which 1
give, render it entirely unnecessary for my col-
league to become irritated or offended at anything'
which I said. I believed, from the information
which I understood him to give me, that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads had
acted upon this bill; and I understood him to ex-
press himself, from the information which I com-
municated to him, to be entirely satisfied of the
propriety of "the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope I
shall get the attention of the House for a few
minutes upon the subject now before us. I have
no doubt that, when the House comes to under-
stand the matter as it really exists, they will find
no difficulty whatever in their action. Now, sir,
let us look at the matter for one moment. Here
is a bill which was sent down to us from the Sen-
ate, and by the House referred to the Committee
on Commerce. The same committee also has
referred to it sundry other bills upon the subject
of custom-houses. Now, sir, the Committee on
Commerce have reported nearly every bill relating
to items contained in this amendment back sep-
arately, and they have been printed, and with the
reports in many cases accompanying them. When
gentlemen tell us that this bill must be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union because they have had no opportunity
to consider these various items, I tell them that
they have, almost without exception, been printed,
and before the Committee of the Whole" on the
state of the Union for weeks and months.
Mr. Speaker, it will be recollected that I
moved yesterday to suspend the rules, to take up
the Senate bill, with an amendment which the
Committee on Commerce had instructed me to
j offer, the natnre of which I stated to the House.
I stated to the House that I should propose an
amendment making appropriations for the erec-
tion of buildings at places other than those con-
tained in the Senate bill. The Speaker so stated
^ the question to the House; and, upon that state-
j ment, the House suspended the rules, in order
that the bill might be introduced and acted upon
immediately. That was the effect of the suspen-
sion of the rules, as decided by the Speaker, and
decided by the House, upon appeal from the
Speaker's decision. Then, upon the other ques-
tion—that the bill must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of tho Union, because it
proposed to appropriate money—the Speaker
decided that the vote of the House suspend/ng
the rules took the bill out of Committee of the
Whole, and out of the operation of the rules re-
quiring appropriation bills to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and the decision of the
Speaker was sustained by the House.
Now, the bill is before the House, fairly and
squarely, for their action. And what are tho
objections urged against this bill? We are told
that the sums proposed to be appropriated are
extravagant. "Why, sir, there has not been a
custom-house bill reported here for years, so
moderate in its appropriations.
Then gentlemen object to this log-rolling sys-
tem. Does not every gentleman upon this floor
know that nearly every session these different
items of appropriation for tho same general pur-
pose are always included in the same bill. At
the last session they were passed in the same way,
but I think the bills were never separately con-
sidered, and reported on as they have been this
i session. They have now been considered sepa-
j rately. This bill, therefore, stands fairer than
1 any similar bill that has been passed on any
foimer occasion.
Then, sir, what are the objections ? I tell gen-
tlemen that in nearly every case these appropri-
ations have been recommended by the Secretary
of tho Treasury. He has said that these build-
! ings are necessary for carrying on the operations
i of the Government. Yet, in this instance, we
I find this excitement gotten up, as I believe, for the
| purpose of killing tho bill, for the purpose of
I drawing the House off from the legitimate and
' regular matter before it, to some other extraneous
considerations. My colleague from the Peoria.
!; district (I fear for no other purpose than to kill
!j the bill) has advocated the reference of this bill
! \ to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
f the Union, where he can have the opportunity of
offering his amendment.
'! Mv KNOX.. I did not wish to be understood
!' a? desiring that the bill should be referred to the
