1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
"What I desired was, that the House would vote
down the demand for the previous question, and
place the bill in a position where I could offer my
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman very
well knows that no amendment could be offered
to the bill in its present condition; and that, if the
demand for the previous question is voted down,
the effect is like that of sending it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole—to almost certainly defeat the
bill. My colleague speaks of Peoria. Well,
sir, I have no wish to disparage the town in which
he resides, and which he represents 
Mr. KNOX. Neither did I intend to disparage
Galena.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I trust not. I think
my colleague has no reason to disparage Galena.
He has been a candidate for Congress in that
district, and he knows that when he was such
candidate the people of Galena stood up to him
in a manner worthy his high character. The
claims of Galena for the appropriation recom-
mended by the Committee on Commerce, as a
matter of public policy and public justice, cannot
be successfully contravened. But I have no wish
to continue this debate. I hope the bill will not
be referred to the Committee of the Whole, but
may now be finally disposed of.
If the House agree to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and the resolution and
amendments are referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, we shall
have to take it up again, if at all, by a two-thirds
vote. I hope that motion will be voted down,
and that the call for the previous question which
I make will be seconded, and the main question
ordered.
Mr. MAXWELL. With the consent of the
House, I will make an inquiry of the Chair. Has
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, for
a building at Springfield, been entertained?
The SPEAKER. It has not, objection being
made. The only amendments before the House
are the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, and the amendment to that amendment
moved by (lie gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MAXWELL. Is it m order to move any
further amendment? Or, if the House refuse to
second the call for the previous question, will it
be in order to make any further amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not, for the reason
that an amendment to an amendment is pending.
Mr. MAXWELL. Is it competent for the
gentleman from Illinois to accept, as a modifica-
tion of his own, the amendment which I sent to
the Clerk's desk to be read, several minutes
ago, but which, by some legerdemain, is lost
sight of?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, pending
a motion that the resolution and amendments be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. MAXWELL. Cannot the gentleman
accept my amendment as a modification of his
own ?
The SPEAKER. Pending a motion to com-
mit, the gentleman from Illinois, in the opinion
of the Chair, cannot change or modify the amend-
ment which he has offered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand this to be the
point presented by my friend from Florida: It is
true that, as chaiiman of the Committee on Com-
merce, the gentleman from Illinois cannot accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Florida.
But I understand that he has on his own respons-
ibility moved an amendment to the amendment:
and I imagine that he can modify that amendment
by the acceptance of the proposition suggested
by the gentleman from Florida. That amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is one which
lie can withdraw. It is offered on his own re-
sponsibility, and is his own amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment to the
amendment is moved on the gentleman's own re-
sponsibility. It is not an amendment of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. While the Chair holds
that it is competent for the gentleman to modify
his amendment, yet it is not clear that that mod-
ification can be made during the pendency of a
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. MAXWELL. If the motion to commit
fails, would I then be precluded from appealing
to the gentleman from Illinois to accept my
amendment as a modification of his proposi-
tion .'
The SPEAKER. The Chair will modify its
answer to the gentleman from Florida. Inasmuch
as the rule of the House enables a member to
withdraw or modify his amendment before a de-
cision, the Chair thinks that it is in order for the
gentleman from Illinois to modify his amend-
ment at this stage of the proceedings.
Mr. MAXWELL. Then I *ask that my
amendment be read. If necessary, I can also
have read a letter of recommendation from the
Secretary of the Treasury, sent at an early day
to the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
of the Senate. While this bill was under con-
sideration in this House I had not an opportunity
to present it. If I had, I would have done so.
The SPEAKER. There is a call for the pre-
vious question, and the amendment can only be
read by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHB 0 RNE. Let the amendment be
read.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Insert these words:
The sum of S.%000 in addition to the sum already appro-
priated for buikhnj? a custom-house at Pensacola, Florida.
Mr. MAXWELL. This appropriation "was
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury
at an early day of this session. I appeal to the
gentleman from Illinois to accept it as a modifi-
cation of his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is the amendment in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be received by
unanimous consent.
Several Memrers ohjectcd to it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFEit. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will, if the gentleman
will promise to renew the call for the previous
question.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will renew the call
for the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I did
not intend to say anything in reference to the
amendment offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce; but the question having
been asked, whether the items of the committee's
amendment are recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury, I desire to state a few facts in
connection with one item, in which I have an
interest. There is an appropriation for the con-
struction of a custom-house at Nashville, Ten-
nessee. I have ascertained that we are collecting
at that port a larger revenue than is collected at
more than one half of the ports of entry or de-
livery at which custom-houses have been built
by the Government. The item for Nashville has
been recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It has been recommended by the Commit-
tee on Commerce. A bill proposing to appro-
priate, in accordance with the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, money for the
building of a custom-house atNashville, has been
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for months, and probably it will not
be reached for months to come. The Secretary,
in his official statement, says that our revenue for
the last five years has averaged §36,000 a year.
Last year the net revenue collected was $39,000.
The revenue collected there is larger than that
collected at Louisville; larger than that collected
at Pittsburg; larger than that collected at Wheel-
ing, Viiginia, or Wilmington, North Carolina,
or at New Bedford, Massachusetts, or at various
other places in Massachusetts; larger than that
collected at twenty-eight different points at which
custom-houses have been built for years by the
Government. We have never before asked for
a custom-house. Our revenue is large now, and
it is steadily increasing; and I have no doubt
that, by the time the custom-house is constructed,
it will be double what it is at present. Our city
is growing faster than ever before. It is, m my
judgment, a case deserving the action of Con-
gress. It has all the recommendations asked for
by the gentleman from Virginia. I renew the
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put, being first
upon Mr. Letcher's motion, that the bill be re-
I ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Aiken were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 44.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So Mr. Letcher's motion prevailed; and the
bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was so referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
lie upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS PRESI-
DENT'S VETOES.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
call up a question of privilege.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to call the attention of
the House to what I suppose to be a question of
superior privilege. I do not know that I am right
about it; but I learn from a communication from
the Senate, that the bills for the improvement of
the mouth of the Mississippi river, of the St. Clair
flats, and of the flats of the St. Mary's river, are
returned from the Senate, with the announcement
that they have been passed over the vetoes of the
President. I suppose that, under the Constitu-
tion, they are properly to be considered when
they come into the House. If that be so, I de-
sire to make a suggestion in reference to their
consideration now, or to postponing them to a
given day next week.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to that mo-
tion; and I think that, when the Chair and the
gentleman from New York turn to the Constitu-
tion , they will find that there is nothing that makes
this a question of privilege, or requires us to take
these bills up now. The words of the Constitu-
tion, according to my recollection, are, that when
a veto has been sent to the House in which the
bill originated, it shall proceed to consider it
again and vote upon it. It does not state when
the House shall proceed. I take it, therefore,
that these bills do not now come up for considera-
tion as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. Messages have been received from the
Senate during the session of to-day, announcing
to the House that certain bills passed by this
House have been returned to the Senate by the
President of the United States, with his objections
thereto, and that the Senate have proceeded to
pass these bills—two thirds agreeing thereto.
The Clerk will read the messages.
The messages, as substantially stated above,
were accordingly read by the Clerk.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to remind the
Speaker that this very question was discussed in
the Seriate a few years ago, and the Senate de-
cided (I believe with regard to these very bills)
that the consideration of the veto message did
not override all other business. In fact, the veto
mevssage was given the go-by, and other business
proceeded with.
Mr. PECK. I move that this matter be made
the special order for Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
in the present condition of the business of the
House. The Clerk will read the clause of the
Constitution bearing on this subject.
The clause was read as follows:
"Art. 1. Sfc. 7. Eveiy bill which shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall, beibie
it become a law, be presented to the President of the United
States: if he apptove he Miall sign it; but if not, he shall
return it, with his objections, to that Ilour-e m which it
shall have originated, who shall enter the objections at Sanre
on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If. after
such reconsideration, two thirds of that Iionse shall agree
to p-iss the bill, it shall be sent, together u ith the objections,
to the other House, by which it shall likewise be recon-
sidered, .and if approved by two thirds of that House, it
shah becomc a law.'5
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that the bill, having been returned to this House
from the Senate, with the objections of the Presi-
dent, it is a proper subject for consideration,
under that clause of the Constitution which says
that the message of the President, with his objec-
