1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
any degree of force. It was a matter of unani-
mous consent; no objection was taken; and there-
fore it is not a precedent that ought either to in-
fluence the Chair or the House. The point is
directly raised before the House, and the Chair's
decision ought to be regardless of the case just
read by the Clerk.
Mr. HAVEN. In that case the thing was so
obviously right that no member thought to ob-
ject.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; the reconsideration
was so obviously right, that it was carried almost
unanimously.
- The SPEAKER. The precedent cited shows
the practice of the House. The Journal does
not show that it was by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It does not show there was
any objection.
The SPEAKER. It shows what was the usual
practice of the House. The Chair bases his de-
cision on precedent, and on the Constitution. The
question is, " Will the House, on a reconsidera-
tion of a bill to remove obstructions to navigation
in the mouth of the Mississippi river at the South-
west Pass and Pass al'Outre, agree to its pas-
sage ?"
Mr. HAVEN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the question until Thursday of
next week.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the motion to postpone. I
do not presume anybody is desirous of discussing
the question, and we may as well dispose of the
question now as at any future time.
Mr. HAVEN. I have made the motion to post-
pone after consultation with members in various
parts of the Hall. It was thought proper to put
oiT its consideration to another day. I do not
desire to discuss the merits of the question.
Mr. OUR. Would a call for the previous ques-
tion cut off the motion to postpone, and bring the
House to a direct vote 011 the proposition pending?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. ORR. I do not see that any good can re-
sult from the postponement of the further consid-
eration of the question, or from its discussion at
tins time; and I therefore call for the previous ques-
tion. If a majority arc in favor of voting on the
question now, they <can sustain the call for the
previous question.
Mr. QUITMAN". I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question. To act thus hurriedly in the
matter savors of disrespect to the President's ob-
jections, and to our own constitutional obliga-
tions.
The SPEAKER. Debate can only proceed by
unanimous consent.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are
ordered to be called by the Constitution. The
question is, " Will the House, on a reconsidera-
tion of the bill, agree to its passage ?"
Mr. MILLION. Are not the objections of
the President required to be read by the Consti-
tution ?
The SPEAKER. The language of the Con-
stitution is:
u ft', alter such reconsideration, (wo thiids of that ITou^c
shall agree to pass the hill, it "hall hp sent, together with
the objections to the other Ifou->e. by which it shall hkow i*e
be recon.-tdered, and if approved bv two thu ch ot that House,
it Khali become a law."
Ordinarily, it would be competent for the House
to order the message to be read, but the main
ouestion has been ordered, which precludes all
debate, and the Chair holds that the reading of
the message would be in the nature of debate.
Mr, HA~Y EN. Does the Chair decide that the
previous question cuts off the motion to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. It docs.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the reading of
the I resident's veto message.
^ The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered,it is not competent for the gen-
tleman to have the message read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I most respectfully ask
the Chair to reconsider that decision. When a
member is called to vote on a bill that has been
vetoed, he surely has the right to have read the
objections of the President's veto message. I am
asked to withdraw my demand to have the paper j
read. I ask the Chair to reconsider his decision. ■
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. What is the
question before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The reconsideration of the
bill vetoed. The previous question has been or-
dered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And I object to further
debate. If the message be read, I insist that some
one on the other side be heard.
The SPEAKER. The House is not called to
act on the message of the President, but on the
bill. No message has been sent to this House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Does not the Constitu-
tion require the messages to be communicated to
this House?
The SPEAKER. They have been communi-
cated to this House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then they must be read
with the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to dispose of the matter as it chooses. The pre-
vious question is ordered; and debate and the
reading of papers are precluded.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will not persist in my
right. I yield the point, knowing, however, I
yield what is my right.
Mr. KENNETT moved that the House do
adjourn; which motion was disagreed to.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Is it in order to move
that there be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. Q.U1TMAN. The Chair states the ques-
tion to be " Will the House, on reconsideration of
the bill, agree to its passage?" Is not the proper
question <£ Shall the bill pass, notwithstanding the
objections of the President5" If so, I call for the
reading of those objections.
The SPEAKER. The form in which the ques-
tion is submitted to the House, according to the
established usage and practice of the House, is,
" Will the House, on reconsideration of the bill,
agree to its passage?"
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
143, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS— Mcs&rs. Albright, Allison, Hall, Barbour, Henrv
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie,
lliad'-haw, Brenton, Broom, Bufiinton, James U. Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carutliers, Chaffee,
Ha) aid Clarke, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covodc, Cox,
Oiagm, C'ulleii, Cnmback, Damiell, Ilenry Winter Davit?,
j)ay, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durtee, Edit', Edwards, Eniue,Engli:-li, Ethendge, Eu^tiV,
Evans, Flakier, llemy M. Fuller, Galloway, Guiding^., Gil-
bert, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, ltobeit 15. Hall, Harlan,
J.Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Han is, IIarn>on, Haven,
Hoffman, Hollow.ay, Thomas 11. Uorton, Valentine B. IIoi-
ton, Hiighston, Kelsey, Kennett, King, lvnapp, Kntsht,
Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Lindley, Humphrey Mat-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCarly, Mcudmin,
Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Milhvard, Mooie, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Notion, Parker, Peck, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Perry, Petut, Pike, Porter, Pinmle, Purvi-
Cadwalader C. Waslibmne, Elhlfu B. Washlmine, Israel
Wa^libuin, Watson, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodiuff,
Woodwoith. and Zolhcoffei—143.
NAYS-—Me^rs. Aiken, Allen, Bnrksdale, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Boeock, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Oadwalader,
Caihle, Caskie, Chngman, Unwell Cobb, Williamson It.
W. Cobb, Craige, Ciawford, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
Faulkner, Foster, Goodc, Samp>on W. Ilarri*, Hickman,
Houston, Jeweit, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancv Jones, Reitt,
Kelly, Kidweil, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, Mc.Mulhn,
McQueen, Mill.-on, Andrew Ohyer, Orr, Packer, Powell,
Kullin, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith,Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Vail, Warnei, Watkms, Wheeler,Wins-
low, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wnglit—
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE snid: 1 feel it my duty to
say that I have paired off with my colleague, Mr.
KuNKELjand as I have had no opportunity of
consulting him, or of knowing his views upon
this question, I decline to vote.
The House next proceeded to consider the
vetoed bill making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the St. Clair llats, in the State of
Michigan.
Mr. IIAVEN, I move the previous question
upon that bill.
Mr. MILLSON. Before that motion is put, I
require the reading of the President's objections.
The SPEAKER. The question for the House
to determine is, will the House, upon reconsider-
ation of the bill, agree to its passage?
Mr. MILLSON. Before that question is taken,
I submit that the Constitution requires that the
President's objections to the bill should be known
to the House. That is the very object of sending
them to the House—that they may be known to
the House. Before the House proceeds to recon-
sider, they must know the President's reasons for
the veto.
The SPEAKER. Pending the call of the gen-
tleman from New York for the previous ques-
tion, the President's message can be read only by
unanimous Consent.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. I want the Speaker to decide
the question,that it maybe entered on the record.
I raise the point, that by the Constitution the
President's objections are required to be sent to
the House in which the bill originated. The
Constitution requires that House to weigh the
objections before it proceeds to reconsider the bill.
If they pass the bill, the President's objections
notwithstanding, the Constitution then requires
that the bill, together with the objections of the
President—not the paper containing the objec-
tions, but the objections themselves—shall be
communicated to the other House, which shall
likewise reconsider its action. They must know
the President's reasons for objecting to the bill
before they can reconsider; and I say that that
being the requirement of the Constitution—the
reading of the President's objections—the knowl-
edge of the President's objections is imperative,
and cannot be dispensed with, even by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will unani-
mously consent that the message shall be read.
It is very brief.
Mr. ORR. I was about to make the same sug-
gestion. If the gentleman from Virginia persists
in having the message read, it will take a shorter
time to read it than to dispose of the question of
order.
Mr. PECK. I shall object to the reading of
the message, unless the House will hear a reply
to it of the same length.
Several Members urged Mr. Peck to withdraw
the objection.
Mr. PECK. I will withdraw it, at the request
of members around me.
The message was then read, and is as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
1 leunn herewith to the Senate, in which it originated,
a bill entitled "An act making an appropriation for deepen-
ing the channel over the St. Clair Hal-, in the Stale of
Michigan," and submit it for rucoik-ideration, because itis,
in my judgment, liable to the objections to the piosecution
of internal improvements by the General Government,
which have aheady been presented by ine in previous
communications to Congress.
In consulting this bill under the restiiction that the
powei of Congiess to coristiuet a work of interna.! improve-
ment is limited to cases in which the work is manifestly
needful and proper for the execution of some one or moie
of the poweis expressly delegated to the General Govern-
ment, I have not been able to find for the proposed expend-
ituie anysuch relation,unless it be to the povverto provide
for the common defense, and to maintain an army and
navy. Bui a careful examination of the subject, with the
aid of information officially received since my las,t annual
me&sage was communicated to Congress, has convinced
me that the expenditure of the sum proposed would serve
no valuable pui pose, as contributing to the common defense,
because all which could be eflectcd by it would be to afford
a channel of twelve feet depth, and of so tempoiary a
character, that, unless the work was done immediately ho-
lme the necessity tor its use should anse, it could not bo
relied on for the vessels of even the small draft the passage
of which it would permit.
Under existing circumstances; therefore, it cannot be
considcied as a necessary means for the common defense,
and is subject to those objections which apply to other
works designed to facilitate commerce and contribute to
the convenience and local prosperity of those more imme-
diately concerned—an object not to be constitutionally and
justly attained by the taxation of the people of the whole
country.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, May 10, 1856.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, " Will the House,
on reconsideration, agree to the passage of the
bill.'" and there were—yeas 139, nays 55; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Eaibour, Ilenry
Bennett, Benson, JDillinghur>t, Bingham, Bi&hup, Blir>s,
Bowie, Biad>haw, Brenton, Broom, Butfinton, James Ff.
Campbell, John P.Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,Caruther^,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cumbaek, Damrell, Ilenry Winter
Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Du Witt, Dick, Dickson. Dodd,
Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edwaids, Emrie, Etheridgc, Eu-sti",
Evans, Flaglei, Hcniy M. Fuller, Galloway. Guiding-. Gd-
bert. Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert
B, I'dU. liailan, J. Morrison Ilarns. Thomas L. Harris,
