828
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Tyson.
[July 12,
Ho. of Reps.
but it occurs to trie that the minority have made
a moat unfortunate selection of dates to establish
their position. The cases cited by the commit-
tee begin in 1547, and, with the exception of a
single one, end in 1695. The exception is the
case of Sir Francis Burdett, committed to the
Tower in 1811, for a libel upon the House of
Commons; and as an offset to this latter case, it
may be said, that the Senate of the United States,
within a few years past, arrested a man for an
alleged breach of its privileges, and held him in
custody for a number of days, and that for
alleged libels upon its character, that body has
frequently withdrawn its privileges from various
persons connected with its deliberations.
Discarding those precedents which have arisen
under our own Constitution, in the legislative
history of our country, the minority of the com-
mittee have adopted those drawn from the revo-
lutionary history of a country where a continual
conflict was maintained between the monarch and
his subjects, before the birth of the " habeas cor-
pus act," or the passage of the " bill of rights,'' had
secured, even in the ordinary administration of j us-
tice,the natural rights of Englishmen—precedents
drawn from the days when Scroggs and Jeffreys
presided in the courts, and minions of power were
in the legislative bodies, with " hinges in their
knees," to crook at the footstool of kingly power
—prove not much, at this period, save the un-
happy condition of the law at that day, and the
aggressions of power above and beyond the con-
trol of the people. And, sir, if the committee
had turned to our own history, it appears to me
that safe, just, and wise precedents would have
resolved all their doubts.
In March, 1796, Mr. Baldwin, a member of
this House, presented to the House certain cor-
respondence between himself and General Gunn,
a Senator from the State of Georgia, including a
challenge addressed to him by General Gunn.
These were referred to a committee, of which Mr.
Madison was chairman, who reported, by their
chairman, that the same was a breach of the
privileges of the House on the part of General
Gunn and Mr. Frelinghuysen, a Senator from
New Jersey, by whom the challenge had been
borne. This House, then, by its report, asserted
its dignity against an offense on the part of the
Senate. .In this case the Senate report that a
member of this House is the offender. In May,
1828, a personal assault having been made by
Mr. Russell Jarvis upon Mr. John Adams, the
Private Secretary of the President, just after his
delivering a message to the House of Represent-
atives, and while on his way to the Senate with
another message, the matter was, on complaint
of the President, referred to a select committee.
A majority of the commitiee, by Mr. McDuffie,
of South Carolina, their chairman, reported that—
" Upon a view of all the circumstances, the committee
are of the opinion that the assault committed by Mr. Jarvis
upon the Private Secretary of the President, whatever may
have been the causes of provocation, was an act done in
contempt of the authority and dignity of this House, in-
volving not only a violation of its own peculiar privileges,
but of the immunity which it is bound, upon every princi-
ple, to guarantee to the person selected by the President as
the organ of his olficial communications to Congress."
And again, in 1832, the House of Representa-
tives, after a long trial and thorough discussion of
the question, voted that General Houston, by
making a personal assault on Mr. Stansbery, a
member of the House, for words spoken in de-
bate, was guilty of a contempt and violation of
the privileges of the House. But, perhaps, the
first example of punishment for breach of priv-
ilege, and for an offense against the character of
a legislative body, is found in the following in-
stance:
In 1797, William Blount, a United States Sen-
ator, was almost unanimously expelled from that
body. I beiieve there was but one vote against !
his expulsion. His offense was an attempt to i
seduce from his duty an American agent among ,
the Indians, and to alienate the confidence of the 1
Indians from the public authorities of the United i
Sfates. Justice Story says of this case, (2 Com- '
mentaries on the Constitution, 299:). j.
" It was not a statutable offense; nor was it committed
In his official character; norwas it committed during the
session of Congress; uornt the seat of Government." * *
" It seems, therefore, to be settled by the Senate, upon full
deliberation, that expulsion may be for any misdemeanor
which, though not punishable by any statute, is inconsistent
with the trust and duty of a Senator."
And in reference to the power which may be
exercised in such cases, the same justice says:
"The power to expel a member is not, in the British
House of Commons, confined to offenses committed by the
party as a member, or during the session of Parliament;
but it extends to all cases where the offense is such as, in
the judgment of the House, unfits him for parliamentary
duties."—IM., 300,301.
Justice Story, after asserting this power to pun-
ish contempts to be fully vested in the Congress
of the United States, well remarks:
" Nor is this power to be received in an unfavorable light.
It is a privilege, not of the members of either House, but,
M like all other privileges of Congress, mainly intended as a
privilege of the people, and for their benefit."—2 Story's
Commentaries on the Constitution, 307.
Jefferson, in his Manual, section third, enumer-
ates the powers and privileges of Congress over
their members, and says that "no further law
is necessary, the Constitution being the law."
Rawle, in his work on the Constitution, says:
" Expulsion may, however, be founded on criminal con-
duct committed in any place, and either before or after con-
viction, in a court of law."—Pp. 43, 44, 45.
Mr. Speaker, the Senate reports to us unani-
mously a breach of their privileges. 1 could not
see the necesity of a committee of inquiry here for
as to the facts—that an assault had been committed
—that such assault was a breach of the privileges
of the Senate—I consider that it was a determined
question—that these things were resadjudicata.
The question is, how should we punish, and
have we the right to punish, for an infraction of
the Senate 'a privileges? I think we have—that
the authorities cited prove the power, and that
we have only the simple question of expediency.
Why should we punish ? Because, sir,
" Neither House can exercise any authority over a mem-
ber or officer of the other, but should complain to the House
of which he is, and leave the punishment to them."
Sir* the propriety of this mode of procedure is
such, that I forbear all comment.
These precedents, sir, founded upon the plain
provisions of the Constitution—supported as they
are by the Manual, which is the law of our House,
to my mind dispose of the whole case, and clearly
answer the report of the minority.
But, sir, the minority report takes a distinction
between a speech delivered in the Senate and a
speech printed—and intimates that, while the priv-
ilege may attach to the one, it cannot to the other.
Sir, this appears to me to be a singular view of
this case. Is not the distribution of every speech
made here a thing of course, under laws passed
by Congress? What are these reporters Tor?
What the vast volumes of Congressional Globes,
which, at every long session, swell up to three or
four volumes ? Why, simply that the opinions of
members shall be distributed—shall be published
to the world. It appears to me, sir, that, when
Congress assumes the responsibility of providing
by law for the distribution of speeches, it is full
late to urge such a distinction as that taken by
the minority.
Mr. Speaker, I have attempted simply to dis-
cuss the legal bearing and consequences involved
in this case. In my action with it, I have simply
looked to the character of Congress, as a legisla-
tive body, and sought to estimate what was due !
to ourselves. I have no feeling to gratify in the i
matter, no wish to provoke or inflame sectional ' j
feeling. No man regrets the occasion for my vote
more than I do. No man would more gladly give i
up something to the infirmities of passion, and to j
the weaknesses which sometimes mislead men, !
than myself. The maxim of Goethe, " that as
we grow older, we should become more lenient to
the errors of frail humanity," is one that, as an
individual, I would rather cherish than reject; but
if I pursue a contrary course now, it is because, ;
in my humble judgment, the bitterness of discus- \
sion in the future, the dignity of this body in the
present, and the freedom of legislative action at j
all times, requires that no such occurrence as this j
should pass unheeded.
It is urged, sir, that a proper mode of settling
this controversy is by a personal adjustment : j
between the parties to the assault; that " personal
responsibility" is the best method of regulating
affairs of this kind. But permit me to ask, do
gentlemen seriously assent to this doctrine ? Do
uiey mean to have us understand that, for every
offense taken here by a gentleman, whether well
or ill-founded, the inevitable resort must be to the
arena of personal combat, and that the two Houses
must see this system inaugurated, and yield up
the power they possess, of vindicating their own
dignity to the select few who prescribe the terms
apd conditions of a barbarous code—opposed to
c^ilization, humanity, and reason ? Oh, no, sir.
"hue I confess, sir, that my own ideas of per-
sonal responsibility are not those of almost the
whole mass of northern men, yet, God forbid
that we should give to the pistol, or the street
fight, the solution of questions of privilege!
And believe me, sir, the northern and western
men—the voters—sanction no such thing. Edu-
cated to look upon deliberate killing as murder,
in violation of God's law and man's law, taught
to look upon personal encounters as disreputable,
they s sk that no such rule shall be acknowledged
here. They practice, sir, upon a different prin-
ciple, and acknowledge no obligation that perils
life upon a foolish punctilio or exaggerated sen-
timent.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. TYSON,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 12, 1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of Hon. Preston S.
Brooks on Hon. Charles Sumner, of the Senate; and
resolutions to expel and censure—
Mr. TYSON said:
_ Mr. Speaker: From the moment these resolu-
tions came before the House, now nearly a week
ago, I have endeavored, at every opportunity,
to attract the eye and ear of the Speaker, for the
purpose of submitting my views on the consti-
tutional question which they involve. But it
has so happened that all my efforts have been
ineffectual until the present Ume, when, in order
to bring the debate to a clore, we are under the
operation of a rule which forbids any extended
discussion. It was my intention to attempt to
show, what is so confidently denied by the mi-
, nority report, that the jurisdiction of the House
of Representatives over misdemeanors committed
out of its presence, ia as unquestionable as its ex-
i ercise, in this case, is necessary. It is important
for the credit of the House, and the credit of the
country, that we should examine with care the
limits of our constitutional power, in order that
this question of jurisdiction may be finally set-
tled, and at rest now and for the future-
But before turning to this precise subject, per-
mit me to say a word or two, rather by way of
notice than of extended examination, of disap-
proval rather than reply, in answer to some gen-
eral sentiments which have been started in the
course of this debate. Much of the discussion has
gone off in sallies on the freedom of speech, and
the freedom of the press, and in disquisitions on
the right of individuals to redress the wrongs of
themselves and their friends, for the abuses of
either. The whole spirit of the debate reveals
as deep-seated a feeling in some portions of this
country to elevate the self-remedy of personal
redress into a higher law, as we know there is
in others to call a higher law to their aid in oppos-
ing great constitutional enactments for the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves. Real liberty is in equal
danger from both these excesses, wherever such
mistaken notions of it exist, wherever such mad
licentiousness prevails.
Ajeud'esprit of Dr. Franklin, in one of his lively
anonymous essays, has been quoted as grave au-
thority to prove that he was in favor of correcting
the liberty of the press by a protective grant of Ik*
liberty of the cudgel. The passage has been pa-
raded with the gravity of a case inpoint. Franklin
prepared the article for a newspaper, called the
Federal Gazette. He entitled it " An account
of the Supremest Court of Judicature in Penn-
sylvania, viz: the Court of the Press. His sub-
ject, which the title so well describes, is distrib-
uted into various heads, such as the Potter oftht
Court, its Practice, &c., until he comes to the
checks where he laughingly discourses on tha
