1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
34th Cong   •« 1st Sess.
Defense of South Carolina—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. op Reps.
He replied, that he did not intend to be so understood; he
did not intend to hold himself out as a fighting man; and,
if there was anything in his speech that would bear that
construction, he, like Colonel Bingham, would be ready to
explain. I then told him,thntIconsidered that this decla-
ration on his part ended my mission on the part of Colonel
Brooks ; but I would advise him to look over his speech
befi>re publication; that I thought, if he would examine it
carefully, he would find points and sentences that would
indicate to a man of honor and sensibility that he did intend
to bold himself out as a fighting man, subject to the code of
honor. He replied, that he would do so; and this ended the
interview. 1 was fully satisfied, as your friend, believing
you ro be as generous as brave, that it could not be your
duty or inclination to press the matter further.
I am, respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,
JOHN H. SAVAGE.
Hon. Preston S. Brooks.
Now, air, I have to say to that member, as
Uncle Toby (of Tristram Shandy memory) said
to the fly: " Go, little wretch, there is room
enough in this world for both you and me."
[Laughter.] Another quotation has just come to
me, and 1 will give him also the benefit of that.
" You can hurt no man's fame by^our ill word;
Your pea is just as harmless as your sword."
I now desire the attention of my quondam friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Comuts.] He alluded
in the opening of his speech to our past personal
and family relations. I have to sav to him that
my attachments do not set so loosely upon me as
to be cast off unnecessarily, and that I yet take
deep interest in the welfare of his excellent family.
Had our relative positions been reversed, I should
have said nothing, or I should have done more
than he has done.
From his place in this House—in his repre-
sentative character, and at the time armed to the
te«th, and norwith a rifle hypocritically and cow-
ardly disguised as a walking cane, and carried in
the hand of a poltroon and puppy, but with the
genuine articles—he quoted the language and in-
dorsed the sentiment of Chevalier W«bb, of poor
Jonathan Cilley notoriety, as follows:
" Looking at it solely as an insult to the country, a tramp-
ling upon the Constitution, and an outrage upon the sanc-
tity of the Senate Chamber, it was an outrage which merited
death on the spot from any patriot present who was in a
. position to inflict the punishment."
Now, sir, I say to that gentleman that no man
has the right to wear arms who does not dare to
use them. In my country, the cock that crows
and won't fight is despised by the hens, and even
by the pullets, who know a thing or two instinct-
ively. [Great laughter.] His ehivalric spurs
dwindle before the charges of the valorous gout,
and his place is—out of sight. I feel, sir, that
" the blood more stirs to hunt the lion than to
chase the hare;" but if my quondam friend has
any ambition, under the directions of the Chev-
alier Webb, to play the "patriot," let him or It
preux chevalier, separately or together, or backed
by the whole Black Republican crew, come take
the life which they say is forfeited.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 have nearly finished what
I intended to say. If my opponents, who have
pursued me with unparalleled bitterness, are sat-
isfied with the present condition of this affair, I
am. I return my thanks to my friends, and es-
pecially to those who are from non-slaveowning
States, who have magnanimously sustained me,
and felt that it was a higher honor to themselves
to be just in their judgment of a gentleman than
to be a member of Congress for life. In taking
my leave, I feel that it is proper that I should say
that I believe some of the votes which have been
east against me have been extorted by an outside
pressure at home, and that their votes do not ex-
press the feelings or opinions of the members who
gave them.
To such of these as have given their votes and
made theif speeches on the constitutional princi-
ples involved, and without indulging in personal
vilification, I owe my respect. But, sir, they
have written me down upon the history of the
country as worthy of* expulsion, and in no un-
kindness I must tell them that for all future time
my self-respect requires that I shall pass them
as strangers.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I announce to you and
to this House, that I am no longer a member of
the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
[Mr. Brooks then walked out of the House of
Representatives.]
New Series.—No. 53.
APPENDIX.
The imprudence of evil-disposed persons, who, by news-
paper articles and in private conversations, have done in-
justice both to the Hon. Mr. Bdrlingame and myself, ren-
ders it necessary that the subjoined memoranda should be
appended to my speech.
Mr. Burlinoame, in a fair and manly way, admitted liis
responsibility for any language used in his speech, and dis-
claimed any intention to reflect upon the personal charac-
ter of Mr. Brooks, or to impute to him in any respect a
want of courage; but, discriminating between the man and
the act to which he was called upon to allude, he had
characterized the latter only in such manner as his repre-
sentative duty required him to do.
The above is a statement made by Mr. Borlinqahe in
reference to the passage in his late speech which referred
to Mr. Brooks. It is in the handwrtting of Mr. Speaker
Banks, and was acknowledged by Mr. Burlinoame in our
presence and was satisfactory to us as friends of Mr.
Brooks. W. W. BOYCE,
THOMAS S. BOCOCK.
jolt 15,1856.
DEFENSE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
SPEECH OF HON. L. M. KEITT,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the*House of Representatives,
July 16,1856,
On resigning his seat as a Member of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress.
Mr. KEITT said:
Mr. Speaker: I shall proceed to-day to dis-
charge a task which has been hanging over me
much longer than I wished. Had I replied to
the attacks upon the revolutionary history of
South Carolina immediately after they were
made, I should have repelled them with more
violence than I shall use now. I feel, sir, that
I approach a grave discussion, and that it is my
■ duty not to discolor historical facts with violence,
or prejudice the verdict of posterity through ex-
travagance. To-day I speak for South Carolina
—for her dead and her living; for her dead, be-
cause their patriotism and sacrifices have been
questioned; for her living, because their revolu-
tionary titles have been denied.
Sir, if, in the course of the vindication of my
State, I shall be compelled to strip the fig-leaved
garments of pharisaical righteousness and hypo-
critical sanctity from the shoulders of another
State, the fault, if fault there be, is with others.
The sages and patriots of the Revolution reared,
through their common struggles and common
sacrifices, an august and splendid temple, into
which each of the confederated States entered,
and hung up along its walls her battered shields,
inscribed with memorials of valor and a blazon-
ry of fame. In the early days of the Republic,
no one approached this sanctuary but with rever-
ent feelings and holy tread; but recently the
magic circle of sanctity, which gratitude and
reverence had drawn around it, has been rudely
broken, and licentious utterances have echoed
along its walls. Within its very " holy of holies ''
we have seen American legislators, dressed up in
the cast-off garments of Fred Douglass, distribute
among dupes and victims broken victuals from
the feasts of Abby Folsom and William Lloyd
Garrison. Sir, from one portion of the walls of
this temple I shall to-day endeavor to efface the
stains of these lepers of history.
I shall now proceed to array the chargtes which
have been made against the course of South Car-
olina in the Revolution, and then summon an
impartial history to refute them. As they have
been drawn from the authority df a Mr. Lorenzo
Sabine, the historian of*American Loyalists, I
shall at once go up to him.
He says " South Carolina did not—she could
not—defend herself against her own Tories."
Sir, I admit that there were Tories, large bands
of Tories, in South Carolina throughout our rev-
olutionary war. During that struggle she had
at the same time to contend against a powerful
foreign enemy and a vindictive domestic faction,
while efren the horrors of such a conflict were
intensified by the-merciless cruelty of the savage,
subsidized to his fellest warfare. Sir, the most
awful of all calamities are those of civil war, and
the vials of these were in the Revolution unsealed
and poured upon the devoted head of my native
I State. There is not within her limits a rivulet
which was not crimsoned with patriotic blood—
not a spot which did not witness some memorable
deed—not a stone which has not its story to tell.
Her patriots, soldiers, and sages—these her grand
old men, now housed in the Pantheon of history—
before any court on earth'will prove her title to
revolutionary peerage.
' Was it unnatural that there should be Tories in
South Carolina during the Revolution? What
does Mr. Sabine say? He says:
" The population of South Carolina, composed as it was
of emigrants from Switzerland, Germany, France, Ireland,
and the northern colonies of America, and their descend-
ants, was of course deficient in the necessary degree of
homogeneity, or sameness of natnre, to insure any consid-
erable unanimity of political sentiment. It is true, how-
ever, that individual men took an early, a noble, and a
decided stand against the oppressive measures of the British
ministry. It is equally true that South Carolina was the
first State of the thirteen to form an independent constitu-
tion, and that she overpaid her proportion of the expendi-
tures of the war in the sum of $1,205,978."
The revolution in South Carolina was conceived
and organized by the native population. The
Germans knew that the King of England was &
Prince of Hanover; the Scotch, always loyal,
turned to the Crown; the commercial population,
mostly Scotch and English, were opposed to the
Patriots. The symbol of independence was raised
aloft by the native citizens of Carolina, and by
them it was triumphantly carried through the
war.
Nor was her diverse population the only ele-
ment of distraction. The very causes of the Rev-
olution created division within her limits. How-
does Mr. Sabine sum up these causes ? He saya
of the legislation which produced them:
" They forbade the use of water-falls, the erecting of ma-
chinery, of looms and spindles, and the working of wood
and iron ; they set the King's arrow upon trees that rotted
in the forest; they shut out markets for boards and fish, and
seized sugar and molasses, and the vessels in which thesa
articles were carried; and they defined the limitless ocean
as but a narrow pathway to such of the lands that it em-
bosoms as wore the British flag."
South Carolina suffered no grievance from thia
legislation—she employed no machinery—she
sent out no rival ships—she lost no vessels by
capture; Great Britain bought, at her wharves,
all her staples, and paid her remunerating prices.
When pirates infested her coasts, British fleets
swept them away; when Spaniard or savage as-
sailed her peace, British troops repelled them.
She was the favored colony of Great Britain, and
into her lap was poured the cornucopia of ma-
terial plenty and prosperity. Her sons suffered
alone from disabilities imposed upon native intel-
lect. Great Britain, from immemorial Visage,
governed her colonies in Parliament. This shut
out native intellect in Carolina (I mean both the
Carolinas) from those offices and honors to which
it aspired, and to which it was capable.
The sonsof the wealthy familiesin those colonies
were educated in the universities of Great Britain,
and were eminently qualified forcivil and political
trusts. From these they were excluded, and
they threw off the tyranny upon intellect. Mas-
sachusetts embarked in the Revolution for water-
falls, spindles, and merchant craft; South Caro-
lina engaged in it for the royalty of mind.
Sir, is it surprising that, with a diverse popu-
lation, and an appeal only to native mind and
ambition, and that, too, against pecuniary and
commercial interest, there should have been divis-
ion in South Carolina? Division there was; but
the constituted authorities of the State committed
her, from the first, to the revolutionary movement,
and she neither wavered nor faltered throughout
its progress.
Are the claims of a State to be adjudged by its
settled policy, or by opposition to that policy ?
Can a State be known otherwise than through its
constituted authorities ? Can history claim juris-
diction over other than its organized action ? How,
then, can a vindictive domestic factibn within
her limits qualify the claim of South Carolina to
revolutionary nobility? The imputation upon
her because of this faction is grossly unjust. _
Sir, it is fashionable in Massachusetts to claim
the whole credit of beginning the revolutionary
struggle. It is fashionable in Massachusetts to
regara the battle of Bunker Hill as the whole
revolutionary war. Obliging historians and a
self-gratulatory parish have mutually compli-
