1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 8,
circumstances. I do not say that I should always
be willing to approve, under all circumstances,
euch.a mode of getting up a constitution, but I
think the circumstances then existing there well
justified the attempt. If I believed it did express
the, opinion of a majority of the people, then I
should not mind what violence had since occurred
to drive the people away. If it was the will of
the people, then it seems to me I am well justi-
fied in sustaining it. What do you find in truth ?
We understand, from the report of the committee
of the House of Representatives, that there were
one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one votes
cast for the ratification of that constitution, and
but forty-six against it. I have no doubt that
those who Were in favor of establishing slavery
did not attend that election to any considerable
extent; but they were invited to do it. The
election was ope  to everybody residing in the
Territory, and that is all you can ever have at
any election. How many were there of them?
The utmost that can be made out at any time,
by any vote—after striking out those who were
proved to have come from abroad, armed for the
occasion—is six hundred pro-slavery voters.
Besides the one thousand seven hundred and
thirty-one votes cast for the constitution, the
ballot-box at Leavenworth was destroyed. Judg-
ing from the votes given in that precinct on other
occasions, there must have been at least five hun-
dred votes, and a large proportion of them for the
constitution, destroyed. There were, therefore,
clearly more than two thousand votes cast in that
Territory in favor of the constitution at that
time on an invitation freely given to all people, and
the ballot-boxes open to all, when, from the best
evidence we can get, there could not have been
more than six hundred opposed to it, even if all
the men in favor of the establishment of slavery,
as manifested by their votes on other occasions,
had voted against it. Then, to my mind, the
evidence is clear, that that is in all probability a
better expression, and a more favorable manifest-
ation of the state of opinion there on this question,
than can be obtained by any experiment which
can be attempted now in the present state of
affairs.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I was not pre-
sent during any part of the discussion oil the
Senate bill now offered as an amendment, nor
did I vote upon it. That produces the disadvan-
tage in my case of being somewhat uninformed
with regard to the facts as well as the views pre-
sented by Senators. It yields, however, this
countervailing advantage, namely, that I have not
participated in the excitements which I am told
nave attended this debate. I feel—at least 1 think
that I feel—perfectly impartial, and entirely un-
affected by the prejudices on this subject, which
are so natural; and in truth 1 may say that I think
I am so, even without reference to my absence
during that debate.
I acquiesced in the original bill,called the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, with much reluctance. I may
say that, for 1 believe it is very well known, and
I hope I shall not be supposed to be asking to be
excused ill any degree for any mistake 1 may
have made by voting for that bill. I take my full
share of the' responsibility, and of the conse-
quences, whatever they may be; but it is a fact,
that 1 acquiesced withgreat reluctance m the pas-
sage of that bill. I am not, therefore, one of the
ardent and extreme friends of the measure; and I
think I lookat this subjectas itis nowpresented,
without the influences which are apt to be created
by one's having been a partisan in the course of
a two years'struggle overagreat public measure.
The question piesents itself to me in this way: I
There is a state of things existing in one of the j
Territories of this Union of a very formidable 1
and distressing character. It is alleged that the j
settlers in the Territory of Kansas have not been ]
permitted to organize their Territorial Legislature !
by free and fair elections; that certain outside
barbarians—" border ruffians," I believe they are
called—have made irruptions into that Territory,
and subdued the real bona fide settlers; that they
have usurped the power of the people of the Ter-
ritory; have forced a Legislature upon them by
fraud and violence, which has enacted a variety
cfiaws tending to the oppression of the settlers,
and which have resulted in a condition of anarchy
whicli is said to be'unexampled, in this country
at least.
That is the condition of things alleged. I will
take it to be entirely true, for the sake of the
argument. We are all called upon, if this be
true, to do something to put an end to such a
state of things, which is assuredly very disreput-
able, not only to the people there engaged, but
to the power of this country, which, unless we
act, would seem to be incompetent to redress so
great an evil.
Now, there are but two modes proposed of
redressing these evils. We all know that the
settlers in Kansas are divided into two parties;
a portion of them desire to found a State from
which domestic servitude shall be excluded; an-
other portion desire to see slavery established
within its limits. One portion has been reinforced
by emigration from the North—an increase of
population which it is alleged has not gone
there in the natural flow of emigration and settle-
ment, but has been induced to go by invitations
held out, by privileges proposed, by aid advanced,
and certainly by a desire on the part of those
who were dissatisfied with the original act to
have as many settlers brought into the Territory,
by hook or by crook, as would favor the estab-
lishment of a free State. On the other hand, it
is alleged, and I believe it is true, that individuals
have gone from the southern States who probably
would not have gone there if it had not been for
the political struggle of which that Territory was
the scene. Be that as it may, everybody must
admit the evils now existing in that Territory;
that violence prevails, more or less, over law;
that cultivation is checked, if not wholly stopped;
that industry is paralyzed; that society is broken
up into hostile and exasperated parties, and peace
and prosperity banished from the bordeis of a
very beautiful country; and the only question
now is, what is the remedy for all these evils?
Two remedies are proposed. One has come to
us from the House of Representatives, and is
urged by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] who represents the minority of the Com-
mittee on Territories; the other remedy is pro-
posed by the majority of the committee. What
is the first? It is to admit Kansas into the Union
as a State, with a constitution called the Topeka
constitution. LIow was that formed ? Not with
any legislative sanction of the General Govern-
ment or the territorial government; nnr by Pres-
idential sanction, not by gubernatorial sanction,
not by the sanction of any officer whatsoever
having, or pretending to have, any right or author-
ity in the matter. It is not denied that this con-
vention was the work of a portion of the people
only, without the participation and against the will
of the rest of the settlers: the paity thus setting
up the convention atTopeka as clearly trampling
on the rights of those who did notparticipate, and
setting at defiance the authority of the organic law
of the Territory, as the "border ruffians" are
said to have trampled on the rights of the actual
settlers of Kansas. That convention and all its
actings and proceedings are as much without
validity and authority as even the actings and
doings of the so-called bogus Legislature of Kan-
sas are said to be. They propose to break into
the Union, leaping over all the barriers of law
and order and justice, and we are called upon to
sanction that as a remedy for those evils to which
it may well be compared.
What guarantee have we that we should put an
end to this condition of things if we did adopt
this as a remedial measure? What guarantee
have we that lawless proceedings would cease,
that men would not be stabbed or shot in the sun-
light, that houses would not blaze at midnight,
that force and fraud would not control elections—•
what giterantee have we of all this ? The bill pro-
poses nothing as a remedy for that. It leaves
matters just as bad as we find them, only wo
clothe the Territory with a new form, give it a
new dignity, and say it shall come into the Union
with all these sins on its head; thus punishing
one set of alleged violations of law and justice by
indorsing, approving, and rewarding another
clear usurpation of authority.
The Senator from Vermont said, this is a con-
sequence of your conduct two years ago in pass-
ing the Kansas-Nebraska act, and the remedy is
to retrace your steps. But, in the first place, let
me say that I do not see that it was the necessary
and legitimate consequence of that act. For in
the other Territory (Nebraska) there has been no
such commotion; we hear of no stabbings and
house burnings, no frauds at elections, no irrup-
tion of border ruffians. It has gone on smoothly
and peaceably in the unchecked flow of immigra-
tion and settlement. The law, then, the principle
of the act, has operated as we should desire it to
do in the Territory of Nebraska. For some rea-
son or other—not because of the principle of the
bill—that has not been the result in Kansas.
Then, sir, the bill which we are urged to pass,
as it comes from the House, does not propose to
retrace our steps. It proposes a different course,
and one which, as I have said, does not indicate
the probability of any termination to these con-
flicts and outrages. It proposes that this Gov-
ernment shall take sides with one party to these
civil commotions, and throw its might into the
scale. But the bill reported by the committee,
which is, in my opinion, a very great concession
by those who are considered the extreme friends
of the measure, does propose remedies which are
as effectual as it is possible for legislative sanc-
tions to be effectual. It is not always possible,
I know, sir, to enforce the law, however honestly
made, however faithfully it may be desired and
intended that it shall be carried out. You can-
not always govern the passions of a people; and
you cannot always, even by the strong arm of
law, put down lawless violence. Periods occur
in all Governments, free or not free, in which
outrage triumphs over law and order. But as
far as legislative sanction can affect it, it does
seem to me that this amendment—I have read it
only recently I admit—provides all the remedies
which are competent, and that the natural and
probable operation of it will be to restore pcace
and harmony, which, I think, is, and which cer-
tainly ought to be, the desire of every member
of this body, and of every patriotic heart in the
Union.
It proposes that the Territory of Kansas shall
be allowed to come into the Union as a State,
with a constitution to be properly made by a
convention elected fairly by the settlers of that
Territory. It does not design to take advantage
of the alleged absence of great numbers of these
free-State voters, who, it is said, have been ex-
pelled by violence; but there is a provision in the
bill which meets that case. Whosoever, being,
or having been, a bona fide resident of the Terri-
tory, has been driven without its limits, by force
or intimidation, it is provided for him, by this
bill, that he shall be allowed to return, and, under
the sanction of law, as peremptory as it can be
made, he is to have the privilege of his vote. If
these sanctions of law be not peremptory and
effectual, it behooves gentlemen who object to the
bill to point out some means in which they can
be made more effectual. If they cannot be made
more effectual, it is not the fault of Congress, but
results from the impossibility of so arranging
human laws that they may have a full and fair
operation, in spite of any cunning contrivance or
popular resistance.
The committee's amendment seeks to preserve
the purity of the elective franchise, and the rights
of every duly-qualified voter; and for this purpose
directs the appointment of five commissioners, to
be nominated by the President, and confirmed by
the Senate, who are to be sworn to support the
Constitution, and discharge the duties enjoined
upon them by the act to the best of their skill and
judgment. They are required to make a full and
faithful enumeration of the legal voters resident
in the Territory on the 4th of July of the present
year; to make lists of all the voters in the respec-
tive districts, naming each one; to send copies of
these lists to every clerk of a court in the Terri-
tory, which officer is to file and keep these lists
open to the inspection of every inhabitant; other
copies of these lijts are to be posted up in at least
three places most public in each voting precinct.
The time of the sitting of the commissioners is
prescribed, and full opportunity is afforded for
correcting these lists; and, besides the means of
publicity which I have mentioned, copies are to
be " printed and distributed generally among the
inhabitants of the proposed State." These com-
missioners are to apportion the representation of
the different counties fairly, according to pre-
scribed rules. They are to appoint the judges of
the elections. No one is to be allowed to vote
except such as have been recorded in these printed
lists.
