1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
Penalties of fine and imprisonment are provided
for all who may attempt, by force, menace, intim-
idation, or other unlawful means, to hinder the
free exercise of the elective franchise. It pro-
vides, also, penalties of fine and imprisonment
for all spurious or fraudulent voting, and for
voting more than once. Indeed, sir, it seems to
me that these provisions have been conceived and
drafted in a spirit of fairness, and with an evi-
dently sincere desire to preserve the purity of the
elective franchise, to give to the true sentiment of
the majority of the qualified voters its full and
proper effect, to favor no party over another, to
prevent foreign interference, and to secure gener-
ally the fauhful operation of the act, and to enable
the real settlers of Kansas to form for themselves
a State constitution such as they approve. How
well does all this contrast with the manner in
which the Topeka constitution was formed—by
the unauthorized action of a political party, who
were but a portion of the people of the Territory!
That constitution was made last August. A
larger population has come in since; and of these,
as of the others, every white male citizen of the
United States, over twenty-one years of age, who
was a bona fide resident of the Territory on the
4th of July, and who has resided three months
before the election in the county in which he
offers to vote, shall be entitled to vote. This ex-
cludes only a few aliens, who were entitled under
the original act; and this is, in my opinion, an
obvious improvement.
Then the obnoxious laws which, it is said, ope-
rate to destroy the value of the elective franchise,
are m effect repealed. It is true we do not use the
word " repealed." The laws are not set forth in
totidem verbis, but they are sufficiently described
by their character and effect. The test oaths i
which were objected to, which were required to
be taken, not only by ail attorney before he could
be allowed to practice his profession, but by a
juror before he could serve on a jury, and also
required of the voter, are all made null and void
in effect; for, says the provision of the Senate
bill,
" An law shall be made or have force or effect in said
Territory which shall require a test oath or oath to support
any act of Congress or other legislative act as a qualifica-
tion for any civil office or public trust, or for any employ-
ment or protection, or to serve as a juror, or vote at an
election, or which shall impose any tax upon,or condition
to. ilie exercise of the right of suffrage by any qualified
voter."
So the law which has been objected to as im-
pairing freedom of speech, restricting the right
to discuss certain subjects oi a public character,
is equally and effectually repealed by this bill.
The people of that Territory now, so far as the
law which we are called upon to pass can secure
it to them, will have the right to the freestexpres-
sion of opinion upon their fundamental institu-
tions and upon the laws which have been passed
by the Territorial Legislature. No one can doubt
that that is the force and effect of the language of
this bill. It was not necessary to set out at full
length the obnoxious statutes, and then repeal
them formally, but we have repealed them by a
short cut just as surely as if we had multiplied
the words into the length of a congressional
speech, declaring that no law imposing any test
oath shall have any force and effect in this Terri-
tory. It is the duty of the judiciaryto enforce
the"acts which we may pass, and doubtless they
will do It. If they do not, they will be guilty of
a base violation of their solemn duties, for which
they must expect to receive, and I trust will not
fail to receive, the reproach justly due to iniquit-
ous violation of official duty, and the severest
punishment known to our laws. But I do not
doubt the bench will do its duty, so that this
source of outrages and violences which have been
complained of is dried up by this bill, unless its
operation shall be perverted in some manner
which I cannot imagine.
That is not all, sir. The bill, by the last sec-
tion, expressly enacts, that upon the application
of the board of commissioners, whose appoint-
ment is directed in anothcrsection, the President
shall be authorized and required to employ such
military force, according to existing laws, as he
may deem necessary to secure the full execution
IIf the provisions of the bill. Some gentlemen
think that the President of the United States can-
not be trusted. Sir, we are compelled to trust
him; and I, for my own part, do not doubt that
he will endeavor to perform his duty faithfully
and honestly. I have no doubt he will select these
commissioners—indeed I believe he is pledged, if
not by the bill, at all events by his declarations
reported to us by the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] to select them from those who are
not residents of the Territory, and who are of
such character for integrity and vigor as to be
likely to perform their duties honestly and effi-
ciently. What motive can he have to do other-
wise ? How great are all the motives to induce
him to make such appointments as will be hon-
orable to himself, just to Kansas, and likely to
secure the faithful execution of the law ! If this
expectation be disappointed, yet, sir, we are
obliged to trust the execution of the laws to the
Executive, and we are not entirely remediless.
The Constitution which puts the nomination of
such officers in his hands, also gives to the Sen-
ate a check upon hirn. Every one here who has
any suspicion that the President will be unfairly
operated upon in the selection of the commission-
ers, will have the opportunity to scrutinize his
appointments—to make any objection -whatsoever;
and I trust we have not come to that pass yet,
when the Senate of the United States shall be re-
garded as so lost to truth and honor, Til lt objec-
tions fairly made to a nominee will not be con-
sidered and allowed to have their ful^ffect. When
it does—when we have arrived at mat point that
the Senate will connive at appointments not hon-
estly made, but designed to defeat their very
object, and to pervert by fraud the palpable pur-
poses of important legislation, we need care
nothing about the Topeka constitution or any
other constitutions—all your institutions will be
rotten, and the sooner they break into fragments
and crumble into dust the better.
The President now is exercising the military
power of the country to keep down disorders. I
understand that bands of pro-slavery men have
been disarmed by the military of the United
States, and bands of men arme3, on both sides.
We know, at least such are the reports from Kan-
sas, that conflicts have been prevented by the
intervention of our troops. Doubtless, if it shall
be necessary, that intervention will be repeated.
There is express authority given by the bill to
the President to use the military force of the
United States to secure the enforcement of the
law which we are now about to pass, I hope. If
we can trust to anything, I think we can trust, at
all events, that the President and the subordinate
officers will endeavor to execute fairly and hon-
estly this bill; but no such promise is held out by
the bill offered on the other side. It does nothing
but sanction a gross irregularity. It does nothing
but introduce into the Union a State, the govern-
ment of which was formed a year ago, and formed
by a portion only of the people of a Territory,
for whom it professes as a whole to be a consti-
tution—without any of the sanctions which give
validity to such proceedings,and which are neces-
sary to secure, as the provisions of this bill do
secure, the free and full expression of the popular
will.
Now, sir, I do not think there is much argu-
ment necessary in a case of this sort. All admit
the difficulties, though not perhaps to the extent
that they are alleged on the one side, and all
admit tlie necessity of a remedy. The remedy
proposed on one side is nothing. It is no other
guarantee than the establishment of a constitution
irregularly formed by a portion only of the set-
tlers. Here is a bill that proposes to give to the
whole number of bona jide settlers full authority
to form a constitution, and furnishes them with
protection while they are proceeding to exercise
the right thus conferred. I cannot hesitate. For
the life of me, I cannot see why any one should
hesitate. It is the only thing that promises a
remedy. I at least am willing to try it with the
hope that it will be effectual, and with the determ-
ination, if it be not, to do whatever else I may
do hereafter to put down so great an evil.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not see the
Senator from Illinois in his place; but I wished,
before saving what little I have to say on this
subject, to propose a single question to him. I
will state it. I understood the Senator from Illi-
nois to ask of what he was pleased to denominate
the Abolition side of the Senate, whether they
were willing to force on the people of Kansas a
constitution which could not be amended for nine
years ? The question I wished to propose to the
honorable Senator from Illinois—1 now see hhrt
here—is, whether, in his opinion, it is in the
power of the people of Kansas, or of Illinois, or
of New Hampshire, or of any State in this Union,
to make a constitution which the people of that
State have not the power to amend within ninety,
or within nine years, if they see fit?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection to
answering the question. If the constitution of a
State makes no provision for amendments, it is
in the power of the people to take steps to change
their organic law; it then must be a revolutionary
movement; but if the constitution of a State pro-
vides a means and mode of amendment, it is very
clear that any other mode than that pointed out
is a direct revolutionary act, not authorized ex-
cept in cases which would justify revolution itself.
In this case of the Topeka constitution there are
two modes of amendment pointed out in it. The
one is a proposition to amend, having passed one
branch of the Legislature by a two-third vote;
then it goes to the other branch, and if there
adopted by two thirds, it is to be submitted to the
next Legislature. If passed at the next Legis-
lature by two thirds of both Houses, it is to be
submitted to the people; and, if adopted by a.
majority of the people, becomes a part of the con-
stitution. That is the provision; but the same
clause provides that no amendment shall be made
in this manner, nor shall any convention be called
to make any change of the constitution until 1865.
Thus, while it provides for a mode of change, it
expressly provides that no change shall take place
until 1865—positively forbidding it.
Mr. HALE. If it is in the power of a conven-
tion, or of a people, to form a constitution, and
provide that it shall not be amended in any way
for nine years, of course they may provide that
it shall not be amended for ninety years, or for
any given time. I do not believe in any such
power.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point here is this: every
man acting under it is required to take a solemn
oath that he will support this constitution, which
provides that no change shall be made m it for
nine years. Thus you bind all your men by oath
that they will not change it for nine years.
Mr. HALE. I do not so understand it. I am
reminded that the last great reform made in the
constitution of the State of New York was by a
convention called, not in accordance with the
forms of" the then existing constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. Did that prohibit a conven-
tion ?
Mr. HALE. I do not know.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There was no provision in
the constitution of New York forbidding any
amendment for nine years.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I shall not follow out
that point. I do not believe there is such a power
in the people of a State or Territory, and I have
not heard of the attempt since the time when the
Greek lawgiver, Solon, made the Athenians
swear that they would never alter the constitution
he gave them until he got back, as he was going
on a certain journey. He then went and drowned,
himself, determined never to return back; and,
therefore, of course, on this argument, the people
of Athens, from that day to this, are held and
bound never to alter a constitution.
Now, sir, I am going to answer a few of the
objections which have been suggested by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, or some of the
positions he assigns to those of us who sit on
this side of the Chamber. He says, that one of
the objections stated by me was a want of confi-
dence in the President of the United States to
carry out this enactment, if adopted. That is
true; but I do not stand up here to rail against
the President of the United States. The objec-
tions which I have brought against him are. spe-
cific, not general. I think I have done justice to
the President. I did it when he was iathe zenith
of his power. I did it when the star of Ins hope
was in the ascendant. I did it when he was the
rising sun to whom all bowed. I did not believe
then that he would be renominated, and I thought
it was a Kindness in me to tell him so. I did say
so; but I do not believe that he took it as a kind-
ness. History has vindicated the justice of the
position which I took. I believe, sir, that I have
never said anything against the President of the
