1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Unitetl States, except that, upon the very subject
which is brought in issue by this bill, he was not
to be trusted.
I thought that in his annual message he took a
very unjustifiable course. I thought the re-
proaches which he flung at our common State,
and at the northern States, were obnoxious to all
that I said of them, and a great deal more if I had
pleased to say it. But, sir, beyond that I have
never gone. I am not one of those who have in-
dulged in an indiscriminate abuse of the President
of the United States. I know what belongs to
this place, and to his place, better than to do any
such thing. I think i can do justice to all the
high traits of his character which were alluded
to by the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] the other day. I am not so much of
a Democrat but that I believe in stock—I mean
good stock; and the President comes of a good
stock—some of the best that we have in New
Hampshire—the very best that we have anywhere
—he comes of the revolutionary stock. His hon-
ored father commenced at Bunker Hill, and con-
tinued fighting the battles of the country until
the treaty of peace was signed, and I believe the
President is as patriotic a man as his father was.
I have netfer said the contrary. I said this when
he was a candidate; I said it when he hoped to
be a candidate again; and I say it now, when
there is so little reverence paid to him, that you
ride rough-shod over his vetoes with only a little
band of about eight standing here to guard him.
My voice is the same under all these circum-
stances, and I shall say it when the band gets to
be less than eight.
But, sir, I said that on this subject I could not
trust him; and I cannot trust him notwithstand-
ing the honorable Senator from Michigan comes
in to indorse him. Let me read you another
pledge of the President of the United States made
on the 6th of December, 1853:
" When the grave shall have closed over all who are now
endeavoring to meet the obligations of ditty, the year 18«">0
will be recurred to as a period filled with anxious apptehen-
sion. A successful war had just terminated. Peace brought
with it a vast augmentation of territory. l)wtm bmg ques-
tions arose, bearing upon the domestic institutions of one
portion of the Conlederaey, and involving the constitutional
ngiits of the States. Jlut, notwithstanding dillcreii'vs of
opinion and sentiment, winch then existed in itJ.uion to
details and specific provisions, the nerpne--cencp of distin-
guished citizens whose devotion to the Union can never be
doubled, has given renewed vigor to our institutions, and
restored a sense of iepose and .sceuuty to the public intnd
throughout the Confederacy. That this repose is to suiter
no shock during my official term, if t have power to avert
it, tli0f>e who placed me here may be a&Mircd."
I shall enter into no controversy with anybody
about how that pledge has been redeemed. lean
only express the conviction of my own under-
standing upon it, that it has been a miserable fail-
ure; it has not been redeemed. That is my judg-
ment. It stands amongst the broken promises
that politicians are apt, to make when they are in
power or seeking power. I believe he lias most
signally failed to keep it; and 1 believe that the
want of repose now felt by the country, which is
admitted by the eloquent and able Senator from
.Maryland, [Mr. Pkarce,] and to which none of
us can close our eyes, is to be traced solely and
entirely to the want of fidelity of the President of
the United States to that pledge which he solemnly
made to this people m the first message which ho
submitted to the national Congress.
I may be mistaken in all this. It is a matter
of judgment; it is a matter of opinion upon the
existing state of things. That is the way it pre-
sents itself to my mind. That is the way I read
the present. That is the way I believe the page
of history is to be made up; and believing that,
and having this light—having the great light which
Patrick Henry said was the only light he knew
to walk by—the lamp of experience—I distrust
exceedingly the professions of the impartiality
with which this bill is to be carried out, if we place
the power in the President's hands. That is one
of my reasons, and it is a very potent one. I
said—I took pleasure m saying it—and 1 repeat it,
though I subjected myself to censure from some
of my over-zealous friends for saying it—I did
think that this bill, separated from its precedents,
or from the facts that have preceded it, and from
its surroundings, and from the Executive that is
to cairy it out, was a fair bill on its face, and if
there were not the extraordinary state of things
of which we have complained, it would be, with
some few amendments that ought to be made,
nearly unexceptionable. I did not say, however,
what the Senator from Illinois put in my mouth,
because I never could have forgotten myself so
much as to say that it was a better bill than 1 ex-
pected coming from the source it came from. I
could not have said that. I have too much re-
spect for him, for myself, for the Senate, to speak
of anybody with whom I associate on this floor
as a member, to say that. I will tell you what I
said. I said that, on the whole, it was a very
fair bill—a fairer bill than I expected from the
latitude from which it came.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stand corrected. I believe
the Senator said " latitude" and not "source,"
but I used "source" as meaning the southern
country; I supposed it meant the same thing. I
did not consider it as applicable to me, but to the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HALE. As a matter of taste, I think
" latitude" is better.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think so.
Mr. HALE. But, sir, I desire to put my opin-
ions forward as plainly, without giving just ex-
ception to anybody, as I can. That objection
remains in all its force; and it was to obviate this
difficulty in the bill that I moved to amend it by-
striking o9t the 4th of July, 1856, and inserting
the 1st of April, 1857. That failed, and my ob-
jection remould.
Now, the senator from Illinois, pursuing his
appeal to these factious Abolitionists, says the
obnoxious laws have been stricken out. I do
not so look upon il. I am going to deal fairly.
In this bill there is a general amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Geyer.'J It is general in its character, and I
believe no more specific than the Constitution of
the United States. I proposed, and my honor-
able friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster]—if
he will allow me to call him so—proposed some
specific amendment. They weio voted down,
and voted down on intimation made by the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
and assented to, as I understood, by those who
voted with him, that a specific repeal of those
laws was not necessary, because they were re-
pealed by this general provision which had been
inserted on the motion of the honorable Senator
from Missouri; but let us look at it, and see
whether it be so.
I believe it is a pretty general rule for inferior
judicial tribunals, m administering law, (at least
it is so in that part of the country where I have
been most conversant with the courts, and if iris
not so elscwhoie, I should be glad to be correct-
ed,) to say, "While there is a statute on the
statute-book, we are to construe it as the law of
the land, until the court of superior, or appellate,
it or final jurisdiction, pronounce it to be unconsti-
i| tutionai." it is generally conceded to be the
j safest way for judges of mferiorand limited
;| jurisdiction to take the statute as they find it,
|| until a court having final or appellate jurisdiction
j; overrule it. That may not be universal, but it is
|' the practice generally m the part of the country
U win-re 1 have piacticcd law—i* it not?
|| Mr. DELL, of New Hampshire. Yes, sir.
l! Mr. HALE. It is not universal, I grant; but
! from a pretty intimate acquaintance with courts
for twenty or twenty-live years, that has been the
i1 general practice in courts where I have seen law
|j administered. The chiefjustice m Kansas, I be-
■ lieve, is from Maryland, i do not know what the
;| practice is there; but this judge from Maryland
il hasgivensome instructions to the grand jury upon
J what constitutes the crime of treason, and if he
■ I goes quite as wild or nearly as wild on this sub-
ject as he has done on the law of treason, God
only knows what he may instruct a jury in refer-
ence to this matter. He may instruct them that
these laws, being on the statute-book, are consti-
tutional, and are not inconsistent with the general
provisions introduced into the amendment oifered
11 by the honorable Senator from Missouri,
li Now, if you really and bona jide intend to re-
;i peal those laws—if you intend to remove these
obstructions, and restore freedom of speech, why
\'< not say so? "Why not abrogate the precise laws
j. which you intend to reach by this rather loose
:s mode of dealing with them ? It seems to me that
i the more direct and more proper and more obvious
i way would be, if you intend to remove these
1 objections, to say so directly and distinctly at once,
i Besides, if the honorable Senator from Vermont
will excuse me for it, I wish to dwell a moment
on a suggestion that he has dwelt upon, and that
is this: by removing these obnoxious laws you
have not done the first thing towards giving per-
mission to free-State men now in exile to go back.
Why ? Because they have not been driven out
lawfully, but lawlessly, and have been deprived
by men there of the exercise of their legal and
constitutional rights. What do you do by the
bill ? You simply say that it shall be lawful for
them to go back. It is lawful, whether you pass
the bill or not. I ask the friends of this bill if
they add one feather's weight to the legality of a
single man going into the Territory of Kansas by
the passage of this bill, that he had not before
you passed it? Notat all. What was the objec-
tion then? Why are not these men in Kansas
now? Simply because, by violence, by usurpa-
tion, by illegal oppression, they have been driven
out. The very men who have exercised this vio-
lence on them, and driven them out contrary to
law, are there now to keep them out. And more
than that, since this bill has passed your body,
since it has gone to the other House, we have
information that the violence, instead of being
lessened, has increased; that there now stand on
the borders armed men who, when they moot em-
igrants coming from Massachusetts and Illinois,
or from any of the free States, tell them they
cannot and shall not enter. This violence, instead
of being diminished, instead of being cxercised
to drive people out of the Territory, is exercised,
now that they have been driven out, to keep them
out. Does your bill touch them? No, sir. It
was illegal to drive them out; it is illegal to keep
them out; and just as much illegal without the bill
as with it. Therefore, while the bill holds out
this fair proffer of indemnity to these m^n to go
back and resume their citizenship and exercise
their rights, in reality they are less able to go
back than they were before.
The Senator from Illinois complains that it has
been represented that there was an intention, a
desire, a purpose, by the legislation of Congress,
to make Kansas a slave State. Mr. President, I
have been educated to believe in the wisdom of
that maxim of the common law, which says that
a man intends the natural consequences of his act.
It is not for a man to take a gun and fire into a
e>"owd,and say he did not mean to hurt anybody.
The law says that he intended the natural conse-
quences of his act. If this were a matter that
could be brought before the cognizance of a ju-
dicial tribunal; if the honorable Senator from
Illinois, or any other who voted for the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, were on trial before a
judicial tribunal, would it not put a fair, a legiti-
mate, a legal, and on honest instruction to the
jury to pass on the question, for the judge to
say, " Gentlemen, here was an actprohibitmgthe
introduction of slavery into tho Territories; the
individual is charged with having removed it for
the purpose of introducing slavery into the Ter-
ritories; and itis for you to say whether, 111 taking
ally ;
act?" That is what I mean, when I say it was
tho intention of the act to make a slave State of
Kansas. But, sir, there is one honorable Sena-
tor who has addressed the Senate on this subject,
venerable for his years and his character, who has
spoken with a plainness which became him. I
refer to the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Evans.] In speaking of the charge
that there was a desire on the part of the South
to introduce slavery into Kansas, that honorable
Senator remarked:
<v But it is paid, 1 You are not content to kr'-p your in-
stitutions 111 jour own section, but >ou (.Wire to extend
them to Kansas.' Well, sir, il we deMje to extend riuii
to Kansas, have we not a light to do >o r Does not Kansas
belong m pait to the Louisiana purchase ? [>x] we not pay
equally J I do not say we paid more—but we paid our mil
share of the price of that eomitiy. if gentlemen wi-h to
know why we partu.ularly dc^iie to hut e Kansas, J (,an lUl
them. If the -laveiy agitation had coa-ed. andif,ai erthe
Missouri compromise, those who live 111 the fee States
would have been content to allow things to leniani a* tiiey
! were, there would never have been any movement to
j change that urideibtandni? between the two sections- of the
! country. Hut, mi*, no sooner had thej succeeded m placing
I the >Ii>vourj reliction on our settlement of that mith-
I western country, than both IIou-cs of ConsTO*-- \\e o
I flooded with petition^ to abolish slaveiy in the In-tnet of
! Columbia, to abolL-h what was called tho slave i.-'de be-
j twoon the States, and, more than tint, to aboh-h it m the
! ions and gammons and every other place ovei winch Con-
