1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Toucey, Mr. Wade, etc.
Senate.
before the country in the fullest manner for the
information of the public; and I know of no
mode in which it can be done so effectively as by
sending out the bill itself without note or com-
ment. Let the people judge, from an inspection
of the bill itself,whether we ought to have adopted
it—whether we, who originally proposed to leave
the whole subject of their domestic institutions
to the people of Kansas, intend to carry out that
measure in good faith. For one I was committed
to that measure at the outset, and 1 intended that
the people of Kansas, fairly and freely, without
any external interference from any quarter,
should, as every State does, and as every com-
munity has been accustomed to do from the first
settlement of this country down to the present
time—exercise the right of self-government, and
decide for itself upon its own domestic laws and
institutions.
Sir, I wish to appeal to the people of the coun-
try, by the bill which we have presented, and
now again present, to the House of Representa-
tives, both as an original proposition, and as an
amendment to their bill—whether we do not now
propose to carry out that doctrine fairly and truly
as we avowed ? I desire no better vindication of
my course than that the people shall read this
bill. There was only one objection to it, and
that was the want of numbers; but the House of
Representatives has waived that objection, and
we have waived it. We do so on the ground of
the difficulties now existing in Kansas, and we
apply a remedy. That remedy is, by the action
af the bona fide settlers, forming a constitution for
themselves without external interference, and we
mean to uphold them in their right to form their
own constitution, and to establish their own do-
mestic institutions as every State in the Union now
does, and has hitherto been accustomed to do.
As 1 said before, I wish this bill to go to the
American people. It has been misrepresented;
it is now grossly misrepresented. Instead of
taking the misrepresentation, I wish the bill to go
to the people, that they may see what it is, and
that intelligent men everywhere may understand
what it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him in what particular it
has been misrepresented ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Misrepresented, sir! It is
represented as a mere slave measure; it is repre-
sented as an unfair measure; it is denounced and
misrepresented as designed for other purposes
than to secure to the bona fide settlers of the Ter-
ritory the right of self-government; and there are
thousands who will never know ujatil it is too
late, what is the true character of this bill and
what are its provisions. I desire that the bill
may go before the people at the North, and
throughout the whole North, that they may see
and \cnow who they are who are disposed to
leave it to the people of the Territory to govern
themselves, to make their own laws, to establish
their own institutions, and who propose a differ-
ent and an opposite course. On the one hand, by
the provisions of this bill, there is every guard
arid security which the art of man can devise to
protect the people of the Territory in the exercise
of the right to form their own constitution and
municipal laws.
On the other hand, a revolutionary constitution
is proposed, one which was formed by a part of
the people only near a year ago, by a mere party
movement, without law and against law; which
was attempted to be forced on the people in op-
position to the law of Congress, in direct violation
of its provisions, and for the purpose of overturn-
ing the government which then existed in Kansas;
one which has never received the sanction of those
who submitted to the existing government, nor
of those settlers who have gone into the Territory
since the revolutionary movement began; a rev-
olutionary constitution, therefore, which has
never been submitted to the people of Kansas, nor
assented to by them, and which the whole power
of this Government cannot create for the people
of a Territory, or impose upon them without
their consent. Yes, sir, that pretended constitu-
tion of Topeka provided that a Legislature should
be chosen,and that State officers should be chosen,
and that at a day now past the officers chosen
pnder it should be sworn into office, and enter
upon their official duties, and that the new gov-
ernment should be brought into existence, and
put into action immediately. I know that, after
this had been done by those who Engaged in these
revolutionary proceedings, after their pretended
Legislature had assembled, and their Governor
and other officers had been sworn into office, they
retreated from their position; and Senators on the
other side represented the Topeka constitution as
a provisional arrangement merely, when upon its
face it was not a provisional arrangement. It
purports in and of itself to be a constitution with-
out reference to any consent or action of Congress,
or of the territorial government; to overturn the
existing government; to putinto operation another
government; to supersede the law of Congress;
and the power of the United States; organizing
a territorial government there, and that, too, by
party action, by party resolutions, and by party
committees, without provision of law, when the
whole proceeding could have no more effect than
the action of a fraction of any community against
existing law. I hope, therefore, this motion will
be agreed to; and that the bill as it has passed
the Senate will go before the country. I think
it is an answer to all the speeches which have
been made upon the other side of the question.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. President,
most cheerfully to gratify Senators on the other
side of the Chamber, in circulating before the
country this electioneering document. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut tells us that this bill has
been misrepresented. Misrepresented by whom ?
Misrepresented when? Misrepresented how?
Sir, the bill has not been misrepresented in or out
of the Senate. I am willing to vote for printing
one hundred thousand copies of this bill to go
over the country; and if Senators ask it at my
hands they shall have it. They have put it,
however, on the ground that it is necessary to ex-
plain their position; in other words, that it.is an
electioneering document, to be used before the peo-
ple during the coming Presidential election.
Now I believe that bill is intended—yes, sir,
intended—to carry out, to consummate, to crown
the work which the border ruffians of Missouri
commenced in March, 1855, and the people of the
country so understand it. I have too much con-
fidence in the intelligence of the people of the
country to believe that they can be deceived by
this proposition. Why did not Senators bring
in this bill at an early part of the session, before
Kansas was conquered.? Then the doctrine was
that Kansas must " be subdued," Kansas must
" obey the laws," " the law must be executed,"
and Kansas had not population enough to come
into the Union! Why this change of front now?
Is Kansas " subdued ?" Have you " executed"
your infamous laws ? Does order reign in sacked
and burned Lawrence ? Are the border ruffians
and river pirates satisfied? Are they prepared
now to bring Kansas here clothed in the sable
shroud of slavery..
Since Congress assembled, Kansas has been
twice or thrice invaded. Houses *have been
burned, cities have been sacked, people have been
robbed, plundered, murdered; they have been
driven out of the Territory—they have been ar-
rested on their way to the Territory, disarmed,
and turned back to their old homes. It is under
these circumstances, when a committee of the
House of Representatives, who have spent three
months in that Territory, and have thoroughly
investigated the exact condition of affairs there,
come to the Capitol and tell the House of Repre-
sentatives, the Senate, and the country, that «t
vote cannot be obtained in that Territory which
will now express the real sentiments of the peo-
ple. It is after that report is made—it is with
that fact ringing in the ears of the House, the
Senate, and the country, that we have this propo-
sition brought in at this time to cover the false
position which Senators, for six months, have
assumed. Senators cannot deceive, delude, cheat,
the people by this proposition. The people have
been deceived once. That was your fault. If
they are deceived again, it will be their fault.
Now, sir, I shall vote to send your bill broad-
cast over the land. It will not deceive the peo-
ple. They know the condition of affairs in Kan-
sas. _ They have watche.d your action—they are
reading the report of the committee of the House
of Representatives—they believe that, if this bill
is passed, it will crown the violent efforts made in
that Territory, and bring Kansas into the Union
as a slaveholding State. If Senators on the other
side think they can make anything out of the cir-
culation of this bill, all I have to say to them is,
I will aid them with all my heart, for they need
all the aid_ they themselves, or their friends, or
their enemies, can give them to place them before
( the country, on this Kansas question, in a posi-
tion that shall secure to them—not the confidence
: of the peojile, for that is gone forever—but the
justice of an outraged public sentiment.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have but a
very few remarks to make, because my friend
from Massachusetts has said nearly all that I
could wish to say. I am not averse to your pub-
lishing any numberof this bill. I remember when
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed, there were
extra numbers of it printed; but there was more
color for printing extra numbers of that document
than this, because it had become a law, and I
suppose there is but little probability of this bill
becoming a law. It is, therefore, to be sent forth
as a declaration of the remedy prescribed by the
Democratic party for the evils existing in Kan-
sas. It is their proposition. The original prop-
osition which was brought in by them some
months ago, has gone forth to the people of the
country, and I wish the people to compare the
two documents. That other document proclaimed
to the people what then was the proposition of the
Democratic party. There was no hurry then to
organize a State government in Kansas; there was
not population enough ! My colleague, not more
than five weeks ago I believe, advertised us that
it was an insuperable objection with him that
there was not sufficient population.
Mr. PUGH. My colleague misunderstands
me. My objection to the Topeka constitution
was, that there were not thirty thousand people
in the Territory when it was formed; but since
that time Senators have asserted that there are
more than thirty thousand people in the Terri-
tory. I have never claimed that it was necessary
to nave more than thirty thousand.
Mr. WADE. I have the speech of my col-
league here, and I think I cannot be mistaken
that his language was something like this—that
he had insuperable objections to the passage of
the bill of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward;] and then he went on elaborately to
canvass the fact of what was the number of
inhabitants there; and he said it would be an
insuperable objection with him that there were
not a sufficient number of inhabitants there, and
that it would be a kind pf fraud on the other
States to permit a Territory to come into the
Union as a State having no more population than
Kansas. That was one of his objections. I did
not think it very material whether there was
more or less population there. I think that, gen-
erally, it woula be a very good rule to require
that there should be sufficient population in the
Territory to entitle it to at least one Representa-
tive; but the Constitution requires no such thing.
It must be a matter of expediency, to be judged
of according to the exigencies of the times, in my
apprehension.
But, sir, I wish this bill to go forth to the
country, because it shows a number of important
things. It shows, first, that "the great doctrine"
of which we have heard so much is now entirely
renounced by the Democratic party. You have
i given it up. You have laid it in its political
grave. By this bill you have claimed the right,
not only to make laws for the Territory, but to
repeal laws which their Legislature have already
made. That is one thing of which I am anxious
that you should advertise the people by the pub-
lication of this bill. I wish them to understand
that this doctrine of popular sovereignty meant
nothing except for the time being. It never was
intended to be anything more than a specious
argument to justify the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and when it has performed that
office the doctrine of popular sovereignty is done
away with. This bill asserts, what we have
always claimed, that your Territorial Legislature
was a fraud on the people of the Territory, be-
cause you do not treat it any longer as if you
had a Legislative Assembly there. You take all
