1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. BALL. I have 110 objection whatever to
the course suggested by the gentleman from Ala-
bama. If there is to be any printing, however,
I ask that the letter of our committee to the Sec-
retary of War, with the reply of the Secretary
of War, refusing to communicate the information
asked for, may also be printed.
The resolution was then, by unanimous con-
sent, received, and, with, the letters referred to,
ordered to be printed.
The following are the letters:
Boom of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, Washington, July 3, 1856.
Sir: In addition to the inquiries propounded in the res-
olution adopted by tiie House of Representatives on the
26th of May last, callmg on the President of the United
States for information in regard to the construction of the
Capitol and Post Oftice extensions, the committee desire the
following inquiries answeied, either in connection with the
response to the resolutions above referred to, or m a sepa-
rate communication, as you may prefer, to wit:
The cost of marble worbman&hjp of windows of princi-
pal story, north and south iront?, viz: the cost of the two
jambs with brackets, the ornamental lintel which rests on
the brackets, the pcdimental head, and the inside jambs
and head of each window, including setting, handling,
superintendence, and every expense.
The average cost of the marble of each window as above
described, and the probable amount that said windows
would have cost if they had been executed according to the
specifications attached to Frovest, Winter & Co. 'a contract.
The cost of marble workmanship of each of the east
front doors, embracing the two jambs with brackets, the
ornamented lintel which rebts on the btackets, the cornice,
and all expenses of superintendence, exclusive only of the
sculptured figuies intended to be placed on top.
What has been the additional cost of material in conse-
quence of the alteration of the design of the s=aid front
doors from those mentioned in the contract of Prove&t,
Winter & Co.?
What will be the cost of the plaster models for the sculp-
ture on topof each front door? Who is making them? Are
they completed ? And, also, what will be the cost of the
marble sculpture to be cut from them r
What will the plaster models for the ea&t pediment cost,
and what will be the cost of cuttmg them in marble ?
How much are the plaster casts lor the bronze frontdoors
to co*t, and how much will be the cost of the doors to be
executed from them ?
Aie any of the inner doors to be made of bronze ? If so,
which doors? And how much is the modeling to cost? And
how much the work to be executed from the models ?
How much have the models for the Indian boy and girl
cost? What has been the cost of the niaihle statues cut
from them, and where are these statues to be placed?
What is the total amount already agreed to be paid for
plaster models to Mr. Crawford, at Rome? What the
amount to be paid to Mr. Powers ? And, if agreements have
been made with other sculptors, to what amount, what
for, and where are such models to be executed ?
Is any sculpture to be introduced in the extension of the
Post Office building? If so, what is its chaiacter? How
much is it to co?t ? Was it m the original design of the ar-
chitect adopted by Congress? And if not, by what authority
of law was it mttoduced?
Very respectfully, EDWARD BALL,
It. C. PURYEAR,
LEMUEL TODD,
A. E. ROBERTS,
Members of Ike i>aid committee.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War.
War Department, Washington, J<dy 5, 1856.
Gfntlfmrn : I have received yourletterofthe 3d mutant,
destrmirme to furnish certain information respecting the
Capifol'extension and the Post Office building, in addition to
that requested of the President by the resolution of the
House of Representatives of May 26, cither m connection
with the icsponse to that resolution, or in a separate com-
munication.
In reply, I have to say that it would not be competentfor
this Department, in answering the resolution, to volunteer
statements not inquired byitstenns ; and that, as the House
has, by the resolution mentioned, called upon the President
for certain specific information respecting the bmklmgs m
question, I piefer to make no communications upon the
same subject, to be used in the House, unless required by
the «aine authority.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War,
lions. Edward Ball, II. C. Puryi.ar. Llmcki, Todi>, A.
E. Robfrts, of the Committee on Public Buildings, House
of Rep) esentalives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask, then, that the resolu-
tion be postponed until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It can only be postponed
when it has been received. Is there objection to
the introduction of the resolution ?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I consent to the introduc-
tion of the resolution, provided the course sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio is pursued.
Mr. BALL. I agree to the postponement of
the resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. The resolution and accom-
panying papers are to be printed in the Globe of
to-morrow morning, and not by the order of the
House. '
Mr. BALL. The House can take whatever
action on the resolution and papers they please.
I only ask that they be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the resolu-
tion and papers be ordered to be printed.
The resolution was received by the Speaker,
its further consideration postponed until to-mor-
row, and, with the accompanying papers, ordered
to be printed.
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House take from the Speaker's table the report of
the select committee to investigate into aif al-
leged assault in the Senate Chamber on Senator
Sumner, by a member of this House, and pro-
ceed to its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions reported
by the majority of the committee are as follows :
Resolved, That Preston S. Brooks be. and he is forth-
with, expelled from this House as a Representative from the
State of South Carolina.
ResolveJ, That this House hereby declares its disappro-
bation of the said act of Henry A. Edmcndson and Law-
rence M. Keitt in regard to the said a-sault.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask that, with the
consent of my colleague of the select committee,
the Clerk will read, as an amendment, offered by
myself, the resolution reported by the minority
of the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. Then I move to strike out the
resolutions reported by the majority, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the resolution reported by the
minority of the committee.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Resolved, That this House has no jurisdiction over the
assault alleged to have been committed by the Hon. F. S.
Brooks, a member of this House from the State of South
Carolina, upon the Hon. Chari.es Sumner, a Senator from
the State of Massachusetts; and therefoie deem it improper
to express any opinion on the subject.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I desire simply to
state that, at this time, I do not propose to ad-
dress the House; but that before the debate closes
I do desire to speak in support of the resolution
of the minority of the select committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose, at this time, to address the House at
length on this subject. Under the rules of the
House, as chairman of the select committee, I am
entitled to close the debate, if I desire to do so.
I do not wish unnecessarily to consume the time
of the House, and at this late day of the session
to delay the regular business. There are many
gentlemen on both sides of the House who are
desirous of being heard on this very important
and very delicate question; and my views have
been presented in the report of the majority of
the committee.
The resolutions proposed by the majority of
the committee are predicated on the complaint
sent to this House from the Senate, charging
that the privileges of that body had been violated
by a member of this House, on the 22d day of
May, by a violent assault, in the Senate Chamber,
upon a Senator from Massachusetts, which, for
the time being, prevented him from the discharge
of his official duties. The testimony presented
to the House is very full on the subject. The
committee have accompanied with their journal
and the testimony in detail, a succinct statement
of the facts.
The facts, Mr. Speaker, as stated in the report
of the majority, are not controverted at all by
the minority of the committee. They establish,
beyond doubt, the truth of the Senate's complaint,
that an assault was committed on the person of
a Senator by a member from South Carolina,
[Mr.Brooks]—a violent assault—one notmerely
depriving lam of the power to discharge the
duties he owed to his State, and his constituents,
and his country, but which endangered his life.
There are circumstances shown by the testi-
mony which fix on two other members of this
House a complicity to a certain extent in this
lamentable affair. The maj ority of the committee,
after a careful and, it seemed to me, an impartial,
consideration of the whole subject, deemed it to
be their duty to recommend to the House the
passage of the resolutions which have been read,
ft will be for the House to declare its own judg-
ment in the premises after discussion and delib-
eration, which, I trust, may be characterized by
that dignity and decorum which is due alike to
the importance of the questions presented and
the character of the American House of Repre-
sentatives.
As I said before, the facts are not disputed in
the report of the minority of the committee: and
the only question presented by them is one of
power—a question of law. The minority of the
committee oceupy the affirmative position in the
discussion of this, the only open question. I
shall listen with attention to the arguments which
may be presented by them and others, which
may tend to show that we are without power to
govern ourselves, and without the power to purge
the body of its unruly members. If this House
has not ihe power to protect its purity and its
dignity, and the privileges of its members, and
of the coordinate branch of the national Legis-
lature, from outrages which practically destroy
the representative power of the people, then we
present to the world the strange anomaly of the
highest legislative bodies in one of the greatest
and most enlightened nations on the face of the
earth attempting to prescribe laws for the govern-
ment of the people, yet stripped of the power to
govern ourselves, or to enforce law and preserve
order within the limits of our Halls. Surely
such cannot be the case. That power does exist.
Mr. Speaker, as I said in the outset, I did not
rise for the purpose of making a speech. At the
close of the debate, should I deem it expedient,
I may desire to be heard in defense of the report
which I have had the honor to submit from the
majority of the committee.
Mr. CL1NGM AN addressed the House for ail
hour upon the subject under consideration. His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot express my sur-
prise at the remarks that have fallen from the
gentleman from North Carolina. He seems to
labor under the impression that the case before
the House is but a simple case of assault and bat-
tery, within the jurisdiction of a justice's court,
and involving ar. most a five-dollar penalty1
The gentleman, sir,by the temper and language
of his remarks, seems to count the guarantees of
the Constitution as but dust m the- balance when
brought in conflict with his overbeaung sectional
prejudices.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to speak a single sentence ? I wish to say that
what I have said, if true, is what would be said of
it at home. That is all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust, sir. that hereafter
the gentleman may exemplii'y by Ins practice that
rule of conduct which he prescribes to others, and
which he thinks should be especially obser\cd
by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
Mr. SusiKF.R. 1 submit to the House that it ill
becomes the gentleman to read lectures of pro-
priety here to others, and straightway himself
indulge in the grossest and most wanton abuse
of an absent man. I should like to know, s;r,
who constituted the gentleman censor upon .the
personal appearance, bearing, and courage of 'die
accomplished Senator from Massachusetts r
The gentleman seems equally at fault in his
estimate of the great character of the Senator,
[Mr. Sosixer,] and of the issues arising out of
that assault upon him which is now the subject
of inquiry before the House. He very broadly
assumes that the people's representatives have
no distinctive privileges as representatives of the
people, except during the actual session of the
House. Until the exigency of this case demanded
it, who ever advanced such an opinion as that?
The fzcedom of speech and the security of per-
son are upon trial to-day. These great rights
underlie and are essential to all representative
Government. Upon their maintenance depends
the life of the State, and without their observance
there can be no free Constitution and no free peo-
, pie. That the representative shall not be ques-
| tioned elsewhere than in and by the body of which
! he is a member, for any speech or dt'oate made
' in his official character, is a principle coeval with
the English constitution, and recognized wher-
ever the common law obtains as a rule of civil
conduct.
The gentleman from North Carolina tells us
that this privilege, as stated in our Constitut'on,
is borrowed " literally from an English statute,"
and that the statute was only intended to pro-
tect members of Parliament from civil liability
in courts of justice for words spoken in debate.
Sir, the gentleman is somewhat at fault in his
