649
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wade, Mr. Wetter, Mr. Bigler, etc.
Senate.
power out of their hands; you legislate over their
heads; and you do right in doing so; but when
you do it, you may as well say directly that you
have no Territorial Legislature there in yourjudg-
ment, for, in fact, you agree with us that it was
a fraud.
My objection to your bill is, that you are in-
flexible upon having it go into operation now
when you have driven the free-State men out of
the Territory—when all their leading men capa-
ble of doing business are imprisoned on false and
miserable pretenses, and those who -are not in
prison are hunted out of the Territory—when
we hear, and have no doubt of it, that there are
persons stationed all along the borders of Mis-
souri to prevent free-State men from going into
the Territory, and who are actually turning them
back. To tell me that any man expects there
will be a fair expression of opinion under these
circumstances, when every person having author-
ity in that Territory is as hostile as death to any-
thing like having a free State there under any
ii*Aif lYtaffl
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The hour fixed
for the consideration of the special order has
arrived, and it must be taken up unless otherwise
directed by the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose that dehate on this
subject is nearly finished, and I ask the Senate,
by unanimous consent, to proceed with it.
Mr. WELLER. Is not this a privileged ques-
tion, being a report from the Committee on Print-
ing?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not a
privileged question.
Mr. HUNTER. This is morning business,
and I think it is obvious that there is going to
be debate upon it. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bigler] wishes to speak. It had
better go over'until to-morrow, when it can be
debated during the morning hoi^r.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that we proceed
with the consideration of this subject. I am
satisfied that the debate cannot last long. I see
that the Senator from Ohio is satisfied to vote
for twenty thousand copies on his own state-
ment, as is also the Senator from Massachusetts.
Why, then, may we not take the vote ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate to continue the consider-
ation of this subject, the Senator from Ohio is
entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to detain the
Senate more than a few minutes longer. I had
almpst finished what I wished to say. I desire
to impress on the Senate, and on the public, that
my objections to your bill are not to be found
particularly on the face of it, as everybody
knows. I object to the bill, because you are
determined that it shall go into immediate oper-
ation, under the circumstances which I have
described, when you know full well that it is
impossible for men in any considerable numbers
from the free States to get into the Territory
now, and be counted there. You keep them out by
armed .bands, by illegal force, by mobs assem-
bled there. You turn them back; you prevent
them from going in. Those from the southern
States are permitted to go in, as we understand,
and I have no doubt that it is true. We read
this in the papers all the while, and it is no-
where contradicted.
That is the st&te of things on the border. Does
any man believe that at present, under such cir-
cumstance^ a convention can be elected to frame
a ?,?nsiU,uUon l^at be a fair expression of the
will of the people of that Territory? I do not
think that any man who has anything like a
lust apprehension of the state of affairs there,
believes any such thing. Then whynot postpone
it until a time when there can be a fair expression
of the will of the people there ? We on this side
of the House endeavored to have that done, but
it was denied to us. You must have the bill go
liito immediate operation now. ffivinfr von tnp
full benefit of all that the border ruffians have
bepn fighting for. It is carrying out the schemes
which they have had in view all the time. It is
precisely what they would ask. They have con-
quered the Territory. Our men are driven out,
disarmed, robbed, disheartened; and directly on
the heels of these proceedings you want to
j organize the Territory into a State, and have an
expression of the will of the conquerors! We
. will never agree to that. This is my principal
objection to your bill. If you would postpone it
until these excitements die away, when^tliere will
be an opportunity for having a fair expression of
opinion, I should not have so strong an objection
to it.
The people there have met in fair convention.
There is no reason to pay to the contrary. All
persons were notified of it. There was nothing
unfair in it. Everybody met and voted who took
any interest in doing so. It was, at all events,
as fair an expression of the will of the people as
has been had in three or four States which have
already come into the Union. It was quite as fair
as that of Michigan, which organized a State
government in the very teeth of the General Gov-
ernment, and in opposition to the wishes of the
executive head of tne Government at the time.
But, sir, I want your bill to go forth to the
people. J want them all to look into it. I want
them to understand the modern version of terri-
torial sovereignty, that there is no insuperable
objection to Congress making needful rules and
regulations in regard to the people of a Territory—
] that the good old Wilmot proviso is perfectly
constitutional and legitimate. As anybody can
infer from your votes on this bill,there is nothing
pertaining to the law-making power in a Terri-
tory which Congress may .not exercise; for you
have exercised it in the passage of this bill. Can
you imagine any higher exercise of legislative
power than for Congress to stand here and repeal
the legislation of a Territorial Legislature ? I can
imagine nothing higher than that. Certainly, if
you can do that, you can do all other species of
legislation that pertains to the Territory. There
can be no doubt of it. This bill contains all these
doctrines, and I say again, send it forth to the
people. Let them read the latest declarations and
opinions of the Democracy upon this subject;
and when the time comes, as I hope it will very
soon, we will restore the goodojd[peaceable doc-
trine of the Jefferson proviso, ana attach it to all
the Territories.
Mr. WELLER. I do not desire to engage in
the discussion of the merits of the bill; I only
wish to say a word in regard to the publication
of it. I am very glad to find that the Senators
from Ohio and Massachusetts are willing to print
twe.nty thousand extra copies of the bill in order
that tne people may understand precisely the po-
sition which a majority of the Senate occupy on
this question. • The Senator from Massachusetts
certainly must know that this bill has been shame-
fully misrepresented—I do not say by any Sen-
ators here, but by the public press of the country
—and I am satisfied from what I have seen, that
there are really some very intelligent editors in
the country who do not comprehend this ques-
tion, who do ..not understand this bill as it has
been passed by the Senate. Why, sir, the mis-
representations of the public'press are of such a
character that no public man dare now go before
an assembly and read a newspaper as authority.
I grant you, this bill will be published in the
newspapers; but where will you find a public
man who will risk his reputation, by reading a
newspaper as authority to sustain any fact which
he may afiirm ? I know that in the State of Ohio
no public speaker dare allude to a newspaper as
authority for any statement he may make. There-
fore it is that I desire to get this bill in an official
form. It will then be a document which cannot
be controverted. The public press very often
misrepresents Senators. They have even gone
so far as to say that the Senator from Massachu-
setts the other day, in a public speech which he
made in the city of Philadelphia, declared that
Mr. Buchanan had affirmed that, if he had a drop
of Democratic blood in his veins, he would let it
out. Now I am sure that is a misrepresentation
of the public press. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is an intelligent man, and never could
have uttered anything so utterly destitute of truth
as that.
I only allude to this to show the misrepresent-
ations of the public press, not only as to public
men, but as to public measures. We desire on I
this side of the Chamber that our position shall j
be understood. Lei; the people read the bill,and '
my word for it they will never give such a con-
struction to it as has been given to it by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] At all events, let
i t go out. We shall meet them at the ballot-box;
we shall argue this question there; and if the
judgment of the people be against it, we shall
submit. We shall not threaten revolution, aa
some of'the leading newspapers on that side have
done. We shall not threaten force and violence.
We shall threaten another appeal to the ballot-
box at some other time.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I have listened
to the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts
with surprise. He has gravely inquired for the
time and occasion when the bill (which it is
proposed to print) was misrepresented. Why,
sir, there can be no difficulty in answering that
question. He has done so liimselfv Immediately
I after making the inquiry, the honorable Senator
asserted, with great earnestness of manner, that
J the intention and purpose of the bill is to carry
■ out the work already commenced by the border
| ruffians of Missouri? Will the Senator say that
such statements are not a palpable misrepresenta-
tion of the measure? Will he pretend that the
! language of the proposed law justifies any such
| conclusion ? What feature of the act has brought
! the Senator to the belief, that the intention is to
carry on the work of usurpation, fraud, arson,
and murderrwhich he has told us has been begun
in Kansas ? What language in the bill looks to
a work of that kind—that justifies, invites, or
countenances it to the slightest extent?
Now, sir, when this measure was first under
consideration, the Senator made astatement sim-
j ilar to that which he has dropped this morning,
j He then said the intention was to bring Kansas
into the Union as a slave State. Will not such
statements be picked up by the press in his part
of the Union, for the purpose of creating the im-
pression that there is some hidden purpose in the
bill calculated to do injustice to a portion of the
people of Kansas? And yet the Senator man-
ifests surprise that misrepresentation should be
anticipated.
Now, sir, I assert, unqualifiedly, that the bill
intends no such purpose as that imputed to it by
the Senator from Massachusetts; and I ask him
to point to the section or clause that justifies his
discretion. Its language and purpose are clear, so
much so, that the wayfaring man cannot misun-
derstand it. It simply intends that the people-—
the bona fide citizens, now in Kansas, shall, by
the expression of their will, uncontrolled, decide
the question of slavery for themselves—shall de-
termine whether they will have the institution
or not. Is this not fair ? Have we not been told
by both sides, that they ask nothing more? Is
this not in accordance with the spirit of the
organic law ?
But we are next told by the Senator from 0hio,
that if a little more time had been given for the
organization of the State under the bill, it would
have been more acceptable. This is not extraor-
dinary logic to coijie from those who insist
upon the admission of Kansas, immediately, on
the Topeka constitution; a measure adopted when
the population was far less than at present, and
which, on the face of the proceedings conneected
with it, only purports to come from a portion of
the people—those not content with the territorial
government. Again, he alleges thata certain class
of the inhabitants have been driven out. The
honorable Senator is certainly aware that the
eleventh section of the bill, as passed by the Sen-
ate, makes provision, that all those who at any
time had been citizens of the Territory, and had
left, temporarily, because of the bad condition of
society, or for any other reason, shall have the
right to return and participate in the election.
Mr. WADE. Does this bill give any addi*
tional right to the people to return there ? Have
they not a right to go there whether your bill
passes or not? Is there anything gained by it I
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly the people can return
to the Territory, whether the bill passes or not;
but that is not the point. The Senator knows
that the 4th day of July, 1856, is named as the
time when the bill shall take effect. Those who
are citizens at that time are to have the right to
vote for delegates. The Senator,and those acting
with him, objected to this feature, alleging that
