1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
select other members of the House as victims for
his vengeance an hour after adjournment on to-
morrow, and so on each successive day, until
he demonstrates the fact—the mournful, humil-
iating fact, that the people's constitutional priv-
ilege of immunity from question in the person
of their representatives for any speech or debate in
either House, is a mockery and a dream—that
they have no higher security against the assaults
of whoever chooses, after adjournment, to arm
himself with a bludgeon for the punishment of the
freedom of speech, than the five hundred dollar
bond required by a justice of the peace. We are
not, sir, reduced to any such extremity. Every
Representative is covered by the shield of the
Constitution from question elsewhere than in and
by the House, for any speech or debate therein.
I cannot assent to the minority's proposition, as
also the proposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina, that a questioning during recess, by any
mode of violence, cannot be punished by the
House, and is not provided against by the Con-
stitution.
Sir, neither the heart nor the understanding of
the American people will assent to a proposition
so monstrous and absurd. I array against it the
usage and practice of our own and all free Gov-
ernments, the opinions of jurists, and the decis-
ions of our highest judicial tribunal.
The practice and usage. I n 1797, W illiam Blount,
a United States Senator, was expelled from that
body by the vote of every Senator save one. His
offense was an attempt to seduce from his duty
an American agent among the Indians, and to
alienate the confidence of the Indians from the
public authorities of the United States. Justice
Story says of this case, (2 Commentaries on the
Constitution, 299:)
" U was not a statutable offense; nor was it committed
in his official character; not was it committed during the
session of Congress; nor at the seat of Government.*' * *
" It seem?, therefore, to be settled by the Senate, upon full
deliberation, that expulsion mav be for any misdemeanor
winch, though not punishable by any statute, is inconsistent
with the trust and duty of a Senator."
In 1808, the Senate moved for the expulsion of
John Smith, (a Senator,) for his participation in
the supposed treasonable conspiracy of Burr.
This motion of expulsion failed only by one vote
of receiving the sanction of two thirds of the
Senate, as required by the Constitution, for ex-
pulsion. And of this case Justice Story says:
"The precise ground of the failuie of the motion does not
appear; hut it may be gathered from the arguments of
coutite>,ihat u did not turn upon any doubt that the power
of the Senate extended to cases of misdemeanor not done
in the presence or view of the body."—•Ibid., 300.
And, commenting further upon these cases, that
learned justice says:
'•The power to expel a member is not, in the British
ilou?e of Commons, confined to offenses commuted by the
|K\uy as. a member, or during the session of Parliament;
bat it extends to all cases where the offense is such as, in
the judgment of the House, unfits him for parliamentary
duties."—Ibid., 300, 301.
In 1796, Gunn and Frclinghuysen being Sena-
tors, the first having -sent—the second having
borne—a challenge to Baldwin, a member of this
House, for a cause not connected with his official
duty, were, upon the report of Mr. Madison,
held guilty of violating the privileges of this
House, and required to answer to the House for
the same. In 1795, Robert Randall attempted to
corrupt a member of this House, for which he
was imprisoned. (2 Story's Commentaries on
the Constitution, 312.) In 1800, William Duane,
for printing a libel against the Senate, was held
guilty of a contempt, and by the order of the Sen-
ate imprisoned. (Ibid., 314.) Blackstone (vol. 1,
165) says:
" To assault, by violence, a member of either House is
a high contempt of Paihament, and there punished with
the utmost seventy. The assault is also punishable m the
eomu of law, by statutes of 5 Ilenry 4, and 11 Henry 6."
Justice Story, after asserting this power to pun-
ish contempts to be fully vested m the Congress
of the United States, well remarks:
" Nor is this power to be received in an unfavorable light.
It is a privilege, not of the members of either House, but
like all other privileges of Congress, mainly intended as a
privilege of the people, and tor their benefit."—2 Story's
Commentaries on the Constitution, 307.
Jefferson, in his Manual, section third, enumer-
ates the powers and privileges of Congress over
their members, and says that " no further law-
is necessary, the Constitution bcin£ the law."
Rawle, in his work on the Constitution, says:
" Expulsion may, however, be founded on criminal con-
duet committed in any place, and either before or after con-
viction, m a court of law."—P. 43,44, 43.
He notices and answers the objection urged
here, that this power impairs the right of trial by
jury. If this objection be well taken, what be-
comes of the express power given to the Senate
in cases of impeachment, wherein no trial by jury
takes place ? Mr. Chancellor Kent, whose lumin-
ous intellect has shed a clear and brilliant light over
the jurisprudence of his country, holds that this
power of the House to punish its own members
and others for contempt rests upon the great prin-
ciple of self-preservation. (1 Kent's Commenta-
ries, 236.) He considers that the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of
Anderson vs. Dunn, (6 Wheaton, 204,231,) by
its reasoning, as well as its absolute authority,
places the power of Congress to punish contempts
and breaches of its privileges on the most solid
foundation. I briefly notice that case. An-
derson was not a member of the House, but at-
tempted to bribe a member, for which the House,
by its Sergeant-at-Arms, arrested him; and for
this arrest Anderson brought his action for false
imprisonment. The court say, in the very able
opinion delivered in the case by Mr. Justice
Johnson,
" It is certainly true that there is no power given by the
Constitution to either House to punish for contempts, except
when committed by their own members. Nor doe< the
judicial or criminal powei given to the United States m any
part, expressly extend to the infliction of punishment for
contempts of either House, or any coordinate branch of the
Government. Shall we, therefore, decide that no such
power exists ?"
The court fully sustain the power of the House,
and answer every objection urged here to-day
by the minority and by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.] The Court
further say:
" The idea is Utopian that government can exist without
leaving the exercise of discretion somewhere. Public se-
curity against the abuse of such discretion must lest on
responsibility, and stated appeals to the public approbation.
Where all power is derived from the people, and public
functionaries, at short intervals, deposititatthe feetot the
people, to be resumed again only at their will, individual
feais maybe alarmed by the monsters or imagination,
but individual liberty can be in little danger." * * " The
science of government is tho most abstruse of all sciences,
if, indeed, that can be called a science which has but few
fixed principles, and practically consists in little more than
the exercise of a sound discretion, applied to the exigen-
cies of the State as they arise. It is the science of experi-
ment." * * " The public functionanes must be left free
to exercise the powers which the people have intrusted to
them."
u That a deliberative assembly, clothed with the majesty
of the people, and charged with the care of all that is dear
to thern, composed of the most distinguished citizens,
selected and drawn together fiom every quarter of a great
nation, whose deliberations are required by the public opin-
ion to be conducted under the eye of the public, and whose
decisions must be clothed with all that sanctity which
unlimited confidence in their wisdom and purity can in-
spire—that such an assembly should not possess the power
to suppress rudeness, or to repel insult, is a supposition too
wild to be suggested. And accordingly, to avoid the pres-
sure of tlie e considerations, it has been urged, that the
right of the respective Houses to exclude from their pres-
ence, and their absolute control within their own walls,
convey with them the right to punish contempts committed
in their pre&ence."
The court then say that this concession of the
power loithin their walls "relinquishes the great
grounds of the argument, to wit: the want of an
express grant, and the unrestricted and undefined
nature of the power here set up. For why should
the House be at liberty to exercise an ungranted,
and unlimited, and undefined power within their
walls any more than without them Vs
The court finally say, upon the question raised of
restricting the jurisdiction of the House for the
punishment of contempts to the District of Co-
lumbia, that there is no reason for such restric-
tion; and the court add—
<£ We know no bounds that can be prescribed to its range
but those of the United States. And why should it be
restricted to other boundaries? Such are the limits of the
legislating poweis of that body; and the inhabitants of
Louisiana or Maine may as probably charge them with
bribery or corruption, or attempt by letter to induce the
commission of either, as the inhabitants of any other sec-
tion ot the Union."
1 conclude, sir, that there can be no question
that this House has the power to punish and
expel its members for breach of its privileges,
for contempt of its authority, and for such high
crimes ana misdemeanors as are inconsistent
with their public trust and duties as members,
whether committed in the presence of the House,
and during its actual session, or not. The opin-
ions of jurists, and the decision of our highest
court, which I have cited, most clearly establish
this.
I consider that, beyond question, the act com-
mitted by tho member from South Carolina I Mr.
Brooks] is a contempt of this House, a violation
of his duty as a member thereof, and a high
crime against the people and their right of repre-
sentation.
We have seen, sir, that a Senator, for an act
inconsistent with his duty as Senator, but not
committed against any member of that body nor
during its session, nor in its presence, was ex-
pelled; that Duane, not a member, was impris-
oned for printing a libel—an offense not committed
in the Senate nor to the disturbance of its pro-
ceedings, and for which the offender was liable to
indictment and punishment in the courts; and
that Randall, not a member, was imprisoned by
this House for a secret attempt to bribe one of its
members. In administering justice here, I will
4 * recognize no privileged class." If Blunt could
be lawfully expelled, and Duane and Randall
lawfully imprisoned, T insist that, for a like of-
fense, the member from South Carolina may, and
should, be dealt with in like manner. History,
sir, the great avenger of wrong, has recorded this
enme upon the people's life, and stands ready to
record its dread condemnation against this House
if it refuse to inflict the punishment which that
crime deserves. Considerthe subject of this of-
fense, the alleged provocation, the method, the
place, the avowed purpose, the approval, and the
fit condemnation.
The brilliant and distinguished Senator from
i Massachusetts is the subject of this assault—that
1 Senator who, notwithstanding the attempt of the
| gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cj ingman]
I to defame him, holds now, and will hold, a large
| place in the affection and admiration of his coun-
! trymen. That Senator, sir, denounced the au-
i dacious crime which is being committed m Kan-
1 sas. In his place as Senator, he made a powerful
1 and convincing argument against the unparalleled
j conspiracy which is subjecting that young em-
j pirc of the West to a cruel and relentless tyranny—-
a tyranny which inflicts death on citizens guilty
of no offense against the laws; which sacks their
towns and plunders and burns their habitations;
which legalizes, throughout that vast extent of
territory, chattel slavery, that crime of crimes—
that sum of all villanies, which makes merchan-
dise of immortality, and, like the curse of Ke-
hama, smites the earth with barrenness—that
cume which blasts the human intellect, and
blights the human heart, and maddens the human
brain, and crushes the human soul—that crime
which puts out the light and hushes the sweet
voices of home—which shatters its altar and scat-
ters darkness and desolation over its hearth-
stone—that crime which dooms men to live with-
out knowledge, to toil without reward, to die
without hope—that crime which sends little chil-
dren to the shambles and makes the mother forget
her love for her child in the wild joy she feels
that, through untimely death inflicted by her own
hands, she has saved her offspring from this
damning curse, and sent its infant spirit, free
from this horrid taint, back to the God that
gave it.
Against this infernal and atrocious tyranny
upheld and being accomplished through a stupen-
dous conspiracy, the Senator from Massachusetts,
faithful to his own convictions, faithful to the
holy cause of liberty, faithful to his country and
his God, entered his protest, and uttered his
manly and powerful denunciation. What was
there in this to offend? Was it because he pre-
sented that terrible impeachment by the great
Roman orator of the tyrant Verres as a fit de-
nunciation of those new tyrants in Kansas, who
but reenact the brutal cruelties of Verres?
It is not claimed that the Senator uttered any
word which he did not believe to be true; but it
is said that, m his exposition of this wickedness,
he denounced the act, the men, and the States,
that aid and abet it, with an intemperate violence
of language. He spoke with zeal, with knowledge,
and power. This, sir, is the head and front of
his offending. Is nothing to be pardoned to the
spirit of liberty? Is the great right of the people—
freedom of debate in the Senate and House—to
be restricted in its exercise to the notions of every
man who chooses to constitute himself the judge
