1856.]
APPENPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84$
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. fVade.
Senate.
the free-State party had been driven out of the.
Territory, and therefore the tendency was to
make Kansas a slave State. This objection was
promptly met by a provision from the committee,
which I have just described vthat all who had left
could return and participate in forming a State
government. The commissioners appointed to
superintend the election are directed to enter the
names of all such on the list, and permit them to
vote for delegates; so that all the qualified voters
who were in the Territory at the time the Topeka
constitution was made, and all who have at any
time made their residence there up to the 4th of
July, 1856, will have a part in making the con-
stitution. Surely, Mr. President, no .man who
advocates the Topeka constitution can consist-
ently object to this billon the ground that all the
citizens are not to participate in carrying out its
provisions. Any objection to the Senate bill on
that point will apply with destructive force to the
Topeka movement.
But, sir, the Senator from Ohio has made a
grave allegation against the author of the doctrine
of non-intervention or popular sovereignty, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Cass ] He says this doc-
trine was " invented" to justify the repeal of the
Missouri line. I am amazed that the Senator
should utter such a sentiment. And I ask the
Senator, as a candid man, to say whether it be not
a historical truth, that the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] as long since as 1848, introduced
this doctrine to the notice of the public ? Did
he not advocate it in this body in 1850; and was
it not recognized in the laws of that session, or-
ganizing the Territories of Utah and New Mex-
ico ? How, then, can the Senator allege that the
doctrine was invented to justify the repeal of the
Missouri line ? Sir, the imputation thus cast upon
the motives of the venerable author of that great
principle is not sustained by the facts or by his-
tory, and for one I repel it.
It is most extraordinary, Mr. President, that
we should be lectured—no, I will not say lectured
—but edified from the other side, on the necessity
of order and form in our movements—that we'
should not attempt suddenly to force a measure
on the country which is not intended to accom-
plish the end which appears on its face, and at
the same time be urged to sanction the Topeka
constitution, a step which all must agree was
taken, not only without authority of law, but in
derogation of all law, and which progressed in
menace of the Government, at every step, and
which has been marked by violence and disorder
in every stage of its emanation.
Now, sir, I wish to say to the Senators from
Massachusetts and Ohio, very distinctly, that
when they describe the tendencies of the bill as
forcing slavery into the Territory, and as perpet-
uating the work of the border ruffians—if they
mean to say that I seek to produce such conse-
quences, they misrepresent my motives. I simply
intend that the bona fide citizens of Kansas shall,
without dictation from any quarter, decide the
question of slavery for themselves. This is all
the bill intends, or is calculated to produce. I
have liked this measure from the beginning,
because 1 thought it contained the elements of
peace and quiet, together with thpse of perfect
fairness to all; its leading idea being the prompt
termination of the contest as to the local policy
of the Territory touching the institution of sla-
very: We have been tola by the other side that
there was no remedy for the state of society
in Kansas but her prompt admission into the
Union as a State, and this is what the bill pro-
vides for.' We have been told, also, by these
gentlemen, that they had no confidence in the
ocal government of Kansas—that it was con-
trolled by the slave power entirely—that free-
State people were driven from the polls. In order
to meet this objection, an independent organ has
been provided for to administer the provisions
of the law—a board of five commissioners, to
be taken from both sides, and who, I trust, will
be able and pure men, and who are to be clothed
with ample power to protect the ballot-boxagainst
aggressions from Missouri or any other quarter.
Tliey can even call in the aid of the military to
accomplish this end. Now, sir, I am not to- be
misunderstood on this subject of intrusions from
Missouri. I countenance 90, such efforts. I have
IS
uniformly discarded and condemned them. I seek
only a fair and free expression (if popular will.
I am in.favor of the publication and circulation
of the bill into every corner of the country, as a
matter of interest to the people and justice to
those who have passed it; for I know that dili-
gent efforts will be made to pervert its meaning
and misrepresent its object. If we had needed
any evidence on this point, the Senator from
Massachusetts has furftished it this morning.
Whilst inquiring when and where such misrepre-
sentation had taken place, he commenced the
work himself. He has attributed to it tenden-
cies and intentions not fairly deducible from its
language.
The state of society in Kansas, and the excite-
ment throughout the country, impressed members
of this body with the necessity for the adoption
of some prompt and efficient measure of pacifica-
tion, and hence the bill which passed the other
day, and which we are about to publish. It pro-
vides for a fair and safe enumeration of the voters—
for ample protection to the ballot-box. It gives
all former inhabitants a right to return; it wipes
out all the territorial statutes subversive of the
liberty of speech and freedom of the press; and
all test oaths, and other provisions inconsistent
with the Constitution and the organic act of Con-
gress; and for making Kansas a sovereign State
as early as November next. And yet those who
have insisted upon the prompt admission of the
Territory as a State have steadily resisted it.
They insist upon a constitution made without
law, and in which only a portion of the people
have participated.
But we have been ex-ultingly told that we have
abandoned the doctrine of non-intervention by
the bill. I do not intend to argue this point at
length. The Senator from Michigan, when the
bill was under consideration, put that allegation
down. I certainly do not intend to impair the
doctrine by any act of mine, for I intend it shall
be a finality on this subject. But I can see a very
clear distinction between annulling laws clearly
unconstitutional, and in violation of the letter and
spirit of the organic act, and a law of Congress
dictating or interdicting a local institution—say-
ing that the people should or should not sell
ardent spirits—that they should or should not
hold slaves. It should be observed, again, that
the proposed action has special reference to the
preparation of Kansas for admission as a State,
and not to her policy as a Territory. I am.aware,
Mr. President, that some features of the bill
look like interference; but the Kansas-Nebraska
act declares that the action of the local Legisla-
ture phall be corffined to rightful subjects of legis-
lation. Will it Represented, then, that interfering
with the right of free discussion is a rightful
subject of legislation ? I do not care to raise the
question of congressional power, for I hold that,
however the question may be decided, it is politic
for Congress not to exercise the right to interfere
with the question of slavery in the Territories.
I want to put myself right on another point.
I mean the question of the measure of power
Which the Territorial Legislature can exercise
over the subject of slavery. On this point no
man can misunderstand the import of the lan-
guage of the Kansas bill; it is explicit, to the effect
that the people shall be left perfectly free to de-
cide the question according to their own pleasure;
but it is a question of what degree of law-making
power it is competent for Congress to confer upon
the people and Legislature of a Territory. It is
a question of construing the Constitution, and,
therefore, a judicial question, which I am not called
upon to decide. But, sir, I has no views to con-
ceal; I agree with the Senator from Michigan,
that the Territorial Legislature has entire con-
trol over the subject—is competent to establish,
abolish, or protect it. I can see but two sources
of law-making power for the Territory—the one
in Congress—the other is'the people who inhabit
the Territory; and it seems to me, that when Con-
gress has conferred upon the people all the power
it possessed, as in the case of Kansas, the people,
through their local Legislature, have an ample
law-making power, equal to the control of the
slavery, or any other question.
In conclusion, Mr. President, I wish to repeat
that the vitality of this bill is found in that feature
which so promptly terminates all motive, on the
part of outsiders, to force a temporary popula-
tion into the Territory for the purpose of shaping
its policy on the' subject of slavery. So soon,
then, as the bill shall become a law, that feature
will take effect. Thereafter it will be idle for the
advocates of slavery on the one hand, and the
enemies of the institution on the other, not resi-
dents, to continue- their efforts and excitement. I
seek to adopt a measure of peace; and much as
I dislike the precedent for the admission of States
with very small population, I am willing to forego
this, because I think the exigencies demand ex-
traordinary measures. But I cannot vote for the
admission of Kansas on the Topeka constitution.
It would be the recognition ofviolence—of usurpa-
tion, and because it would be unjust to a portion
of the people—would countenance revolution,
attempted without any previous application for
redress—for the Topeka convention took the sub-
ject into their own hands, without asking redress
at the hands of Congress at all. Both sides have
invited the proposed measure by seeking early
admission into the Union, and I have no fear of the
result; the provisions of the bill will be embraced.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
has said that the consequences will be to bring
, Kansas in as a slave State; and yet that Senator
has uniformly claimed, as have all on the other
side, that three fourths or nine tenths of the peo-
ple of Kansas are for a free State, and I have
shown that all who may have left have the oppor-
tunity to return. Up to the introduction of this
bill we have been told by the other side that all
they desired was a fair expression of the will of
the people. This bill will afford an opportunity
for such expression, and those who oppose it
must take the responsibility. I shall vote for the
motion to print. .
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. I propose to the Senator from
Ohio, if there is a desire to continue the debate,
to postpone it until the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS, and others. Let it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. If postponed, the debate
will be reiterated. There will be an endless dis-
cussion if we postpone it. I hope it will be dis-
posed of now.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me there cannot
be much pleasure or profit in debating a measure
that has passed from before us. The Senate has
decided it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 have but a
word to s$y in addition to what I have already
said on this subject. It has been constantly
claimed in behalf of this measure, that it is a
peace measure; that it will tend to allay the ex-
citement in the country; that it imposes some
new obligations on the Executive, who has the
whole matter in charge whether you pass the bill
or not. I have not been able to see how the
passage of a bill of this kind would tend to allay
excitement, or prevent those commotions in that
Territory of which we hear so much. Does it,
I ask, impose any additional duty on the Exec-
utive to keep peace in that Territory, and protect
the peaceable men in it? Notatall. The Executive
under it is to have the appointment of five com-
missioners, who armed with great power in
bringing about a State organization I grant you,
but they are mere creatures of your Executive—
just as much so as the Governor of the Territory
is. I suppose he can remove them at pleasure,
as he can his Governor; and there is no additional
guarantee—I say it here, and I say it to the coun-
try—your bill contains no additional guarantee
that the peace shall be kept there, and the rights
of citizens secured under this bill, more than
without it. It all depends on the good faith and
fair dealing of your President of the United
States; and if he will not keep the peace there,
or if he will aid one side against the other, this
bill will npt prevent his doing so. I know Sen-
ators give us a personal guarantee that he will
appoint fair men. That is a good deal of a
promise in these times, I gra& you. ' If a Sen
ator rises in his place, ana gives us a guarantee
even that fair men shall be appointed to transact
important business, it is very much of a con-
cession, considering how times go here. That is
all they qaja give us.
