1580
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
of what may and may not rightfully be said?
The fact, sir, that the Senate permitted the words
to be used m its body, without objection, is con-
clusive-evidence thai it was the right of the Mas-
sachusetts Senator so to speak: nay, more, the
Senate is the only and final arbiter of what may
there be rightfully said in debate. That, sir, is
the necessary sequence from the constitutional
provision that each House may make rules for its
own government, and no member of either House
shall, for any speech or debate, be questioned in
any other place. For his speech, under the Con-
stitution, therefore, no earthly power had the
legal ris;ht to question the Senator but the Senate
of the United States. I dismiss this inquiry as
to the provocation with this additional word—
that no man can rightfully find provocation for,
and justification or excuse of, an assault upon the
people's representatives, because of any speech
or debate made by any member in either House.
The doing of a lawful act, the exercise of a law-
ful right, or the discharge of a lawful duty, can
never furnish apology or excuse for the commis-
sion of a crimc.
Now, consider the place and method and
avowed purpose of this assault. The perpetrator
of this act says his object was to punish the Sen-
ator for words spoken in debate 111 the Senate—
and thus confesses his crime against the people.
Every personal consideration, sir, sinks before
the magnitude of tins oilense. A Senator of the
UiHt'-tl States, in the Senate Chamber, in the felt
prt^-ncf of the people, is struck down and well
nigh muvder«.J fur woids spuken in debate—and
thus, too, by a member of this House, who, like
nil of us, had sworn that he would support that
Coiutiiution which declares that the person of
the y< n*tor and oui/.en alike shall be inviolate,
and that the representatives of the people shall
not, for any speech or debate in either House, be
questioned by any other person or body whatever.
Sir, notwithstanding tins oath, not withstanding
this constitutional inhibition of violence to the
person of all the citizens and their representa-
tives, notwithstanding the sacrcd presence of the
people in their own halls of legislation, the Sena-
tor's w.iy of approach to the CapUo! was bclra-
£uer. (1 and watched, and while in his place in the
Senate Chamber; armed with no weapon but his
pen—that peaceful weapon of an enlightened civ-
ilization—the member Irom South Carolina jiMr.
Snooks,] deliberately, and wjth the advice of
another member of the House, pioceeds to the
1 Jail of the Senate, and there, with a bludgeon, m
utter di.-'re^atd of the place, of the life of the Sen-
ator (Vo n iU.f^aeiiuselts, and of the sacred lights
of tlx; people, whose leprexentafive he was, in-
flicts upon that Senator leprated blows, Maioihg
t!ie ^Ictce with blood,and profaning it with crime.
"Why was that weapon selected? U is the rude
weapon of a barbarous age. Willi who,t honui
facriih e, on what dreadful aha), has it not been
eons'-cinled? What sacrilegious vow impelled
its use ju thisgieat erune upon the people's life?
"Was i ? selected because it was the weapon iirsi cm-
|doy< d by man against his brother—the weapon
by which that horrid crime was committed winch
fhst, in " our world,M covered one manly brow i
with the wan paleness and terrible beauty of death, '
and another with the damning blotch of fratri-
cide ? Whether by accident or design, the weapon
is in character with the act! And the place!
"Was the Senate Chamber selected m humble imi-
tation of that audacity which induced Yenes to
Beieot the forum of the people for his wanton and
cruel assault upon a Roman citizen r
In this transaction, sir, what is wanting to
mike this atrociry the parallel in all respects of
that atrocity of Verrcs which subjected him to
the burning invcctive of the great Itoman orator?
What is the offense of the Massachusetts Sena-
tor, that he, though an American citizen, whose
person, by the Constitution, is sacred, is sub-
jected to tliia outrage and indignity5 It is said
of him, as \vm &aid by Verres of the scourged
llomnn citizen: "He is sent hither a spy by the
leauers j")f runaway slaves." That Senator, sir,
comes Pom Massachusetts,where are Lexington
and Concord and Hunker Hill and the Rock of the
PJg/ims--" where every sod's a soldier's sepul-
chre''—where are the footprints of the apostles
fcnd martyus of freedom—that State -which al-
lowed a trembling fugitive, fleeing only for his
LiBERt-y, to lay his weary limbs to rest upon
Warren's grave—that State whose mighty heart
throbbed with human sympathy for the flying
bondman who, guilty of no crime under the forms
of law, but in violation of its true spirit, walked
in chains beneath the shadow of Faneuil Hall,
where linger the sacred memories of the past and
the echoes of those burning words, Death or De-
liverance. For this, that he represents this senti-
ment of Massachusetts—say the indorsers and
approvers of this assault—letthe Senator, though
an American citizen, be scourged; for this, like
Verres, they cry, Let him be beaten with rods in
the forum of the people—let him suffer not only
insight) but in the very presence of his country,
of liberty and the laws, and let America see her
son die by the miserable and painful punishment
commonly inflicted on slaves.
While the Representative from South Carolina
inflicts his punishment upon the Senator from
Massachusetts in the temple of the Republic—an
orator of South Carolina, in the Capitol of that
State, is reported to have said, " that he consid-
ered the castigation applied at the right time, in
the light place, on the right individual, by the
right man, and with the light instrument—that in-
strument by which wc chastise the objects of Sen-
ator Sumner's false-hearted benevolence and hyp-
ocritical humanity, when they become insolent.'*
(South Carolina Times.) All parties in South
Carolina, it appears, are ready to approve this act
—even the slaves come with their tribute of admi-
ration. Speaking of this, the South Carolinian,
published in Columbia. South Carolina, says:
" To add the downing gloiy to the good work, the slaves
of Columbia have already u handsome subscription, and will
present an appropriate token of their regaid to him [Mr.
Bkooks] who has made the first practical issue for their
pi enervation and protection m their lights} and enjoyments,
as the happiest laitoreis on the face of the globe."
Commenting upon this, the Charleston Mer-
cury (South Carolina) says:
'• Waa the hke of this ever before published in a news-
paper iri South Carolina? The negroes of Columbia have
actually paitieipated in the congratulations of Mr. Brooks,
and the South Caiolnuan lauds it as c the crowning glory to
the good woik.' Now, rhe*e meetings in South Carolina
to fiustaui Mr. Brooks, as counter to those at the North,
cm- piopur enough. Hut when, in the capital of the State,
fril.H <*-5 aiv piM (iiiiuul, nay, applauded and urged, to take part
m our pohiieal movement*,1" * * -* "it is a spectacle as
disgusting as if is novel. We blush for the State where such
things are penmtted. If our slaves can publicly congiatu-
lute, may they notpubhely condemn ?"
Well considered: these slaves are the victims
of oppression; the iron has entered their souls;
and, if permitted to express their opinions, they
might condemn!
But, sir, South Carolina is not alone in this ap-
proval: Georgia, by her Senator, [Mr. Toombs,]
approves; Illinois, by licr Senator, [Mr. Doug-
las,] approves; this city, by apart of her press,
approves; and Virginia, by her press, approves.
1 quote from the Washington Sentinel, published
lieio, of date 27th May last, the following:
" If Massachusetts will not recall such a man; if the Sen-
ate will not eject linn or control him; if the man Senator
(Siwin'er) will not hold himself respon&ibleforsuch insults
to hi-"! fallow Senators, what is to be done ? Nothing in this
woiid but to cowhide bad manners out of him, or good
manners into him."
And from the Richmond (Virginia) Enquirer,
of ad June, 1 quote the following:
'■ In the main, the press of the South applauded the con-
duel u(" Mi. Brooks, without condition or limitation. Our
approbation, at least, is enure and unreseived- We con-
Hdei the act good in conception, better in execution, and
brM of all in consequence. These vulgar Abolitionists in
tii'1 Kenate are getting above themselves. They have been
humored until they toilet their position. They have grown
saucy, and dare to be impudent to gentlemen !" * * *
" They must be lashed into submission; Sumner, in partic-
ular ought to have nine and thirty, caily every morning."
There, sir, is the avowed purpose of this
assault. Before trie fact, the boast was, " We
will subdue you;" after the fact, the arrogant
avowal is, " W e will lash you into submission."
There are men who are not yet lashed into sub-
mission. 1 have no further word of comment. I
leave this offensive avowal to that swift and over-
whelming rebuke which it will receive at the
hands of insulted freemen.
i have spoken, sir, strongly—but not more
strongly than I feel—of this offense. While I dis-
claim any personal animosity or ill will towards
the member from South Carolina [Mr. Brooks;]
while I scout with scorn that grim Pagan honor
of the olden time, which " deemed vengeance
duty, and forgiveness crime," I cannot evade the
conclusion, if I v/ould, that stern, irrevocable
justice demands at our hands that the offender
shall suffer the penalty which the Constitution
affixes to his lawless act—expulsion from this
House, whose privileges he has forfeited. That,
sir, is my judgment; it could be no otherwise
if the member from South Carolina were my
brother. It is the first time, sir, in the history
of our Government, that a member of this House
has dared, in violation of his oath and of the
Constitution, to insult the majesty of the peo-
ple in the Senate Chamber, by there deliberately
assaulting and beating a Senator for words spoken
in debate. Let this offense be punished to the
fullest extent of our power; and let such an en-
actment be passed without delay as will here-
after affix to this audacious crime such a penalty
as will deter a repetition of the offense by any
man for all time to come. Let it be provided,
sir, by law, that whoever, at any time or place
within the jurisdiction of the United States, shall
assault, or aid or procure another to assault, any
Senator or Representative of the United States,
for words spoken in debate in either House, such
person shall, upon conviction thereof, be impris-
oned as a felon in the penitentiary. Let him be
cut off, like other criminals, from the fellowship
of freemen; let the anathema of an offended and
outraged people fall upon him; let lum be shut
out from the comforts of home, from the sweet
protection of the laws, and from that light in
which we live.
Sir, I desire not so much that the member from
South Carolina should suffer, as that others may
learn obedience to the laws by his example. Let
us in this emergency lift ourselves above all local
prejudice, or mere personal considerations—and
embrace within our vision our whole country.
That country, sir, is something more than the nar-
row spot which immediately surrounds us; it is
something more than that noble Commonwealth
in which it pleased God to pour the first beam
of light upon my understanding—where are the
graves of my kindred and the home of my child-
hood. Our country embraces these, ani more;
it includes the East and the West, the North
and the South, of this great Republic—this entire
sisterhood of States—with the homes of all their
living, and the graves, the sacred homes of all
their dead. Those, these, makeup our country—
that brilliant heritage which God in liis infinite
goodness gave to our fathers, has transmitted to
us, and will, we trust, transmit to our children
—that land consecrate to freedom and humanity
—rich in a fertile soil, yielding in great abund-
ance the productions of every zone, abounding
in all useful and precious deposits, interspersed
with mighty rivers, adorned with grand and lofty
mountains, and washed by the waters of two
great oceans. What would this vast heritage
be without free representative government, free
speech, and free men? A world without a sun—
a land of darkness, as darkness itself, whose very
light would be darkness.
It is to our free Constitution that we are in-
debted, under God, for all that we are; and it is
upon that, with His blessing, that we rely for all
that we hope to be. Let us not forget the words
ofitsimmoital author, who now looks down upon
us from these walls. " The Constituton," says
Washington, "is sacredly obligatory upon
all and his other words of equal significance
and import:
" It is indeed little else than a name, where the Govern-
ment is too feeble" * * " to maintain all mtlie secure
and tranquil enjoyment of the rights of person."
The Constitution has guarantied these rights
of person; it provides that the freedom of speech
and the security of person shall be inviolate,
and, to this end, that justice shall be established.
This great sentiment, dear to freemen, and formi-
dable to tyrants only—liberty to ali,, and jus-
tice to all—is the spirit which informs the
Constitution and makes up its life. Letthe Con-
stitution be held inviolate, and let its great pur-
poses be realized. That sacred instrument was
formed and fashioned by those men of old, whom
God taught to build for glory and for beauty;
at their word it sprang like a new creation from
the nightof the Revolution, and the shattered frag-
ments of the Confederation; they have finished
their work, and gone down to their rest, one by
one, as stars go down in the quiet sky! For then-
sake let the Constitution stand the monument of '
their wisdom, and the crowning- glory of their
