1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WIDOW OF COMMODORE DECATUR.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to indulge
roe for a few moments to take up the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 24) forthe relief of Mrs. Susan
Decatur, widow of Commodore Stephen Decatur,
late of the United States Navy. The circum-
stances demanding it are very imperative indeed,
and I presume it will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing that it shall be
taken up, on the condition that if it leads to
debate it will be laid aside.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. If it interferes with the reg-
ular order of business I shall certainly waive it.
I presume it will give rise to no debate. It is
merely a joint resolution granting a pension to
the widow of Commodore Decatur.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator from Flor-
ida whether the resolution is to grant a pension
or for the settlement of claims?
Mr. MALLORY. It is for a pension. Let it
be read.
- The Secretary read the resolution; which, as
originally introduced by Mr. Malloky, proposed
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to cause a
pension certificate to be issued to Mrs. Decatur,
and to pay her the pension g-i anted by the joint
resolution passed Match 3,1847, without restric-
tion or reservation. The Committee on Naval
Afl.iirs reported the following amendment as a
substitute: That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and lie is hereby, directed to cause a pension cer-
tificate to be issued to Susan Decatur, widow of
Commodore Stephen Decatur, late of the United
Slates Navy, at the rate of fifty dollars permonth,
for five years, to cease on the death or marriage
of sanl Susan Decatur; and that there be paid to
said busan Decatur, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the arrear-
age of the half pay of a post captain, to wit: fifty
dollars per month, for five years.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the com-
mitter.
Mr. CLAY. I have not heard the report read,
and I, perhaps, do not apprehend fully the merits
ot this pi oposition; but there is one thing in the
proposition which strikes me as very objection-
able; and that is this—it proposes to pay arrear-
ages of pension. I protest against the Senate's
passing any bill of that character. There are
petitions without number  
Mi. JOiN ES, of Iowa. My friend is mistaken;
i( does not propose to pay any arrearages of pen-
«u>n at all.
Mr. CLAY.( I so read it.
Mr. JONhS, of Iowa. Congress passed an
act pensioning this lady, and by mistake, on the
same day, th«>y also passed a joint resolution
giving Ikt exactly the same pay. The Com-
missioner of Pensions then required her to elect
under which law she would take her pension,
and she was compelled to decide under which she
would take it. She took it under the general
law. Hy-and-hy the general law was repealed,
and she lost her pension. The Commissioner
then decided that she should have no pension. It
is a great case of hardship and injustice. Con-
gress gavo her the pension of fifty dollars a month*
and because she made an election to take it under
the general law, and the general law was repealed,
she was entirely deprived of the benefit of the
joint resolution which Congress intended she
should have the benefit of. fhope the resolution
will pass. As Ipiomised that there should be
no debate, I shall jay no more about it.
Mr. AJALLOIV\ . A single word, I think, will
remove the objection of my friend from Alabama.
VV e all know who Mrs. Susan Decatur is. It is
unnecessary to say anything of her. She is now
very a«Hl and in very necessitous circumstances
wiien -
h
, r , pay of a post captain,
wlm.h amounted to some $14,000, and investing it
Hi toe nanus of ( So,-rotary of the Tieasury as
a fund for „irs. l>eatm\ ^ They at the same time
passed djOiiita-soiuiit-i!,givjiigheralso the arrear- '
ages, but not so much, and not investing the :
amount. The Department deciding that she could
not draw under both laws, she elected to take
under the latter. In both these was provision for
the arrearages of a post captain. She has drawn
no pension whatever for fourteen years. She has
not applied to Congress for any, and she has lived
without iu She now in her old age comes here
for a pension, and the committee have reported
back the j oint resolution, with an amendment giv-
ing her a pension, the half pay of a post captain
in the Navy, fifty dollars a month, and giving
her the arrearages of pension for five years in-
stead of the fourteen years she has not drawn
any. That is the explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I think she ought to
have it all.
Mr. CLAY. Let me ask the Senator from
Florida, if she has not in the mean time been
enjoying the interest on the $14,000.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not the act before
me; but she did not elect to take the money in
that way. She did not avail herself of that oil].
I had the law granting the pension before me, and
had the place turned down in the book, but at this
moment I cannot turn to it because it has been
taken away. But she did not take the advantage
of the act which I have specified. The money-
was not invested in the Treasury for her benefit,
but she took a pension under the general law.
Mr. CLAY. I trust this resolution will not
be acted on at this time. I know the difficulty
of making exceptional cases of this character.
They are constantly appealed to as precedents
for similar legislation; and being a member of
the Committee on Pensions, I have suffered ex-
ceedingly from some precedents that arc quoted
to support every application of this kind. If
there be any peculiar hardship in Mrs. Decatur's
case, I am willing to extend the favor that is !
now asked; but my recollection is that she has j
already been the recipient of more bounties from •
this Government than the widow of any other
officer of our Navy. That is my recollection; 1
may be misinformed. If that be the case, how-
ever, as I believe it is, I am#not willing that she
should receive this amount. ' I hope, at any rate,
it will lie over.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my friend from Ala- ,
bama to allow this note in the Statutes at Large i
to be read in regard to the whole case. ■
Mr. CLAY. I think the Senator had better let '
it lie over. j
Mr. MALLORY. Let the note be read ; and >
then, if there be any objection, I will agree to let !
it lie over.
The Secretary read the following note from the •
Statutes at Large, appended to the joint resolu-
tion granting a pension to Mrs. Decatur, passed i
March 3, 1837: j
" On the 3d of March, 1837, Congress passed an act giv- !
ing to the widow of any oflieer who had died in the naval I
set vice of the United Slater, authority to reooive, out of the |
Aavy pen-ion fund, half the monthly pay to winch the 1
deceased officer would have been entitled under the acts j
regulating the pay in the Navy, in loiee on the Ut day of '
January, 183o. On the same day, a resolution wax adopted '
by Congress, giving to Mns. Decatur, widow of Captain I
Stephen Decatur, a pennon for five years, out ot the Navy
pension fund, and 111 coutbiniity with the act of 30th June,
1834, and the arrearages of the half pay of a post captain,
troni the death of Commodore Decatur to the 80th June,
1834; the arrearages to be invented m trust toi her by the
Secretaty ot the Trea^my. The pension anil ari
under the act of 3d March, 1^37, were paid to Mis. l)eoa- '
tur on Ikm application to Mr. Diekerbon, the Secretary of i
the Navy, under a piotest by hoi. that l>v ipcpivin" 'the '
same she did not prejudice her claim tjndn the lesohmou 1
of the same date. She applied to the Secretary ot the i
Navy lor the pension and aireais under the resolution, i
which were refused by him. Afterward-,, she applied to
Mr Paulding, who succeeded Mr. I)iekei>on a?, Seeretaty 1
of the Navy, for the peuMonand arreaj - winch w<ne tefi^ed •
by him. Tho circuit court of the count} of Washington, i
m the Di.xtuet of Columbia, refused to grant a maru].imii.s
to the Secietaiy of the Navy, coimnatidintr hnn to pa\ the ■
arreais, and to allow the pension under the iP^olutioii of,
March 3d, 1837. Held that the jud giiicnt of the cueuit !
, couit was correct.—Decatur vs. Paulding, 14 Peters, 497. ]
Mr. CLAY. Let the resolution lie over. I
Mr. M ALLOR V. 1 will agree to let it lie over 1
at the request of the Senator from Alabama, but J
I hope he will agree to take it up to-morrow '!
morning in the morning hour. It is a case of':
pressing intensity. '!
The joint resolution was postponed until to- 1
morrow. ;j
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. ,'j
On motion of Mr. HUSTER, the Senate re-
fsumed the consideration, as in Committee of the ||
July 10,
Whole, of the bill (H. R. No. 71) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various tribes of Indians,
for the year ending June 30,1857.
Mr. HUNTER. There are two amendments,
which are mere matters of form, which I omitted
to move when we had the bill formerly under
consideration. The first is on page eight, line one
hundred and sixty-four, to strike out " seventy-
seven cents," and insert " sixty-seven."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
strike out, on page nine, " Winnebagshish," and
insert " Winnibigoshish."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg leave now to offer
the amendments of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. The first is to add as a new section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That if any person who has been
removed from the Indian country under the provisions of
the tenth section of the act of Congress, approved the 30tli
ot January, 1834, entitled "An aet to regulate trade and in-
tercourse with the Indian tribes, and preserve peace on the
frontiers," shall thereafter, at any time, return or be found
within the Indian territory, such oflender shall forfeit and
pay tile sum of $1,000.
Mr. President, by the provisions of the present
intercourse law the Indian agents are authorized
to remove improper persons from within the limits
of the Indian territory, but no penalty is affixed
for their return. The consequence, as exempli-
fied in the administration of the laws on the fron-
tier, is, that persons, after being once removed,
return again. This amendment provides a pen-
alty for returning to the Indian country in that
way.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the pro-
vision is proper enough, but I suggest that the
House have confined the bill to appropriations
only.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jini he it,further enacted, That, in settling the accounts
of Thomas J. Henley, superintendent of Indian affairs m
California, the accounting officers he, and they are heiehy,
antliouzcd to allow lnm the amounts he actually paid to
mteipieters during the years of 1834 and 1853, and the
amount of paid by him to Saunders and Brenham, for
interest on money advanced by thorn on account of the
Indian service in California, upon his producing satisfac-
tory vouchers for these expenditures.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that the offi-
cers of the Treasury should be authorized to pay
this only if, in their estimation, it be proper to do
so. Some such limitation ought to be inserted.
Mr. "VVELLER. I cannot see the propriety
of that. The Committee on Indian Affairs have
reported in favor of the payment of this amount
under the circumstances, and I am not willing,
therefore, to leave it to the -Department, especially
m relation to the matter of interest, which is but
$7o0. It will be recollected that, a little more
than a year ago, I complained of the Indian de-
partment in regard to the mode of transmitting
of funds to California. Four months elapsed
after the appropriation was made by Congicss
before the Commissioner of Indian Affairs trans-
mitted funds to California. In the mean time a
condition of things existed in part of that State
which made it absolutely necessary that the su-
perintendent there should have funds. The del-
egation in Congress from California called upon
the superintendent of Indian affairs, and, as he
had no money, we were compelled to recommend
him to bonow money in anticipation of the ap-
propriation being furnished. I do not know,
under these circumstances, whether the depart-
ment would be willing to allow the interest on
that; but I think it is but just that it should be
paid.
The department was wrong, in my judgment,
m not having transmitted funds at an earlier day.
The appropriation bill was passed here in the
month of June, I believe, and no funds were
transmitted until November. In the month of
August a State of things existed in the Shasta
country rendering it indispensable that some
money should be used for the purpose of trans-
ferring Indians from that place. Their acorn
crop failed, and the fishes were turned out of the
streams by the mill-dams of the miners, and they
were compelled to steal or starve. It was under
these circumstances, with a full knowledge that
if they did steal they would be slaughtered by
