1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
the whites, that the superintendent went thereto
remove the Indians, and gave them temporary-
relief. In order to do this, he was compelled to
borrow money before he received the appropri-
ation.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
amendment read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I ought to say, perhaps, in
justice to the department, that Mr. Henley was
appointed superintendent of Indian affairs while
he was here, and did not qualify himself as I
supposed he had done in Indiana. He had,
therefore, to return to California and prepare his
bonds, and transmit them back, and they had to
be approved by the department before they could |
transmit him funds. That is one cause assigned
for the delay in transmitting the money.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. Does the
Senator from Virginia offer an amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I see it simply
" authorizes " the department to pay, and does
not require the money to be paid. I shall not
press my objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Jbti be it further enacted, That the act of the 27th of Feb-
ruary, 1851, fixing the rate of compensation for interpreters,
as tar as it relates to California, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The present limitation of $500, by which super-
intendents are bound, in the employment of in-
terpreters, has been ascertained to be obviously
inapplicable to California, because no interpreters
can be obtained for that price; and by repealing
the law the superintendent will be enabled to get j
them for such price as he can. i
Mr. WELLER. This amendment, of course, |
leavesitdiscietionary with the department, when j
the accounts are presented, unless the Commis- i
sioner is satisfied that the amount allowed is a j
fair compensation, not to pass the voucher of the j
superintendent of Indian affairs. As the Senator |
from Arkansas remarks, it is utterly impossible j
to secure the services of an interpreter in Califor- |
ma at the maximum amount fixed by the old law, ;
§500; and, therefore, we have been compelled at
every session of Congress to move amendments ;
to the appropriation bill, in order to cover the j
expenditure made in this branch of the Indian 1
service. The proposition now is simply to abio- i
gate that law so far as California is concerned,
and leeve the superintendent to employ interpret-
ers at the lowest price at which he can obtain
them. _ '
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the chair
transfer of warrants issued, or hereafter to be issued, to the
Creeks and Semmoles of Black Dirt's party, the agent of
said Indians may recognize, in certifying to the validity of
such transfers or assignments, such amounts as he may be
satisfied have been previously advanced to the warrantees,
or their representatives, in good faith, as part of the pur-
chafe money thereof, and consideration therefor, either in
money or goods.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear some
explanation of this amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The explanation of the
amendment can be briefly given. It was drawn
at the express request of the delegation of the
Creek and Seminole Indians now in the city.
They explain the necessity for it in this way:
under the act of 1850, the warrants were issued to
the Indians, and transferred under the same gen-
eral regulations as were prescribed for other
warrantees receiving the benefits of that act. Since
this, however, these Indians apprehend that the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs intends to issue a
regulation requiring these assignments to be made
in the presence of the United States agent, .who
shall certify that he saw the consideration paid in
specie for each one of the warrants. Now, these
Indians have been in the habit of disposing of the
warrants in this way: they have obtained credit
among their traders and merchaats on the faith
of the warrants to be issued to them; and the
adoption of this regulation will disable them from
paying, or will cut out the traders from the ad-
vances they madeon the faith of the land warrants.
They wish, therefore, to have any such advance
taken in, as part of the consideration to which the
United States agent is to certify, as having been
paid in his presence. It is to enable them to
fulfill contracts which they have already made.
We have only included them, because they were
the only Indians who, in form, asked that the
explanation might be made, as to them, and gave
a substantial reason for the request which they
preferred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs, as an
additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior 1)P required to pay to Spreak, or Eald Froy, alias
Joseph Hemon, the amount of $460 for his valuation of an
linpiovement under the Cherokee treaty of 1835, in pur-
suance of the provision of the twenty-fourth section of the
act of March 3, 1855, making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government.
There was an appropriation in the last Indian
bill, and there is also an appropriation in the
present Indian bill, which was voted in upon the
motion of the Senator from Virginia, covering
this class of cases. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, in makingthe application of it to Henson,
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs ought to : j thought there was some doubt on the question of
fix some limit, in order to make this provision ;i identity between the person to whom the allow-
consistent with the regulations ia regard to inter- || ance was formerly made, and the person now
preters in other parts of the United States. We j| prefernng the claim, and expressed the opinion
ought to say what is the limits beyond which*;] t[lat jle preferred some legislation of Congress on
they shall not go. it. Oil examining the proof, I think there is no
IVIr. SEBASTIAN. The same difficulty would j earthly doubt at all as to identity of the party,
arise in fixing a limit as arose before when a limit j an(j I therefore move this amendment to the bill,
was fixed. Congress, no doubt, thought they It does not increase the appropriation, but only
had sufficient evidence when they prescribed the ,} recognizes him as the party to receive the amount
limit of $500 before. However, the consequence !; 0f an appropriation already made.
is, that, by removing the limitation as to the :J The amendment was adopted.
amount which shall be paid, it will be disbursed
like any other fund, subject always, of course, .
to be rejected, if the superintendent there allows j
extravagant or unusual amounts. It is a matter rutiUK „„      
of administration which wjU have to be intrusted ,. 1333, as ascertained by the report of the Second Auditor,
to the superintendent, just as the expenditure of j: $116.
anv other amount of money in the disbursement i IVIr. HUNTER. If it is the balance of an
of'thu contingent fund. rfhere are numberless ,, adjudicated claim, why cannot he pay it without
employes of the Government who are employed , I any ]aw, under the treaty? _ _
at what they can be obtained for; but tne accounts j j\ir. SEBASTIAN. An appropriation is ne-
of the disbursing officers are always subject to
revision, and aro liable to be rejected or modified
•when it appears that they have disbursed money •
either extravagantly or unnecessarily. I think
that responsibility under which these officers dis-
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer:
For payment to Ann Hyatt, for balance of adjudicated
claim for an improvement under the Cherokee treaty of
burse money is amply sufficient, without attempt-
ing to prescribe any limit. At least, I am not
able to say now what ought to be the limit, if I
were acting on the suggestion of the Senator from
Virginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is to add, as a new section, the
following:
jlnd be it further erurctcd, That in the assignment or
I cessary.
| The amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer an amendment to
enable the Department to run and mark the
' boundary of the Indian tribes according to recent
1 treaties. It is estimated for by the Department:
j For surveying and marking the boundaries of the Choc-
'! taw and Chickasaw countries, in pursuance of the proyis-
:l ions ol the nineteenth a; tide of the ue.ity of tjie of
l! June, IK>5, and for completing the smvey of tne lieefc
I! boundary, $10,000.
'j The amendment was agreed to.
|i Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer another smerul-
j! ment for a purpose which is recommended, and
i! asked for by the Secretary of the Interior. It is
to enable him to collect the scattering and vagrant
Indians who have separated themselves from
tribes, and are wandering in the States and Ter-
ritories, committing depredations on white cit-
izens. It is recommended, and asked in the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Interior:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to prevent tres-
pass and depredations by Indians separated from their re-
spective tribes within the States and Territories, and to
remove and settle them within the Indian territory, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to come in as a new section:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That, in addition to the num-
ber allowed by law, the President be authorized to appoint
one Indian agent, east of the Rocky Mountains, at a salary
of $1,5110.
The Department has asked for as many as two
or three agents—three, I believe. The committee
had an official communication of the Secretary
of the Interior, asking for two. Since then I
have heard informally, in a manner which I think
authentic, that the Department asks for three.
I am authorized by the committee, however, to
ask for only one. I am satisfied that there is an
absolute necessity for one. The agency on the
Upper Missouri is by far two large, extending
over a region of country three hundred miles in
breadth by seven hundred in length. The Indians
in the Nebraska Territory extending over a large
surface of country, and located on opposite sides
of the Platte river, probably three hundred milej
apart, are under the direction of the same agent,
with the river between them. The Department
thinks there ought to have been a separation of
the agency there. The Delegate from the Terri-
tory concurs in that opinion. 1 am satisfied that
for that part, at least, there ought to be a division
of the agency. It is impossible, as we have
complicated relations with the Indians in Ne-
braska, and treaty stipulations to fulfill, that but
one resident agent should be required among
the Indians both in the northern and southern
part of the Territory. It is beyond the power
of any one agent to attend to the duties required
of ail agent of the United States, among tribes
so far apart, with a large river intervening. I
am satisfied, therefore, as to the imperative ne-
cessity for that, but am not satisfied as to the
absolute necessity of the others. The committee
only' recommend one, at the salary paid other a
agents, which is $1,500 per annum.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer another amend-
ment:
For the compilation and construction of a map of the
Indian teintoues within the United States, for the use of
the Committee on Indian Affairs of tlie Senate and House
of Representatives, and of the office of Indian Affairs,
$2,000.
The House of Representatives have instructed,
by a resolution, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to cause such a map as is described in the
amendment, to be made for the use of the com-
mittee of that House. The committee of the
Senate have heretofore obtained an appropriation
out of our contingent fund, for the construction
of a map for the use of the Senate committee,
which has been partially completed. The Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, of course, has just
the same necessity for the use of one in his office,
as the committees of either House of Congress;
and the three maps can be constructed for almost
the same sum as that which the House of Rep-
resentatives ordered for the use of the committee
of the House. I have, therefore, enlarged the
amendment, so as to embrace three maps, which
it is thought two thousand dollars will accomplish.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the President be, and lie
is hereby, autliouzed to appoint, by and with the advice
and consul of the Senate, a special agent of the office ot
Indian Allans, at an annual salary of— dohais, who shall,
tinder the orders and instructions of the Secretary ol tiie
Interior, he employed in visiting the various Indian tribes
and then -uyei iiilendenty, anent>, and s.ub-agents, and liavo
the general supervision of a'll matters appertaining to the
administration of Indian affairs within the Indian territory,
and such other duties as may, from time to time, by law,
or the orders, inductions, or regulations of the said hfiere-
taiy, be enjoined upon him.
This amendment proposes the creation of an
office which is not now authorized by law; but it
is an office which the Secretary of the Interior
thinks, and I believe justly thinks, absolutely
