848
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hale.
[July 9,
Senate.
act. Now, when I, in turn, apply his own pro-
cess of reasoning to him, and prove that, if his
reasoning be true, he is guilty of every crime that
has disgraced humanity in Kansas, he objects to
the application of the rule. He is not willing to
be hela responsible for the natural consequences
of his own action. He is not willing to be judgpd
by the same rule which he professes to be fair
when applied to others. Yet he must submit to
the application of that rule to himself, or with-
draw ail he has said against us.
The Senator from Maine,' this morning, re-
peated the same declaration of his belief; so did
the Senator from Massachusetts. Do they ex-
pect that we will allow them to attribute designs
to us, in direct contradiction of our express lan-
guage, and we refrain from holding them respons-
ible before God and man for all the life that is
taken, and the blood which is shed, in pursuance
of the line of policy they have worked out for the
presidential campaign ?
We show them that their intentions may be
questioned, and motives impugned, as well as
ours. This system of violating all the rules and
usages of debate by impeaching Senators' inten-
tions, contrary to their declaration, they will find
is not a pleasant business. I have never impugned
a Senator's motive except in self-defense, or just
retaliation. In this sense, I do say, without the
least hesitation, that every crime committed in
Kansas—every act of violence perpetrated in the
Territory, has resulted naturally as the legitimate
consequence of the speeches and action of the Free-
Soil Senators in this Chamber. I n your speeches
you have told the people of Kansas that the
Legislature was an unlawful assemblage; that
their enactments were not valid laws; that the
people were under no obligation, moral or legal, to
obey the local laws of the Territory—that the of-
ficers appointed to execute the laws had no right-
ful authority to do so; and that both officers and
the laws might be resisted, even unto death, with-
outincurring any responsibility or punishment.
That is the fair construction of every speech
you have made. You have, by your speeches, ad-
vised bloody resistance to the law and its officers.
You now complain that, in making that resist-
ance, blood has been shed and life has been taken.
If so, the blood has been shed and the life taken
under your direct advice; it is the legitimate con-
sequence of your own acts. Then, when! charge
upon you as a party all the consequences of those
bloody acts which have stained the history of
Kansas, I only charge that which is and was the
inevitable consequence of the speeches you have
made and the course you have pursued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator state
who has made any speech advising bloody resist-
ance? I am not aware of any such. I have made
no speech on the subject myself, and therefore
the remark does not apply to me; but I have not
heard any speeches of the kind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Each one of the speeches
which I have heard from your side of the Cham-
ber has been calculated to encourage and excite
resistance to the laws of the Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is your inference
from the speeches.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; and it must have been
the inference, also, of every impartial man who
has listened to the debates. Denunciations of the
Legislature of the Territory, and of its enact-
ments, and of the officers of the law, together
with eulogies upon the heroic people of Lawrence,
and praises of the gallant free-State party, have
constituted the materials out of which nearly all
of your speeches have been manufactured. The
fact can neither be denied nor concealed, that the
tendency of all such ppeeches was to stimulate
and encourage rebellion against, the laws, and
resistance to the officers of the Territory. No
crime has been perpetrated, no act of violence
committed, which cannot find its justification in
the speeches of Senators. It is difficult to con-
ceive for what purpose those speeches were made
unless it was to excite resistance to the laws of
the Territory, and to convince the people of the
United States that those laws ought to be suc-
cessfully resisted. Thus you all counseled vio-
lence, and violence resulted from your counsels.
It affords me no pleasure to speak in terms of
■everity of Senators; but it is time they learned
that they cannot assault me, or question my mo-
tives, with impunity.
Mr. President, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has spoken of that great landmark of free-
dom, the Missouri compromise, which was so
sacred that the denunciations of the Bible would
rest upon any man who had ever cbmmitted the
profane act of assisting in its removal. While
the Senator was pouring forth his eloquent de-
nunciations on the heads of those who have re-
moved the landmark, I sent one of the pages to
fet me a copy of a speech made by that Senator
uring the discussions of the Compromise mea-
sures of 1850. I have the speech before me, and
I will read what he then said of the Missouri
compromise, and see how far it sustains the
sacred character which he now attributes to that
measure:
"Mr. Hals. I wish to say a word as a reason why I
■hall vote against the amendment. X shall vote against
: 36" 30^ because I think there is an implication in it. [Laugh-
ter.} I will vote for 37° or 36' either, just as it is con-
venient ; but it is idle to shut our eyes to the fact that here
is an attempt in this bill—I will not say it is the intention
of the mover—to pledge this Senate and Congress to the
imaginary line of 36° 30', because there are some historical
recollection* connected with it in regard to this controversy
about slavery. I will content myself with saying, that 'I
never trill, by vote or speech, admit or submit to anything
that may bind the-action of our legislation here to make the
parallel of 36* 30' the boundary line betweeti slave and fret
territory. And when I say that, I explain the reason why
I go against the amendment."
_When the question was presented for consider-
ation, whether 36° 30' should be maintained as
the dividing line between freedom and slavery, as
the Senator calls it, he represented such a divid-
ing line as the worst of all modes of settlement
that could be devised. Then he told us with elo-
quent tongue, and in bold language, appealing to
God for the sincerity of his vow, that never
would he, by act or speech, recognize the propriety
of the line of 36° 30'. Now, when he thinks
he can make a point on a political opponent,
he speaks of that great covenant of peace,
36° 30', and of the terrible condemnation threat-
ened by Divine authority on men who remove
the land mark, referring to 36© 30*, as a sacred
monument between freedom and slavery. I ask
him now, if he does not tremble lest the judgment
of that just God, whose vengeance he has im-
Elored on us, will rest upon himself, for having
rst derided that measure, which for partisan
purposes he noV calls sacred ? It does not be-
come the Senator from New Hampshire to ar-
raign me for having abrogated the line 360 30*.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator be kind enough
to send, me the document from which he read ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. I copied it into
a speech of mine, and I found it more convenient
to read it from that speech. If, however, the
Senator denies the correctness of the report 
Mr. HALE. Oh, no, sir; I not only do not
deny it, but I am proud of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish the Senator to read it.
Mr. HALE. I will do so; but before ! come
to that, I do not want the Senator to get away
from the issue which he made, and on which I
joined, because on that I am clearly right in my
own judgment, and he is clearly wrong; and
I having the right, I do not wish to lose the advan-
tage of it.
1 said that the maxim of the common law was,
that a man intended the fair consequences of his
act; and therefore I charged on this system of legis-
lation the design of introducing slavery into Kan-
sas. I contend that that is a fair, legitimate mode
of argument, and is not subject to the parliament-
ary objection of impeaching a man's motives. I
have nothing to do with the motives, but 1 say
there the act, and the legal and natural conse-
quences of it are so and so, and then I say, that is
the intention of the act. This I believe to be a fair
and legitimate mode of argument, not obnoxious
to any just censure, "^hen the honorable Sen-
ator, in reply, says that the murders, larcenies,
arsons, and other crimes which have been com-
mitted in Kansas, are the legitimate consequence
of the speeches which have been made on this
side of the House, he is within the limits of fair
argument. It may not be true; that is, we may
not admit that it is (rue. It may not be just; that
is, to our apprehension we may not admit it to,
be just; but it is a fair way of arguing the ques-
tion, and he has the right to say it. He has the
moral right, and the parliamentary right, to say
that the murders, larcenies, and arsons which are
committed there are the legitimate consequences
of the speeches we have made. I do not com-
plain of that; I have not complained of that; but
the Senator did not stop there. He did not limit
hrmself there, but he charged directly upon us:
You desire these murders; you desire these
arsons; you desire these larcenies, for the very
purpose of making political capital, and von are
not willing that they shall cease until after the
presidential election." It seems to me, that be-
tween these two statements there is a difference
mst as wide as two propositions can well be.
The one is fair and legitimate; the other is unfair
; and illegitimate. With that remark I leave the
i point, because I think the intelligence of the peo-
! pie cannot mistake where the justice of this issue
is, and I have no disposition to prolong words
about it. When an issue is made up, intelligibly
I! joined, let it go to the country. I do not want to
! argue that question.
1 But, sir, the honorable Senator from Illinois
has brought up an old speech which I made, and
I am glad of it. 1 am glad of it on many accounts.
I am glad to findthat he reads my speeches. I
think they will do him good. I am glad that he
has brought the matter up now, so as to enable
me to say what I wish to say about it. I was
once talking to a crowd, in the State of New
Hampshire, pending the election, a year ago last
March, and there was present one of the county
politicians, in the county of Grafton, who had
got the honorable Senator's speech. He thought
that, as the Senator had made this charge against
j me in his speech, it must be " a stunner." The
i meeting was about adjourning, when the Sena-
tor's friend got up, with the speech in his hand,
and said : "Mr. Moderator, before we adjourn
! I just want the floor for a minute." It was ac-
corded to him, and he took the pamphlet and read
this extract from the Senator's speech, and he
thought it was an entire annihilation of me. My
answer was that I said it; I thanked God for giving
me grace and strength to say it when and where
I did. J repeated it, and would live by it to the
end of time. Now let me read the very words:
" I will content myself with saying that I never will, by
voteor speech, admit or submit to anything that may bind
action of our legislation here to make the parallel of 36° 30*
the boundary line between slave and free territory."
And, sir, I never will. That was not the fault
1 found with the repeal of the .Missouri compro-
mise. I voted against extending it. I always
thought it was an unjust bargain. Why? Be-
cause it gave the North too much ? No, but because
it gave the North too little — because it exacted
from the North wha^the South had no right to
exact. 1 thought the true doctrine should have
been to prohibit slavery everywhere within the
national territory. That is what I would have
done if 1 had had my way; that is what I thought
the Constitution conferred on Congress the power
to do; that is what I understand the history of
the country to be, that they did at the outset.
An attempt has been made here and elsewhere,
repeatedly, to throw'inconsistency on those gentle-
men who were oppose^ to the Missouri compro-
jj mise,and opposed to its abrogation—but with now
| much fairness ? Let me illustrate the case. Two
;! men own a common farm together; one is rich and
J powerful, (no matter by what means,) and the
: other is poorer, and cannot contend with him. The
I rich and powerful man proposes a division of the
;1 common inheritance by a line — I will call it
" 36° 30'—and he suys to the poor man, "Take
what is on the other side." The poor man objects,
remonstrates, and says it is worth nothing. The
strong man, however, is powerful enough by
some means to force it on him, and he does so.
They live under this arrangement for a third of a
century. The<cnan who is on the north side of
36° 30', thought at first that what he got was
worth nothing. By and by, the strong man on
the south side of 30^ 30' finds out that what lies
on the other side is a little more valuable than he
thought it was when he gave it to his brother,
and now he says, I must have that too; I must
break down this*partition' abro?ate 1116 barSain'
abrogate the division. The other man is opposed
to it but his brother charges him with incon-
