1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
158?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no further
amendment be offered, the bill will be reported to
the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I understand that the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] (not now in his
seat,) proposes to amend the bill, and I therefore
hope that it will lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. We agreed to
go on with the bill to-day. We cannot interrupt
the order of business on account of the absence
of one gentleman.
Mr. PUGH. That was my request.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not lay over
an appropriation bill a whole day.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before that vote is taken
I wish to make a proposition to strike out the
proviso of the last amendment offered from the
Committee on Finance, which is to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to redeem pledges made
by Governor D. Merriwether to the Indians in
New Mexico. I want to strike out the proviso
in that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be taken on concurring in all the amendments
except that mentioned by the Senator from Ark-
ansas.
Mr. COLLAMER. There was an amendment
presented and adopted in Committee of the Whole,
which it seems to me should be amended. It is
that which authorizes an examination into the
c'aims for Indian depredations. 1 have no objec-
tion to authorizing a proper agency on the part
of the Secretary of the Interior to look into the
true character of claims which may have been
presented; but the idea of sending out men to
look up claims for people who have never pre-
sented them at all, and making it a foundation to
enable people to rest a demand upon, I do not like.
J wish to insert, after " New Mexico," the words
*' claims that may have been made."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I accept that, because it
is in strict accordance with the intention of the
amendment when drawn.
Mr. COLLAMER. With that modification I
have no objection to the amendment. It will then
read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
required to eaiise an investigation to be had of the claims
for depredations by Indians in the Territory of New Mexico
that may have been made, &c.
The modification was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, with the exception
to which the Senator from Arkansas has referred.
The amendments were concurred m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment which
has been excepted on the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the proviso :
Provided, That the President may assign to said Indians,
or any of them, any unclaimed and unoccupied tract or
tracts of land within the Territory of New Mexico, which,
in his judgment, ma) be adapted for their permanent loca-
tion and support, and on which they may be willing to con-
centrate ; and any tiact or tracts so assigned shall be and
remain for the residence and abode of any such tnbu or
tribes, or band or bands, and shall not be subject to sale or
entry, so long as Congress does not otherwise provide by
special enactment.
It will be seen that the object of the amend-
ment as incorporated into the bill on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia, is to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to redeem promises made
by Governor Merriwether, as superintendent of
Indian affairs in New Mexico, which promises |
were made in treaties negotiated with the Indian j
tribes. These treaties have not yet been acted
on in the Senate. I know that, according to the
rules of the Senate, it is not proper for me to
allude to matters which are transpiring, or have
transpired, in executive session; but as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia has made it
necessary, I presume I shall not violate the rule
by sayms: that the treaties have not been acted
on, and in all probability will not be.
The subject which these treaties introduced to
the notice of the Committee on Indian Affairs
lias engaged the serious and earnest consideration
of that committee. Under the old Spanish regime
in New Mexico, the original inhabitants of the
country, the Indians, were never recognized as
having any property in the soil, and not even a
possessory right; but were merely treated by
the Spanish authorities as persons there, and to
that extent obtained some consideration from the
Spanish Government. And they were located in
missions, which I believe is about the best form
of civilization for these Indians; but to this day
they were never recognized as having any interest
in the soil by the previous Government. It is an
idea to which they have never yet become accus-
tomed. Taking a retrospect of the policy which
our own Government has employed towards In-
dians in making treaties, recognizing boundaries,
establishing proprietary interests in the soil,
building up a huge and corrupt system of annu-
ities in money, I do not think the results of our
experiment have been such as to commend it
very forcibly to the sanction of the Senate, or,
at least, to a further extension of it, if any sub-
stitute, or any other policy, can be inaugurated,
which shall, at the same time that it may attain
all the good which has been attained under the
old system, avoiding its glaring and reprehen-
sible evils. The treaties which have been nego-
tiated in that country mostly extend to it the
present system with all its evils. We wish to
obviate that. The first part of the amendment re-
deems the pledges in money which can be given to
the Indians, and no disappointment made. The
money can be invested m presents, and in the
purchase of agricultural implements, as was the
object. I merely wish to strike out that proviso
which enables the President to assign them per-
manent homes; because, to do so, would be in
effect ratifying in another form these treaties.
The motion to strike out the proviso was agreed
to; and the amendment as thus amended was
adopted.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
On the motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of bill (S. No. 113) to amend an act
entitled, "An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment was submitted, in the nature of a substitute,
by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
That is the first question in order.
Mr. HUNTER. If any Senator desires to
speak on this subject we may go on with the bill,
but the benches are so empty that it seems to me
it would be hardly fair to vote on it in the present
condition of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. If we are to postpone it, we
may as well postpone it till some other Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. As far as I am concerned I
am willing to go on with it; but I suppose Sena-
tors thought the Indian appropriation bill would
take the whole day.
Mr. ADAMS. I am opposed to postponing
business on account of the absence of Senators.
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt there are as
many present now as we can get.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Delaware,
because I prefer that which is to be offered by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] with
the understanding that if we fail in that, this will
be renewed in committee, or in the Senate. I
shall vote against it because I do not like it as
well as that of the Senator fromJ3-eorgia, but I
prefer it to the bill of the committee.
Mr. M ALLORY. Did my friend from Virginia
 ive any reason for the postponement of the bill?
" Mr. HUNTER. I have no desire personally
for its postponement. I suggested that gentle-
men who wished to speak might go on.
Mr. MALLORY. I know of no person who
desires to speak but the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, and he is in his place. I do not
suppose we shall have any greater number of
Senators present at any time than now.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not ask a postpone-
H'jlf. IVERSON. This is a subject which
probably has elicited as much personal interest
as any other question which has been presented
to the Senate during the present session; and I
know it is very desirable to Senators generally
that it should be voted on in a full Senate. There
are certainly a number of gentlemen absent to-day
who did not anticipate that it would come up at
this particular stage of the proceedings. I think
that, to suit all minds, and ail' parties, it would
be better to postpone it until to-morrow, arid
make it a specia! order for a particular hour.
Mr. BRODHEAD. To-morrow is private bill
day. I think we have devoted but one day this
session to the consideration of private bills.' I
hope that the whole of to-morrow will be devoted
to the Private Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Georgia submit a motion ?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to with-
draw my amendment and allow the vote to be
taken in the first instance on the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is withdrawn.
The bill is open to amendment.
«d£r. TOOMBS. I now move the adoption of
the substitute which I proposed in lieu of the
original bill. It has already been printed and
laid on the Senator's tables.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil the proposition of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Before the vote is taken on
my substitute, I desire to offer an amendment to
the original bill. It is allowable by parliamentary
law and the rules of the Senate to perfect the
original bill before taking the question on the
substitute. I move, therefore, to add the follow-
ing section to the original bill:
Snc. —. Jiiul be it further enacted, That so much of the
act of the UStli of Febiuary, 1855, as authorizes any promo-
tion in the place of the officers disrated and dropped, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia that the preferable
course would be, first to amend his substitute and
put it in such a shape as he desires, and then to
take the question on it. If the substitute be voted
down, the original bill, being still open to amend-
ment, may be amended; but 1 think it would be
better, in the first place, to put the substitute in
the shape in which it is desired that it shall be
voted upon.
Mr. TOOMBS? The course which I am taking
is in accordance with parliamentary law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
to perfect the original bill before T oting on a sub-
stitute. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia, as an additional sec-
tion to the original bill.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment, I under-
stand, is to preclude the promotions now pending
before the Senate, and preclude any more pro-
motions in the Navy, and thus to destroy the
action which the naval reform contemplated.
Do I understand the amendment correctly ?
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the way you say;
that is not what I call it. It is not that there
shall be no more promotions; but that is the Sen-
ator's statement.
Mr. MALLORY. As the honorable Senator
did not explain his amendment, I put my own
construction upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Myamendment is, that there
shall be no promotions on account of the action
of the board. The Senator may mean by " naval
reform," prorations. His statement depends on
what he considers it, not on the facts of the case.
The object of my amendment is, that if this bill
be passed, there shall be no promotion on account
of the disrating or dropping of any officer, or on
account of the action of the late board. That is
the whole effect of it.  
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that amendment
will not be adopted. There arc men who have
filled some of the most important positions in the
Navy for the last ton, fifteen, or twenty years, in
one grade at an exceedingly small pay, who never
would have continued m the Navy a moment,
but for the hope of promotion and advancement
which time held out to them. The promotions
are now sent m by no act of those officers, but
they have been made by an act of Congress itself,
m its design to promote the efficiency of the
Navy. The promotions of these gentlemen have
