1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&.
851
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
those members of it who lived in the North, to
obliterate these laws, and not leave their friends
to defend them or rest under the imputations aris-
ing from their continual existence. Was it not
so, sir ? And yet the Senator from Illinois says
that we are counseling bloodshed and violence and
rapine, because we state here (what is unques-
tionably true) that the laws were an outrage in
the manner in which they were forced upon the
people, and in their character a still greater out-
rage. The latter part of the proposition has been
admitted by the Senate^ because it has, by its
own recorded vote, shown that it so considered
them.
Well, sir, what have we seen? A Legislature
was forced on the Territory, and it attempted to
pass and enforce laws. The people did not resist.
There has been no occasion when an overt act of
resistance took place; but because a person who
was illegally arrested on a peace warrant was
rescued by a few of his neighbors, away from
the city of Lawrence, miles out of it, these Mis-
souri rulers undertook and threatened to burn
down that city and destroy its people.
Is there the slightest proof that the city of Law-
rence, or the people of Lawrence, had anything
to do with the act? It is disproved in the very
report to which I have alluded. They were free
from all guilt, if guilt there was. Still an army
was at once raised, or attempted to be raised,
without any reason, which threatened and en-
deavored to destroy the city and murder the peo-
ple. That is alluded to to-day, by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, as proof that the people
there were resisting the laws, and that, when
we speak of the act as an outrage, we are coun-
seling murders and wickedness of all descriptions!
And he tells us to be careful lest we impute mo-
tives to them, because they may make us uncom-
fortable by throwing these acts back upon us.
Sir, such an arrow falls harmless from my shield,
and must necessarily so fall from the shield of
■every man who is clad in the armor of truth.
What has taken place since ? Is it not a fact,
that free-State men harve been driven out Of the
Territory ? Is it not a fact, that the Territory is at
this moment overrun by thousands of invaders,
except so far as they are controlled by United
States troops there? Is it not a feet, that all the
roads in the Territory are guarded ? Is it not a
fact, that these men have established themselves
on the Missouri river, and barred all access to
the Territory for free-State men ? Sir, these facts
cannot be denied. They are proved by what is
transpiring every day. Call it be pretended that,
if an election were to take place to-day, or as
soon as you propose by this bill, if it be passed,
free-State men could with safety go to the polls ?
I do not believe it. They have never been able
to do so up to this time. Senators tell us that
the bill provides that the polls shall be guarded,
and that the troops will take care of that. Who
will guard the Territory in the mean time?
Who will say that the men who are now left
there can remain ? Who will say that those who
are disposed to return can get back ? Who is to
destroy the barricade which has been erected on
the Missouri river? Who is to do any of those
things which will afford an opportunity for the
people who have been residents of Kansas, to
return, or those who are there now to remain in
peace and quiet, and exercise their franchise?
Does your bill provide for that? Not at all.
You have seen what has happened; you have
seen what has been done; you have winked at it;
you have approved it; at any rate you have not
raised a voice against it in the Senate, or in the
other House, or out of Congress; and yet you
come forward with a measure,at this time, aban-
doning all previous legislation on the subject, and
you call on us to vote for this bill, which simply
provided that all who are residents in the Terri-
tory on the 4th of July may vote at subsequent
elections. If you wish to do anything, why do 1
you not provide first for the pacification of the 1
Territory? Why not introduce a bill authorizing
and directing the President to put the Territory ■
in a peaceable state, to protect life, to protect'
property, to protect men in the exercise of their
ordinary avocations against this horde of ruffians? j
Then, after giving a reasonable time for the Ter-
fitory to settle down ifc qttitft, so that men may I
feel that they can vote without being molested,
and so that those who have left may feel that
they can go back in safety, provide for a fair vote
at some future period. Why not do that instead
of forcing a vote predicated_on the state of things
at this moment, with thousands of men in Mis-
souri, as is shown by the testimony before the
House committtee, who claim that to go into
Kansas and stay a night is sufficient to consti-
tute a voter, and are prepared to enforce that
claim? How many of them will go, and how
many are probably there at this moment in the
expectation that this bill will be passed, I cannot
undertake to say.
Gentlemen tell us that the commissioners will
be fair men. What authority have we for that?
As my friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade] said, some
may think them fair and some not. The honor-
able Senator from Michigan asserts that he is
satisfied they will be feirly appointed. Has he
that assurance from the President ? The Presi-
dent's ideas of what is fair may differ very much
from mine. The ideas of the honorable Senator
from Michigan may differ very much from mine.
I have respect for the Senator, and therefore will
not say what I might say in other cases—that
while he indorses'the President, there is nobody
to indorse him. I should like to know what
authority he has for making the assertion, and
on what presumption I can rely in reeard to the
matter?
Under these circumstances, Mr. President, we
are required to believe that the majority here
really expect the pacification of all the troubles
in Kansas to follow upon the enactment of this
bill, and that the question of freedom or slavery
can be fairly tried under it. It seems to me per-
fectly apparent that this is not possible, under
existing circumstances, at the period fixed for its
operation. We made the objection early, that
the time allowed was insufficient; that to fix upon
the 4th of July, present, as the day on, and by
which, residence was to be ascertained, and so
early a period thereafter for final action, was a
mere mockery, when so many free-State settlers
had been driven from the Territory, and so many
emigrants turned back, while tlje roads were
closed to settlers from the free States, and open
to all others. Sff, it looked to us very much as
if this recently-established barricade of the Mis-
souri river had a double motive. But we were
invited to propose amendments, if the time did
not suit us, to have it extended. A motion was
made to extend the time to April iext, and What
was its fate It was voted down. Again, sir,
■our fellow-citizens fn Kansas are in chains, and,
as every lawyer knows, upon the most ridiculous
pretenses in the world—charges of treason, when
you might as well found a charge of treason upon
a speech in a debating society, with no overt act
to supportit, with nothing to render such a charge
even decent in form. An amendment was offered
by the Senator from Delaware to remedy this
outrage, and prohibit such in the future. Why
was it not adopted ? Why was an amendment
which omitted so important and so just a pro-
vision substituted for it? Why were not those
Suffering and outraged men relieved of their
shackles? Senators, it would seem, are not quite
so ready to make this bill acceptable as they
would lead us to believe.
But, sir, we are coolly told, by the Sehator from
Illinois, that, because we oppose this bill, the
effect of which we well know and understand,
we must rest under the imputation of desiring
to keep this agitation open at the expense of life
and property, until after the Presidential election,
and for political objects. He has no right to say
this, sir; but I do notconlplain that he has said it.
He has no right to say it, because it is not true, j
It is founded upon no right reason. There is
nothing to justify it; and, as I said before, not-
withstanding the sounding phrase in which he
announced the effect it was to have upon the
members upon this side of the House, I feel per-
fectly unharmed by it.
Mr. President, I have said this much to justify
myself for asserting that I believe the motive, or
i if motive is not the proper word, the object, the
I great object of this bill, is to render Kansas a
slave State; that is to say, to enable her people
I to form a slave constitution. I say so, because
the facts prove to my mind that that was the de-
sign of the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and what has taken place since goes to confirm
my belief. This I regard as the sequence—the
\ last in the series of legislative provisions, calcu-
' lated to effect the same object.
Gentlemen say they have designed peace by it.
The effect of this policy will be to depopulate
Kansas. In my judgment it will be only to do
what-has before been described in better language,
" to make a solitude, and call it peace," because
you will make nothing else of it so far as the ex-
ercise of free opinions there are concerned.
Now, sir, I have a word or two more to say in
regard to the question of squatter sovereignty. 1
really believe the great fever into which the Sen-
ator from Illinois has been thrown, has been oc-
casioned by the palpable fact, that he has been
compelled to desert his own acknowledged or
professed principles. What is the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty as it has been promulgated
here ? It is to give the right to the people of the
Territories to form their own institutions as they
please, by their own legislation. Is slavery the
only thing in this country that can be called an
institution ? I think I understood the Senator
from Georgia, the other day, to say that it is per-
fectly plain and palpable that we have a right to
legislate on all subjects in relation to the Terri-
tories, except the question of slavery.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is very unfortu-
iratefin quoting me. I will reply to him when he
gets through, and I suppose! must pardon his
inaccuracies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not intend to mis-
represent the Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that, but I will state
what my principle is. It is a clear one. I have
argued over ana over again, Congress could dele-
gate to the Territories whatever powers it pos-
sessed over all subjects, and resume them at will;
but that Congress having no power on the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories, they cannot act
on it. That is my position. It may be right or
wrong, but I have argued it here for ten years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Senator
to say, then, that Congress had all power on every
subject except slavery?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all. I stated no such
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I Iwive misunder-
stood the Senator. I can only say that I have
eqtjeavpred to understand nis argument, but have
been unable Co do so. I know ne may say he is
not responsible for my want of understanding;
but on several occasions I have exerted myself
to discover what was the Senator's constitutional
argument on this matter, and I have utterly failed
on any principle of legal logic of which I am
I master, to comprehend it.
But, sir, what is squatter sovereignty ? If. it
means anything, it means that the people of a
Territory have the right to legislate on all Ordi-
nary subjects of legislation, proper to a Govern-
ment of that nature. If they have it, it is not
; with respect to slavery alone, but it includes all
other subjects of regulation. If Congress has a
right to control their legislation in One particular,
why not in all particulars ? The doctrine avowed
here, over and over again, during the debate on
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, was, that all we could
do was to organize the Territory, give it a gov-
ernment, ancTput it in operation, and there we
must stop. That was the principle avowed and
sustained. They have a kind of Legislature
there, whether rightful or wrongful is not mate-
rial to this question, and they have undertaken
to pass laws; but now the Senate interferes, and
undertakes to say that these laws are bad—out-
rageous—and Congress must interfere to repeal
or abrogate them. If you can abrogate their
laws on one subject, why not on aft? & you can
interfere with their legislation in one particular,
why not in all particulars ? I think the honor-
able Senator from Ohio [Mr. PtrGH] the other
day stated that the laws abrogated were in some
way connected with the act organizing the Ter-
ritories. What relation have they to that ?_ Can
you make anything more out of it than ordinary
legislation on ordinary subjects? Has it any-
thing to do with the form of government there ?
Not at all. It is in relation to a subject that
