J15B8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 10,
been sent in.to the Senate. I can only say, the
effect of this amendment must inevitably be, that
wh"n men have contemplated promotion of this
kind for the lapse of twenty orthirty years, when
they have occupied the subordinate position of
lieutenant, they will now be kept back for twenty
or thirty years longer. This will be the result of
this move. If it succeed, there will scarcely be
a man in the Navy, who can obtain any other
employment of honest livelihood, who will remain
intheservicea momentundersuch circumstances.
I see no reason for, nor any benefit to the country
to be produced by such an amendment. I cannot
see anypossiblc benefit on earth which will result
from it to the Navy. There will be no saving
to the G-overnment. These promotions will call
active men into the service in responsible posi-
tions. This will prevent it.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to inquire of
the honorable Senator from Georgia, if the word
"disrated," as he uses it in his amendment,
means "retired ?" Would it not be better to say
4fthe dropped and retired officers r"
Mr. TOOMBS. Perhaps "retired" would be
a better word. ^
Mr. BAYARD. I do not consider that the
word "disrated" properly expresses the idea.
Mr. TOOMBS. I modify my amendment by
substituting "retired" for "disrated."
Mr. BAYARD. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, as I am to the same principle embodied in
the substitute intended to be offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia. I desire to do jus-
tice to those who I think have been dismissed or
retired without a trial or a hearing; but I am not
willing to do injustice to those who, not being
actors in the matter, have themselves, under a
law of Congress, reached to an advanced rank.
I would much rather, if it were necessary, in-
crease the expenses of the Navy for a limited
time—and to a very small extent it would be—
than do that injustice and check the aspirations
of officers who have been placed in this position
by means of action taken legitimately under .the
direction of Congress, though 1 think the law
itself was unadvisablo and wrong in principle.
3 shall therefore? vote against, the amendment,
and I have no difficulty myself on the score of
expense. I cannot understand the doctrine, that
because our Navy cost us less twenty or thirty
years ago than now, when we nre a great com-
mercial people, and when, as necessarily incident
to the extension of our corritnerce, the Navy
ought to be enlarged, we should not expect the
^ expenses of the Navy to increase with the in-
crease and extension of the wealth and commerce
of the nation. No consideration of that kind
would restrain mo for a moment in that respect.
I do not desire to sec improper persons m the
Navy; 1 desire to sec the Navy placed on a foot-
ing of competency; and, therefore, i think there
ought to be a permanent retired list, avoiding the
danger of an unlimited half-pay list. I am op-
posed to the principle which is involved m this
amendment, and must necessarily vote against
it.
Mr. TOOMBS. In reply to the Senator from
Florida, I will say, that Ins speech is an admis-
sion of what I have seen, and the country has
seen. What he means by "naval reform" is
promotion in the Navy. That is all that was ever I
meant by it; and that is all this scheme was got- j
ten up for; and X have no doubt that, if the Sen- j
ate act on these undeniable principles—principles I
which the chairman of the Naval Committee has j
not denied—they will pass this bill as it is. He !
does not state his objection to this amendment*to j
be that the country wants more officers; ho has j
not told the Senate or the country that the Navy !
wants more officers; he has not told us that any
more can be used; but that the officers want
promotion! If the_ Senate are acting on that
principle, 1 admit his argument is well enough.
II it be the purpose of this body, when you can-
not use the officers you have—when you want no
moic than you have got, and cannot use what
you now have—to give them promotion, because i
they want it, the policy of the chairman of the j
Naval Committee is correct. They staged m this |
proceeding on that idea, and that is where they I
expect to come out. ;
The Senator says this will depress the hopes of j
these men. Not in the least. They ought to have ;
expected to get promotion according to existm* I
law and such other laws as when perfected should
give it to thein.* It is very certain that this law
is not perfected* It is very certain to my mind
that it ought never to be. The action of the Pres-
ident proposing promotion was right, because it
was the law then; but not having been executed,
it is unquestionably competent for the Congress
of the XJnited States to say that all officers proposed
to be promoted under that law shall go out of ser-
vice. We can do it at any time. We can dimin-
ish the scrvice as we please. We have enlarged
and diminished it from time to time since the be-
ginning of the Government.
Now, as it is clear that we cannot use all these
officers—as it is not pretended by the Naval Com-
mittee, or any one else, that they are wanted,
why object to this amendment? Besides, as I
have shown on a former occasion, the act of Feb-
ruary, 3855, cannot be possibly carried out in
this respect. It is not proper that these pro-
motions should be made, because that bill says
the number of officers shall not be increased.
Well, does not everybody know that, if you pass
this bill, instead of sixty-eight captains, there will
be over one hundred?
t Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from Geor-
gia allow me to interrupt him ? He made that
assertion before, and, if I understood him and
understood myself, I then showed its incorrect-
ness. The law provides that the aggregate num-
ber of officers shall not be increased. You may
increase the captains five hundred, provided you
do not increase the aggregate number. I say the
aggregate number is not increased. Furthermore,
while I am up, if I do not intrude on my friend's
time, I will say, that the expenses have not been
increased. On a former occasion, he produced
same figures obtained from a member of the House
of Representatives, to show that the expense had
been increasod. I have gone over those figures.
The Secretary of the Navy has given us a dis-
tinct assurance, on his official responsibility, that
the expense has not been increased. I have made
my calculations, and I find that the expenses
under the present law are reduced about $80,000.
and the number of officers is not increased, and
cannot be increased, because, while you increase
| the higher ranks, you decrease (he junior grades,
| and the pay of the promoted officers remains the
| same as that of the inferior rank, until they re-
| ceive actual promotion by the death or resigna-
l tion of the incumbents whose places thev take,
j Mr. TOOMBS. This is another delusion, and
S this whole measure has been nothing but delusion
i and evasion for the sole purpose of getting pro-
motion. Everybody knows that you must have
I inferior officers. The Senator told me, in the last
; debate we had on this subject, that he wished
; there were no midshipmen in our service; but
j everybody knows that they are important to the
[ service. The existing law makes a complement
! consist of so many officers, and if you increase
the superior officers and send them to sea, you
must have the ship's complement, unless you alter
the law. Instead of having four hundred and
eighty-four midshipmen, osthe law requires, you
have not half so many. Whether you term them
masters or not, you must have that number ac-
cording to the naval complement. The reason
they are not presented now is that it is proposed
11 to get through the head, with a full confidence that
!j the tail will follow. Do you propose to send a
jj ship to sea without any officers subordinate to a
11 lieutenant: Do you propose to make a man a
j lieutenant at once without any previous practice ?
i Mr. MALLORY. I will answer ray friend on
the spot, if he desires it. If he had looked deeper
j into the snhjertjie would have seen the errors into
| which—I say if with due respect to him—he has
! fallen. _ It has long been.the practice in the Navy
I to appoint master's mates. They are men grown;
they are seamen; they are rated one grade above
| ordinary seamen, and get low pay. These men
: do the duty of midshipmen. Midshipmen are
j useless. They have been felt to be so ever since
j the last war. The number is decreasing rapidly.
; Even the midshipmen in the Naval Academy, until
| they graduate, see four months' sea scrvice in a
year, but they go in a practice ship, not in a man
of war, as officers, todo the'duties which mid-
shipmen did under kelson when a midshipman
was twenty-five or twenty-seven years old. The
shipmaster, by the authority of the commander
of every ship tn every port of the United States,
employs a master's mate to do the duties which
midshipmen didformerly,and they are necessarily
^ much better done. "VVe do not want these young
men of whom the honorable Senator speaks, and
the appointments of the Naval Academy are regu-
lated accordingly.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is entirely delusive.
The gentleman is informing me on a subject that
was not up. He need not suppose that, by the
Senate constituting him the head of the Naval
Committee, he is exclusively informed of all the
details of seamanship, and that I know nothing
about them except what i get from him. I do
not pretend to be a naval officer. All I know on
the subject is from the laws passed by the Con-
gress of the United States for the government of
the Navy. There is where my information comes
from.
As I was saying, whether you call them mid-
shipmen or masters, you must have a body of
men to do these duties. The Senator says that
midshipmen have been found to be useless ever
since the last war. It is a most extraordinary
fact, that the Department was going on increasing
them from day to day, from week to week,from
month to month, since the last war down to 1842,
when Congress had to interpose, and say, "You
shall not do it any more." That has been the
history of the naval service. The Secretaries of
the Navy increased the midshipmen every week
by tens, and twenties, and fifties, until Congress
had to stretch out the strong arm of the law, and
say to them, "You shall not make more mid-
shipmen than are now in the service; that shall
be the maximum." That is the law of the land to-
day. All these grades—masters and otheis—are
regulated by law. The act of lfioo did not alter,
and was not intended to alter, them.
As for the question of expense, I wholly differ
from the gentleman. He may figure it as he
pleases, but it is absolutely certain that you are
paying one hundred captains, instead of sixty-
eight; that you are paying fifty or sixty more
lieutenants than you did before. You liavo in-
creased the grades of higher officers, and there
the great bulk of the pay is. if you are tempo-
rarily deficient in midshipmen or masters, von
must bring them in hereafter, as necessary to
carry on the service. I know it, and everybody
knows it. The chairman of the committee knows
as well as I do that tins is all a delusion. You
have got now the persons in different employ-
ment, it is true. You put a commander to ser-
vice 011 the Navy board, and he is made a captain.
Hence this alacrity. Some you send to sea, Tlu-
effect has been to increase the expense. On that
point the calculation is clear, distinct, and une-
quivocal. I refer the Senator to tin- figures. He
says he has locked at them, but the Secretarv
of the Navy says it is not so. It stands on the-
will of the Secretary of the Navy. He can
increase or diminish the expense, as he pleases,
according to whether he puts men on duty or off;
whether he puts commanders 011 captains'duties,
as in some eases. The increased pay by the bill
will result when he places them in the captains'
position. There is 110 check by law, even if it be
true, as the Senator asserts, that the existing pay-
roll is less than before. The bill leaves it at the
option of the Secretary of the Navy to increase
it at his pleasure; and the day you puss this bill
he can run the expense up to eighty 01- one imn -
dred thousand dollars. That feature everybody
who can see and read understands.
The pay is affected by the position of the offi-
cers. Many of them have been promoted, I
suppose, to aid this bill, and to produce " alac-
rity" for an argument. Some are put 111 a "very
advantageous position; others occupy the same
place they did before. Many are kept precisely
where they were before their increased rank. Jiut,
sir, the fact is clear as to what was the meaning
of the whole complaint of the Naval Committee
ill all their talk about reform, and complaining
that many of these men had not seen sea-service
for ten or fifteen, or twenty or thirty years. As
it is now, this evil is necessarily increased, in-
stead of being reformed. If you could not lilid
work for sixty-eight captains, liow is it possible
to find work for one hundred ? It is not intended
to do it. It was intended for nothing but to give
promotion. It was intended by those who were
eager for promotiop to cut down and slaughter
their comrades who stood in their way. Sir, by
