852
. appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Toombs, Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
I
comes under their control, and is particularly
domestic. Why have we the right to interfere
with these laws, if we cannot control the whole
subject of legislation over the Territories? How
can Congress undertake to say, that because cer-
tain parts of their legislation are unwise, unjust,
and impolitic, we will interfere and abrogate them,
and yet have our power limited as to the whole ?
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator has reference to
me, I beg leave to say to him that I have not
voted to abrogate any law in Kansas, because
I thought it was unjust or unwise. I have sim-
ply voted to abrogate those laws which in my
judgment were contrary to the provisions of the
undamental organic law of the Territory, and
none other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
took no pains to show how they were opposed
to the organic law of the Territory. It was a
remark made by him that he voted to repeal
them for that reason, but he did not condescend
to explain to the Senate how, and in what par-
ticulars, they were opposed to the organic law.
Mr. PUGH. I endeavored to do it, and was
in the act of doing it, when the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] appealed to me not to
detain the Senate longer at that hour of the
morning, and I gave way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For some reason or
other it was not done. I think it would puzzle the
Senator, or anybody else, to tell how these laws
were opposed to the organic act of the Territory.
They were, as I said before, mere acts of ordina-
ry legislation on subjects of very great interest.
They had reference to voting; they had reference
to the tests and qualifications of voters; they had
reference to offenses against the Territory, as
crimes over which they had jurisdiction. Does
the Senator from Ohio say that the organic act of
the Territory prohibits them from defining what
shall be a crime, and providing for the punish-
ment of that crime ? It is the very first principle
of legislation, and lies at the foundation, to define
offenses against the laws, and provide punish-
ment for those offenses. What has that to do
with the organic act? I think the Senator will be
somewhat troubled to show it.
Mr, PUGH. If the Senator wishes me to
explain, I think I can do it in a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be very happy to
hear the Senator.
Mr. PUGH. I have no doubt of their power
to define offenses; but when Congress says by
law, that the people of a Territory shall decide
whether they will make it a slaveholding State,
or a non-slaveholding State, that involves the
right to debate the question before decision, and
the Legislature has no right to say that debating
it shall be an offense. That they cannot define
as a crime.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir, that is
the Senator's argument; but let me go a little
further, and ask him how is the act, requiring an
attorney to take an oath to support the fugitive
slave law, opposed to the organic law of the
Territory ?
Mr. PUGH. I say we have the right to de-
fine who are the people to whom we have dele-
gated the authority of deciding the question,
we did it jn the original act. We defined the
qualifications of voters for the first election in so
many words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But what as to the law
in reference to practitioners at the bar?
Mr. PUGH. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, not now in his seat, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] insisted that the bar was the great protec-
tion of human liberty, that we ought not to im-
pose on them any test which was not required
for the exercise of the right of suffrage. I yielded
the point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
voted to repeal that; but 1 tell you if you take
any one, and interfere with it by legislation here,
you upset vour whole doctrine. That is the dif-
ficulty, ana the cause, in my judgment, why the
Senator from Illinois was so exceedingly sensi-
tive on the subject, and why he replied with so
much h^at to the remarks made by my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] Itis because this ridic-
ulous idea of popular sovereignty is sent back
by tfns'bijl to that state of contempt and derision
from which it was rescued, for the purpose of
passing the original Kansas act—that very thing
out of which so much capital has been made, and
attempted to be made before the community, is
now gone, and gone at a very unfortunate period
for gentlemen, in my judgment.
Sir, I am interested in the election about to
come off before the people. I claim to have as
much interest in it as any other person. Whether
I am a Republican, or a Black Republican, or
an Abolitionist, makes very little difference. I
intend, with what strength I have, to expose
before the people as much of these proceedings
as I am able to do, and to designate them by
what I conceive to be their true character. I
intend to hold up this bill which has been passed—
I say it in no unparliamentary sense—as a fraud
and a cheat upon the people, apparently designed
for the purpose of pacificating Kansas, out bring-
ing with it the purpose, if possible, of making :
Kansas a slave State, during the existence of this
Administration, and before the people have been
able to decide whether the Administration shall
be in very different hands. I notify gentlemen i
of this, but, as I said before, Tdo not mean to |
represent that the bill is not, upon its face,
apparently an honest bill; that at other times,
and under other circumstances, it might and
would not be likely to produce good effects. At
the present time it is delusive. It pretends to
hold out peace, and it does nothing to Wing about
peace. It pretends to give quiet, but it leaves
the people in the Territory, and out of the Ter-
ritory, as much at liberty to commit outrages
from this time to the next fall as ever. It does
not protect a single man in going to the Territory,
or living quietly while he is there; and it does not
Eretend to do so. It only provides that if he find
is way there, he may live there if he can; he
may stay there if he dares; he may remain if he
will risk his life and property in doing it; and
then, if he does all that, and can find his way to
the polls, there will be a guard of United States
soldiers ready to protect him in putting in his
ballot, if his name is upon the list. That is all.
1 have the greatest respect for the ability of the
Senator from Georgia, and of the Senator from
Illinois; and I really hope they do not think so
meanly of me as to suppose that I am deluded by
the pretentious appearances of this bill. I hope
they do not think so contemptuously of those
who constitute the minority of the Senate, as to
suppose that they have been deluded for an in-
stant by any of the pretenses which have been
held out as the foundation of this bill. I have
not been, my friends have not been, so deluded.
Gentlemen must go a great deal further. If they
want to render,Kansas peaceable, let them do it
properly in time, and let them allow people to re-
turn there, and live in quiet, and find that they
can exercise their rights as citizens. When this
has been done—when the evils that the original
bill has occasioned have been removed, make
provision that, when the people come to exercise
the right of suffrage, they shall be protected by
all the power of the Government, if need be.
When tliey do this, I shall believe that it is their
design and wish to have a fair and honest expres-
sion of the will of the people of Kansas on the ,
question whether it is to be a free State or a slave |
State. i
Before I rose, I designed, Mr. President, to say j
something on the general subject more than I have
said heretofore, but I have already spoken longer
than I had intended, in defending myself for the
single remark I made this morning. I wish to
say, again, that I deny that the people of free
States, or the members on this side of the Cham- 1
ber—the minority of the Senate—are responsible
for what has been done in Kansas. Who have
committed the murders there ? What murder has
been committed bv a free-State man ? Who have
burned dwellings? What proof have you that
any dwelling has been fired by a free-State man?
Who have destroyed cities ?
Mr. PUGH. I will tell the Senator, if he will
permit me. 1 had a letter from a member of the
Topeka convention, in which he told me that two
pro-slavery men had been killed that day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But did he tell you how
they had been killed; whether in self-defense or
not?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir, merely that they had
been killed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We know that the peo-
ple of Kansas have been assailed, and many of
them murdered, simply because they would not
agree to make Kansas a slave State.
Mr. PUGH. My recollection of the case to
which I alluded is, that the writer of the letter said
the men were murdered. He spoke of it depre-
catingly, and thought it would do great injury to
their cause.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. I assert, there has as yet
been no proof of a single murder committed by a
free-State man. There has been no proof that a
single dwelling has been fired by a free-State
man. There has been no proof that any city has
been sacked by any number of free-State men.
There is no proof of robberies by free-State men.
That there are some bad men in the Territory,
coming from free States, I have no doubt.
But when the assertion is broadly made that
we are upholding murder and arson, and all other
crimes there, I reply, it is not very likely that we
should desire to uphold you or your friends;
you need not attempt to defend yourselves behind
us; we have not patronized, we have not ap-
proved your proceedings. There has been noth-
ing said on our side that you can lay your hands
on, which justifies any such remark, in any shape
or form.
Sir, whatever denunciation the Senator from
Illinois may indulge in, with reference to the re-
marks made here on the character of this trans-
action, they will produce no effect on me, and
certainly none on the people whom I represent.
They have sources of information upon which
they rely, in reference to this matter, and they
will not take broad assertions made by gentlemen
in the Senate, as sufficient proof in contravention
of facts well ascertained and established.
Again, sir, the Senator from Illinois seems to
think that all that is said on this side of the Sen-
ate is aimed particularly at him. His argument
is, " you accuse me, me, of this and that." Why,
sir, I mean to impute no more to him than to
other Senators wno sustain the same position;
and I do not conceive that the Senator from Illi-
nois embodies the whole ability and the whole
power to represent the majority of the Senate.
There is some little ability left, I think, among
other gentlemen who compose the Democratic
party;and I beg him to consider that the speeches
which we make, if we make any, are not aimed
particularly at him, or designed in any shape or
form to diminish any influence which he may
possess. We do not deem that an object of any
consequence, especially not at this particular
time.
Mr. TOOMBS next addressed the Senate. His
remarks will be found on page 869.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, is it the inten-
tion of honorable Senators to take the vote to-day ?
["Yes."] Then, sir, itis my intention to throw
myself upon the indulgence of the Senate, even
at this late hour;for I cannot per/nit the question
to pass from the Senate without replying to some
of the remarks which have fallen from you, sir,
[Mr Bigler, in the chair,] from the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and from the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who has just
taken his seat. The intentions, objects, and pur-
poses of this darling scheme to close the contest in
Kansas by crowning the conquests of the lawless
conquerors of that Territory,have been promptly
laid open to the gaze of the public eye. Stung
to the quick by this prompt exposure of this gi-
gantic fraud upon the country, you, sir, and the
Senators from Illinois and Georgia, have indulged
in a line of remark towards the minority here,
who have baffled your designs by exposing your
objects, that I do not choose to let pass unnoticed.
I regret that you, sir, at this moment occupy
the chair, as I had intended to speak with some
degree of plainness of the wanton charge made
by you against me, of misrepresenting the pro-
visions of your bill. There is not the shadow
of truth upon which to base the charge you have
made. When and how have I misrepresented
the bill? What provision of the bill have I mis-
represented ? Point it out, sir; name it, sir. You
cannot do it. None of your associates can do
it, and you and they know that we have not
