1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBtf.
853
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
misrepresented a single provision of your pet
scheme. Here and now, I defy you to point me to
a single provision of your bill that I have in any
way whatever misrepresented or misstated. At
no time, on no occasion, have I ever misrepre-
sentedyourmeasure,inany respectwhatever; and
the debates will fully sustain this declaration.
The terms of the bill are plain and clear, and
will be comprehended readily by the Senate and
the country. There it is, plain to the comprehen-
sion of any intelligent man in or out of the Senate.
What I have said, and what I believe religiously,
is, that the adoption of this bill by this Congress
will close the question, and make Kansas a slave
State of this Union; that it will consummate the
lawless violence, commencing on the 30th of
March, 1855, and now raging almost unchecked
in that Territory.
The provisions of your measure we have not
misrepresented; the present condition of Kansas
we have not misstated. The intentions of the
authors of this darling scheme of pacification are to
be ascertained by an examination of the terms of
the measure, and the circumstances and condi-
tion of the Territory. If, in the present condition
of the Territory, the passage of the measure will
make Kansas "a slaveholding State, you who
eupport the scheme will be held, in the Senate
and before the country, responsible for its legiti-
mate results. Sir, the Senators from Pennsylva-
nia and Illinois may vehemently deny the charge;
you may pronounce it unfounded, as you have
done; but the people will hold your intentions to
be to accomplish what your measure is calculated
to accomplish—the conversion of Kansas into a
slaveholding Commonwealth. You of the ma-
jority here may protest, you may deny, you may
denounce, but the practical judgment of the coun-
tiy pronounces the intentions of the authors of the
bill to be to make Kansas a slaveholding State.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, who has
led in the Senate, and stands before the country
as the recognized leader in the movement for the
repeal of the Missouri prohibition, and for the
organization of the Territory, has been pleased
to charge upon us of the minority, and upon our
speeches here, the scenes of lawless violence which
have transpired in the Territory. Sir, he has no
right to draw even an inference from any word
that ever dropped from my lips, here or elsewhere,
to justify a charge so entirely groundless. I have
never heard any Senator on this floor utter a sin-
gle sentiment calculated to excite violence in that
Territory by the free-State men. What have
the free-State men to gain by lawelss violence ?
Nothing. Peace, law, and order, are necessary
to proteet them in the exercise of their rights—to
protect them in the free enjoyment of those opin-
ions which we believe are to make Kansas a free
State. The charge has'no foundation: no man
here believes it; no man in the country believes
it; it is based on no act of ours, in or out of the
Senate; and the Senator from Illinois knows the
charge to be as groundless as it is unjust. From
die time that the honorable Senator introduced
the proposition to repeal the Missouri compro-
mise, on the 7th of January, 1854, to this period,
I have paid some little attention to the affairs of
Kansas, and I profess to know something of them.
In spite of the declarations made to-day, and in
spite of the language used early in the aebate by
the-honorable gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] in regard to " mendacious tales" on
this floor concerning Kansas, I have never uttered
a word here on the subject that any Senator dared
to contradict. I will take that word back—they
have contradicted it; but no Senator ever conde-
scended to disprove what I have said, and none
ever will.
Sir, what I have uttered in regard to affairs in
Kansas I knew to be true and accurate. I have
friends in Kansas; there are intelligent and truth-
ful men there with whom I am in communication;
I know something of their history and their strug-
gles; and although the country is appalled at the
mass of evidence presented by the House com-
mittee, I say the report of that committee does
not begin to come up to the actual truth. There
is a record of lawless violence; there is a record
of outrages upon property, liberty, and life; but
there is no record of the agonies which the peo-
ple have endured by day and 'by night. Peace-
able men who never held a weapon in their hands
in all their lives; Christian men who carry their
Bibles and their prayer-books instead of knives
and revolvers wherever they go, have been hunted
down. They have suffered agonies untold. The
record of their agonies will never be read by
mortal eye; the world will never fully comprehend
the atrocities committed in that Territory, or the
sufferings endured by that people. That day
which shall reveal all things may reveal the un-
told miseries of that people, but the world will
never know how much of suffering has been en-
dured in that ill-fated Territory. I will read an
extract from a letter, recently received from a
friend in that Territory, a man of peaceful life,
of high intellectual and moral culture. He writes:
"The whole truth has not been, and never can be told.
Even your congressional committee's report, astounding as
it may be, will not lift the vail from very many scenes of
bloodshed, violence, plunder, and oppression. You get
the main features, and many of the details, enough to
damn any people on the liice of the earth; and were such
outrages committed on American citizens by a band of
cannibals in the Pacific ocean, or Indians on the Rocky
Mountains, a force sufficient to annihilate them would
be started within twenty-four hours. It is true, you realize
that we are deprived of our rights, subject to cruel and
oppressive laws, our citizens occasionally robbed and mur-
dered ; but of the thousand petty annoyances, and more
serious aggressions on our persons and property, of which
we have been victims during this reign of terror, you prob-
ably have no idea. All business has been paralyzed, so
that many men, who depend on tbeir daily earnings to sup-
port their families, are destitute, and actually suffer from
want of suitable food. Many are driven about and hunted
down like wild beasts. Our men are kept from tbeir farm
work, and prevented from raising a crop this year, our
enemies swearing we shall raise nothing to live on. Bands
of ruffians have been prowling about in every direction,
and no single man's life or property was safe, night or day.
When I go from home, or send a team and any of the
boys, I have felt it was an even chance, whether we ever
returned; and at night ( get my cattle around my house,
my rifle at hand, t lie down feeling that I may be aroused
by the assassin, or robber, before morning. It is this con-
stant feeling of insecurity that is the essence of our griev-
ances. Almost daily men are stopped, robbed of their
money, loading, and teams,sometimes murdered, and Some-
times a rope put around tbeir necks and choked, or drawn
up to the limb of a tree, and otherwise abused, and then
suffered to escape from the Territory."
The Senator from Illinois to-day has had another
fling at the emigrant aid society. That society
came here some time ago with a memorial, stating
facts which have never been disproved; and yet,
honorable Seiiators rise and assail this society,
and urge its existence and its acts as an apology
for the outrages which have occurred in Kansas.
Sir, no man ever went to Kansas by the aid of
that society, that has corrfmitted an unlawful act
in that Territory which you have ever proved.
Here, to-day, before the Senate and the country
I ask you.to find—I defy you to find— a man who
ever entered the Territory under the auspices of
the emigrant aid society, that has committed an
act of murder, robbery, plunder, or any unlawful
act. Notwithstanding what the Senator from
Georgia states of them, I say here that the emi-
grants from the East, settled at Lawrence, settled
at Ossawatamie, and at other points in that Ter-
ritory, in point of intelligence and personal char-
i acter will bear a comparison not unfavorable with
! the population of any section of this Union. They
are a law-abiding and law-loving—a liberty-loving
and order-loving people—men who call no man
master, and wish to call no man a slave.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me ask the Senator
whether Brown, the editor of the Lawrence
paper, is not one of them ?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, he is not; he is a
Pennsylvanian, I believe; but whether he be from
Pennsylvania or the West, he has committed no
offense. One of the eastern men has been shot
down—I refer to the murdered Dow; but it so
happens that most of the murders which have
been committed have fallen on men who went
there from the Northwest, by their own volition,
without aid, pioneer-men—bolder men, perhaps,
than our New Englanders, who are the last men
in the world to get into a controversy, but not
always the last to get out of it.
Mr. President, against the unsustained asser-
tions of the Senator from Illinois, and his asso-
ciates, in regard to the emigrant aid society, I
put the memorial of the executive committee of
that company, presented to the Senate by me on
the 25th of June. Sir, I have the honor to know
the gentlemen who signed this memorial, and I
know them to be gentlemen of intelligence and of
character—men whose statements would not be
questioned by any one in the community where
they reside. The first signer of the memorial,
Mr. Williams, is a native of Virginia, now a
large shipping merchant of the city of Boston.
I call the attention of the Senate to the statements
embodied in this memorial—statements that
should silence forever the audacious assertions
made here in regard to that company:
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, Executive Committee of the New England
Emigrant Jiid Company, respectfully represent, That a re-
port made March 12,1858, to the Senate by the Committee
on Territories, in which this company was referred to, and
recent occurrences in the Territory of Kansas affecting this
company, require us to appear before you, and to ask im-
mediate attention to the facts stated, and the requests herein
made.
Lest the report above mentioned should have led to erro-
neous views in regard to this company, we ask leave, first, to
set forth some of the many errors and misrepresentations of
that report, and to explain the true objects and real action
of the company.
The charter of the company does not allow a capital of
five millions, but only of one million of dollars ; and the
capital actually paid in has never exceeded one hundred
thousand dollars.
The act of incorporation does not make the State of Mas-
sachusetts in any way a party to the proceedings of the
company.
The company is not the origin of the troubles in Kansas
by its " unauthorized and im proper schemes of foreign inter-
ference with the internal concerns of the Territory,'' " in
violation of the principles and in evasion of the provisions
of the Kansas-Nebraska act," having never acted contrary
to any law of Congress, or infringed in any way upon the
letter or spirit of the laws or regulations of any State or
Territory, or the right of any citizen.
The company has never invested a dollar in any of the
implements of war. -  
It has Dever sent out persons to control the elections in
Kansas, nor hired any pian (except its business agents) to
go there, nor paid the passage of a single emigrant—nor is
it within the knowledge of the officers of the company that
any person has gone out under its auspices with any other
view than to settle and stay there.
The company has never taken or demanded any pledge
or obligation of any kind from any person nor is it proba-
ble that any pledge would have been given if demanded.
Although we are in frequent and direct communication
with the citizens of Missouri, as well as those of Kansas,
we have never known of any violence or hostility offered by
emigrants from the North or East to any citizen of Missouri,
or to any other citizen. The emigrant parties are, and have
always been, open to all, whether coming from the North
or the South.
The purposes and action of the company have never been
concealed—are obvious, simple, and need not be misunder-
stood. The purposes are to facilitate the settlement of the
Territories of the United States by a population of free and
intelligent citizens, and at ttte game time to make advan-
tageous investments of capital there. These two purposes
have been fully explained arid made public in the various
publications of the company.
The means by which it acts are not" unusual," or " ex-
traordinary," or for the purpose of " stimulating a forced
and unnatural system of emigration."
They consist merely in placing capital, in the form of saw
and grist mills, hotels, &c., in favorable localities, when
population follows, as it has done, and as itis well known to
have done, throughout the West.
To do this is our whole plan, ltappearstous to afford no
room for just reproach, and its legality is beyond a doubt.
That it has been beneficial to Kansas, and to all concerned,
is proved by the satisfaction of the settlers, by their frequent
application to us for further investments, by the flattering
prospects of our enterprises, and the prosperity of the Ter-
ritory until the late occurrences.
We claim, therefore, as citizens of the United States, and
as a corporate body, acting in no wise contrary to the laws,
and infringing in no way upon the rights of any other citizen,
the same right to pursue our business free from molestation
and interference, in the Territory of Kansas, that we have
to pursue it in any other part of our common country.
Instead of being allowed to do so, however, it has hap-
pened that our proper enterprises have been vexatiously
and illegally interfered with.
That a large and valuable building, known as the Eld-
ridge House, or Free-State Hotel, belonging to the com-
pany, in the town of Lawrence, Kansas Territory, has been
illegally destroyed by cannon and fire, and, to the best of the
knowledge and belief of your petitioners, this destruction
has been caused by, or with the consent of, or through the
culpable negligence of officers of the General Government.
That other property belonging to the company has also
been destroyed through the same causes; and yourpetition-
ers have reason to fear that still further depredations will be
committed by the same lawless persons.
That great losses and distress have been inflicted not only
upon this company, but on many unoffending citizens of the
Territory.
That your petitioners can satisfactorily prove all the above
statements.
They therefore pray your honorable body to take steps to
cause this illegal destruction immediately to cease, the
offenders to be brought to justice, and compensation to be
made for the losses and injuries sustained. „
JOHN M. S. WILLIAMS,
S. CABOT, Jr.,
L. B. RUSSELL,
V. J. H1GGINSON,
W. B. SPOONER.
