1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
fress. When there was no law limiting the num-
er of junior officers in the Navy, it was natural
that those junior officers, after remaining in the
service a great while,and having grown up in it,
should desire an increased rank. They naturally
desired to be seniors instead of juniors. That
evil arose out of political considerations.
Mr. HALE. I remember the history of that
jnaiter. I think an attempt was made aboot 1840
to increase to a large extent the officers of the
Navy, and new nominations came in in such a
quantity that Congress had to interfere and pre-
vent them, and did interfere and fix a limit very
soon afterwards. In 1842, to obviate a difficulty
which it was said existed in the way these appoint-
ments were made, there was an attempt to throw
them all over the country,and have the midship-
men appointed as the cadets are at West Point.
It does not appear that favoritism has ruined
West Point. Here was an attempt to apply the
same rule to the Navy; and by a bill lessening
the midshipmen and destroying them, you take
awaythc influence of that popular opinion, you
take away the legitimate influence of the members
of the House of Representatives, and throw these
appointments into the very hands of which the
Senator from Delaware complains.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It appears to me, Mr.
President, that on the proposition before the Sen-
ate the question is in a nut-shell, it is alleged
on the one side, and may be considered as con-
ceded by the other, that there are some cases of
injustice committed by the board, which would
not have been a board composed of human beings
if it had not committed errors. Now, there are
two modes of remedying the injustice! the one
proposed by the Senator from Georgia—the other
by the Committee on Naval Affairs. What are
the two modes ?
The Senator from Georgia proposes to annul the
promotion accorded to every officer of the Navy
by virtue of an act of Congress, carried out by
the President in conformi ty willi our instructions,
He proposes to annul those promotions, and put
the officers back; that is his remedy. The rem-
edy of the Naval Committee is not to inflict what
they consider this injustice on the officers thus
promoted, who in their estimation have, if not a
vested title, at all events a fair claim on the coun-
try to preserve them-in the offices to which they
have been promoted according to the behests of
Congress. The Naval Consmittec therefore say,
"Do not destroy the promotioi^f these officers,
which will create great confusion and wrong, but
examine into the cases of injustice which have
been done; restore those officers who have been
unjustly retired or dropped to the same rank—the
same position they would have held if the law
had not been executed. Thus you injure no one,
you do injustice to nobody; you disappoint no
just expectation; you blight no hope winch any
officer had a right to entertain; you destroy the
fruition of nothing which any officer considered
he had justly acquired by the laws of the coun-
try."
What is the objection to that? The Senator
from Georgia makes but one objection — but
one: it is possible it would cost a little more to
the Government for a few years. Now, sir, so
far as my vote is concerned, I would rather pay
a little more than do what I consider such a
wrong to the officers who have been promoted.
None of us object to doing what is fair and just
to any officer who may have suffeted by the ac-
tion of the board. Put him back in his position ;
give him the same rank he would have had if the |
injustice had not been committed ; provide tliafc
for the time being this small augmentation of the
number of officers in the different grades shall be
at the expense of the country, but that that ex-
pense shall not be a permanent one—that as these
additional officers drop off from the service-list
their places shall not be filled again.
's the result of that: All are satisfied: ,
all will perform their public duties with alacrity; j
every officer will feel that justice has been done ;
to him, and that his country has treated him even '
generously; and the entire effect will be, after a I
short time, an addition of some twenty or thirty i
thousand dollars to the pay-roll of the Navy. ;
Take any other course, and you disorganize the i
public service; you give rise to embittered feel- i
ings; you render inefficient an arm which is ne-!
ceesary to the public safety as well in time of I
peace as in time of war; and you give rise to a
series of evils which no man can now foresee, and
which, in my judgment, the wisdom of Congress
will hereafter be incompetent to correct.
I see no kind of comparison between these two
remedies. I see no necessity for the wholesale
remedy of the Senator from Georgia, when the
point which he wishesto reach is just as efficiently
reached by the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee, while at the same time there is no possi-
ble objection to it, except the small additional
annual expense for a short time to be imposed
upon the public Treasury. I trust, therefore,
that amendment will be voted down. The whole
case is just as I have stated it, neither more nor
less. I trust we shall all be ready rather to vote
this small addition to the pay-roll of the Navy
than do injustice to any gallant or meritorious
public officer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot allow the statement
of my friend from Louisiana to stand uncontra-
dicted, for he is far, very far, from properly de-
scribing either measure. In the first place, if I
understand the bill of the committee, it does not
propose to do what he says it does. It takes no
note of those who have been retired. Such is
my recollection, but it is some time since I read it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will inform the Senate
that 1 spoke of the measure of the committee,
with an amendment to that effect that has been
prepared already, and is to be proposed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know nothing of that. T
am arguing on the bill as it is, and the gentleman
on one going to be proposed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Take that for granted.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 am glad to see the Naval
Committee come up to that point.
Mr. MALLOItY. I can tell the Senator that
I have before me a bill as amended in the mode
suggested by my friend from Louisiana. The
reason why the committee did not propose an
amendment to extend the provision to the retired
and furloughed officers was, that some of those
gentlemen had been retired and furloughed on
account of old age in the actual service of their
country, and the idea of trying a man of that
character never occurred to me. It has been sug-
gested, however, that it would be better to apply
the bill to them; and J said to the friends of the
measure that, if such an amendment were offered,
I would sustain it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am discussing the bill as it
is before the country, and the gentlemen are dis-
cussing a bill not before the country. I get rid
of the difficulty suggested by the chairman in the
bill which I have proposed. I do not call from
his retirement any old man who, from age, in-
firmity, or wounds, is content with the position
in which he is placed. I call nobody before this
tribunal who is content with his position. That
is the way I get rid of this difficulty.
But the Senator from Louisianastates a portion
of the case very fairly. He states the difference
between us, and the result of it in fact is, that I
propose to legislate for the benefit of the country,
and he for the benefit of the officers. That is all
the difference between us. I propose not to give
these men promotion. What reason do I assign ,
for it? It is, that the country docs not want
them; that the Navy does not need them; that
you can do without them. It is proposed to pro-
mote them, because they ask it! I submit to the
Senate and to the country, whether mine is not a
fairer basis of action than that of the Senator
from Louisiana? He says, it is a question of a
little more expense. Sir, the question of money
is not the limit. If the expense were a hundred
dollars, or five thousand dollars, or ten million
dollars, if it were required by the country I would
vote it as soon as any man in the Senate, or in
America; but I will not vote the public money
against the public interests. I put myself on the
principle, that the country does not want this—
that the Navy does not need it.
There is a vast difference between the proposi-
tions in other respects. Is there a man in the j
Navy fit to sail under the colors of his country
who would want a commission, if, under your
bill, it was found that his brother officer had been
unjustly degraded from his rank ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Nobody proposes that.
Mr. TOOMBS._ You give it to him. You say
these men expect it. Your bill places them above
all those unjustly removed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so understood the bill.
Will you explain it to me?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill of the Naval Com-
mittee is not to do what the gentleman says.
There is no such proposition here. The Presi-
dent of the United States has promoted certain
officers to places from which other officers have
been retired according to the orders of Congress.
The proposition now is, without removing them,
to do justice to those who have been retired by
putting theni back where they would have been
if they had not been retired, and therefore these
men are promoted without injustice to the others.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not in the least. That is a
mere statement. The fundamental principle of
the bill is to keep out the officers who have been
retired and dropped, and have their places filled
bypromotion. That is what the bill says. The
only kind of promotion authorized by it is to
fill the places of those retired and dropped. The
President has presented the promotions in con-
formity with that section of the act of 1855. Now
you propose that these men shall hold these places
notwithstanding the fact that other men may have
been unjustly dropped. You simply create new
offices. The new offices are for one or the other
class.
You put back some of those who have been
dropped or retired, and you promote those whose
names have been sent here. Your bill creates
new offices for one Or the other. Are the new
offices for the men who have been retired or
dropped ? For what purpose ? Because they
have been unjustly treated. I say, then, give
them their places instantly, if they have been in-
nocently condemned. If you were to go to the
country and say that officers were wanted, every
man in the Senate knows you could not get terj
votes to increase the Navy, in the present condi-
tion of the country. The bill of the committee
is to increase the Navy against the public wants,
and the necessities of the scrvice. The idea is to
[ do justice, as they call it, at the public expense,
without the least public necessity or public de-
mand. This is truly, as the Senator from Louisi-
ana states, the difference between the propositions.
I say these men have been illegally tried and
i illegally condemned. I will restore them, and as
' a consequence I will not allow these men to take
their place; and I say no man fit to bear the
commission of his country would want it. I
put that position to the officers, to the Senate, to
the country, and to every honorable man in the
universe.
But you say they have expected promotion.
Ah ! that is the trouble. There would have been
no difficulty but for that very clause, engineered
as it was under the delusive idea of reform—a re-
form that was never intended in any other way but
to give promotion to these carpet knights about
! here, who were tired of their positions because
the old men would not die. Many of those old
men had been spared by the enemy's balls; they
would not get out of the way. These younger
men wanted their places. It was not pretended
that the country needed these officers; but under
the delusive title of reform in the Navy—not one
provision of which has been urged for real reform
in ten years—they sought to get promotion, and
they call on the Senate and clinch it for them.
They say, "One man possibly may have been
kicked out by error; another has been tried for
offenses committed ten years ago; pretexts, ex-
cuses in this secret cabal have struck him down;
but all this may be unjust; but make an office for
lam, and let me take his place,and whatever else
comes give me promotion."
This I propose not to do. I call on the Senate,
if those men ought to have these places ? I ask
if the officer, promoted to a place !o which another
was justly entitled, and of which he was unjustly
and illegally deprived, should not yield to him?
Restore the proper officer, and not put another
on the country. Do not remedy the evil, as
the Senator from Louisiana proposes to do, at
the cost of the country — at the expense of the
country, against the interest of the public ser-
vice. I propose to remedy the evil by justice—
justice to the service, justice to the country.
He proposes to do it at the expense of the public
Treasury, at the expense of public justice, as
well as, in this bill, at the honor of the officers.
You bring them all up as criminals because these
