1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
Georgia, and others, talked very plain to General
Taylor, in 1850, aboata dissolution of the Union,
and that General Taylor intimated to them pretty
distinctly, that the Union was to be preserved,
and the laws of the country executed. If John
C. Fremont be elected President, he has enough
of Old Hickory in him, enough of Zachary Tay-
lor in him, to execute the national will, to meet
threats, whether they come from the North or the
South. I tell the Senator from Georgia, that
threats to resist the action of Congress, threats to
dissolve the Union, will alarm none of us.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have said nothing about a
dissolution of the Union. I said that nothing
could wrench this Territory from the iron grasp
of these men except a fair vote at the ballot-box.
Mr. WILSON. I apprehend, however, that
if we can get a majority in the Senate, and I hope
we shall do it soon—I think we shall come pretty
close to it before the 4th of March, 1859
Mr. WELLER. I doubt it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall even get a
good free-State Senator who is all right, in the
place of the Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. Thank God, you will get a
man of the same stripe that I am.
Mr. WILSON. Perhaps the Senator from
California may be mistaken concerning the sen-
timents of his successor. If we elect John C.
Fremont; if we secure a majority here during his
Administration, and also a majority in the other
House, and prohibit slavery in the Territories,
in Kansas, I apprehend the people of that Terri-
tory will acquiesce in the action of the Federal
Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a mistake.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louisiana
says it is a mistake. A mistake! Are we to
understand, then, that if we prohibit slavery in
the Territories, the people of the Territories will
not submit to the legislation of Congress—to the
laws of the country ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator desires to
understand what I mean I will tell him plainly.
I hold, and the South holds, that the Congress of
the United States has no power to take the common
territory of the Union and give it to the North
exclusively; and if it attempts to usurp such a
power the Union cannot stand. That is what I
mean.
Mr. WILSON. I fully comprehend the idea
of the Senator from Louisiana. He holds the
doctrine, and he tells us the South holds the
doctrine, that Congress has no power to exclude
the South from the common territory—that is,
Congress has no power to exclude slavery from
the Territories by positive law. The Senator
from Illinois—the leader of the Democratic party,
under whose tymner the Senator from Louisiana
has enlisted—declared, on this floor, the 13th of
March, 1850, that " no geographical section of
the Union is entitled to any share of the Territo-
ries;" that " the Territories belong to the United
States as one people, one nation, and are to be
disposed of for the common benefit of all;" that
" each State, as a member of the Confederacy,
has a right to a voice informing the rules and
regulations for the government of the Territories;
but the different sections—North, South, East,
and West—have no such right;" that " it is no
violation of southern rights to prohibit slavery;"
that " neither the North nor the South, as such,
have any rights there at all." Sir, I concur fully
in these declarations of the Senator from Illinois—
the " Black Republicans" concur fully in these
declarations. We believe, with the Republican
fathers North and South, that Congress has
power to exclude slavery from the Territories—
that it ought to exercise that power; and we have
resolved to exercise that power not only in the
Territory covered by the prohibition of 1820, but
in all the Territories now acquired or to be ac-
quired by the Federal Government. Southern
statesmen have held that Congress has power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. The Supreme
Court has affirmed the power of Congress over
the Territories. The great names in our history
have not only held that Congress had the power
to exclude slavery from the Territories, but they
have generally favored the exercise of that power. I
Mr. TOOMBS. Not one.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Georgia I
surely will not deny the fact that the statesmen
of the North—the great constitutional lawyers
and jurists of the North—have held that Congress
has the power to prohibit slavery in the Territo-
ries; ana he must admit that many of the great
names from the South gave their sanction to the
ordinance of 1787, which excluded slavery for-
ever from the northwest Territory—to the Mis-
souri prohibition of 1820, which . prohibited
slavery in the Louisiana purchase north and
west of Miyouri—to the prohibition of slavery
in a portion of Texas, should that portion ask
admission.into the Union, and to the prohibition
of slavery in the Territory of Oregon. Many of
the eminent statesmen of the South have left on
record by pen, voice, or vote, their approval of
some or all of these acts for the prohibition of
slavery by legislative action. It will be found, I
think, that the Supreme Court has laid down
principles of constitutional construction and inter-
pretation that affirm this power over the Terri-
tories.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is a difference of
opinion.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louisiana
says that is a difference of opinion; but the coun-
try has believed in that doctrine; Congress has
believed in that doctrine, and has exercised the
power. It was exercised in 1787, and was in-
dorsed immediately after the adoption of the Con-
stitution by the First Congress. It was exercised
in 1820. It was exercised a few years ago in the
Oregon bill. Senators from the South repeatedly
gave their almost united votes in favocof extend-
ing the prohibition of slavery north of 36° 30' to
the Pacific ocean. If you have the right to pro-
hibit slavery north of that line, you have the
right to prohibit it south of that line—the right
to prohibit it in all the Territories of the United
States. The Senators from Georgia and Lou-
isiana do not believe Congress has this power.
We believe—the people of the free States by im-
mense majorities believe—we have the power. If
a majority of the people shall decree it—if a ma-
jority in both Houses of Congress shall affirm it,
and the Executive sanctions their acts, I have no
doubt the good sense and patriotism of the people
of the whole country, North and South, will rally
with alacrity to the support of the Federal Gov-
ernment—to the maintenance of the unity and
indivisibility of the Republic. Defeated faction
may plot treasonable insurrection; baffled con-
spirators may mutter threats of disunion and
civil war; the public mind may be momentarily
agitated, and the public councils temporarily
embarassed, by the expiring efforts of waning
power; but the people of the country—the intel-
ligent, patriotic, liberty-loving, law-abiding peo-
ple of the country, who accept the Declaration of
Independence and the Constitution of the United
States as their political charts, will bear the Gov-
ernment in safety through the impending dangers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a word to say in
reply to the last remark of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I have no desire to go into this
question, and have no intention whatever of
debating it; but the Senator says that, if Congress
has power to exclude slavery north of a line, it
also has power to exclude it south of a line. To
that I answer, I do not believe it has power to
exclude it either north or south of a line. Acqui-
sition of territory was made for this country,
composed of free and slave States, in a manner
not foreseen by the Constitution of the United
States. That common territory belongs to the
people of the whole Union, as we at the South
hold. The North hold, I know, that it belongs
to them alone.
Mr. PUGH. Not all the North.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not all the North: but I
am speaking of those who hold the opinions of j
the Senator from Massachusetts. The South |
believe it belongs to the whole country equally— j
to the South as to the North. But, finding that I
there was no provision in the Constitution for a '
division of this common territory, we were will-
ing to go outside of the Constitution, so far as to j
make a division by compact, or compromise, of i
this common territory between the North and the i
South. We therefore said in 1850, "This terri- I
tory does not belong to the Union under the
Constitution; its acquisition was what Mr. Jeffer- |
son called extra-constitutional; now, it is neceg 
sary to divide it; it is necessary to make some
provision in relation to it." We proposed atthkt
time to divide it by a line running to the Pacific
ocean; we taking the south of the line, and the
North taking the north of it. You would not do
it. Then we said, " Leave it open, and let the
people who settle there declare whether it shall
be a slave or a free State." That was carried;
and it is that we say to-day. We say further—
and here I repeat what 1 said just now—that the
people of the slaveholding States of this Confed-
eracy never will yield to any assumed power on
the part of the northern States, because they may
have a majority, so to legislate as to take the
common property for their exclusive use. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louisiana
makes his explanation, and I fully understand it;
but he will find that the Senator from Illinois,
whom he follows, maintained in 1850 that Con-
gress could prohibit slavery in the Territories.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster]
quoted that authority the other day. I believe
it is the sentiment of nineteen twentieths of the
i free States that Congress has the power to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no doubt it is so.
Mr. TOUCEY and Mr. WELLER. Oh! no.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Perhaps not so large a
number.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know personally a
man in New England who does not believe it.
Mr. TOUCHY. Why, sir, I believe the con-
trary of that, and I know thousands who do.
Mr. WILSON. * f am glad to find one New
England man 
Mr. TOUCEY. I can show you many.
Mr. WILSON. I am sorry to find it; but the
Senator is a lawyer, and I do not question that
he has thoroughly examined the question, and
has made up his mind upon it; but what I mean
to say is that the almost universal opinion of the
North is as I have said.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator may speak for his
State, but not for mine. It is nothing like the
unanimous sentiment in my State.
Mr. BIGLER. Nor in mine.
Mr. WILSON. That it was the opinion of
Mr. Buchanan, expressed in 1820, I believe has
been stated without contradiction.. It was the
opinion of the Democrats of Pennsylvania in
1848. It was the opinion of almost every Demo-
crat of the North in 1847 and 1848, as expressed
through their Legislatures.
Mr. PUGH. 1 beg the Senator's pardon. I
was a member of the Ohio Legislature in 1848;
and I voted against it; and with a perfect knowl-
edge of my opinions on the subject, the Democ-
racy of Ohio have elected me to this House.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to see the evidence of
the position of Mr. Buchanan in 1820. I shall be
glad to learn where the evidence can be found in
[ any speech, or report, or document, official, or
: any other such, that such was Mr. Buchanan's
opinion.
Mr. WILSON. A series of resolutions was
published the other day, and it was stated that
Mr. Buchanan was a member of the committee
which reported those resolutions.
Mr. BIGLER. Now I will answer the Sena-
tor very briefly. He has reference, I presume,
to the proceedings and resolutions of the meeting
at Lancaster on the 20th of April, 1819. The
allegation has been repeatedly answered, and
answered so conclusively, that I am amazed that
the Senator should rise in his place here, and
repeat the stale allegation. Mr. Buchanan was
not the author of the resolutions. Mr. Buchanan
was not in the meeting. Mr. Buchanan was
not in Lancaster when it was held, and he
had no participation in it whatever. That is the
answer. I think the alibi is conclusive.
Mr. WILSON. I saw the statement, but I
thank the honorable Senator for the certificate he
has given for Mr. Buchanan's fidelity upon this
question. I am satisfied with his answer, and am
glad that I brought it out at this time. 1 desire
the country to understand it. I think the Sena-
tor from Ohio will bear witness^ that almost the
entire Democratic press of his State, and the
leaders of his party but a few years ago, what-
