858
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. [juiy 9>
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilsm, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
#ver may have been his own opinion and I do
not wish to bring anything against him were in
fSvor of the Wilmot proviso. Wilmot proviso
resolutions passed the Legislatures of fourteen
free States—every free State but Iowa; and the
slave State of Delaware, between 1846 and 1850.
Mr. PUGrH. .1 have a witness on the floor of
the Senate in regard to this matter. In 1848, the
Senator from California was the candidate of the
Democratic party in Ohio for Governor. Let
him say what were the sentiments of the party
at that time, and what were the views which he
then promulgated. Let him say whether the
party indorsed the doctrine promulgated by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] or the Wil-
mot proviso.
Mr.WELLER. As is well known, I was the
candidate of the Democratic party for Governor
of Ohio in 1848. I traversed the whole of the
State during the canvass. I came within some
two hundred and ninety-seven votes of being
elected upon a popular vote of some three hun-
dred thousand. In every county of the State I
denounced the Wilmot proviso in the most un-
qualified terms. I occupied then precisely the
same position I now do upon the slavery ques-
tion. My opinions were known to all the people
of the State; and with a full knowledge of my
principles, they came within two hundred and
ninety-seven votes of electing me Governor of the
State.
While I am up, sir, I desire to say a word to
the Senator from Massachusetts., I said this
morning that he had been much misrepresented
in the public press; for I had seen, in looking
over the proceedings of a "National Convention "
lately held in Philadelphia, that he had been
represented as saying in the convention that Mr.
Buchanan had uttered this sentiment: " That if
he had one drop of Democratic blood in his veins,
lie would let it out." I desire to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts whether he did make this
charge in the convention ? and I will state to him
tj*e reason. It is not for the purpose of putting
him in a false position before the country; nor is
it for the purpose of showing that he has given
utterance to a sentiment which is untrue; but it is
for this reason: it is now late in the session, and
there are many Senators here, I have no doubt,
in the same condition with myself—getting short
of funds. Now, a man has advertised in the
Union newspaper that he will pay fifty dollars
to any gentleman who will produce the proof of
this charge. If the Senator from Massachusetts
has made the charge, I have no doubt that he has
the proof. I desire to obtain the proof, and to
get the fifty dollars. Will the Senator be kind
enough to give me the authority ?
Mr. WILSON. Nothing in the world could
afford me greater pleasure than to do an act which
would put fifty dollars in the pockets of the Sena-
tor from California; bat I must say, what is true,
that 1 did not make such a charge at Philadelphia.
I will state frankly what I did say. Mr. Emmett,
of New York, presided over the convention tem-
porarily in the morning. He made a long speech,
well and carefully prepared, in which he expressed
himself personally kindly towards Mr. Buch-
anan; said that he was a personal acquaintance
and friend, and in the course of his remarks used
that phrase which has for years gone the rounds
of the country. Called out afterwards to make
some remarks, I referred to what he had stated,
and said that if it were true, of which I know
nothing, that Mr. Buchanan made that remark,
certain things would follow. I did not make the
charge, and did not even know whether it was
true or not. I have never supposed it was true.
It may or may not be true; but I have never seen
the evidence of it, and I would not make the allu-
sion, except in an open meeting where another
gentleman had used it, and I referred to him as
authority.
Mr. WELLER. I am glad to hear that state-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make one remark
in this connection in relation to the Philadelphia
Convention. I am satisfied there is a mistake
about it, I begin to doubt whether there was any
oonvention at Philadelphia.
Mr. WELLER. 1 hat is a matter of history.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I begin to. doubt whether
anybody was there. 1 saw what purported to
be the proceedings of the convention, and my
attention was called to a long speech said to have
been made by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] in which I was pretty severely de-
nounced. He waited upon me here in the Senate
Chamber and told me, although the speech ap-
peared officially in the proceedings, upon his
honor he was not in Philadelphia, never made a
speech there, and never uttered such a sentiment,
or entertained it at ail. •
Mr. FOOT. He was at home at that time, to
my knowledge.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He was at home in Ver-
mont at the time, but yet his speech stands there.
There is the same evidence of that speech that
there is of the nomination of Fremont, or of the
charge made by the Senator from Massachusetts
against Mr. Buchanan. I really begin to doubt
whether there was any convention there at all.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I think the doubts of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois will be removed in a
few months. He certainly saw no long speech
represented to have been made by Mr. Collambr.
Mr. Carpenter, of Vermont, a gentleman whom
I do not know, but who was one of the vice pres-
idents, rose just before the dose of the conven-
tion, and made a playful remark which was re-
ceived with laughter by the whole audience, in
regard to the Senator from Illinois. It was said
as a joke, and received as a joke. I think there
were but two sentences in what he said. It is
unnecessary to repeat it here, and I do not wish
it to go on the record; but it was simply a remark
playfully made, and received by the convention
in that spirit.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But there was a long speech
printed in the name of Mr. Collamer.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; that is a mistake.
Mr. BIGLER. The traditionary story, as it
may be termed, to which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts seems to have referred in his Philadelphia
speech) is an old one—one of those partisan slan-
ders which were started against Mr. Buchanan
at a very early day. I have been familiar with
that subject; I have looked for the testimony on
both sides, and could present it now were it neces-
sary to Jo so; and I have never yet seen that
measure of plausible or positive testimony which
would justify the impression that Mr. Buchanan
ever made a remark giving the slightest founda-
tion for the charge. It was fabricated arid aban-
doned by its authors along time ago. It is revived
now as a joke to play upon. It is not very witty,
Mr. President; it is not true. I do not think Mr.
Buchanan ever expressed an inclination to let all
the Democratic blood out of his veins. I am very
sure, from his past career, that, had he tried the
experiment, he would have bled to death. His
blood is all Democratic, and the experiment would
have been a fatal one for him and the country.
But this is matter of small concern, and I shall
not pursue it.
But, sir, when occupying the chair a few min-
utes since, the Senator from Massachusetts took
the floor and expressed regret that I was in the
position of Presiding Officer for the time being,
intimating that he wanted to answer some grave
allegations I had made against him in the few
remarks which I submitted this morning. I have
watched anxiously for some manifestation of the
Senator's purpose. I thought that in some par-
ticular, perhaps, I had done him injustice; but
after having heard him, I must repeat what I
said this morning. I am still of opinion that
the Senator from Massachusetts distinctly mis-
represented the purpose of the bill. When it
was under consideration on Wednesday last, he
declared the intention to be to carry slavery into
Kansas. I hold that to be a misrepresentation of
the bill; a misrepresentation of its purpose; a per-
version of its whole import. The bill warrants
no such conclusion, because it simply allows the
people of Kansas to do as they see proper on the
subject, and extends to them a fair opportunity
of doing this.
And again he declared, this morning, the inten-
tion to be to carry out the work commenced by
the border ruffians. I say that is a misrepresent-
ation of the intention of the- bill. It is for the pur-
pose of guarding against misrepresentation of
this character that we desired to print and circu-
late the bill. The Senator from Massachusetts
will not pretend that there is any feature of it
which expressly countenances the violence to
which he refers. In no possible way can it aid
in the work which he has described, of violence
and arson and murder. It is simply a proposi-
tion to allow the people of Kansas to vote on the
formation of a State constitution, to decide on
the question of slavery, and to vote under ample
protection. The civil authorities are to be sus-
tained in this purpose even by the military power,
should it be necessary, the commission having
the right to call on the military to sustain them
in administering the law.
I repeat, then,unqualifiedly, what I said before,
that the Senator from Massachusetts has misrep-
resented this measure. He did soon Wednesday
last, and he has done so to-day. I intend no im-
putation on his motives, but the opinion I ex-
press is an inference from his language from which
there is no escape. He asserts that the intention
of the bill is to do what its language shows clearly
cannot be done under it; and I hold that he has
no proper right to attempt to do this. It is an act
of injustice to those who nave advocated the meas-
ure. We have been told from the commencement
of the session, that violence, anarchy, arson, and
bloodshed, were the order in Kansas; that a de-
gree of excitement prevailed throughout the coun-
try which endangered its peace; that we were
menaced with civil war, and that some measure
to avert it was absolutely necessary. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and those who act with
him, have advocated the admission of Kansas aa
a State, as the only remedy. We, on the other
side, could not agree to the admission of Kansas
with the Topeka constitution, nor can I imagine
how any Senator, claiming to respect the laws, and
to insist on an administration of the laws, or the
preservation of order, can advocate that measure
of revolution. What, then, sir ? Why, the Sen-
ator from Georgia introduced a fair proposition
to allow the people of Kansas to hold a conven-
tion to make a constitution and be admitted into
the Union irrespective of their decision on the
slavery question. And immediately the Senator
from Massachusetts and his friends raise the cry
that the bill is intended to bring in Kansas as a
slave State ! Now let me ask that Senator a ques-
tion, which I desire him to answer; whether up to
the time when the bill of the Senator from Geor-
gia was taken up for consideration, it ever was
claimed on this floor that the pro-slavery party
were in the majority in Kansas, as a reason for
its passage, and whether he has not uniformly
claimed a very large majority for the free-State
party
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator wants an an-
swer I will give him one frankly. Up to within
a few weeks past—up to the time when the attack
was made on Lawrence, I said, and believed,
that a decided majority of the people of Kansas
were free-State men. Since that assault was
made, and since the events which have lately
transpired there from that time to this—since the
violent scenes which have been enacted, I have
had doubts, and those doubts have been strength-
ened. This is the information we get from all
quarters: many of our men are silenced, and dare
not do what they wish. Many others have left
the Territory. Three or four of their presses
have ceased. Several of the leading men are now
in prison, and a great many others have left the
Territory to avoid arrest, Governor Reeder among
them.
Mr. BIGLER. I am right, then, Mr. Presi-
dent. Until this bill was taken up for considera-
tion it had never been claimed by any Senator on
this floor, that the pro-slavery party were in a
majority, and that the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and those acting with him, have uniformly
claimed that the free-State party had three
fourths, sometimes nine tenths, of the entire pop-
ulation, and still we are told that the intention is
to make Kansas a slave State. When the bill
was taken up for consideration it was objected
that the free-State men had been driven out, and
that, therefore, the tendency of this bill would be
to make Kansas a slave State. Well, sir, what
was done ? An amendment was agreed upon by
the remittee on Territories, and adopted by
