1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Stuart, Mr. Weller.
Senate.
the Senate, allowing all who at any time had p
resided bona fide in the Territory, to return, to be
registered, and to participate in this election. I
What next, sir? Other important objections )
were started to the bill, and promptly removed, I
but the hostility continued. I have no disposi- j.
tion, however, to discuss the subject again. I I
did not rise for that purpose. 1 simply rose to |
repeat what I said this morning, that the view ;
taken of the bill by the Senator from Massachu-
setts clearly misrepresents its import and its
purpose, and his own argument in reference to it
has demonstrated the propriety of the proposi-
tion before the Senate, to print and circulate the ,
bill itself, so that the people may gather its mean-
ing from its language.
Mr. STUART. I have sat here, sir, for six
hours and more to-day, listening with other Sena- ;
tors to a debate on a proposition to print a bill
which has passed the Senate, and the debate has
taken a range as wide as the whole creation, not
to say the subject of slavery. I have, as is
known to Senators, refrained carefully from any
discussion on this topic; and whenever I have
interposed at all during this session, it has been
to ask Senators to desist. I voted here upon this
bill silently, not uttering a word, although several ;
propositions were made in regard to which I
should have been glad to explain my votes. I
trust, under these circumstances, that the Senate
will indulge me for a few minutes while I present
some of the reasons which will govern my own
action here and at home; and at the same time I
say to some of the gentlemen on the other side
that I shall present to them some inquiries in
respect to their votes on this bill which I shall be
very glad to hear them explain satisfactorily and
consistently if they can. The subject of slavery
is one, and perhaps the only one, in respect to
which good men feel apprehension in regard to
the safety of the institutions of this country. I ■
think I may say that it is the opinion of patriots
throughout the land, that it i§ the only question
which can at any time, so far as we now know, '
seriously endanger the existence of our institu-
tions. Knowing and believing this, I have not
only sedulously avoided its discussion here, but
I have asked others at all proper times to desist
themselves.
Now, sir, I jtropose to present to the considera-
tion of Senators here the condition that is.occu-
pied by men holding the opinions which I do in
the northern States, and to contrast that position
for a moment with the condition of gentlemen
living in the southern States. Those gentlemen
represent a constituency all of whose opinions on
this subject harmonize with their own, and whose
feelings harmonize with their own. Whenever
they advocate the interests of slavery, therefore,
here or at home, they are in concurrence with the
sentiment, and the reason, and the wishes of their
people. If they are attacked at home, they are
attacked by a body of men, as they are now by
the American party, who insist that they are not
sufficiently pro-slavery. All they have to do is
to swim with the tide of public sentiment to make
themselves popular and strong; while men occu-
pying the position which I do ia the northern
States have to address themselves against the
feeling of the people; for whatever gentlemen may
say to you, Mr. President, the feeling of every
northern man whom I have ever met is in favor
of free States, and against the institution of sla-
very. That is the feeling; and hence, whenever
we address ourselves to our constituents, we ad-
dress their reason, their judgment, their patriot-
ism—we point them to the landmarks and the
compromises of the Constitution—we say to them !
that they are in honor bound to stand by it, that
nothing less than the sacrifice of personal honor,
nothing short of a sacrifice of patriotism itself,
can induce them to indorse the fanaticism which
surrounds thea . Under these circumstances, I
apprehend the feelings of a man may be appre-
ciated who sees any considerable number of south-
ern men, either in Kansas or out of it, furnishing
to oar fanatical opponents the ammunition and
the weapons with which to destroy us. It was
for that reason that I said to the Senator from
Illinois the other day, that, if I were to prescribe
a sovereign remedy for existing evils in Kansas,
it would be utter and total silence in the Halls i
of Congress; and I ask the honorable Senator
here to-day, if he does not believe, and if every
Senator does not believe, that the discussions in
Congress at this session have vastly magnified
the evils existing in that Territory ?
At home, during the last canvass, I took the
ground, as all other northern Democrats did of
whom I knew anything, that this subject was left
bonafide to the people of the Territories to the ex-
tent that the Constitution could permit it; that the
Democratic party had come to an understanding
that, so far as the constitutional limits permitted
it, the people of the Territories possessed the
power to settle this question for themselves during
th(*time of their territorial existence. The Sen-
atorfrom Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and every other
Democratic Senator who has spoken on this sub-
ject here, to my knowledge, states the true
ground. If the Constitution prohibits Congress
from exercising the authority—if it prohibits the
people of the Territory from exercising the au-
thority, the people of the Territory, under the
Kansas act, do not possess the authority, because
Congress did not possess the power under the
Constitution to confer it; but if the Constitution
does not of itself prohibit it, the people have it to
its greatest length and breadth. There is a dif-i
ference of opinion among Democrats on this con-
stitutional question, and we agreed to leave the
legislative question in the plainest terms the
English language could employ, simply reserving
to any one who chose to do so the right to test it
before the judiciary of the country, and we clothed
the judiciary in that bill with the express power
to try and determine the question.
The people, the Democratic portion of the people
of the northern country, were satisfied with this
adjustment. It was attacked, as 1 knew ir would
be—-itwas attacked, as I told my personal and polit-
ical friends here it would be—violently; and every
man who was not a Democrat at heart attacked
it for political purposes to buildup and aggrandize
a political party that was literally dead under the
effect of the compromise of 1850. Under that
attack,great men, and good men, and pure men,
have fallen, but they have fallen by the standard
of honor, and by the standard of the Constitution,
where a man would desire to fall who loves his
country and respects his name. But, sir, those
men will rise again by the power of a patriotic
people who never fail to reward political virtue.
Ill the execution of this act, in my judgment,
there has been no fairness at ail—none whatever.
No sooner did that act pass, than, th« evidence
is perfectly conclusive, the ultra men on both
sides seized upon it for mischief. The evidence
is as clear and conclusive as in mathematics it is
true that two and two are four, that secret socie-
ties were organized on both sides to violate the
principles of the Kansas act. What has been
the consequence? The very worst that could be
apprehended. At this point let me notice a
remark of the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Territories. He tells us that these
facts are conclusive, that the principle of the bill
is good for nothing where it is tested, and that
the reason why it succeeded in Nebraska, and in
the other Territories, is because it has not been
tried. Is that argument sound? Let me point
the atttention of that honorable Senator to the
State of California. That State, at the last ac-
counts, was in the hands of a vigilance commit-
tee; and is he prepared to say on that evidence
that the "experiment," as he calls it, of the
independent States of this Union is a failure ?
He can say it with equal propriety. The viola-
tions of a law are not the tests of the wisdom of
the law.
Mr. WELLER. I know that the Senator
does not intend to do injustice to my State;'but
there is no opposition to the law except in the
county of San Francisco. There has been an
attempt there at the suspension of the courts and
the laws; but I beg of him to consider that as a „
local question, which doesnotextend beyond the
county of San Francisco. I know of no move-
ment on the part of the other counties to sub-
vert the existing authorities or put down the ;
laws. A state of things did exist in San Fran- I
cisco which, in the judgment of a majority of !
the people there, justified them in suspending
the criminal court and taking the law into their
own hands. That is true.
Mr. STUART. 1 did not intend to say any-
thing disrespectful to the State of California—far
from it. I only alluded to the fact that there was
an organization called a vigilance committee,
which at the last advices was too strong for the
State government in that locality, and to ask the
Senator from Vermont whether he deems hira-
1 self at liberty to say, on that account, that the
; experiment (for he calls this Kansas bill an ex-
j periment) of independent States of this Union
proves to be a failure? Not at all; and so of the
; Kansas act. What, sir, the idea which lies at
i the very basis of American freedom throughout
| all the States a failure!—the right, and author-
ity, and the ability of a people to legislate for
themselves—that is the Kansas-Nebraska act;
; and that is all of it—that a failure ! That prin-
ciple an experiment which was born, so far as
this country is concerned, with the Revolution,
which is so resplendent this day as to command
the admiration of the civilized world !
Now, sir, what law could not be violated?
What law has not been violated ? You might as
well say it was an experiment to suppress mur-
der in a community, because murders are suc-
cessfully committed in violation of law. It is no
experiment. But what I complain of is, that a
few fanatical men on both sides have disturbed
this great Confederacy of States in the most vio-
lent manner, and as a consequence of that have
stricken down some of the wisest and best states-
men in the Union. I have heard with regret—
and I have some personal knowledge of my own
which I learned with regret—in respect to the
conduct of the late Presiding Officer of this body,
[Mr. Atchison.] I have said to my friends, and
I say now, that he has done more injustice, and
has committed more ingratitude, to his political
friends, than any other man in this Union.
This law went into operation. The officers
were appointed, and an election was held. That
election never did in its purity meet my judgment;
but who has executed the mischief? A man, of
whom our opponents have sought to make a
martyr. Wipe out the official acts of Governor
Reeder, and that case stands to-day remediable
without difficulty. If he had performed his duty
as he ought to have done it, there never could
have been a conflict at all. He should have with-
held the certificates. There is evidence in his
own record, sent by the President of the United
States to the House of Representatives, enough
to have satisfied any Governor with three grains
of sense that that whole election was irregular.
He should have withheld the certificates, and
issued a new proclamation, and called on the
President of the United States for aid to protect
the people of that Territory in the enjoyment of
the benefits of the act in its very terms given to
them. Had he done that, there would have been
no mischief about the Kansas act. But through
fear, or through a desire for fraudulent specula-
tions on Indian lands, or both, he pe'rverted tha
office which he held, and has complicated this
subject to such an extent that it is difficult to
remedy it. Is he censured by our political oppo-
nents ? Is he held up, and his conduct criticized,
or, as I have said, is he sought to be made a
martyr? Is it claimed for him that he stands out
in bold relief the man of all others to be honored
by Kansas and the lovers of freedom? Was there
ever such inconsistency before ?
I shall pass as briefly through the history of
this case as possible; but let me ask, what has
been said in the Senate, and are those sayings
legal and proper? It has been said on the floor
of the Senate this day by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden]—it has been said herefrequentiy
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
now absent, that the people of that Territory are
justified in resisting the laws. Allow me a mo-
ment on that subject. I hold the doctrine in re-
spect to those laws to be this: laws enacted by a
Legislature elected according to the forms of law,
and placed upon a statute-book by eovrts, and by
executive officers throughout this whole country,
j are to be regarded as binding laws, and it is tbeir
duty to execute them. It has been decided by
the highest tribunals in the States and the Unittd
