1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
Mr. MASON. Monday.
Mr. MALLORY. Say to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I did not say to-morrow, be-
cause it is private bill day.
Mr. ADAMS. Say Saturday.
Mr. ALLEN, and others. We do not meet
on Saturday.
Mr. MALLORY. I propose that it be made
the special order for Monday next.
Mr. MASON. I want to get the bill printed.
Mr. MALLORY. I move then, with the per-
mission of my friend from Virginia, that the bill
as amended be printed, and that it be postponed
to, and made the special order for, Monday, at
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose,
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 10, 1B56.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel "VValdo.
The Journalof yesterday was read andapproved.
FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
in order was the consideration of the resolution
introduced yesterday, by the unanimous consent
of the House, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ball;] which is as follc^vs:
Whereas, in an affidavit made in January, 1854, by Cor-
nelius Wendell, who now holds the position of printer to
this body, and winch affidavit reads as follows, to wit:
Alan^on Sweet, of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, mfoimed ine
that it cost lum §10,000 for the alterations made in the Mo-
bile custom-house contract; that it was necessary to fix
Mr. Young, the architect of the Treasury, and that the
amount of $10,000 would be more than doubled by the
alterations he [Sweet] had thus procured to be made; also,
that to procure said alterations it was necessary to fix a
friend of Mr. Guthrie, and that lie had made the necessary
arrangements to have him right. C. Wendell.
Washington, January 14, 1854.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.
J. W. Beck, Justice of the Peace.
It is charged that alterations in the manner of the construc-
tion of the Mobile custom house have been made by the
architect and others intrusted with the construction of
said building at the instance of the contractor, for a consid-
eration iu money: And wheteas, other statements exist,
which tend to corroborate the same accusations, and also
to specify others similar in character and in numerous in-
stances :* And whereas, it is the duty of the people ;s Repre-
sentatives to inquueinto the truth of such allegations, when
sustained by evidence buch as to render their truth probable :
Therefore,
Resolved, That there be appointed by the SpeaKer a se-
lect committee of five members, whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the general management aud expenditures con-
nected with the public buildings, or works constructed, or
more competent to discharge the duties devolved
by this resolution than that committee. The
gentleman from Ohio is chairman of that com-
mittee, and—as I before remarked—has certainly
looked into these questions, and has satisfied
his mind of the necessity of the introduction of
| the resolution which he submitted yesterday, as
I well as of that which he submitted some days
] ago. I make no opposition to the resolution
J itself. It is due' to the officers implicated that
j this investigation should be had. I only rose,
. therefore, for the purpose of moving to amend
| the resolution by striking out all that part of it
| which proposes to raise a spccial committee of
I five members, and to insert the Committee on
! Public Buildings and Grounds,
i Mr. ELLIOTT. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker,
for the purpose of making any opposition to the
: resolution which has been proposed; but as it in-
volves a distinguished officer of the Government
from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, I desire
to state—although I have not seen that gentleman
: on the subject—that he does not seek to evade
1 investigation; and I venture here to predict, from
I my knowledge of that gentleman, personally and
' politically, that the charge will turn out to be
| the veriest slander and calumny that, was ever
! attempted to be perpetrated on a public officer of
: the Government. As far as he is concerned I
| can state to the American Congress, from my
! knowledge of the man, that he does not shrink
! from any investigation of this kind. I have, there-
i fore, risen merely to say to the House and to the
; country—as there is a distinguished officer of
I the Commonwealth of Kentucky implicated—
i " appoint your select committee." I think with
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Gp.Er.x-
! WOOD,] that the matter might he investigated by'
; that committee which has in charge tile public
j buildings and grounds; but if that will not do,
! select your special committee, and let the testi-
^ mony come before us, and then it will turn out
I that the charges of Mr. Sweet against a distin-
! guislied public officer were falsely made for po-
j htical purposes.
j Mr. HOUSTON. On my suggestion this mat-
ter went over yesterday until to-day. I desire,
therefore, to say, without prolonging the discus-
sion—for it seems to be a matter of universal agree-
ment that some resolution should be passed which
will 'result in the proper investigation of these
. charges—that my purpose has been accomplished,
i as gentlemen have had an opportunity of examin-
, ing the resolution. I confess, however, that,
! while I am willing to see this select committee
appointed, and while I am willing to gratify gen-
i tlomen on the other side of the House who pro-
• nosed this investigation in any committee which
they may see fit to ask of this body, still there
  ,  , , ; are two committees already existing—standing
purchased, or m ptoce&s of conduction, by the L nitcd |, f.0!v1!vutU-CS under the rules of the House—whose
States, of whatsoever desciipuon, whether at the seat ot I . PXamine this verv subject. The
Government or elsewhere ; and that sa.d committee he au- ! duty it is to examine , J f J ohi :
thonzed to send tor persons and papeis, and to examine i; committee of which the member tiom umo is
- . e-     4.:-.., A '[ .1 t • 1 *  —1, nn /Ml 1-vh f til 1 V>0 ItlP
the distinguished chairman ought to examine the
| charges which are made in the resolution and
. papers submitted by him to the House yesterday.
Then, again, sir, the Committee on the Expendi-
! tures of the Treasury Department ought to have
; looked into them, and into all other subjects con-
! nected with the expenditures in that Department,
j I would like to know the purposes of the com-
mittees of this House. I would like to know the
purposes of the Committee on Expenditures in the
Treasury Department, if it be not to look into the
: expenditures which have been made since the
termination of the last session of Congress, and
to report to this House whether they were proper
andlegitimate—•whether they were fair and honest.
But the gentleman from Ohio desires to have a
select committee m this case. Well, as far as I
am concerned, I am willing to gratify lum. I do
not propose to place any impediment in the way
of this resolution. No obstacle shall be thrown,
as far as I am concerned, in the way of a full in-
vestigation of all the charges that are cither made
or insinuated in the preamble and resolution sub-
   -- - , > mitted bv the distinguished member from Ohio.
into these questions of fraud, and that the com ,, mi tu y . " , ^dented
Ur. ic Mmirmnn—the Committee j 1 hope the resolution will oe aaoptca.
' it is a matter of the most perfect
witnesses touching the manner of contraction and the
maniier of awarding contracts, whether any bribes or fees
have at anv time been taken by any officer in the service 01
the Government, a<a consideration for awarding any con-
ti act, 01 lor making any changes m the original terms of any
contiact, or for making alterations in the plan of any work,
or for using ins influence m any manner in obtaining any
contract or extra compensation for any person for such work,
or lor bbin^ in any other manner instrumental m aiding to
defraud the Government; and that said committee be au-
thorized to inquire into the capacity as well as character for
integrity of any architect, superintendent, or other officer;
and that they have power to appoint a clerk to aid in the
performance of these duties; and also authorized to report
in whole or m part at any time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not propose, Mr.
Speaker, to make any opposition to the resolu-
tion. I think that charges against public officers
should be investigated by a committee, and the
result of that investigation communicated to the
House. I am, however, opposed to one portion
of the resolution—I mean that portion author-
izing the raising of a special committee. Ihe
rapidity with which the gentleman from
[Mr. iLt] seems to get 5p resolutions of this j. j from Kentucky will renew it.
character have satisfied me that he has looked ormsmuated in the pre^ean^^ oi.in" 4 Af- P.TTRNRTT. I will rem
House why I asked for the raising of a select
committee. It is not, as the gentleman from
Alabama says, the duty of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds to make this inves-
tigation. That committee has not the charge of
custom-houses, or marine hospitals, or buildings
of that character, or of any other buildings be-
yond the District of Columbia. Buildings of that
characteraremoreappropriatelyunder the charge
of the Committee on Commerce; and the reason
why I did not ask that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds should be empowered to
make this investigation, was simply because the
Committee on Commerce, or the Committee of
Ways and Means, or some other committee of
this House who has charge of some portion of
these buildings, might think I was interfering
with their peculiar prerogatives, or requiring for
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
that which does not properly pertain to them. I
repeat that I am perfectly willing that the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, or any
other standing committee, shall be instructed to
make this investigation. It is a matter of perfect
indifference to me.
One word further in relation Jo the remarks of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Elliott.]
I hope that I am not understood as making any
charge against the Secretary of the Treasury.
There is no charge against iiis integrity in that
resolution. It merely sets forth an affidavit which
purports to state the facts. It does not charge the
Secretary with anything improper, but charges
that the architect of the Treasury and a friend of
the Secretary's about the Treasury Department
have been reached a.n& fixed.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I desire to ask whether the
charges con tained in the resolution do not implicate
Mr. Guthrie?
Mr. BALL. No, sir; nothing of the kind.
There is not in the whole proceeding an implica-
tion against Mr. Guthrie. I will say further, that
I brought this thing to the attention of the House
j without, having any feeling at all against any offi-
cer in the Treasury Department. These papers
were placed in my hand. Certain accusations
and information were communicated to me, and
I felt it to bo my duty as a member of the House
to present them here, and let the House raise a
committee, if it see proper, to make this investiga-
tion. It is due-to the Secretary of the Treasury-
it is due to the architect of the Treasury — it is
due to every officer of the Treasury inplicated in
these charges, that an investigation should be
made. If these accusations are false, then Mr.
Sweet, or those who have brought these false
charges here, should be held up before the coun •
try for public reprobation and contempt. If these
charges are true—if there are cormorants about
the Treasury Department speculating upon the
contracts of the Government, it is proper that they
should be known, that they maybe held up before
the country and scourged out of the places which
they now disgrace. That is all I have to say in
this matter. 1 make no charges against anybody .
I have deemed it my duty to call the attention of
the House to the subject, and if a majority of the
gentlemen composing this body thinlc proper to
refer the subject to a select committee, or to one
of the standing committees of this iIouse,I shall
be perfectly satisfied. It is immaterial to me. I
only propose that the investigation shall be made
and the facts reported. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Is the
pending question upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio ?
The SPEAKER. Upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Arkansas first; andthenupon the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his demand for a
il moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will, if the gentleman
mittee of which he is chairman-
on Public Buildings and Grounds—ought to take
the matter in charge. For my part, I can see no
necessity of raising a select committee to take
into consideration the questions involved in the
resolution. J am sure that no committee of this
House, that the Speaker could appoint, woulu be
Mr. BALL.
' indifference to me whether this select committee
: be raised, or whether the Committee 011 Public
< Buildings and Grounds, or any other committee, :
! be instructed to make the investigation. But it
1 is perhaps proper that I should explain to the
Mr. BURNfiTT. I will renew it. Mr. Speaker,
I understand, from the preamble of the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, that improper
conduct is charged upon some of the officials con-
nected with the Treasury Department. Now, sir,
I will sav to that gentleman, and to the House,
that the "head of that Department will not shrink
from any investigation which this House may see
