860
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wade, Mr. Stuart, etc.
Senate.
States, that no court can go behind the law to see
■whether it was fairly passed or not, and no ex-
ecutive officer called on to execute the law can be
permitted to determine for himself its validity.
Then, when Senators on this floor have told the
people of Kansas from this high place that they
were justified in resisting those laws, they have
told them what courts, acting in obedience to laws
and constitutions, have determined to be criminal
ever since civilization began. And yet they say
they are not responsible! Men stand here in
their places, and say to the people of Kansas,
" These laws have been forced on you by the
people of Missouri; they are irregular; they are
of no binding effect, and you are justified in their
resistance;" and yet they " wash their hands of
all the evils that exist in Kansas."
When it comes to a congressional question, in
my judgment it is quite another alfair. The
authority of Congress put that Territory in a con-
dition to'be organized; and ifCongressare satisfied
that that organization has been irregular, fraud-
ulent, and void, they possess the power clearly
and bevond dispute to rijjht the evil and afford
a remedy. But, sir, the President of the United
States and every executive officer, the Supreme
Court of the United States and everv judicial offi-
cer, is bound to regard those laws while they stand,
as the existing bona fide laws of the Territory,
and they are to be obeyed. Entertaining these
views, I have been anxious from the commence-
ment of the session of this Congress, that Congress
ahould take up the subject and furnish a remedy.
That we have the power is beyond all dispute.
I have conversed with my friends, personal and
political. I have spent, 1 may say, I hope, with-
out egotism, anxious days and nights upon this
matter. I have felt its importance. I have urged
men to adopt something as a remedy—a peaceful
remedy, and I have implored them to refrain from
these exciting debates. Now, we come to the
remedy. Two propositions are presented, and
they seem to be the ultimatums. One is presented
by the majority of this body, which proposes to
have a full, free, fair vote of the people in that
Territory. The other proposes to admit the Ter-
ritory as a State upon a constitution made with-
out law, from its inception to its end, and made
confessedly by a part only, and a small part, of
the people of the Territory. In this connection
I want the Senator from Ohio to illustrate a re-
mark which he made to-day, and tell me what
•ingle circumstance there is in the whole history
of Uie Kansas-Topeka constitution* and the his-
tory of the constitution of Michigan, which he
claims to be similar? I tell him frankly that I do
not know of any one, and 1 ahall be glad if he
will point out to me what one is so.
Mr. WADE. I have not the proceedings of
the Michigan convention before me at the present
time, but I know that there was a difficulty ex-
isting between the General Government and the
Territory of Michigan, with regard to the boun-
dary between Michigan and Ohio, and I know
that during^that controversy they formed a con-
stitution without any application to the Federal
Government. There was no proposition made
and no power granted, but they organized a con-
vention, made a constitution, and were admitted
upon it. 1 believe that so far the cases are alike.
Mr. STUART. If the Senate will indulge me
for a few moments, I propose to show that there
is not one single circumstance that attaches to
Kansas, from the beginning to the end, which is
similar to any circumstance in the admission of
Michigan into the Union. If there is any, I shall
be moat happy to be corrected; but this matter
has been so often alluded to, and alluded to after
remarks by my able colleague, that I shall un-
dertake to show there is not a single circumstance -
of similarity between the cases.
Mr. WADE. Let me ask the Senator if they
are not similar in this: there was a Territorial Le-
gislature there at the time the people of Michigan
formed their constitution, but it was done with-
out the sanction of that Legislature. It was en- i
tirely a movement of the people themselves, and ]
they made no application to Congress until they i
presented their constitution. j
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. WADE. Am I not right?
Mr. STUART. Not at all. If the Senator I
! will hear me, I will show him that he is mistaken
[ in every particular. In the first place, the ordi-
nance of 1787 authorized a certain number of
States to be formed out of the Northwestern Ter-
ritory, and authorized their admission into the
Union whenever they should have sixty thousand
inhabitants. Acting upon that authority, the
Territorial Legislature of Michigan, after we had
that number of inhabitants and more, passed a
law to enable the people to elect delegates to a
State convention to form a State constitution.
Those delegates were elected, and they formed a
State constitution, and submitted the adoption of
it to the people of the Territory, and the people
adopted the constitution. They elected a Legis-
lature under it, and they elected" their Senators to
Congress. The people elected a Representative
to the other House. They came here, and de-
manded admission into the Union. All this was
done in virtue of the territorial laws of Michigan,
acting in virtue of the ordinance of 1787. When
they came here, Ohio disputed the southern
boundary. That boundary included the mouth
of the Maumee river. It had, up to that time,
been within the jurisdiction of the Territory of
Michigan. It had not been within the jurisdic-
tion of Ohio. All the officers, townsliip and
•county, justices of the peace, and all others, were
Michigan officers down to the southern boundary
which we claimed; but Ohio claimed a right to
that portion of the Territory. Congress took up
the subject, and determined that Michigan should
release that boundary, and carry it ten miles
further north, as a condition of being admitted
into the Union; and they determined that that
consent should be given by " a convention of the
people." That is the language of the law of
Congress. They did not say how that conven-
tion should be called. They did not say that it
should be called by the Legislature. "fhey did
not say that there should be legislative consent;
but they said a convention of the people of Mich-
igan should consent to that bounaary. The Le-
gislature afterwards called a convention, and that
convention rejected the proposition. The people
then took up the subject themselves, ana they
called a convention. That convention accepted
the proposition, and that acceptance was sent to
the President of the United States. He trans-
mitted it to Congress; and Congress, after full
debate, decided tnat that acceptance was within
the terms of its own law. Therefore, you see,
sir, that there was not a movement in Michigan,
from the beginning to the end, that was not in
accordance with the provisions of a law, euher
of the Territory or of Congress, or of both. Now,
here is the Topeka constitution, formed through-
out without law from its inception to its end, ad-
mittedly by its friends, and yet it is said to be a
parallel case to Michigan. I submit that there is
not a single circumstance, from its commence-
ment to its end, that is parallel; and I hope
(although I confess that I have no ground to hope,
from past experience) that it will not be asserted,
at least here again, that the case of Kansas and
the case of Michigan are parallel.
Mr. President, how has this question been
treated? I am not going over the ground which
has been occupied by the Senator from Georgia
and others, so ably and, in my judgment, so
conclusively; but I am going to call the attention
of the gentlemen opposed to me politically, on
this floor, to a few of their own acts, and to
ask them how they explain them. I called the
attention of the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,]—who, having got through with
his speech to-day, has left us—to the fact that,
notwithstanding his assertion that he had never
fiven a vote for the Missouri compromise line,
ecause it inferentially admitted slavery south
of ij,—I called his attention to the fact that he
voted for it yesterday, and he voted for it a
few mornings ago, at the close of the sittings
on the original bills, emanating from the Senator
from Georgia. In order that that vote may not
be misapprehended, let me state a little of its
history. The honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] representing a minority of the
Committee on Territories, in a speech yesterday,
reiterated his remedy. He said the evils under
which we were suffering this day grew out of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise; that the
remedy therefor was to restore the Missouri
compromise; and, as a finale to his doctrine,
thus explained to the Senate, he presented his
amendment to restore the Missouri compromise,
word for word, and every one of the twelve Sen-
ators on the other side voted for it; and yet they
say they have been always opposed to the Mis-
souri restriction because it inferentially admitted
slavery south of it.
Another thing, sir. A principal plank in their
platform—one which I contended aguinst in 1854,
as I shall ever contend against it, because it is in
the very teeth of the Constitution of the United
States—is opposition to the reclamation of fugitive
slaves, and 1 think nearly every man of them has
declared himself ready to do anything, to suffer
anything, rather than go for that. Yet, in this
very same amendment, every man of them voted
for it. Here it is; I will give the language very
nearly, for it is too dark to read it now: " Pro-
vided, that any person oweing service or labor,
and escaping into that Territory, shall be reclaimed
by his owner, or the person to whom the service
is due, and reclaimed according to law." That is
the language of the amendment, and every ma«
of them voted for it. Now, sir, when you re-
claim a fugitive from service according to law—
when you lawfully reclaim him, you reclaim him
under existing laws. If that bill should pass into
a law with this amendment in it, the fugitive
slave law of 1850 would be the law under which
you would reclaim him, and the only law. When
a legislative body says that an individual or a
people may do a thing lawfully, it is saying they
may do it according to existing laws at the time it is
done. This shows how far party tactics will
lead party men. It was only necessary that one
of that side should offer an amendment, for every
man to vote for it, no matter what it contained.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Will the
Senator from Michigan permit me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. STUART.' Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I ask him
on what ground he assumes—I speak for myself
and for many other gentlemen who voted with
me—that we are opposed to the reclamation of
fugitive slaves ?
Mr. WELLER. You are in favor of it, and
voted for it. '
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. But the
Senator from Michigan says we are opposed to
it; and he says that every one of us has declared
ourselves opposed to the reclamation of fugitive
slaves. I ask him what warrant he has for that
statement ?
Mr. STUART. I say that the principal plank
in the platform of the Republican party is the
repeal of the fugitive slave law.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no such thing in it.
Mr. STUART. I am not talking of the last
one which you made. I am talking of the one
on which you fought the battle of 1854, in oppo-
sition to the Kansas act; and that was the repeal
of the fugitive slave law, and the admission of
no more slave States. That is the ground I op-
posed then. I took the stump throughout the
State in .which I live, against that ground, as
being in open violation of the plainest language
! of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that the platform distinctly put forth
in every part of Illinois before, and I presume no
one will aeny it, was this: No more slave States;
the repeal of the fugitive slave law; the prohibi-
tion of slavery in all the Territories; the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia; the aboli-
tion of the slave trade between the States;—and
each candidate was required to pledge himself to
each one of the measures in every convention in
: our State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
; Michigan allow me to say one word here ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say, in rephr to
what my colleague has said, that I ran for Con-
gress in one of the congressional districts of Illi-
nois, that no such platform was adopted, and no
such ground was taken by me. I ran in opposi-
tion to the Nebraska bill. No such ground was
! avowed, as my colleague states. No State con-
! vention in Illinois ever put forth such ground.
