1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas, Mr. T?~umbull, Mr. Stuart, etc.
Senate.
County meetings may have put it forth; but it
never was the doctrine of the anti-Nebraska
party of Illinois. He cannot show a resolution
of the district in which I live, putting it forth;and
I never heard of ruch ground being assumed. I
have always disavowed it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish the Senate to notice,
that up to the middle of the session my colleague
averred that he was a Democrat, and denied any
association with Republicans, or responsibility
for their platform; but in the State ajiti-Nebraskef
platform at Springfield, they took the ground I
stated; in the Galena district they put forth that
platform; and in each of those other districts they
put it forth. In the district from which my col-
league came, it was necessary to cheat the people
by denying that they belonged to the Republican
party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that an anti-Nebraska convention ever
assembled in the State of Illinois in 1854 ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At Springfield ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never heard of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague was present
in town, and I saw him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never knewof any such
thing, but my colleague seems to have been there !
I was not. No convention ever did assemble of
the anti-Nebraska party generally at Springfield,
during that canvass. I do not know what indi-
vidualsrmay have done, but no such convention
ever assembled there. T know my colleague is
very much in the habit of talking of Abolitionists
and Black Republicans, and of Maine law men,
and of putting them all together, and charging
them all to be the same thing. I did say that I was
attached to no party at the present session of
Congress; that I had always been a Democrat. I
am so still, and expect to continue so; and I be-
lieve I shall be so in sustaining Colonel Fremont
for the Presidency. He is a very much better
Democrat, in my opinion, than the candidate
whom my colleague sustains. But I do not wish
it to go forth to the country that any such plat-
form was ever adopted by the anti-Nebraska
party, as the Senator states; and I say to him
that he cannot produce the action of an anti-Ne-
braska convention that ever assembled at Spring-
field, putting forth such doctrines as he states
here. I do not say that he may not find individ-
uals who sustain those doctrines; but lam speak-
ing of a general State convention. I have some
knowledge of the general proceedings in Illinois,
and I know that no sucn meetings were ever
held, and no delegates were sent from my part
of the State to any such convention.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know such was the case
in the Galena district—the first district. I know
that it was the case in the Chicago district—the
second district. I know that it was the case in
the Bloomington district—the third. I know
that it was the issue in the fourth district—Mr.
Knox's. I know that the same issue was made on
Colonel Richardson' in the fifth district, and on
Major Harris in the sixth. I was not in the other
districts during the campaign. But I do know
that, during the State fair at Springfield in Octo-
ber in that year, an anti-Nebraska convention
' was held, and notice of it was published for weeks
previous. We had a Democratic meeting during
the same week. I know that when Mr. Lincoln
concluded his speech in the State-house against
me, and I rose to reply, Mr. Lovejoy, one of the
Abolition candidates for Congress now, stepped
on the stand and announced that the anti-Nebras-.
ka State convention would meet immediately in
the Senate Chamber. I know that my colleague
was present in the town at the time. I know that
that was a regular Abolition convention, for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law, the prohibition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, the pro-
hibition of the slave trade between the States,
and the admission of no more slave States into
the Union. I know that that was announced as
an anti-Nebraska State convention, and was pub-
lished for weeks previous. I know that my col-
league denied belonging to it at that time, and
never was admitted into the party until about
three weeks ago, and therefore is not good I
authority on that point. li
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I intended to
confine my remarks to the subject under consider-
ation, and I have indulged my friends from Illi-
nois with a great deal of good feeling, but I am
a little afraid that they will get out of order if I
permit them to go any further, and I want to
reply to the Senator from New Hampshire. I saw
that he did not understand the points that I made,
and as I have light now, (the chandeliers having
been lighted,) 1 can make it out perhaps more
distinctly. Yesterday these proceedings occurred:
" Mr. Collamer. I offer the following amendment as an
additional section ; on which I ask for the yeas and nays:
" And be it further enacted, That in all that territory ceded
by France to the United States, under the name of Louisi-
ana, which lies north of 38° 30' north latitude, and not in-
cluded within the State of Missouri, slavery and involun-
tary servitude, otherwise than in punishment for crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be
and is hereby forever prohibited: Provided always, That
any person escaping into the same, from whom labor or ser-
vice is lawfully claimed in any State or Territory of the
United States, such fugitive nt&y be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed to the person claiming his or her labor or service
as aforesaid."
My point is that this language, declaring " such
fugitive maybe lawfully reclaimed, and conveyed
to the person claiming nis or her labor or service
as aforesaid," means, " may be reclaimed under
existing laws, and conveyed to the owner under
those laws;" and hence I said, that if this amend-
ment had been adopted, and the bill passed into
a law, and a person claiming such an individual
should go into the Territory to reclaim him to
service, ne must proceed under the existing fugi-
tive slave law; and consequently every man who
voted for that amendment voted to indorse the
fugitive slave law as it stands, because it says
" may be lawfully reclaimed," and there is no
other law but that.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Will the
Senator from Michigan permit me for a moment?
I think he did not understand me. I understood
him to make an assertion that the whole twelve
Senators who voted in the negative on the Kan-
sas bill, when it was pending before the Senate,
were opposed, and had all declared themselves
opposed, to the execution of the fugitive slave
law. The inquiry I made was, what warrant he
had for that assertion ? I was not aware, as far
as.I was concerned myself, of having given any
authority to any man to make that statement in
respect to me; and in respect to many men who
appear here in the Opposition, I suppose the same
remark holds true. I think the statement of the
Senator was too sweeping and comprehensive,
and he can find no authority for making it.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
ask him, then, is he in favor of the execution of
the fugitive* slave law ?
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I do not now
hold, and have never avowed, that there is any-
thing in the law against its execution.
Mr. STUART. What is the Senator's view
of it ?
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I sustained
the compromise measures of 1850, and always
supported them as long as they were upheld by
others—every part ana parcel of th3m; not be-
cause I approved them all, but becaus e I deemed
them the lesser of many evils. Befor e Senators
undertake to represent the opinions of other gen-
tlemen standing here, I think it is well enough
for them to advise themselves a little as to whether
their statements on that subject are not altogether
too comprehensive and sweeping.
Mr. STUART. The honorable Senator has
misapprehended me altogether in one particular.
I wish to ask him now, Whether he is in favor of
the present fugitive slave law, and against its
repeal ?
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. That is an-
other point. I may be in favor of the repeal flf a
law; but as long as it stands as a law on the stat-
ute-book of the United States it must be enforced.
I have already stated to the Senate that I favored
it originally merely as a choice of evils; and when
the question of its repeal is presented, I may go
against the continued existence of that law. That
is another point. I think it is a departure from
the question as made.
Mr. STUART. Now I will state what I said,
and the Senator will see that he mis nderstood me.
I did not say that every one of the twelve Senators
who voted for this amendment was opposed to
the execution of that law. I stated that the
principal plank of their platform in my country
in 1854 was the repeal of that law, and that every
man of them here voted for it; but I did not state
j anything about their opinions. The opinions of
i some of them I knew, for I had heard them ex-
I pressed on this floor. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio has presented instructions from
his State Legislature at this session for the repeal
i of that law.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; and I voted for it two
or three times.
Mr. STUART. I think the State of Massa-
chusetts has presented similar resolutions for the
repeal of the law, and I think the repeal of the
law is an element in the Republican organization;
but yet every Senator here claiming to belong to
that organization has voted by this amendment
to reclaim fugitives in Kansas under and by vir-
tue of this law.
Mr. President, I shall detain the Senate but a
few minutes longer in considering this proposi-
tion. I have said enough already to show that
the proposition embodied in the bill which has
passed the Senate, did not meet all that I desired
individually. My fellow-Senators very generally
know that; but I have been long enough in life to
learn that a man in a deliberative body can have
nothing precisely as he wants it. He must yield
something to the opinions and wishes of others.
It is presented, therefore, in the existing excited
condition of the country, and in the lamentable
condition of Kansas, as the only remedy that it
is possible to pass. And how is it objected to?
Every Senator who has spoken on the other side
has acknowledged that upon its face it is a good
bill, and that, if it could be carried out according
to its own terms apd provisions, it would execute
a good purpose—it would heal the difficulties in
Kansas, and reduce things to order and harmony
throughout the country. Now, I say to my hon-
orable friends here—opponents, as well as those
who think with me—that .whenever, any man
| ventures opposition to a bill on the ground that
it is to be dishonestly executed, it is an argument
which subverts the foundation of all law. Hu-
man ingenuity cannot pass a law which is to be
effective, if it is not to lie honestly and completely
executed. If you assume that the courts of the
country, the President, and the executive officers
of the country, will not execute your laws, then
you may abandon legislation upon this, and upon
all other subjects. I go for this bill upon the be-
lief and upon the expectation that, like all other
laws, it will be honestly executed and carried
out; and the surrounding circumstances of the
country, so far from permitting me to leave them
as they are, urge me to forego the personal wishes
which my friends know 1 had in respect to some
amendments to that bill, and to give it my hearty
and my full support.
Now, sir, let me say a word to the honorable
; Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in respect
I to his amendment against which I voted. He has
heard .me state to-day that I did not vote against
it because I thought the Legislature of Kansas
was fairly organized; but he proposed by that
amendment to sweep out all law in that Territory,
and to leave nothing but anarchy; and I wps
amazed to hear his response to the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.1 When that
Senator asked him ifthe bill was defective, as he
insisted it was, for the preservation of peace from
this time until that convention should sit and de-
i cide whether it would come into the Union to
propose amendments, his answer was, that his
proposition for peace to Kansas was to repeal all
, laws and all legislative bodies. That I may BOt
be mistaken about that, let me read what those
two Senators said:
" Mr. Pugh. It was suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and reiterated by the Senator from New Hampshire,
that there was no provision in the amendment reported by
. the committee to protect the persons who have been dri ven,
i as they say, out of the Territory, by violence, after their re-
| turn. 1 think it is sufficiently "covered; but I invite those
! Senators, or any of their colleagues, to propose auy amend-
i ment which will more effectually protect persons and prop-
I erty in the Territory, and especially the persons who have
' been driven out; and. for one, I shall vote for it. as I have
no doubt a majority of those who support the bill of the
committee will do. . „
" Mr. Trumbull. I just offered a proposition which I
