1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Sir, the honorable gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] is about to expound the principles
of the Constitution and constitutional law. But,
sir, I tell the honorable gentleman that, however
sound he may be in his premises, and logical in
his argument, the slave power has so trampled
the Constitution into*the dust, in contempt, be-
neath its feet, that little remains for him to do but
to dra$ marginal lines of black around it, and
write expunged upon its face. If the gentleman
from Georgia is able to restore to us that instru-
ment, in all its original purity, the people of the
North, will, as they always have done, stand by
its principles.
It has been said, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in the speech which has been so uni-
versally approved, and so favorably commented
upon by the wise and the good throughout the
Christian land—but which has given so much
offense to the people of the South—departed from
accustomed senatorial dignity. Without intend-
ing to reply to the most extraordinary speech of
the gentleman from North Carolina, delivered in
this House yesterday—without intending to criti-
cise the matter, manner, or style of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] to whom
Senator Sumner, in his speech,alluded—without
intending to criticise or censure any one for his
manner or style of speech, I heartily rejoice that
the American people ha\e been awakened. Daniel
Webster said, a long time ago, the country ought
to be awakened. I heartily rejoice that the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts have had the courage
to place before the American people the true char-
acter of the present Administration. Thank God,
the Senators from Massachusetts have had the
courage to place before the American people the
true character of the slave power, and the real
character of the men who sustain and support it.
In reply to remarks about senatorial dignity, I
will adopt the language of the distinguished his-
torian, Macaulay, who, in the commencement of
the history of England, said he would most cheer-
fully bear the reproach of having descended be-
low the dignity of the historian, if he could suc-
ceed in placing before the English of the nineteenth
century a true pictureof the life and vices of their
ancestors.
Our time is now too precious and passing away
too rapidly to allow me to enumerate and discuss
the offenses which have for a series of years been
committed against the best interests of the country
by the slave power, and by which freedom has
been deprived of its true position m the nation,
and those who have stood upon its broad Ameri-
can platform deprived of place, and the country
deprived of the benefits of their experience and
their patriotism. The assault upon Mr. Summer
w'as not merely a blow upon the head of a Sena-
tor, but one of a series of the aggressions of the
slave power upon the Constitution. Sir, it is a
little singular, that these assaults and these ag-
gressions should so generally have emanated from
the same source; and that when individual vio-
lence is intended, the cane and the club should be
the favorite instrument of slaughter.
The expulsion of the Hon. Samuel Hoar, a ven-
erable and highly respected cititizen of Massa-
chusetts, by threats of personal violence, from the
territory of South Carolina in 1844, was in as
direct violation of the Constitution as any act
could be; and barring the question of brutality,
it was as insulting to Massachusetts and to the
country, as the assault recently committed upon a
distinguished Senator. Sir, in support of my re-
marks relative to the expulsion of Mr. Hoar from
South Carolina and the chivalric proceedings on
thatmemorable occasion,I will, with the permis-
sion of the House, read a short extract from a
letter which I received some time since from that
venerable and good man;
" I was threatened with personal violence by a man in
the street, who approached me with a lar<*e cane, or club,
which he catried horizontally before him, as if prepared to
strike, and who warned me not to remain in the city until
the next morning. The sheriff said he would endeavor
to defend me. but doubted his ability so to do. Dr. Whit-
tridge, of Charleston, agentleman at the head of his profes-
sion, and probably as re&pectablea man as any in that State,
informed me that the populace were collecting in groups and
that nothing was wanting to bring them upon me, but some
one to say ' now is your time.'"
Mr. AIICEN, (interrupting.) I -win say to the
gentleman 
Mr. WAKEMAN. I object to the.interrup-
tion.
Mr. AIKEN. It is necessary that I should
answer the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is not in order, unless he rises to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. AIKEN. I do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or cast an impu-
tation, but I can show the gentleman that the
statement he has read is perfectly false.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to inter-
rupt the gentleman who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I rise to a point of
order. Here is a legitimate question presented to
this House by the reports and resolutions before
it, and anything which may have occurred in
South Carolina, ten, twenty, or thirty years a<ro,
has nothing to do with this issue, and is outside
of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Massachusetts has a
right to allude to a historical incident, but can-
not determine for what purpose it is introduced,
nor can the Chair determine that the gentleman
is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair determine
that an issue of this sort, presentingasingle ques-
tion involving the rights of one or more members
of this body, those persons who have to try the
cause and are sworn to try it according to the
testimony 
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order. Is there any appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am presenting a point of
order.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I call the gentleman to
order, and object to debate.
The SPEAKER. There is no appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and debate is objected
to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not doing that in which
an objection can arrest me. I am presenting a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. There is one question of
order already pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has overruled
that question of order, and there is no appeal
from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question of order, so that there may be no mis-
understanding. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] haspresented a question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my question of
order, and will lot this thing go on.
Mr. BROOKS. I most earnestly request my
friends not to try to stop any gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would not have done so
if the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Aiken]
had been allowed to make an explanation; but l
will withdraw my question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it to be its
duty, under the circumstances, and in regard to
the question before the House, to state that where
a member has the floor and is addressing the
House upon the question before it, it is not the
right of any member of the House to interrupt
him except by rising to a question of order, with
this single exception, that a member who has
spoken, has a right, under the practice of the
House and parliamentary rules, to explain when
he is misrepresented in what he said—not to en-
large ori it, but merely to explain that which he
did say or which he meant to say.
Under the circumstances, the Chair thinks it
its duty to hold the House rigidly to the rules,
and will call upon the House to pass upon the
rulingif the question be raised.
Mr. COMINS. 1 say to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken,] that I rely upon
the statement of my venerable friend, Mr. Hoar,
believing him incapable of falsehood ; and that
the remark of the, gentleman from South Car-
olina is unjust and untrue.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
gentleman from Massachusetts to reply to the
remark of the gentleman from South Carolina,
that remark not having been entertained by the
Chair.
Mr. COM1NS. Then it was not in order for
the gentleman to have interrupted me
Mr. AIKEN. I did not wish to interrupt the
gentleman, and disclaim any intention of casting
an imputation upon anyone.
Mr. COMINfcs. That is satisfactory. Sir, I
regret exceedingly the delay to which we have
unavoidably been compelled to submit in dispos-
ing of the question now before us. The manifes-
tations which should have been made on the part
of this House, should, in my opinion, have been
made at once to have been effective; and if those
manifestations could have been made at the
instance of, and supported by, the minority of
the House, they would have been all the more
potent.
One of the most lamentable facts which is
connected with this transaction—historically con-
nected—is the cold indifference, the frigidity,
ay, the stolidity which has been exhibited on the
part of the Senate, the body against the privi-
leges of which a deadly blow has been aimed.
Mr. McMULLlN, (interrupting.) As the
Speaker proposes to enforce the rules of order so
strictly, I rise to a point of order; and it is that
it is not in order for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, or any other gentleman, to reflect in his
remarks upon the coordinate branch of the Legis-
lature.
* Mr. COMINS. I will, then, confinemy remarks
to the proceedings of the House, if the Chair
decides that it is not in order to allude to the Sen-
ate committee.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to allude to the
proceedings of the Senate so far as they are em-
bodied in the report submitted to the House.
Mr. COMINS. The manner in which this
whole subject has been treated by the Senate, the
body to which Mr. Sumner belonged, and the
sanctityand dignity of which has been so violated,
is second only, in the humiliating scene which
this whole transaction presents to the civilized
world, to the deed itself. Sir, the indignant hu-
miliation with which 1 was filled when I heard
the announcement of a committee to investigate
so grave a charge by the Senate, composed wholly
of the opponents of the assassinated man, was in
broad contrast to the feelings of pride with which
my heart beat, when our own presiding officer,
with his accustomed magnanimity and courtesy,
appointed on the committee of this House a full
minority, composed of two of the ablest men in
this body, and political and personal friends of
the gentleman from South Carolina. This was
right, and just, and due to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Brooks.] But no such
liberality, no such justice, was to be manifested
towards Mr. Sumner, on the part of the Senate.
The appointment of the committee of this House
by the Speaker is but one of the many acts of
strict justice in the administration of this branch
of the Government which are to be found upon
its records; proving that not only the rights of
one section of the country, but the rights of the
whole Union, would be safe in its hands.
God grant that the verdict of this House shall
be such, in the case now before it, that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi shall no longer have
fearful forebodings! 1 join with that gentleman,
with all my heart, in the wish and hope that the
scenes through which this House has passed, and
which have been enacted within the walls of this
Capitol, shall be enacted no more forever. I most
sincerely hope, for the honor of my country, for
the credit of the American Congress, and the
honor and glory of the American people, that
many of the scenes which we have thus far wit-
nessed are no fair exhibition of what is to greet
our ears and meet our eyes during the time
allotted to us for seats in this House.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to examine the
report of the committee and the testimony in detail.
It is in able hands. I prefer to leave to the pro-
fessional and more experienced members on this
floor to judge of the extent which it is necessary
and proper to introduce testimony when the ac-
cused has already plead guilty. To the report
of the committee, the gentleman from South Car-
olina cannot in the least object. General Webb,
in a very able and elaborate letter to the New
York Courier and Enquirer, classifies the assault
upon Mr. Sumner as an outrage which merited
death on the spot. General Webb, in comment-
ing upon the assault, says:
"Looking at it solely as an insult to the country, a tramp-
ling upon the Constitution, and an outrage upon the sanc-
tity of the Senate Chamber, it was an outrage which merited
death on the spot from anypatnot present who was in a
position to inflict the punishment."
And to this letter of General Webb, I under-
