1856.
stand, the gentleman from South Carolina takes
no exception, but says it is satisfactory. Surely,
then, the gentleman from South Carolina, having
merited the punishment of death by his own ad-
mission , his friends cannotobject to his expulsion
from this House.
Mr, COBB, of Georgia, and Mr. PENNING-
TON, each addressed the House at length on the
subject under consideration. Thtir remarks will
appear in the Appendix,
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. If my colleague will yield,
I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope not.
Mr. POST Kit. It is nimiatfjrial to me whether
I go on now or to-morrow. I leave it altogether
to the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will suggest that it is non-
half past three o 'clock. If my colleague does not
wish to go on this evening, perhaps the House
may do some other husim ss,
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will allow
meforamoment,! will remark that I arn anxious
to dispose of the matter before the House, and
hoped to have. brought the House to a vote to-day
upon it; but I will consent that the House now
adjourn, if they will agree to meet to-morrow at
ten o'clock. [Loud cries of "No!" "No!"]
Well, then, at eleven o'clock. [Renewed cries of,
" No !" " No !"] Then, if the gentleman from
Georgia is not prepared to go on with his speech
this evening, I presume that there are others wlio
may desire to speak now. 1 have personally no
anxiety that tile previous qiiestion should be
ordered upon thofi- resolutions, but ihe business
of the House requires that we should dispose of
them at an early moment.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 ask the gentleman from
Georgia, if he does not propose to go on this even-
ing, to allow me twenty-five or thirty minutes. I
do not propose to speak longer than"that.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 prefer to go on at this time,
if the House does not now adjourn.
Mr. F. then addressed the House in an argu-
ment denying tiie constitutional right of the
House to tako cognizance of the matter before it.
Ills remarks will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move, with the consent of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the House
do now adjourn. "
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. ]
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid |
before the House a letter from the Secretary of |
the Interior, asking for an appropriation of $500 j
for repair of water pipes; which was referred to j
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered '
to be printed. '
Also, a communication from the Department j
of State, relative to the claim of James B. Wal- j
ton for compensation as messenger to the govern- !
mentof Tvxas; which was referred to the Com- |
nut tee of Claims, and ordered to be primed.
Also, the report of the Postmaster General, [
under the act of JulyS, 1836; which was referred j
to the Committee on the Post OtTiee and Post
Roads, and ordered to lie printed.
HISTRIOGKAPHICAL MAPS, ETC.
Mr. CADWALADER, by unanimous consent,
introduced the tallowing resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
2U^lre<l, That fj)p Committee on Portion Affairs be. and
they mo hereby, m-fructai to mqmre and ivport upon the
e.\j!C(U^sr> -t; ujopun** an}. and wh.it mf.^ures. for com-
pieutig -m.l ai raii<ruia tli" fnlk-etum ot lnsiorigiapineal raajK
in the Department uf
On motion of J\fr. GILBERT, it was
Ordered, Thru the Commute*1 Claims be dK-harce i
fnw* the Hirth'-r c<inMdfrn:>o  of thr petition of Emnia Jjo-
lanoy, p^iMne ('onip'-n anon inr of her lather m
the revolution;!! v war. anil that tin' .samebe referred to the
t ommitu-o ot) ointionai > Pou.-ion-* !
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On Iifcp mutioji, k was
Th.it the  'ommmee of Chum* be d^ehar^i
1j"Ui the lujiiici i ojjvj;}i i.iiioji uj'tiif im-jjitoia} of iit'-«Ur St
Keddiuirtoj), ami that the smii' he m'cnvri to the Couit Of
Cidlllls.
Mr. CA.MPRF.LT,, of Ohio. I have ii^ my
hands a communication from the Clerk of the
House, covenng estimates of the contingent ex-
penses of the Hi mw, and also some communica-
tions froiu the Departments, which I ask maybe
referred to the Committee of WavT^d"Means
and ordered to be printed. means,
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Ana then, on motion of Mr. TAPPAN fat
feed "* te" Mi"UteS') tile Housed
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 11, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. iinert c. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AJfD MEMORIALS.
ib^lriP'0TjC¥Y Prc.semed tho memorial of Na-
■' Pra>'InS for an extension of his
patent for an improvement in the manufacture
of India rubber goods; which was referred to the
Commutee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Ah. MuLER presented additional papers in
of'Tnlo, j01","" °f Elizabeth Moast to arrears
Wele refeM'ed t0 the C0mmit"
i nf Anf, i„P^GH- Prfent?d two petitions of citizens
| °l Y1"0' Pray-ng for the establishment of a mail
i route from Gilead to Portageville, in that State;
| er® ,the Committee on the
j Post Office and Post Roads.
! Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of mer-
, chants, ship-owners, and others, of Newbury-
i port, Massachusetts, praying that the duties on
I all raw materials imported into the United States
i he abolished; which was referred to the
j Committee on Finance.
; Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented additional
papers in relation to the.ckrm of Adam Hays to
1 of pension; which were referred j with his
|. petition on file, to the Committee on Pensions,
j.' On motion of VIr, PISH, it was
j' Ordered That the mrmonil of Edward Harte, on tile
I nle? tl},e Senate. be referred to tUe Committee on Patents
, and tiie Patent Office.
i1 moUo« Mr. CASS, the Committee on
j, .territories were discharged from the considera-
, tion of the petition of Hezekiah Miller; and it
I, was referred to the Committee on Claims.
| On motion of Mr. II UNPER, it was
jj Ordered, That C. M. Ilitehcock, executor of A. H. S.
I j Hunter, ha v.: leave to withdraw Ins petition and papers, j
; ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY,
j On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
Monday next,
BILL INTRODUCED.
| Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
; sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S.No. 370)
, making a grant of lands to the State of California,
m alternate sections, to aid m the construction of
railroads in said State; which was read the first
and second times by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
j REPORTS OP COMMITTEES,
i Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
; Claims, to whom was referred a bill, communi-
[ eated to the Senate the 27th of June, by the Court
' of Claims, for the relief of George A. Magruder,
i with the opinion of the court in Che case, reported
; the bill without amendment. The bill (S. No.
I 371) was read and passed to a second reading;
and the opinion of the court was ordered to be |
printed. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred a bill, communicated to the Senate |
on the 27th of .Tune, by the Court of Claims, for i
the relief of Joseph White, with the opinion of j
the court in the case, reported it without amend-
ment. The bill (S. No. 732) was read and passed I
to a second reading; and the opinion of the court j
was ordered to be printed. _ |
He also, from the same committee, to whom]
was referred a bill communicated to the Senate, ]
' on the -Jitn ot June, i>v tnr eonn oi \_iaims, ior
' the relief of James M. Lindsay, with the opinion
of the court in the cese, reported it without
amendment. The bill (S. No. 373) was read and
, passed to a second reading; and the opinion of
, the court was ordered to he printed.
: He also, from the same committee, to whom
! was referred a bill communicated to the Senate, on
the 27th of June, by the Court of Claims, for the
' relief of Moses Noble, with the opinion of the
! court in the ease, reported it without amendment.
1599
^.No- 37,4) was read and passetTtcTa
oilered tole Ikmfd 6 °Pini°n °f th6 COUrt waS
t'^r' ^rom the Committee on Rero/u-
n f "th7hto whom was referred the petition
of the heirs of Ebenezer Murch, submitted an
vr f was °rdered t0 be
£ ' rom the Committee on
lS T t  ! were referred the petitions of
w R-^ic fr'Alexander Wilson,Sally Keves,
Hannah Walker, James Connelly, and Ruth Ail-
hps, submitted adverse reports; which were con-
curred m, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
fromrdthpdf,,T^3  t,le C°fmiuee on Pensions be discharged
irorn the further consideration of the petition of John
and that u be Jarred to the Committee On Naval
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Eliza B. MciNtell, widow of F. B. McNiell.sub-
a, report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
) 'or ber relief; which was read and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 345) for the relief
ot l\a(han M. Lounsbury, reported it without
amendment.
JACOB PRICE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on
Pensions have further instructed me to report
back without amendment the bill (H. R. No.
367) for the relief of Jacob Price, of Jefferson
county, Virginia, and to recommend its passage.
The man for whose benefit it is intended is very
poor and destitute, and I move that the bill be
now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill, which proposes to direct tha
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Jacob Price on the pension roll at four dollars a
month during his natural life, commencing on
the 1st of January, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading-, read the
third time, and passed.
WIDOW OF COMMODORE DECATUR.
Mr. RRODHEAD. I move that we now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Private Calendar
in its order.
The motion was agreed to.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the joint resolution (S. R. No.
24) for the benefit of Mrs. Susan Decatur, widow
of Commodore Stephen Decatur, late of the
United States Navy.
Mr, BROWN. I think the last business wa
transacted, when the Private Calendar was up,
i was the bill in relation to McCormick's patent.
J The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This joint
j resolution is the unfinished business. Yesterday
I it was made the special order for half past twelve
I o'clock to-day, and it takes precedence.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My motion was to take
up the Private Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
private bill taken yesterday from tbe files by
order of the Senate, and it was made the special
order for half past twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. BP„OWN. I shall never understand the
rules here. I thought that when we agreed to
take up the Private Calendar we should proceed
with it in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
private bill, and being made the special order for
half past twelve o'clock, of course it comes up
first.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know bow a
spccial order can be made in regard to a private
bill which will override the regular Private Cal-
endar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
yesterday called the bill from "the Private Calen-
1 dar, and made it the special order for to-day,
i and, as a matter of course, it comes up first,
j Mr. BROWN. I move to postpone the con-
i side ration of this bill, and lake up the Calendar
i in regular order.
i Mr. JONES, of Iowa. One o'clock 1ms not
1 yet arrived, and we can go on with this bill. As
