1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
postponed until such time as said convention shall
appoint." I wonder if there was anything in
the organic act to prevent the Territorial Legis-
lature from ordering their annual election in
October! I cffuld show other instances where
the act recently passed by the Senate interferes
■with the local legislation in the Territory in mat-
ters not inconsistent with the organic act. But
if I hare shown it in one instance, I hajje con-
victed those Senators who advocate the doctrine
of non-interference, of doing an act which is di-
rect interference. As the bill establishes a new
doctrine, and a new faith on the part of its advo-
cates, I shall make no objection to its publication,
though I think it would be very well, as it is to go
forth for the purpose of expressing their views,
that it should also contain the action of the Senate
upon it in order that the country might see what
their intentions were, not only from the act itself,
but from the amendments which they refused to
adopt, and their votes upon them.
But, sir, an inconsistency is imputed to those
of us who thought proper to vote against this
bill by the Senator from Michigan, and he under-
takes to assume that, because we were in favor
of the restoration of the Missouri compromise,
or voted for a proposition to be inserted in this
bill restoring it, therefore we are inconsistent;
because, as he says, we are opposed to the rec-
lamation of fugitive slaves. He has not only
no warrant from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Bell] for the assertion, but, so far
as I am concerned, I have repeatedly avowed
on the floor of the Senate, that I believe in the
right to reclaim a fugitive, and that the South is
entitled to a reasonable law for that purpose.
Any person who has taken the trouble to listen
to me, must have heard me assert that before;
and yet I am now charged with inconsistency,
together with every other Senator who voted for
a restoration of the Missouri compromise, be-
cause it asserts a right which we never denied !
But, sir, there is bo analogy, that Senator tells
us, between the ease of Michigan and the case of
Kansas; and he hopes never to hear those cases
cited again, as being, in any respect, analogous.
In order to sustain his position upon that point,
what does he do? He refers to the ordinance of
1787, and declares that it was under that, that
Michigan formed her constitution to come into
the United States. Mr. President, is it not a little
remarkable that the State of Michigan should
become one of the United States of America,
under the Constitution, in pursuance of am ordi-
nance adopted before that Constitution was
formed? The ordinance of 1787 could not pro-
vide for the admission of a State into anything
but the Confederacy of States. That was abol-
ished; and we have been told that the ordinance
of 1787 was abolished by the Constitution of the
United States. It seems to be alive or dead, to
suit the convenience of Senators. One day it is
wiped out by the adoption of the Constitution,
and the next day it is in full force and effect, to
bring a State into the Union, under the Constitu-
tion. I think that it is unnecessary further to
examine this ordinance; for I take it that, if a
State comes into this Union, it comes into it in
accordance with the Constitution of the United
States—in accordance with that provision which
authorizes Congress to admit new States, and'
not in accordance with any resolve or declaration
made before the Union was established, or the
Constitution had a being.
_ The Senator from Michigan tells us there is no
similarity between the cases of Kansas and Mich-
igan,and yetitis admitted that the State of Mich-
igan came into the Union in accordance with an
election which was not held in obedience to any
act either of Congress or of the Territorial Legis-
lature of Michigan. The Senator shakes his
head. Congress provided, if I understand cor-
rectly, (and I will ask if that is the correct state
of the case ? I understood the Senatorso to state,
and I believe it is so,) that Michigan might be
admitted into the Union provided the people
would sanction a certain boundary. In order to
ascertain whether they would do so, a conven-
tion of the people was to be held, or it was to be
submitted to a direct rote of the people. I would
inquire of the Senator from Michigan if it was
submitted to a direct vote of the people or a con-
vention of the people to determine whether they
would accept the boundary line proposed by Con-
gress ?
Mr. STUART. I should have preferred to
answer the gentleman after he gets tnrough; but
I will answer now if he wishes it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to know that fact.
Mr. STUART. The fact is this: that Con-
fress passed a law authorizing the Legislature Of
lichigan 
Mr. TRUMBULL. What was the act of
Congress ?
Mr. STUART. The act of Congress was, that
the boundary was to be accepted by a convention
of the people of Michigan.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand that
the Legislature provided for a convention of the
people, that that convention was held, and that it
disagreed to the boundary. Thatisso. Then,sir,
the people, without any legislative sanction what-
ever, went on and got upanother convention, held
an election without any judges appointed by the
legislative authority of Michigan—without any
mode being prescribed,either by Congress or the
Legislature of Michigan, as to how that election
was to be conducted. But after the State of
Michigan had solemnly decided, through a con-
vention convened in pursuance of an act of Con-
Ciss, and under the authority of her Territorial
gislature against it, the people spontaneously
elected delegates tp a convention which accepted
the proposed boundary. Is that so? Then, if
that be so, can the Senator from Michigan see no
similarity between an election called under such
circumstances, and the elections which were
called in Kansas to select delegates to form a
constitution, and subsequently ratify it. Why,
sir, the people of Michigan, spontaneously, and
without a semblance of legal sanction, got up an
election, chose delegates who adopted the prop-
osition which a duly constituted convention had
previously rejected, as part of their organic act,
and were admitted into the Union; and yet there
is no similarity between the two eases! It seems
to me that the analogy is very remarkable.
Again, sir, I have been assailed for offering a
proposition which the Senator has seen proper to
designate as a proposition for-peace, which Was
to repeal the laws hi Kansas and dismiss the offi-
cers. It was not offered as a proposition of
peace. It was offered as an amendment to the
bill under consideration. We were invited to
make any amendments to that bill which would
have a tendency to secure the people of Kansas
in their rights, to enable those who have been
driven away to return; and, as one proposition, I
offered this, to abolish the laws and dismiss the
officers. I wish it understood, when I speak of
the proceedings of the so-called Kansas Legisla-
ture as laws, I do not mean to admit that they are
laws having any binding force. I do not believe
it. I disagree in telo with the Senator from Michi-
gan upon that point. I deny that a set of intru-
ders can forcibly make entrance into any Terri-
tory or State in this Union, and elect for the in-
habitants of such State or Territory a Legislature
that can pass laws that are binding anywhere.
They are not laws; and when the Senator says
that these are laws to be enforced, he begs the
question. If they are laws, they are to be en-
forced; but the mere decrees of usurpers are not
laws. The fact that they are published as laws
does not make them so, or give any binding effect
to them.
Suppose, then, a hundred persons were to
assemble upon the borders of Michigan; or, if
you please, at Lansing, the seat of government,
in that State—suppose that they should walk
into the State-bouse, enact a code of laws for the
people of the State of Michigan, deposit them in
the office of the Secretary of State, that they were
to be regularly signed by an officer styling him-
self the Speaker of the fjjpuse of Representatives,
and another the President of the Senate, and
certified to by clerks: that Senator would not
treat them as law, nor advise anybody to obey
them. That, perhaps, is a little stronger case
than this, because this is a little better covered up i
with forms of law; but it is equally as vicious, 1
and entitled to just as little respect as the case I
have supposed of the one hundred men who
should assemble in Michigan. It has been proved
by testimony that those who assembled together
and styled themselves a Legislative Assembly
for Kansas were persons elected by the people of
Missouri, and not by the inhabitants of Kansas;
and I say that the action of such a body of men
is not entitled to the name of law, and never
should be dignified with such a title.
I wish to say a few words in reference to what
has been said as to the principles avowed by per-
sons opposed to the Senator. He chooses to
attribute certain principles to those opposing his
views, and then assails them. My colleague is
very much given to that also. It is a very easy
matter to batter down a man of our own setting
up. It has been said here upon the floor of the
Senate to-day, that no man can support Fremont
who does not deny the right to admit a State into
the Union tolerating slavery. Now, sir, there is
no such plank as that in the platform upon which
Colonel Frenaont stands. He stands upon that
good old Democratic platform upon which Jeffer-
son stood, where Jackson stood, and where Polk
stood, recognizing the right of Congress to pro-
hibit the extension of slavery into the Territories.
But there is no such plank in that platform as a
denial of the right, under any and all circum-
stances, to admit a slave State into the Union.
Mr. WELLER. How could a Territory be-
come a slave State, if you prohibited slavery in
it while in a territorial condition ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer the Senator
from California. Suppose that in process of time
you shall acquire Cuba. Slavery is already there.
We cannot prevent its extension there, because
it already exists. It might come in as a slave
State, with the slavery which it had; and I am
very free to say that I would not be for abolish-
ing slavery at once in a ccfttntry where it was
a fixed institution, and where the slaveB were
numerous. Again, is there anything to prevent
the people of a Territory, who have had no slaves
among them while a Territory, from establishing
slavery afterwards, when they beeame a State, if
they see proper to do so ?
Mr. WELLER. What I want the Senator to
state is, whether he would vote to admit a State
with a constitution recognizing slavery?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under some circumstances
I would do so.
Mr. WELLER. Will you be good enoegh to
tell me under what circumstances yon would vote
to admit a slave State?
Mr. TRUMBULL, i stated a moment ago.
If we should acquire Cuba, and it may be if a
slave State were formed from a portion of Texas,
I would vote to admit it. I might vote to admit a
slave State formed from free territory, if the peo-
ple in their State constitution should establish
slavery. I do not believe they would do such a
thing. It is a very improbable case; but if it
were fairly done, I might vote to admit the State;
| It is no article of my political creed to make War
upton slavery, except against its extension; and
it is a great misrepresentation of those with whom
I act, and have ever acted, to suppose that we
wish to make any encroachments upon the rights
of the South. Never. It is not so. I would
protect the South in every right which the Con-
stitution protects them in. But, sir, the Consti-
tution of my country does notrequire that I should
aid, directly or indirectly, in the Bpread of slavery.
If there were no slaves here, I would be opposed
to introducing one. As it is here, we must deal
with it as our fathers dealt with it—as an evil to
be tolerated, not encouraged and extended. It is
an entire mistake to suppose that the great senti-
ment of the North wishes to encroach one jot or
one tittle upon the rights of the slaveholding
States of this Union.
Sir, it is no encroachment to prevent the exten-
sion of slavery into a Territory which was free;
and I am astounded at the announcement of the
Senator from Louisiana to-day, that, if slavery
is excluded from the Territories of the United
States, it is to be a cause for breaking up the
Union. It was not so in the days of our fathers.
It was not so in 1787, when slavery was excluded
from the Northwest. It was not so in 1830,
when it was excluded from this very Territory.
It was not so in 1848, when Oregon was organ-
ized. Why, sir, ray colleague, in an elaborate
argument, answered the position assumed to-day
