864
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
by the Senator from Louisiana, when he sud
that it was no appropriation of the whole Terri-
tory to the North, if slavery was excluded from
it. I grant you, sir, if the North denies the South
common rights in the common property of this
Union, it is wrong; and I will never ask for the
North what I would not grant to the South.
The North does not ask to take any right away
from the South—never. Of course, I do not now
allude to what the few Abolitionists may have
done; nor to the attempt that is made here, in
the Senate and elsewhere, to identify persons
who are for standing by the Constitution and the
Union as it is, and preserving it in all its parts,
with that miserable set of fanatics who would
destroy the Constitution whether they live North
or South.
Citizens of the South insist that they have a
right to go into the Territories with their southern
laws? Thatright we deny. We deny to the north-
ern man a right to go there with his northern
laws. You cannot takq into the Territories of
the United States the legal institutions from any
part of the Union. The Territories are the com-
mon property, not of the North or South, or
any particular State; no State has a particular
interest in the Territories; they belong to the
Union. If a person goes into a Territory, no
matter whether he goes from the North or from
the South, he goes there with equal rights. If a
southerner has no right' to take his slaves to the
territories, neither has a northern man. If an
act of Congress were to provide that an individ-
ual from one section of the Union could go into
a Territory, and take a peculiar species of prop-
erty, and hold it there, and deny that right to an
individual in another section of the Union, it
would be unjust. Nt> such thing is intended. It
is proposed to allow persons from all parts of the
Union to go into the Territory with the same iden-
tical rights, and it is no violation of southern
rights to prevent the existence of slavery. This,
as I said, was established in an elaborate argu-
ment made by my colleague, in this Chamber, in
1850. I would refer the Senator from Louisiana,
if he were here, and other Senators who now re-
gard it as a cause for the dissolution of the Union,
if such a thing were to be done, to the argument
made upon that occasion.
This was the doctrine, not only of my col-
league, but it was the position assumed by Ben-
ton, by Clay, and most of the statesmen of the
time, that in a Territory no particular law from
any State prevailed, unless reenacted. Therefore,
if slaves can only be held in South Carolina by
virtue of some law, when they are taken to
Kansas, where there is no law on the subject,
they become free, for it would be just as reason-
able that the laws of New England or Illinois,
prohibiting slavery, should have force in Kansas,
as the laws of South Carolina, which protect it.
In some States of the Union, a female is of
full age at eighteen years, to control her own
time, and do as she pleases. In other States, she
is not of full age to act for herself until she is
twenty-one. Now, I ask you, sir, if a person
having a daughter goes to Kansas from a State
which does not allow her to act for herself until
she is twenty-one years old, is to take that law
along with him, and to control the daughter until
she arrives at that age ? And is the individual
who goes from the other State, where the child
is of full age at eighteen years, permitted to con-
trol, and have the benefit of her labor till she is
twenty-one? If not, which law is to prevail in
Kansas? Manifestly neither; but every individ-
ual who goes to Kansas subjects himself to the
law, common or statute,which he finds established
in the Territory; and if none has been established,
then he is there without law, and in no event
can he enforce the law of the State whence he
came.
I will say a word in reply to my colleague, who
•poke of resolutions adopted at public meetings
in the State of Illinois, and who sought to create
the impression, by his remarks, that the great
party in that State who were opposed to the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, and the exten-
sion of slavery into Kansas, consequent upon it,
were also opposed to the fugitive slave law, to the
admission of any more slave States into the
Union, and for abolishing slavery in the District
of Columbia—I do not know whether the last was
mentioned to-day—but it was on a former occa-
sion. Now, sir, that great party in the State of
Illinois, largely in the majority at the last con-
tested election, entertain no such views. That
there may be individuals who do, I will not un-
dertake to controvert, and so there may be, per-
haps, in all the States of the Union. The anti-
Nebraska party of Illinois recently held a con-
vention, and nominated for Governor, Colonel
Bissell, a gentleman known to many individuals
now within hearing, as good a Democrat, permit
me to say, as any in this Union. They put forth
a platform upon which this great and gallant man
stands—a man who has proved himself, upon
all occasions, wherever tried, a true, brave,
and honorable gentleman. In the convention
which nominated him, and which nominated the
ticket that is running with him, was there any
such declaration of principles as are talked about
here ? Not a word of it, sir. No resolution was
adopted or proposed demanding the repeal of the
fugitive slave law, or avowing the intention of
opposing the admission of any more slave States
into the Union. There was nothing like it; but
the convention placed itself on a firm and solid
i foundation, very similar to the platform which
has been put forth by the Philadelphia Conven-
tion that presented Colonel Fremont for the
Presidency. It will not do to pick up a few iso-
lated cases of county meetings, or meetings that
have not had the approbation of the great mass
of those in the State who are supporting Colonel
Bissell, and attribute to all his supporters the ultra
views of some particular neighborhood.
Why, sir, I very well remember that a Demo-
cratic convention which met in the northern part
of Illinois a few years ago nominated for Con-
gress Mr. Thompson Campbell, now a resident
of California, and one part of the platform upon
which he was elected was a repeal of the fugitive
slave law. Mr. Campbell was the particular
' friend of my colleague, I believe. Another con-
i gressional convention nominated Mr. Molony,
' and he too was elected, avowing publicly all
these ultra measures which are attributed now to
, those with whom I act. This Mr. Molony is a
favorite of this Administration, and was appointed
a land officer in Illinois. All these objectionable
doctrines attributed now to those with whom I
act were avowed by two of the Democratic can-
didates for Congress in Illinois—the particular
friends of my colleague; and I may with as much
propriety charge that those with whom he acts
are for a repeal of the fugitive slave law, and
against the admission of any more slave States
into the Union, as he to charge it upon the anti-
Nebraska party, with whom I act.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. Campbell is now a con-
stituent of mine, and 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Illinois whether I am to understand him as
saying that Mr. Campbell was run by those who
were in favor of the repeal of the fugitive slave
law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Campbell, in a letter
which he wrote—I have not the letter before me
now—and which was published at the time of the
canvass, did avow himself in favor of a repeal of
the fugitive slave law, if my recollection serves
me correctly, and I do not think I can be mis-
taken. I will endeavor to furnish the letter, how-
ever, if there is any dispute about it.
Mr. WELLER. That I shall require, if you
assert the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My impression is that he
took ground against the fugitive slave law and in
favor of its repeal—I am quite confident in its
modification if not to its total repeal. It is some
time since I saw the letter. I believe there were
a series of questions put to him 
Mr. WELLER. I think the Senator from
Illinois ought to have refreshed his memory be-
fore he made a serious charge of this sort against
a gentleman of high character. Mr. Campbell
was a prominent member of Congress from the
State of Illinois, and was sent out as one of the
land commissioners to the State which I repre-
sent. The Senator ought not, therefore, to pass
on the conduct of a man of high character until
he has acquainted himself with the facts. If he
can get the information from the gentleman with
whom he is consulting now, I hope he will give
it to the Senate. Between the two they may be
able to make up a plausible story; but, at all
events, I shall require that the Senator who
makes this charge shall produce the proof of his
allegation. I hope that now he has refreshed
h,tre^^fT°"suItinS with that gentleman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A colleague in the House
has a very distihct recollection of the fact which
I have^tated. .
Mr. W'ELLER. I will be obliged to the Sena-
tor from Illinois and his colleague in the House if
they will produce that letter, for that will be more
satisfactory than the statement of the Senator
who affirms, at the time he makes the statement,
that he does not recollect distinctly what it was,
and depending entirely upon the representation
of a colleague of his in the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not entirely. I have a
recollection of it, but I do not undertake at this
distance of time to state the letter verbatim. I
state its general tenor. That is all I will state at
this moment. 1 will endeavor to produce the
paper itself for the satisfaction of the Senator from
California. But as to the general character of
the letter, I feel warranted in saying that it did
go to the extent of a total repeal or essential modi-
fication and change of the fugitive slave law.
But, sir, my object in alluding to that is not to
attribute such views to my colleague or the mass
of those with whom he acts. I do it for the pur-
pose of showing that it is not a fair mode of argu-
ment to charge upon any great party that it
adopts the views which have been promulgated
by a faction of persons acting with that party in
any particular locality.
I do not wish to prolong this discussion, and
am sorry to have detained the Senate so long. I
will make one remark, however, to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] who, in allud-
ing to the doctrine of popular sovereignty, stated
that the distinguished Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] notnowin his seat, was the author of
it. I think that is doing great injustice to thatjSen-
ator. He does not claim to be its author.* He
is guilty of no such sacrilege. He says it came
from God Almighty, and was inaugurated in 1776.
1 do not believe he will thank the Senator from
Pennsylvania for imputing to him what belongs
to the Almighty.
j Mr. BIGLER. That is higher authority than
j 1 suppose the Senator from Michigan is, and we
i ought to like the principle the better.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if the Senator does
not mean to impute the discovery to the Senator
from Michigan, I certainly will not volunteer to
defend him.
[Since the foregoing remarks were delivered,
the reporter has been furnished with a series of
questions propounded to the Hon. Thompson
Campbell, when a candidate for Congress in
1850, together with Mr. Campbell's reply to the
same, as they were published in the Illinois
papers at the time. They are as follows:
" 1. Will you, if elected, vote for, and cordially support
a bill prohibitiog slavery in the Territories of the United
States?"
"2. Will you vote for, and support, a bill abolishing
slavery in the District of Columbia ?"
" 3. Will you oppose the admission of any slave State
which may be formed out of Texas or the Territories?"
"4. Will you advocate and vote for the election of a
Speaker of the House of Representatives who shall be wilt-
ing to organize the committees of that House «o as to give
the free-States their just influence in the business of legis-
lation ?"
" 6. What are your views, not only as to the constitu-
tional right of Congress to prohibit the slave trade between
the States, but also as to the expediency of exercising that
right immediately ?"
" To the first and second interrogatories 1 answer une-
quivocally in the affirmative.
" To your third interrogatory I reply, that 1 am ftpposed
to the admission of any more slave States into the union,
that may be formed out of Texas, or any other Territory."
" To the fourth and fifth interrogatories I unhesitatingly
answer in the affirmative.
"To the sixth interrogatory I reply that so long as the
slave States continue to treat slaves as an article of com-
merce, the Constitution confers power on Congress to pass
laws regulating that peculiar commerce, and the protection
of human rights imperatively demands the interposition of
every constitutional means to prevent this most inhuman
and iniquitous traffic. T- Campbell, j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the Committee
on Printing.
