1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas ^Affairs—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I am not disposed to renew this
discussion at any other time; and as it is neces-
sary that I should correct one misrepresentation
of my colleague, personal to myself, I will say a
few words, also, in reference to the topics which
have been debated.
I had objections, Mr. President, to the bill
which passed the Senate last week, but I did not
think it worth while, after a continuous session
of twenty hours, when all around me were so
much exhausted, to explain those objections at
any length. I doubtfed whether Kansas had a suf-
ficient population to warrant her admission as a
State; but I neversaid, (as my colleague asserts,)
i insuperable objection
I sai5, also, from the votes cast in October, 1855,
the Territory could not have contained that num-
ber, by five or six thousand, at the time of the
session of the Topeka convention. I confess,
sir, I have no distinct evidence, to this hour, that
Kansas contains thirty thousand inhabitants; and
it was upon this point, chiefly, I had to overcome
doubts.
Mr. WADE. I stated only from recollection
what my colleague said. It occurred to me that
he did say there should be ninety-three thousand,
the amount required in the original bill; but it
may be as he has stated. I did not profess to be
accurate on the point. I quoted from memory.
Mr. PUGH. I should not have referred to the
subject at all, but that, when I rose to correct my
colleague's statement—supposing he had misap-
prehended me—he refused to allow the correc-
tion, and insisted upon the accuracy of his own
words. I knew what my views were at the time,
and thought I remembered my language. Since
the occurrence, however, I have examined the
report of my speech, and it was just as I said.
My insuperable objection was to the lack of
thirty thousand inhabitants, and because I believe
the Constitution requires that number in the case
of every new State, when it declares that the ratio
for Representatives shall never be less than thirty
thousand. I thought the admission of new States,
with ten or twenty thousand inhabitants, would
be an infringement of the Federal compact, and,
considering the number of our Territories at
present, of very dangerous consequence.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
when he submitted his views as a member of the
"Committee on Territories, only claimed twenty-
five thousand inhabitants for Kansas, and that
claim was based upon the votes given in October
last. I repeat, sic, the evidence is not conclusive
to my mind, that the population of Kansas has
increased, even as yet, to thirty thousand. But
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] de-
clares that it is forty thousand; and one of the
Senators from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has
risen to nearly or quite sixty thousand. It seemed
to be conceded on all sides, and affirmed by the
vote of the other House, that there had been a
large increase of population in Kansas during the
past eight months; and so, for the sake of peace,
assenting to what appeared to be the opinion
of those Senators with whom I generally vote—
assenting to what I supposed were the wishes of
the Opposition—assenting to the course adopted
by the House of Representatives—I consented
to act upon the supposition that Kansas had
now attained the limit of thirty thousand inhabi-
tants. The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer]
appeared to have some doubt in this regard, and
expressed himself to that effect; but he sacrificed
all doubts, nobly, for the sake of conciliation and
peace.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
also expressed a doubt. What those two Sen-
ators said, just before the final vote, so fully ex-
plained my own views, that I did not wish to add
a single word. So much for the inconsistency
of which my colleague accused me. I said also,
in my speech, that I would not be disposed to
admit a State with less population, by two
thirds, than the existing1 ratio of representation.
I would only agree to that in extraordinary cir-
cumstances. 1 still adhere to the declaration, j
But, sir, these are extraordinary circumstances, j
*nd they have become so, in a great degree, since j
my speech was delivered. If what my colleague '
New Sehiks—No. 55.
has said be true—if there be any foundation at
all for the constant assertions of those with whom
he acts—this is a case in which I am bound to
surrender every consideration short of constitu-
tional duty, in order to establish peace in the
Territory; and—if it be not, alas! too late—re-
store peace to our almost distracted Union.
J Mr. President, I care little whether the motion
under debate be or be not adopted. I do not
imagine that twenty thousand copies of the " pa-
| cification" bill (as it has been rightly named) will
! answer the public demand, or even suffice to in-
j form the country of its provisions. I have no
; such idea. Nor do I believe that one hundred
i thousand copies would accomplish the purpose.
To me, therefore, it is immaterial whether the
motion be adopted or rejected. Already, in the
newspapers of the Opposition, a studious attempt
has been made to deceive the people as to its
character. It is called " the Kansas slave State
bill," not only in editorial paragraphs, but in
lettersandtelegraphicdispatches. Andevenhere,
to our very faces, several Senators have asserted
—not that the bill was calculated to make Kansas
1 a slave State—not that such would be its tendency
or effect—but that the purpose, the intention, the
deliberate design of those who voted for it was
to make Kansas a slave State. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] has asserted this, and
asserted also that it is a parliamentary charge.
I say that it is not. It is unparliamentary, im-
proper, and abusive; and if the Senator expects
to employ such language in any debate with me,
he might as well prepare for a retort. I main-
tain, sir, that the rules of the Senate do not tol-
erate an assertion like that. On reflection, to be
sure, he has excepted the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] out of this unprecedented de-
nunciation; but he persists in the charge that all
the rest of us, from the North as well as from the
South, although upon the sanction of our oaths,
before God and the country, we have professed
that our sole purpose, intention, and design, was
to adopt a fair measure—one which should truly
ascertain the will of the actual inhabitants of
Kansas, are perpetrating a deliberate falsehood.
Who is this Senator, pray, that he should thus
pronounce other Senators to be hypocrites and
knaves? This, [ suppose, is the " free speech"
of which we have heard so much, and which no
man must presume to question in or out of the
Senate Chamber. I repeat, sir, such language
is neither parliamentary nor excusable. •
I agree that any Senator has a right to declare
that the provisions of the bill are such, or the
circumstances under which.it is proposed are
such, that the legitimate consequence will be to
make Kansas a slave State. That is a proposi-
tion I can discuss with him; and to that even the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] con-
fined himself in his last address. But when a
Senator exceeds that limit, and undertakes to
i impute an intention to his fellow Senators, con-
| trary to what they have professed, he violates all
the decorum of debate, and the privileges of those
who are compelled to hear him. And, sir, when-
ever it is attempted, offensively, towards me, I
shall claim an equal degree of indulgence—and
the right to say (what I now say of the assertion
of the Senator from Maine) that, so far as 1 am
concerned, it is entirely without foundation or
excuse.
Well, Mr. President, we attempted to settle
| the Kansas question fairly, so far as we could
settle it. I have stated the points upon which I
yielded I do not agree with the Senator from
New York, that the day for compromise has
passed. I agree with the Senator from Kentucky
that, saving the Constitution, I will compromise :
to the last syllable of recorded time, if I can j
thereby promote the peace of the Union, and the !
welfare of the individual States. I have contrib-
uted my share; other Senators have made their
contributions. The bill was not introduced at
my suggestion, nor after any consultation with '
me. I found it here upon my return from the ,
West, and examined it as well as I eould. The !
result was a determination to give it my support. !
I sympathized also in the invitation extended
by the distinguished Senator from Kentucky to
those who claim to be the especial friends of the
free-State party in Kansas—an invitation to pro-
pose any amendment which would render the bill
more acceptable to them, and yet preserve its
principles. I had read, in the Globe newspaper,
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] declared it a bill almost unexceptionable—
such, perhaps, was his very language—and I
rejoiced in the hope that, from ail this confusion
and tumult, this bitterness in Congress and out
of Congress, in Kansas and everywhere else, a
path of deliverance had been discovered, and that
we could-all agree, at last, upon terms of fair and
honorable adjustment. That Senator has not
assigned an excuse satisfactory, in my judgment,
for since voting against the bill.
If any reason, worthy to be called such, had
been alleged for his motion to strike out the 4th
of July, 1856, and insert a later period, I should
have voted in favor of it. But, sir, what was the
pretext alleged ? Merely, that he had no confi-
, dence in the President of the.United States. Did
the Senator expect those of us who voted for
Franklin Pierce to unite in a condemnation so
broad and unqualified ? The very pretext was
an insult to us.
Tliis question, then, is not to be settled; that
is the notice which we have received. Its settle-
ment is to be postponed until after the presiden-
tial election. And wherefore ?
At the commencement of the session, you will
recollect, the Senator from New York [Mr.
Spward] proclaimed that Kansas stood at our
door knocking for admission; and he demanded
whether the Senate would drive her away from
this place of refuge—would coldly drive her back
to anarchy and bloodshed ? That inquiry was
propounded time and again. Kansas, it was said,
is ready to rush into your arms; will you receive
her ? For if you receive her—it was also said—
everything will be well. Now, Mr. President,
| we have agreed to receive her; we have opened
\ the doors of the Senate Chamber; we have
invited her to present us a constitution adopted
by her people, and take her place in the Union
as a State. But, sir, how quickly has the tune
changed ? These gentlemen now tell us that
Kansas does not wish to be admitted as a State
for twelve or eighteen months. .
What other amendments were proposed by
Senators of the Opposition? Two only of mate-
rial consequence; and the first of these was a rec-
I ognition of the Topeka constitution. Well, sir,
1 say of that constitution, *as I said before, it
never was adopted by the people of Kansas, ac-
cording to its own requirements. I do not need
any other answer; this alone is conclusive. The
constitution required, in terms, that it Should be
submitted to a vote of the qualified electors, and
be ratified by them. It never was so ratified; it
did not receive the votes of the free-State parti-
- sans; it received no votes of any consequence.
It is not, therefore, the voice of the people; it is
not even the voice of the free-State partisans; it
is only the voice of a handful of men (we know
not whom) assembled in various precincts—for
! in many precincts no votes at all were received—
J assembled under the sanction of no law, and
with no tests, of any sort, whereby to ascertain
the qualification of those who voted. We are
, asked to impose this constitution, thus promul-
gated at a time when the population did not ex-
. ceed twenty-five thousand, on a people which
now numbers (if the Senator from Massachusetts
is to be believed) some sixty thousand. Sir, lam
ready to argue the cause on that issue. Senators
need not imagine there is any sentiment of fear
in my bosom as to the verdict of the American
people when a proposition so monstrous shall
have been fairly exposed.
I What else was offered in the way of amend-
ment? Why, sir, at the last hour, with a vain
: hope—vain, indeed, it proved—that some further
j concession might satisfy Senators upon the other
! side, I invited them to suggest additional safe-
1 guards. It had been alleged, in the course of the
• discussion, that the 4th day of July, 1856, was
not a fair date by which to ascertain the residence
of voters, because a large number of the'free-State
partisans had been driven out of the Territory.
This, certainly, fa an exaggeration. How many
actual settlers have been driven out? I do not
speak ofthe numberofmen lately sentthither, who
may have been prevented from entering the Terri-
