866
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affair*—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
tory. I ask how many actual settlers have been
driven out? A thousand? Where are they? Are
they in your State ? Are they in Illinois. 1 know
they are not in Ohio. Where, then, upon the
face of the earth, will you find this vast concourse
of sufferers ? Sir, this exaggeration is too bold—
too apparent. Those who have been driven out,
if any, are few in number. But, to avoid even
this objection, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] added a clause to the bill, under which
all who have left the Territory through fear, or
in consequence of any ill usage, are allowed to
return, to register their names, and to vote. The
commissioners will be in session, for this pur-
Eose, three or four months. What more could
e asked ?
But, it is said, you do not protect these per-
sons in returning, and after they shall have re-
turned. What protection do they desire ? One
Senator alleges that a line of sentinels has been
stationed upm the western border of Missouri, to
prevent free-State men from entering Kansas
through that State. Well, sir, suppose this to
be true—I do not know whether it is true or
false; I am rather inclined to believe it is false,
as the statement comes from a quarter whence
so many falsehoods have emanated;—but sup-
pose, 1 say, that it were true: what power has
Congress over the State of Missouri? What
can we do with any such sentinels ? What re-
lief can we afford to the citizens of San Francisco,
in California, against the irresponsible, despotic,
armed oligarchy which now enslaves them, and
threatens to subvert even their State government?
The question is not what would be the best !
remedy for all the grievances alleged, but what
is the best remedy within our power? There are ,
other routes into the Territory; they are not the I
most eligible ones, but they are complete, and are j
the only routes over which Congress can exer- i
cise the least control. What protection, then, is
requisite ? Let these men return by the way of
Iowa and Nebraska. This moment, I under-
, stand, Colonel Lane has an encampment in the
State of Iowa.
What is the nature of the protection which
Senators dett&nd. Must we send military offi-
cers to search for every persecuted free-State j
man, and assign him a body-guard during the
next four months? Is there no limit, Mr. Pres-
ident, to human absurdity i
We have invited these men to return, and
register their names as qualified voters. They
pretend to have been oppressed by certain laws,
and we have stricken those laws out of existence.
It is alleged that they have been prevented, by
violence, from approaching the polls: we station
the troops of the United States by the side of each
ballot-box to protect all voters from abuse or
molestation. And we have intrusted this elec-
tion to five commissioners, who shall be nom-
inated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate—commissioners who, as the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] was authorized to state,
wiH represent both parties. We have furnished,
therefore, every possible safeguard—more than
our opponents ever suggested, or even imagined.
Will it be, then, a fair election ? What more can
be asked ? What more can we provide ? I call
upon the Senate and the country to take notice
of the fact, that Senators upon the other side
have been invited again ana again to propose
any additional safeguards—and have been able to
propose none. At die last hour, almost, I renewed
the invitation. I asked them to suggest a pro-
vision (if they could) for the more effectual pro-
tection of the inhabitants, and especially those
who have been driven out.
Such, Mr. President, was my request; and how
was it answered ? I realized the wisdom of the
Scriptures. I asked for bread, and received a
stone—for a fish, and received only a serpent.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbcll] rose
to name his measure of pacification. We had
been told that Kansas was in a miserable condi-
tion—that men were slain, women were outraged,
and property was destroyed. What remedy did
the Senator propose for all these terrible evils ?
He proposed that even the faint vestiges of law
in the Territory should be expunged, and that
Cur domain given over to legitimized anarchy and
lawlessness. This, than, is the proposition of
Senators who have talked so much about peace
and justice—the utter abrogation of every law,
and the nullification of the power of every magis-
trate. All government thpre is to be at an end;
and the thousands of people, men, women, and
children, who have gone thither in the faith of
our protection, are suddenly to be outlawed by
the fiat of Congress, and exposed to the wanton
outrages of any individual. Let me tell the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and all his supporters, that 1
am prepared for an appeal to the country upon
that issue also. Indeed, sir, this is the whole
question to be decided; all else is of no conse-
quence. If it were ever so true that we had
abandoned some abstract doctrine, heretofore pro-
fessed, they could derive no justification from
the fact. They ought rather to congratulate us
upon a conversion so marvelous, and not assail
us with new phrases of abuse and vituperation.
It would be in better taste, even, to lift up their
sanctimonious eyes, like the Pharisee of old, and
thank God they are better than us publicans and
sinners, who stand afar off, and numbly smite
our breasts with remorse.
Sir, I will meet the question, whether we have
or have not departed from the acknowledged
principles of the Democratic party, but I will
not debate it with the Senator. It is a ques-
tion with which he has no concern. How
does it become his affair whether I regard the
doctrines of my party or not? If I do not regard
them, here or elsewhere, I shall be called to ac-
count by the constituted authorities of the party,
and tried and convicted in due form; but, with all
respect, I do not consider the Senator one of those
authorities. 1 do not care what he may have
been in times past. 1 find by the newspapers that
heattended a " Republican" convention not long
since, and approved the nomination of Messrs.
Frfimont ana Dayton.
In my judgment, however, the pacification bill
violates no doctrine proposed or advocated by
the Democratic party heretofore. 1 believe that
I understand the doctrine of "popular sover-
eignty" quite well; and, so far as I do understand
it, there is nothing to restrain or abridge its full
operation in the bill which has received the sanc-
tion of the Senate.
The question presented upon this subject is,
whether the actual inhabitants of a Territory shall
decide the character of their local institutions, or
submit to the arbitrary decision of Congress ih
I that regard? Popular sovereignty and congres-
sional domination stand opposed to each other.
The Senator maintains that it is the right of Con-
gress to govern the Territories in all respects,
without reference to the will of their inhabitants.
I deny both the righfulness and expediency of
such legislation. I have held this faith ever since
I nad a vote, and expect to continue in the faith.
Popular sovereignty is not a new idea; nor
was its application to the case of our Territories
first suggested by the venerable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] although I acknowledge
that he first expressed it in a definite and consist-
ent form. It was suggested by Jefferson at the
time of the Missouri compromise; and that will
appear from several of his letters, those especially
which he addressed to President Monroe. Jeffer-
son denied the power of Congress in this regard;
and he prophesied of the Missouri compromise
exactly what has since come to pass.
j The same views were entertained by Madison,
' Monroe, Jackson, and Calhoun; but it was re-
| ! served for the venerable Senator from Michigan
| to proclaim the doctrine of popular sovereignty
i in that definite form in which it was accepted by
II the Democratic party eight years ago. He was
I nominated for the Presidency upon that platform.
! General Taylor came into office withou t having
; announced any opinions on this subject. He
was represented by his friends at the North as
l; a staunch " Wilmot proviso" man, and at the
! South as exactly the opposite. All parties, there-
'] fore, felt great anxiety to learn what course he
| would pursue. But whatever his own opinions,
|! or the professions of his friends, General Taylor
found himself compelled to adopt the doctrine
which had been professed by General Cass—the
doctrine of congressional non-intervention and
popular sovereignty—and during the brief period
of his administration he endeavored to maintain
that doctrine, so far as he could by executive
influence, in reference to California, New Mex-
ico, and Utah.
The administration of Mr. Fillmore came next,
and with it the great adjustment of 1850. What
; was the principle of that adjustment? It was,
j that all our Territories, when they came to be
admitted as States, should be received with sla-
! very, or without slavery, as the people might de-
cide, and not as Congress might decide. What
I is now the doctrine of our opponents? I do not
j presume to declare what it may be in Illinois,
but I know what it is in Ohio. I need not go
beyond the resolutions presented here, at this
session, from the Republican majority of the
Legislature. 1 need not give my recollcc.tion of
any man's speeches, nor appeal to any obsolete
Elatform. Ihe resolutions are here, and have
een printed by order of the Senate. They de-
clare that no slaveholding State shall be received
into the Union, henceforth, in any circumstances,
or upon any pretext. If that does not contra-
dict, directly, the compromise of 1850, I confess
myself unable to understand the force of the
English language.
The issue, therefore, is whether Congress or
the people shall decide upon the institutions of a
new State. There are some Senators belonging
| to the Democratic party who stop at that point,
j I believe the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benja-
I min] does; and, at all events, the Senator from
; Mississippi [Mr. Brown] and the Senator from
i Georgia [Mr. ToombsJ do. I do not. They
hold that the Constitution of the United States
. restrains the people of the Territories from ex-
| eluding slavery, by law, during the period of the
\ territorial government. I do not so understand
■ the Constitution. I agree with them, however,
; in this: If the Constitution has restrained thepeo-
i pie, as alleged, let them be restrained! Wnat-
! ever the Constitution provides in this particular,
. by that I will stand. 1 desire no better law than
' the Constitution;and God knows that 1 advocate
no " higher law" for the government of our po-
litical relations.
This question being a mere question of con-
struction, a question as to the powers conferred
in the Federal Constitution, we have agreed that
it shall be referred to the judicial authorities for
determination; and, both as a Senator and a citi-
zen,! mean to be bound by whatever the judicial
authorities decide in that respect. At present,
however; and until the decision, I will entertain,
and, if necessary, defend my own opinion. Find-
ing no such restraint in the Constitution as Sen-
ators have alleged, I believe that, under the terms
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, each Territorial
Legislature may prohibit or admit slavery at will
—not as a permanent decision, to be sure, but
during the territorial period, or until otherwise
: lawfully provided.
This question, however, is not involved in the
pacification bill. We are not debating what shall
be the condition of affairs in Kansas during a
territorial form of government; and hence the
utter inappropriateness of two amendments pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
' bull,] against which I voted. We are now
looking to the admission of Kansas as a State
: into the Union; and upon that issue the Demo-
; cratic Senators, North and South, East and
I West, all agree. We agree, sir, that if the
! actual inhabitants of Kansas do now, fairly, and
in a legitimate mode, exclude slavery, or estab-
! lish it, by an organic act, their exclusion or estab-
lishment—I carenot which—shall be decisive and
ultimate. This, in my judgment, is not a favor
conferred on the inhabitants. They have a
to decide the issue; and I will maintain their
' right in all places, and at all times, evenas against
i the supposed sanctity of a hundred Missouri com-
II The pacification bill which the Senate has
■ adopted, so far as 1 am able to judge ° a PC""
visions, is eminently just toward all^parties. its
| object is to secure a fair election. an7
; ment can be suggested to perfect this design, or
more certainly to prevent violence, to prevent
h irregularities, to prevent fraud, to assure each
j1 citizen of the Territory in the free exerciselof
h his right of suffrage, I hope that it will be Mo-
ll posed by the House of Representatives; and, for
