18964
J^PKNQEX. TO THE CQNppESSlOIIAJL. GLOBtf.
871
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
years, the leaders of the party that met the other J
any Hi Philadelphia, and nominated John C. Fre- |
mont for the presidency, have not only been Strug- .
gling to remove this landmark, but to prohibit |
slavery everywhere. The only portion of that |
country open for the South was south of 3(3° 30', ]
and yet they cart\e here and voted to prohibit |
slavery in every Territory of the United States, •
south of the line or north of it, and then they com- 1
plain of us for removing landmarks! These hyp-
ocritical miscreants pretend that this landmark
binds but one side; it does not bind them, but
does us. It is sacrilege in us to touch this sacred
landmark; it is duty in them to appropriate every
inch south as well as north. They have voted
to do it for ten years. They have been sailing
under a flag declaring that they would prohibit
slavery south or 360 30'. Can there be any base-
ness beyond this in men or in parties? They
stand before the nation to-day with a banner, on
which is inscribed, " Prohibition of slavery in
every Territory;" and then they turn round to
honest men, and talk about removing the land-
mark. They voted against it from 1820 down to
this hour. The Senator from New Hampshire
has voted and spoken against it for more than ten
years, and now he quotes Scripture to us about
removing landmarks. Shakspeare makes Richard
the Third do the same thing, with this difference:
this prince of hypocrites confesses his hypocrisy
while his imitators try to conceal theirs:
" But then I sigh, and. with a piece of Scripture,
Tell them—that God bids us do good for evil;
And thus I clothe my naked villainy
With okl odd-ends, stol'u forth of Holy Writ,
And seem a saint, when most I play the devil."
That is the sense in which Scripture is quoted
to deceive the weak—to arouse bad feeling in the
country. Men, neither fearing God nor regard-
ing man, appeal to better and more virtuous peo-
ple, in order to divert them from duty, to arouse
their passions, to make them put their parricidal
hands upon the very altars of public liberty; to
drive them to rebellion, or, what is infinitely
worse, drive them to injustice. These pious im-
postors keep at a safe distance from the disorders
they foment. They do not go to Kansas, but
stand in their pulpits, and say to the people, "Go,
take these rifles; if you kill anybody, it is self-
defense; if anybody kills you, it is murder. The
Lord be with you; but, hark ye!—trust in God,
but keep your powder dry! Thus even rob-
bing the Senator of one of his most felicitous
quotations from Cromwell's address to his sol-
diers: " Trust in God, but keep your powder
dry."
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
in 1820 the South demanded of the North what
she ought not to have granted. The transactions
of those days are matters of history. Nobody
need misunderstand them unless he wishes to do
so. The South demanded nothing of the North
at that or any other time. The South has never
demanded legislation from this Congress. In
1820 Missouri sought admission into the Union
on a principle that but few men will stand on this
floor and say was wrong. People had gone into
that Territory without a prohibition. They had
carried with them their flocks, and their herds,
and their slaves. When Missouri had sufficient
population to come into the Union, she applied
for admission, as many otiwr States had done
before, and as Maine did do at the same time.
This was all the case—all the demand. Rufus
King, and a majority of the whole North, said,
"You shall not come in unless you abolish sla-
very." The South made no demand, and the
Senator from New Hampshire ought to know it.
That was the whole controversy. The country
was convulsed by it. The majority of the north-
ern States said that Missouri should not come in
without an abolition of slavery. She would not
abolish it. The demand, then, was on the part
of the North. Their demand was that there
should be no more slave States. It was made by
Rufus King, and his party, in the Congress of
the United States. The South made no objection
to Maine. She said, "Admit both." They have
made constitutions—republican constitutions—to
suit themselves—one tolerating, the other ex-
cluding, slavery. The Soulhsaid, unanimously,
"Let them, both eome jm; this is their affair, not
ours." The North said, "No; no more slave i
States." !
It was not a territorial question; it was not pre-
sented as a territorial question. The compromise
introduced by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, was to
admit Missouri into, the Union, and apply the j
prohibition of slavery to the territory north of j
36° 30'. This was sustained by a large majority
of the South, and a few of the North. I have !
heard the Senator from New Hampshire recount
that well-known historical fact as eloquently as
he talks now, that those northern men were hurled
from power by the people; and even those sacred
boundary settlers were destroyed by those for
whose benefit it is now claimed the boundary wag
established.
Mr. GEYER. Allow me to remind the Sen-
ator of one fact in this connection. The eighth
section of the Missouri act was not a condition
upon the admission of Missouri; it was an inde-
pendent proposition; and if Missouri had refused
to form a constitution, and come into the Union,
that provision would have stood. It was not a
compromise, one part depending on the other;
they were independent provisions.
Mr. TOOMBS. Again, I repeat, the South
made no demand. This territorial prohibition
was there against the will of the North, and
against the will of the South. It was substituted
for the prohibition in Missouri, against the will
of both sections notoriously. The South opposed
it, but she voted for it as a substitute for a pro-
hibition in Missouri. The majority of the North
who followed King opposed it because they main-
tained the doctrine of no more slave States. I
say, therefore, it did not receive the approbation
of either section of the Union. To sum up the
whole matter, the " head and front of our offend-
ing hath this extent—no more." We have put the
Territory of Kansas exactly where it was when
we bought it from France; exactly where Jeffer-
son put it by his territorial laws; exactly where
it was until 1820; exactly where Arkansas had
been; where Louisiana had been; where New
Mexico was; where Utah was, precisely as the
Senator from New Hampshire has stated, where
every State in the Union was, so far as the ques-
tion of slavery is concerned. We agreed to give
the people there the whole extent of our powers
under tne Constitution; and what has been the
result? We applied the same principle at the
same time to Nebraska, and there all has been
Seace and quiet. I say,then,the principle did not
ringall these disturbances. What did it ? These
Sharpe's rifles, these sermons, these frantic ex-
hortations and aid societies of the—shall I call
them Black Republicans ? Do gentlemen object
to that term ?
Mr. WADE. No; go ahead. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a .mere matter of
taste.
Mr. TOOMBS. Republicans will not do. Red
Republicans, I believe, would describe some of
the party; but Black Republicans covers the
whole, and therefore it is a necessary designation.
If you mean to take the name of Republicans as
understood by Mr. Madison and Mr. Jefferson,
you are assuming an alias to which you are not
entitled; and when a man assumes an alias, any-
body has a right to expose him, especially to
prevent his imposing upon honest people.
You determined that you would have disturb-
ances, and you sent rifles Jthere. That is your
evidence. I will give you "mine. I do not give
it from ex parte testimony; I do not give it from
one-sided statements. I say that Governor
Reeder, whose integrity and fidelity to their in-
terests are indorsed by the anti-slavery party and
by theTopeka convention, said thatsixteen of the
elections of the members of the Legislature were
valid from the returns. He said that a large
majority were elected fairly and unconteatedly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did he say that, or that
there was no evidence before him to the con-
trary?
Mr. TOOMBS. He gave the certificate of
election—of a fair election, to a majority of the
Legislature. Their seats were not even contested.
That is the authority under which we hold our
seats here. The members of the Legislature of j
Kansas held their seats under the certificate of
the. Governor, as the Senator holds his Beat hers, I
and as I held mine. He was admitted to his seat
here on that prima fiteie evidence. These men
held their seats by the same tenure. Governor
Reeder never found out that there was an inva-
sion until the Legislature removed from his
town. The election took place in March. Here
was a Territory of three or four thousand voters
conquered, subdued, trampled under foot, by
border ruffians, it is alleged, and yet Reeder did
not find it out, nor dill the people, until next
August—five months afterwards.
The Legislature met in July and passed their
laws. Some of the anti-slavery men claimed
seats iti the Legislature in July, and they went
there forgetting all about the invasion. The
nine men who were elected by the free-State
party, wished to sit with the members of this
'• border ruffian" Legislature, and remained there
until kicked out, ana then they disavowed there
had been an invasion! This invasion was an
invention, and it has grown larger, and will con-
inue to grow until after the presidential election.
You will find it in the report of the committee
of the House—a committee for the manufacture
and transmission of horrors for the freebooters.
They have done a thriving business at it. They
have got plenty of Free-Soil evidence. It is true,
it was a little blown. They thought it would do
till after the election, with their indorsement.
It would then become official. The committee
seem not to have been satisfied with what they
got in Kansas, and in the presence of their col-
league. They thought they might do better by
themselves, and therefore continued their travels
in search of what they wanted; and sat at De-
troit, Chicago, Cleveland, Buffalo, and New York,
and wherever they could pick up anybody by
the wayside who would answer their purposes.
The character of the testimony I do not know.
The action of these people I do know only from
their colleague, and so far as it is a matter of
public notoriety.
The Free-Soilers daily, hourly, and constantly,
denounced as ruffians, cowards, and assassins, the
supporters of the legitimate and lawful govern-
' ment of Kansas. I know some of them whom
I gentlemen here would not denounce to their faces,
or anywhere else where they were not protected
by privilege. I undertake to say that there is
not a man in the Senate who would do it.
J Mr. WADE. Are they superior to oilier peo-
, pie ?
| Mr. TOOMBS. They claim no superiority
pver any gentleman ; but they claim to be ready
to defend their honor whenever assailed. They
treat other men fairly and justly, and they demand
fair and just and honorable treatment for them-
selves. This is all they ask. They claim no
superiority over any honest man, or sSiy just
man, but they do over persons that would tra-
duce men behind their backs—the cowardly as-
sassins of character, who will say, as Senators,
what they dare not maintain as gentlemen. They
are (much the greater number) bold, high-spirited,
honorable men; they went to Kansas to make it
their home; they desire to assimilate its institu-
tions to those or the States from whence they
came. All they ask is a fair and equal chance
with their fellow-citizens from other States of the
Union. They ask for no favors; they want a fair
and equal chance.
Mr. President and Senators, I tell you they
intend to have it. Their claim is just. It com-
mends itself to every just man, North and South.
They are there now, and there is but one way
to get them out, and that is by the ballot-box.
By that test they have agreed to stand. When
you say that we intend to make Kansas a slave
State, by the aid of the Federal Government, you
say what every man of us has stated is not true,
and what is known to everybody not to be true.
We said we Would leave the people free to act for
themselves, and if they made it a slave State, I
should demand its admission as such; and if they
made it free, I should stand by them. The Kan-
sas bill meant nothing else. No man who sup-
ported it, whether from the North or the South,
has ever said that it meant anything else. Some
Senators, however, will not understand it. The
object was plainly avowed to all the people. We
said, " We away this restriction which some
think unconstitutional, and ethers unjust, and
