1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Damrell.
Ho. of Reps.
rebuke o( this assault upon a Senator, to say
emphatically we are and mean to be, freemen.
And, then, sir, is it nothing that the Christian
civilization of the age should be so trampled upon?
"Where do we live—in what age of the world—
in what country, that the barbarism of bv-gone
days should so boldly show its front, ana glory
in its bloody deeds? Ah, sir, we read in this a
new proof of the corrupting, barbarizing influence
of slavery. Its tendency is backward and down-
ward. It has no sympathy with.a progressive
civilization.
Confirmed in my belief in the doctrine of total
depravity, by scenes of outrage connected with
the Government and the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
and the debate of the last few days in this Hall,
wherein the other side of the House have, with
great unanimity , fully and frankly advocated and
defended the " liberty of the cudgel" as an anti-
dote for the " liberty of speech," I fear, if this out-
rage be not signally rebuked, that evil communi
cations will corrupt our proverbial good manners,
and representatives from the North may, when
attacked, demonstrate their ability to use the
bludgeon, the knife, and the revolver. We owe it,
sir, to our honor as a nation, that we bleach out
the disgrace which has been put upon us in the
eyes of the whole civilized world. We owe it to
the enslaved and oppressed of all lands, who,
in their sufferings and struggles for freedom, look
hopefully to our example. Well may we hang
our heads for very shame, if this outrage pass
uncensured. And better, sure, were the estab-
lished and orderly tyranny of one man than the
lawless and capricious despotism of the many.
Let us, then, by our manly rebuke, cheer the
hearts of desponding patriots throughout the
world, by showing that Democracy and anarchy
are not synonymous.
If it be replied to all this, that the Senator from
Massachusetts indulged in offensive personalities,
and was not courteous in his speech, I would ask,
why was he not called to order at the time ? And
who, pray, constituted the member of this House
from South Carolina a judge of the manners and
morals of the Senate? Must Senators submit
their speeches to h im for correction before de-
livery? I think Charles Sumner, and many
others in that Chamber, and many more in this
Hall, will never submit to such censorship.
Granting that the late obnoxious speech was un-
parliamentary, (which I deny,) who had a right
to scourge or kill the Senator for words spoken
in debate ?
Sir, there are occasions when the gentleman
must be—not obliterated, but lost in the man—
when it is absurd to talk of a speech, or a deed,
as courteous or uncourteous—when higher con-
siderations than those of politeness must shape
the thought and language. For, when freedom
is assailed, humanity, justice, all the great and
guarantied interests of a free people, are at stake:
then words of fire will leap from the glowing
heart, as lightning from the bosom of the over-
charged cloud. To call the storm uncourteous,
which has swept majestically along, purifying the
air of its unwholesome elements, because, in its
progress, it prostrated the oak of the forest,
overturned the cottage of the peasant, or demol-
ished the carriage of the millionaire, is simply
ridiculous; and so, also, to apply that term to
the earnest thoughts of a great ana generous soul,
when it burns with indignation against wrong
and outrage. The pent-up lire must burst forth,
and woe to him who is in its path! When Nathan
went in to the Hebrew king, and, after relating
the parable of the rich man who stole the lamb
of the poor man's flock, said, " Thou art the
man!" would not the thought of courtesy or
court etiquette have been absurd? And haa the
cringing courtiers, to whom was reported the
scathing personality, declared that Nathan was
impolite, they would have made themselves con-
temptible. A great wrong was to be rebuked;
and it was no time to stickle for form or ceremony.
It is written—"Answer not a fool according to
his folly, lest thou be like him;" it is also writ-
ten—"Answer a fool according to his folly, lest
he be wise in his own conceit." Posterity will
vindicate the language of Mr. Sumner.
If it be said that the assault upon the Senator
was the act of a generous heart, indignant at an
imagined insult offered to an aged relative, my
reply is, that the field of debate was as open to
him as to the Senator. He was free to show, if
he could, that Mr. Sumner had spoken words of
falsehood or insult—to hold him up to the scorn
of an indignant country. By his resort to brute
force he showed the weakness of his cause, and
his inability to cope with the Massachusetts Sen-
ator on the high ground of free speech. Yes, sir,
his act of violence was a confession of weakness;
his use of a deadly weapon in his covert attack
on an unarmed man demonstrates his spirit. But,
sir, it was the bold denouncer of oppression and
outrage that was struck at; his hatred of slavery
was tne Itead and front of his offending.
• Mr. Speaker, slavery is not, I believe, an ex-
cepted subject of debate within these Halls. If
freedom is upheld, slavery must be denounced.
The question then comes back to this: Shall we
have liberty of speech, or shall we not?—liberty
to discuss any subject whatsoever that concerns
the public welfare, subject to no intimidation or
violence ? The South Carolina member has said,
by his acts, that the exercise of this constitutional
right, by northern men, is at the peril of their
lives. Let us, by our votes and voices, show that,
notwithstanding the compromises with slavery, we
have not wholly lost sight offreedom—that, with
the Greek tragedian, we believe "This is true liberty,
where free-born men, having to advise the public,
may sptakfree."
A great deal has been said in justification of
the attack on Mr. Sumner, on the ground of in-
sult offered Mr. Butler and South Carolina, but
no one has attempted to show that Senator Sum-
ner was the aggressor. Let us look at the lan-
guage of the Senator from South Carolina, ad-
dressed at various times, in debate, to the Senator
from Massachusetts, and place by its side Sen-
ator Sumner's allusions to him. Let us also
compare their allusions to the States represented
by each, and then we shall be better able to judge
who has been insulted.
For eight months after Mr. Sumner entered
the Senate of the United States he made no re-
marks calculated to disturb even the most sen-
sitive spirit in t^iat body. And with the excep-
tion of a short speech in favor of granting lands
for constructing railroads in the new States, and
another welcoming Kossuth to the United States,
he did not press his opinions upon the Senate.
Having been an attentive observer of men and
manners in that body for eight months, be intro-
duced, on the 38th July, 1852, a proposition to
repeal the Fugitive Slave Act, believing that act
to De not only a violation of the. Constitution, but
at war with the Hebrew law, Christianity, and
humanity. He rose and asked the Senate to
give him the privilege of making a speech. The
Senator from South Carolina objected to his
being heard, and asked Mr. Sumner tauntingly
if he wished to make an " oratorical display,''
and talked about his "playing the orator, —
playing "the part of a parliamentary rhetori-
cian}" and finally said he must oppose his speak-
ing because he would assail South Carolina.
Mr. Sumner replied that such was not his inten-
tion. But Senator Butler would not allow him
to " make the Senate the vehicle of communica-
tion for his speech throughout the United States,
to wash deeper and deeper the channel through
which flow the angry waters of agitation."
Here was the commencement of hostilities, and
I assert that the Senator from South Carolina
was the aggressor; for up to this moment Mr.
Sumner had not spoken in the Senate his opinions
on the peculiar institution, and expressly de-
clared at this time that he did not prbpose to
allude tQ South Carolina. In February, 1854,
Mr. Sumner made a speech on the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, commencing as follows: I
" I would not forget those amenities which belong to this j
place, and are so well calculated to temper the antagonism
of debate; nor can I cease to remember and to feel that,
amidst all diversities of opinion, we are the representatives i
of thirty-one sister Republics, knit together by indissoluble
ties, and constituting that plural unit which we all em-
brace by the endearing name of country."
This speech was continued and ended without a
word calculated to wound the feelings or ruffle the
temper of the most restive Senator. Soon after
this, Mr. Butler, in a lengthy speech, made use
of bitter and taunting words and phrases in
reference to Mr. Sumner and Massachusetts.
It is published in the Congressional Globe, pp.
232—240. In it Mr. Sumner is represented as
a " plunging agitator," "o rhetorical advocate."
Said Mr. Butler, " He [Mr. Sumner] has not,
in my judgment, spoken with the wisdom, the
judgment, and the responsibilities, of the states-
man." Again: "It seems to me, that if he wished
to write poetry he would get a negro to sit for
him." Again: he talks of "sickly sentiment-
ality governing the councils of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts." Again:
"At the time of the passage of the law in Massachusetts
abolishing slavery, pretty near all the grown negroes dis-
appeared somewhere; and, as the historian expresses it,
the little negroes were left there, without father or mother,
and with bardly a God; they were sent about as puppies,
to be taken by those who would feed them."
Alluding to a remark of Mfc. Sumner, he
says: " I think even common prudence, or common
decency, would have suggested to him that he
ought not to have made it." Again: "Our revo-
lutionary fathers thought nothing of these sickly
distinctions which gentlemen use now to make the
South odious." Again:
" They may furnish materials for what I understand is
a very popular novel—Uncle Tom's Cabin. 1 have no
doubt they may do this, but i put it to the gentleman, art
hU remarks true J"
This insolent language was utfered in the Sen-
ate. " They dealt some hard licks, but they are
not true as historical facts." Here Senator But-
ler raises a question of the veracity of Mr. Sum-
ner on the floor of the Senate. Then there are
insinuations of' 'pseudo-philanthropy''—'«mere elo-
quence; professions of philanthropy; a philan-
thropy of adoption more than affection;" "a
philanthropy that professes much and does noth-
ing—with a long advertisement and short per-
formance. " Then we have insinuations against
Mr. Sumner and his friends, as " those who stand
aloof and hold up an ideal standard of morality,
emblazoned by imagination, and sustained in
ignorance, or perhaps more often planted by criminal
ambition and heartless hypocrisy." "Criminal ambi-
tion and heartless hypocrisy," are terms used by
the Senator from South Carolina, and applied to
Senators and their friends who agree in condemn-
ing slavery. Referring to people who hold opin-
ions in common with Mr. Sumner, he talks of a
'' machine oiled by northern fanaticism." He calls
Massachusetts an " anti-nigger State," and says
that " when she had to deal with these classes of
persons practically, her philanthropy became very
much attenuated, and that" she treated her little
niters as puppies.
hese allusions were made by the Senator from
South Carolina, in reply to a speech containing
no personal assault upon him or his State. Mr.
Sumner made no reply to these personalities.
On the 14th of March, 1854, while the remon-
strance of three thousand clergymen of Massa-
chusetts against the passage of the Nebraska
bill was before the Senate, Mr. Butler declared
, " they deserved the grave censure of the Senate," '
j and " ventured to say they never sate the memorial
\ they sent." Here is the reply of Mr. Sumner:
i " There are men in the Senate justly eminent for elo-
: quence, learning, and ability; but there is no man here
{ competent, except in his own conceit, to sit in judgment
S on the clergy of New England. Honorable Senators who
have been so swift with criticism and sarcasm might profit
by their example. Perhaps the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] who is not insensible to scholarship, .
might learn from them something of its graces. Perhaps the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who finds no sanc-
tion under the Constitution for any remonstrance from
clergymen, might leam from them something of the privi-
leges of an American citizen. Perhaps the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] who precipitated this odious
measure upon the country, might leant from them some-
thing of political wisdom."
On the 26th of June, 1854, Senator Rockwell, of
Massachusetts, presented a memorial from four
I thousand citizens of Boston, asking for the itnme-
I diate repeal of the fugitive slave act. It was
| attacked with virulence. Mr. Sumner supported
I it. The Senator from South Carolina followed,
characterizing the speech of Mr. Sumner as " a
J species of rhetoric, which is intended to feed the
| fires of fanaticism which he has helped to kindle
i in his own State—a species of rhetoric which
is not becoming the gravity of this body."
Referring to Mr. Sumner, he says:
"When gentlemen rise and fltgrantlv misrepresent
history, as that gentleman has doue, by a Fourth of July
