874
JiPPERDDL TO THE CQftORESSIGNAL &LQBE.
[Jtrtjr 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Damrell.
Ho. of Reps.
oration- by vapid rhaloric—by s-opecies of rhetoric which, I
am sorry to. say, oMgbt aot to come from a scholar-* rhet-
oric with more fine color than real strength—X become im-
patient under it."
Again:
" [ do not want any of these flaming speeches here—
calculated to excite, merely—to feed a flame without pee-
ing where it shall extend. No, sir; do not let us involve
tlie country in aconiest.to be decided by mobs, infuriated
by the fiaming speeches of servile orators."
Mr. Sumner replied to this bitter, unparalleled
attack,in a triumphant speech, severe, though in
perfect taste and with parliamentary propriety,
quoting, as authority to sustain his constitutional
views, Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson.
He thus alludes to Senator Butler:
" It is he, then, w|io is the offender. For myself, sir, I
understand the sensibilities of Senators from slaveholdmg
communities, and jyould not wound them by a superfluous
word. Of slaver^ I speak strongly, as I must; but thus
far, even at the expense of my argument, I have avoided
the contrasts, founded on details ol figitrea and fa^ts, which
nre so obvious between the freft State* .and ' slavebolding
communities;' espeeinJIy have I shunned all allusion to
South Carolina. But the venerable Senator, to whose dis-
cretion that State ha  intrusted its interests here, will not
allow me to be still. God forbid that I should do injustice
to .South Carolina."
The Senatorfrom South Carolinareplied, charg-
ing that the speech of Mr. Sumner "was unfair
in statements,".that he was "guilty of historical
perversion," and with "historical falsehood, ~which
the gentleman has committed in the fallacy of his
sectional vision."
Again, alluding to Mr. Sumner:
"I know, sir, he said the other day that all lie said was
the effusion of an impulsive heart; but it was the effusion
of his drawer. Talk to me about the effusion of the heart!
What kind of effusions are those which escape from ta-
ble*—from papers —played like cards sorted lor the pur-
pose? Tliey are weapons prepared by contribution, and
discharged in this body, with a view of (gratifying the feel-
ings of resentment and malice—with a view of wounding
the pride of (lie State which I represent, and .through be r
to  tab the. regulation of the other southern States. StU,
sir, we are above the dangers of open corahai, and can not
be hurt by the asmlifts even of attempted assassination."
On the 23d of February, 1855, Mr. Sumner
made some remarks in support of an amend-
ment (providing for the repeal of thefugitive slave
act) offered by him to a bill presented by Sena-
tor Toucey, of Connecticut. The Senator from
South Carolina interrupted him, saying: " I would
ask him one question, which he perhaps will npt
answer honestly.'' After putting several questions
and receiving-prompt and courteous answers, he
alluded to Mr. Sumner, and said: " I know he is
not a tactician, and I shall not take advantage of
the infirmity of a man who does not know half
his time exactly what he is about."
On the 19th and 20th of May, 1856,. Mr. Sum-
ner made his great speech, " The Crimt against
Kansas." In this speech it is asserted Mr. Sum-
mer insulted and hbeled Senator Butler and
South Carolina. I shall quote the obnoxious pas-
sages, asking a careful comparison of Senator
Summer's allusions to South Carolina and her
Senator, with the preceding quotations from Sen- .
,ator Butler, referring to Massachusetts and her [
distinguished Senator. i
After a brief introduction, Mr. Sumner alluded
to Senators Butler and Douglas as follows:
I' Before entering upon the argument, I must say some-
thing of a general character, particularly in response to
what has fallen from Senators wbo have raised tbem-
aelves to eminence on this floor in championship of human
wrongs; I mean the Senatorfrom South Carolina, [Mr.
BctlkRjJ and the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. DouoLiS,]
who, though unlike as Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, ■
yet, like tins couple, sally forth together in the same ad- i
venture. 1 regret much to miss the elder Senator from his '
■seat; but the cause, against which he has run a tilt with
such activity of animosity, demands that the opportunity of
exposing turn should not belost; aad it is for the cause that
J speak. I he Senator from Soutb Carolina has read many
books ot chivalry and believes himself a chivalrous knight,
vvith sentiments of honor and courage. Of course he has
chosen a mistress to whom he has made his vows, and who,
though ugly to others, is always lovely to him; though pol-
luted in the sight of the world, is chaste in hi* sight—I
inean the harlot, slavery. For her, his tongue is always
profuse in words. Let her be impeached in character, or
any proposition made to shut her out from the extension of
her wantonness, and no extravagance of manner or hardi-
hood of assertion is then too great for this Senator. The
frenzy of Don Quixote, in behalf of his wench Dulcinea i
del Toboso, is all surpassed. The asserted rights of slavery 1
which shock equality of all kinds, are cloaked by a fantastic
claim of equality. If the slave States cannot enjoy what,
in mockery of the great fathers of the Republic, be mis?
names equality under the Constitution—in other words, the
full power in the national Territories tocompel fellow-men
to unpaid toil, to <jepant  husband and wife, and to aetl
little children at the auction block—then, sir, the chivalric
Senator will conduct the State of South Carolina out of the
Union! Heroic knight! Exalted Senator! A second
Moses come for a second exodus!
" But not content with this poor menace, which we have
keen twice told was ' measured,' the Senator, in the un-
restrained chivalry of his nature, has undertaken to apply
opprobious words to those who differ from him on this floor.
He calls them ' sectional and fanaticaland opposition
to the usurpation in Kansas, he denounces as ' an unoal-
culating fanaticism.' To be sure, .these charges lack all
grace of.originolity, and all sentiment of truth ; but the ad-
venturous Senator does not hesitate. He is the uncompro-
mising, unblushing representative on this floor of a flagrant
sectionalism, which now domineers over the Republic, and
yet, with a ludicrous ignorance of his own^positioo—unable
to see himself as others see hiin—or with an effrontery
which even his white head ought not to protect from re-
buke, he applies to those here who resist his sectionalism
the very epithet which designates himself. The men who
strive to bring back the Government to its original policy,
when freedom and not slavery was national, while slavery
and not freedom was sectional, he arraigns as sectional.
This will not do. It involves too great a perversion of
terms. I tell that Senator, that it is to himself, and to the
' organization' of which he is the ' committed advocate,'
that this epithet belongs. I now fasten it upon tliem. For
myself I care little for names; but since the question has
been raised here, I affirm that the Republican party of the
Union is in no just sense sectional, but, more than any
other party, national; and that it now goes forth to dislodge
from the high places of the Government the tyrannical sec-
tionalism of which the Senator from South Carolina is one
of the maddest zealots.
"To the charge of fanaticism i also reply. Sir, fanaticism
is found in an enthusiasm or exaggeration of opinion, par-
ticularly on religious subjects; but there may be a fanaticism
for evil as well as for good. Now, I will not deny that there
are persons among us loving liberty too well for their per-
sonal good, in a selfish generation. Such there may be,
and, for tile sake of their example, would that there were
more ! In calling them ' fanatics,' you cast contumely
upon the. noble army of martyrs from the earliest day down
4o this hour; upon the great tribunes of human rights, by
whom life, liberty, and happiness, on earth, have been
secured; upon the long line of devoted patriots, who,
throughout history, have truly loved their country; and
upon all, who, in noble aspirations for the general good,
and in forgetfulness of self, have stood out before their age,
AQd gathered into their generous bosoms the shafts of
tyranny and wroijg, in order to make a pathway for truth.
You discredit Luther, when aloile he nailed his articles to
the door of the church at Wittenberg, and then, to the im-
rrial demand that he should retract, firmly replied, ' Here
stand; 1 cannot do otherwise, so help me God!' You
discredit Hampden, when alone he refused to pay the few
Shillings of ship-money, and shook the throne of Charles t.;
you discredit Milton, when, amidst the corruptions of a
heartless, court, be lived on, the lofty friend of liberty,
above question or suspicion; you disci edit Russell and
Sidney, when, for the sake of their country, they calmly
turned from family and friends, to tread the narrow steps
of the scaffold; you discredit those early founders of Amer-
ican institutions, who preferred the hardships of a wilder-
ness, surrounded by a savage foe, to injustice on beds of
ease; you discredit our later fathers, who, few in numbers
and weak in resources, yet strong in their cause, did not
hesitate to brave the mighty power of England, already
encircling the globe with her moruiog drum-beats. Yes,
sir, of such are the fanatics of history, according to the
Senator. But I tell that Senator, that there are characters
badly eminent, of whose fanaticism there can be no ques-
tion. Such were the ancient Egyptians, who worshipped
divinities in brutish forms; the th'ilids, who darkened the
forests of oak, in which they lived, by .sacrifices of blood;
the Mexicans, who surrendered countless victims to the
propitiation of their obscene idols; the Spaniards, who,
under Alva, sought to force the Inquisition upon Holland,
by a tyranny kindred to that npw employed to force slavery
upon Kansas; and such were the Algerines, when, in sol-
emn conclave, after listening to a speech not unlike that
of the Senator from South Carolina, they resolved to con-
tinue the slavery of white C|i ristians, and to extend it to the
countrymen of,Washington ? Ay, sir, extend it! And in
this same dreary catalogue faithful history must record all
who now, in an enlightened age and in a land of boasted
freedom, stand up, in perversion of the Constitution and in
denial of immortal truth, to fasten a new shackle upon their
fellow-man. If the Senator wishes to see fanatics let him
look round among his own associates; let him look at him-
self.
" But I have not done with the Senator. There is another
matter regarded by him of such consequence, that he inter-
polated it into the speech of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] and also announced that he had pre-
pared himself with it, to take in his pocket all the way to
Boston, when he expe^ed to address the people of that
community. On thin pccount, and for the sake of truth, I
stop for one moment, and tread it to the earth. The North,
according to the Senator, was engaged in the (lave trade,
and helped to introduce slaves into the southern States;
and this undeniable fact he proposed to establish by sta-
tistics, in stating which his errors surpassed his sentences
in number. But I let these pass for the present, that f may
deal with his argument. Pray, sir, is the acknowledged
turpitude of a departed generation to become an example
for us ? And yet the suggestion of the Senator, if entitled
to any consideration in this discussion, must have this ex-
tent. I join my friend from New Hampshire in thanking
the Senator from South Carolina for adducing this instance;
for it gives me an opportunity to say, that the northern
merchants, with homes in Boston, Bristol, Newport, New
York, and Philadelphia, who catered for slavery during the
years of the slave trade, are the lineal progenitors of the
northern men, with homes in these places, who lend them-
*•!**• to iUwcj in our day; and especially that all,
whether north or south, who take part, directly or indi-
rectly, nj the ctmspiracy againri Kan>as, do but continue
the work of the slave-traders, which you condi-nm. It i«
true, too true, alas! that our fathers were engaged in tins
traffic; but that is no apology for it. And in repelling the
authority of tins example, I repel al o the true argument
founded on the earlier example of England. It i.-1 true that
our mother country, at the peace of Utrecht, extorted from
Spain the Assiento contract, securing the monopoly of the
slave trade with the Spanish Colonies, as the whole price
of all the blood of great victories; that she higgled at Au-
la-Cliapelle for another lease of this exclusive traffic ; and
again, at the treaty of Madrid, clung to the wretched piracy.
It is true, that in this spirit the power of the mother coun-
try was prostituted to the same base ends in her American
Colonies, against indignant protests from our fathers. All
these things now rise up in judgment against her. Let us
not follow the Senator froin South Carolina to do the very
evil to-day, whicb in another generation we condemn.
"As the Senator from South Carolina is the Don Uuixote,
the Senator from Illinois [Mr DocGLiS] is the squire of
slavery, its very Sancho Panza, ready to do all its humili-
ating offices. This Senator, in his labored address, vindi-
cating his labored report—piling one mass of elaborate error
upon another mass—constrained himself, as you will re-
member, to unfamiliar decencies of speech. Of that address
I have nothing to say at this moment, though before I sit
down I shall show something of its fallacies. But I go back
now to an earlier occasion, when, true to his native iro-
i pulses, he threw into this discussion,' for a charm of pow-
1 erful trouble,' personalities most discreditable to this body.
i will not stop to repel the imputations which he cast upon
myself; but I mention them to remind you of the ' swel-
tered venom sleeping got,' which, with other poisoned in-
gredients, he cast into the cauldron of this debate. Of other
things 1 speak. Standing on this floor, the Senator issued
his rescript, requiring submission to the usurped power of
Kansas; and this was accompanied by a manner—all his
own—such as befits the tyrannical threat. Very well. Let
the Senator try. I tell him now, that he cannot enforce any
such submission. The Senator, with the slave power at
his back, is strong; but he is not strong enough for this
purpose. He is bold. He shrinks from nothing. Like Dan-
ton, he may cry, 'L'cudace! VaudaLt! toujours Pandase!*
but even his audacity cannot compass this work. The
Senator copies the British officer who, with boastful swag-
ger, said that, with the hilt of his sword, he would cram the
' stamps' down the throats of the American people; and he
will meet a similar failure. He may convulse tins country
with civil feud. Like the ancient madman, he may set fire
to this temple of constitutional liberty, grander than Eplie-
sian dome; but he cannot enforce obedience to that tyran-
nical usurpation.
"The Senator dreams that he can subdue the North. He
disclaims the open threat, but his conduct still implies it.
How little that Senator knows himself, or the strength of
the cause which he persecutes! He is but a mortal man;
against him is an immortal principle. With fiiute power
' he wrestles with the infinite, and he must fall. Against
him are stronger battalions than any marshaled by mortal
arm—the inborn, ineradicable, invincible sentiments of the
human heart; against him is nature in all her subtile forces;
against him is God. Let him try to subdue these."
The following extract is from the argument
exposing the crime against Kansas:
" Mr. President, I mean to keep absolutely within the
limits of parliamentary propriety, i make no personal im-
putations ; but only with frankness, such as belongs to the
occasion and my own character, desenbe a great historical
act, which is now enrolled in the Capitol. Sir, the Ne-
braska bill was in every respect a swindle. It was a swin-
dle by the South of the North. It was, on the part of those
who had already completely enjoyed theirsliare of the Mis-
1 souri compromise, a swindle of those whose .share was yet
absolutely untouched ; and the plea of unconstitutionality
set up— like the plea of usury after the borrowed money has
been enjoyed—did not make it less a swindle. Urged as a
bill of peace, it was a swindle of the whole country. Urged
as opening the doors to slave-masters with their slaves, it
was a swindle of the asserted doctrine of popular sover-
eignty. Urged as sanctioning popular sovereignly, it was
a swindle of the asserted rights of slave-masters. It was a
swindle of a broad territory, thus cheated of protection
against slavery. It was a swindle of a great cause, early
espoused by Washington, Franklin, and Jefferson, sur-
rounded by the best fathers of the Republic. Sir, it was a
swindle of God-given inalienable rights. Turn it over;
look at it on all sides, and it is everywhere a swindle ; and.
if the word I now employ has not the authority of classical
usage, it has, on this occasion, the indubitable authority of
fitness. Noother word will adequately express the mingled
meanness and wickedness of the cheat.
A triumphant vindication of the emigrant aid
society closes as follows:
" God be praised! Massachusetts, honored Commam-
wealth that gives me the privilege to plead for Kansas 0«
this floor, knows her rights, and will maintain them firmly
to the end. This is not the first time in history that her
public acta have been arraigned, and that ber public awn
have been exposed to contumely. Thus was it when, in tM
olden time, she began the great battle whose fruits you all
enjoy. But never yet has she occupied a po«ition so i<*ty
as at this hour. By the intelligence of her population by
the resources of her industry—by her commerce, cleaving
every wave—by her manufactures, various as human skill
—by her institutions of education, various as human knowl-
edge-by her institutions of oenevolence, ™riou-as human
suffering—by the pages of her scholars and historians—by
the voices of her poets and orators, she is now exerting an
influence more subfile and commanding than ever belore—
shooting her far-darting rays wherever ignorance, wretched
ness or wron", prevails, and flashing light even upon those
trav«/far°to persecute her. Such is MsMachuseus; sod
I am proud to believe that you way as well atteewm
