1856.]
TO TSK OOHOWBSSOOWftiL GWWE.
875
34th Co?to....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
nunr arm.  topple down thr earth-rooted, heaven-kissing
•rrainre which frowns Uie historic sod of Bunker Hill, as to
chaw* her rited resolves hm- fracdoiB everywhere, and
espei'iall) now lor freedom in Kansas. i exult, too,tliatin
lhi< battle, which surpasses far in mortil grandeur the whole
war of the Revolution, she is able to preserve bet just emi-
nence. l'o the first she contributed I larger uuuiberof
troops than any oilier Slate in the Union, and larger titan
all the sUve States together; and new to the second, which
i~ mil of contending armies, but of contending opinions,on
whose issue hangs trembling the advancing civilisation of
Ui.s country, site contributes, through the manifold and end-
less intellectual activity of her children, more of that divine
spark by winch opinions are quickened into life, thun is
contributed by any other State, or by all the slave States
together, while her annual productive industry excels in
value three uuica the whole vaunted cotton cr p of the
whole South.  
" Sir, to men on earth it belongs only to deserve success,
not to secure it; and I know not how soon the efforts of
Massachusetts will wear the crown of triumph. But it ean-
oot be that she nets wrong for herself or children, when in
this cause she thus encounters reproach. No; by the gen-
erous souls who were exposed at Lexington; by those who
stood arrayed at Bunker Kill; by the many from her bosom
who, on all the fields of the first great struggle, lent their
vigorous anus to the cause of all; by the children she has
borne, whose nauies alone are national trophies, is Massa-
chusetts now vowed irrevocably to this work. What be-
longs to the faithrtil servant she will do in all things, and
Providence shall determine the result."
Among the various proposed remedies for the
-crime against Kansas we extract the following:
" Next comes the Remedy of Fotty, wliieh, indeed, is also
a remedy of tyranny j but its folly is so surpassing as to
eclipse even its tyranny. It does not proceed from the
President. With this proposition he is not in any way
chargeable. It comes from the Senator from South Caro-
lina, who. at the close of a long speed), offered it as his
single contribution to the adjustment of this question, and
who thus tar stands alone in its support. It might, there-
. fore, titly bear his name ; but that which I new give to it is
a more suggestive synonym.
This proposition, nakedly expressed, is that the people
•f Kansas sbould be deprived of their arms. That I may
not do the least injustice to the Senator, I quote his precise
word? :
'•' The President of the United States is under the high-
est and most solemn obligations to interpose; and if I were
to indicate the manner in which he should interpose in
Kansas, I would point out the old common-law process. I
would serve a warrant on Sharpe's rifles, and if Sharpe's
rifles did not answerthe summons, and come into court on
a day certain, or if they resisted the sheriff, I would sum-
mon the fosse amtiatnt, and would have C olonel S limner's
regiment to be a part of that poste comitatus.'
>- Really, sir, has it come to this? The rifle has everbeen
the companion of the pioneer, and, Under God, his tutelary
. prelector against the red man and the beast of the forest.
.Never was this efficient weapon more needed in just self-
defense than now in Kansas, and at least one article in our
national Constitution must be blotted out before the com-
plete right to it can in any way be impeached. And yet
such is the madness of the hour, that, in defiance of the
solemn guarantee embodied in the amendments to the Con-
stitution, that' the right of the people to keepand bear arms
shall not be infringed,' the people of Kansas have been
arraigned for keeping and bearing them, and the Senator
from South Carolina has Bad the face to say openly, on this
floor, that they should be disarmed—of course, that the
fanatics of slavery, his allies and constituents, may meet no
impediment. Sir, the Senator is venerable with years; he
is reputed, also, to have worn at heme, in the State which
be represents, judicial honors: and he is placed here at the
bead of ail important committee, occupied particularly with
questions of law; but neither his years, nor his position,
' past or present, can give respectability to the demand he
has made, or save him from indignant condemnation, when,
to compass tiie wretched purposes of a wretched cause, he
thus proposes to trample on one of the plainest provisions
of constitutional liberty."
Drawing a parallel between the wrongs of Kan-
sas, and those against which our fathers rebelled,
he came once more upon Mr. Butler:
" With regret, I come again upon the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butlek,] who, omnipresent in this debate,
overflowed with rage at the simple suggestion that Kansas
had applied for admission as a State ; and, with incoherent
phrases, discharged the loose expectoration of his speech,
now upon her representative, and then upon her people.
There was no extravagance of the ancient parliamentary
debate which he did not repeat; nor was there any possible
deviation from truth which he did not make, witli so much
of passion, 1 ain glad to add, as to save him from the sus-
picion of intentional aberration. But the Senator touches
nothing which he does not disfigure—frith error, sometimes
of principle, sometimes of fact. He Bhows an incapacity
of accuracy, whether in stating the Constitution or in stat-
ing the law, whether in the details of statistics or the
diversions of scholarship. Me cannot ope his mouth but
out there flies a blunder. Surely he ought to be familiar
with the life of Franklin ; and yet he referred to this house-
bold character, while acting as igent of our fathers in
England, as above suspicion; and this was done that he
might give point to a false contrast with the agent of Kan-
sas—not knowing that, however they may diner in genius
and fame, in this experience they are alike: That Frank-
lin, when intrusted with the petition of Massachusetts Bay,
was assaulted by a foul-mouthed speaker, where he could
not be beard in defense, and denounced as a ' tliief,' even
as the agent of Kansas has been assaulted on this floor,
and denounced as a ' forger.' Aod let not the vanity of
Ihe Senator b« inspired by tbe pamttel with cbs British
statesmen of that day; for it is only in hostility to freedom
that any paralleloan be recognized.
" Bui it ii against the people of Kansas that the sensibili-
ties of the Senator are particularly aroused. Coming, as he
announces,' from a State'—ay, sir, from South Carolina
—he turns with lordly disgust from this newly-formed com-
munity, which he will not recognise even as a' bcdy-pel-
iuc.' Pray, sir, by what title does he indulge in tins ego-
tism.' Has he read the history of «the State' which he
represents? He cannot surely have forgotten Its shameful j
imbecility firora slavery, confessed throughout the Revolu-
tion, followed by its more shameful assumptions for slavery
since. He cannot have forgotten its wretched persistence
in the slave trade as the very apple of its eye, and the con
dition of its participation in the Union. He cannot have
forgotten its constitution, wliieh is republican only in name,
coutiruling power in the hands of the few, and founding the
qualifications of its legislators on < settled freehold estate or
ten negroes.' And yet the Senator, to whom that < State'
has in part committed the guardianship of its good name,
instead of moving, with backward treading steps, to cover
its nakedness, rushes forward, in the very ecstasy of mad-
ness, to expose it, by provoking a comparison with Kansas.
South Carolina is old; Kansas is young. South Carolina
counts by centuries, where Kansas counts by years. But
a beneficent example may b« born in a day: and I venture
to say, that against the two centuries of the older' State,'
may be already set,the two years of trial, evolving corre-
sponding virtue, in]the younger community. In the one, is
the long wail of slavery; in the other, the hymns of freedom.
And if we glance at special achievements, it will be difli-
cult to And anything in the history of South Carolina which
presents so much of heroic spirit in a heroic cause as ap-
pears in that repulse of the Missouri invaders by the be-
leaguered town of Lawrence, where even the women gave
their effective efforts to freedom. The matrons of Rome,
who poured their jewels into the treasury for the public
defense—the wives of Prussia, who, with delicate fingers,
clothed their defenders against French invasion—the moth-
ers of our own Revolution, who sent forth their sons, cov-
ered over with prayers and blessings, to combat for human
rights, did nothing of self-sacrifice truer than did these wo-
men on this occasion. Were the whole history of South
Carolina blotted out of existence, from its very beginning
down to the day of the last election of the Senator to liis
present seat on this floor, civilization mitfit lose—I do not
say how little ; but surely less than it has already gained by
the example of Kansas, in its valiant struggle against op-
pressmn, and in the development of a new science of emi-
gration. Already in Lawrence alone there are newspapers
and schools, including a high school, and throughout this
infant Territory there is more of mature scholarship, in pro-
portion to its inhabitants, than in all South Carolina. Ah,
sir, I tell the Senator that Kansas, welcomed as a free State,
will be a ' ministering angel' to the Republic, when South
Carolina, in the cloak of darkness which she hugs, ' lies
howling.'
" The Senator ftom Illinois [Mr. Douolas] naturally
joins the Senator from South Carolina in this warfare, and
gives to it the superior intensity of his nature. He thinks
that the National Government has not completely proved
its power, as it has never hanged a traitor; but, if the occa
sion requires, be hopes there will be no hesitation; and this
threat is directed at Kansas, and even at the friends of Kan-
sas throughout the country. Again occurs the parallel with
the struggles of our Fathers, and I borrow the language of
Patrick Henry, when, to the cry from the Senator, of
' treason,' 'treason,' I reply,'if this be treason, make
the most of it.' Sir, it is easy to call names; but I beg to
tell the Senator that if tbe word ' traitor' is in any way
applicable to those who refuse submission to a tyrannical
usurpation, Whether in Kansas or elsewhere, then must
some new word, of deeper color, be invented to designate
those mad spirits who would endanger and degrade tbe Re-
public, while they betray all the cherished sentiments of
the Fathers and the spirit of the Constitution in order to
t give new spread to slavery. Let tlie Senator proceed. It
will not be the first time in history that a scaffold erected
for punishment has become a pedestal of honor. Out of
] death comes life, and the ' traitor' whom he blindly exe-
i cutes will live immortal in the cause.
;: ' For Humanity BWeeps onward ; where to-day the-martyr
,1 stands,
On tbe morrow crouches Judas, with the silver in his
hands;
While the hooting mob of yesterday in silent awe return
1 To glean up the scattered ashes into History's golden
I urn.'"
After pressing upon Congress the special, im-
! portunate duty, without hesitation or postpone-
ment, of overthrowing this usurpation of the
slave power in Kansas, he closed his masterly
speech as follows:
" The contest, which, beginning in Kansas; has reached
us, willsoon be transferred from Congress to a broader stage,
j where every citizen will be not only spectator, but actor;
I and to their judgment I confidently appeal. To the people,
< now on the eve of exercising the electoral franchise, in
choosing a Chief Magistrate of the Republic, I appeal, to
,, vindicate tbe electoral franchise in Kansas. Let the ballot-
> box of tbe Union, with multitudinous might, protect the
,, ballot-box in that Territory. Let the voters everywhere,
while rejoicing in their own rights, help to guard the equal
rights of distant fellow citizens; that the shrines of popular
institutions, now desecrated, may be sanctified anew ; that
the ballot-box, now plundered, may be restored; and tliat
the cry, ' I am an American citizen,' may not be sent
forth in vain against outrage of every kind. In just regard
for free labor in that Territory, whicfr it is sought to blast
by unwelcome association with slave labor; in Christian
sympathy with the slave, whom it is proposed to task and
to sell there; in stern condemnation of the crime which has
|, been consummated on that beautiful soil; in rescue of fel-
i, low^ctHaens^aewMtibjaeated-to-a tyrannical usurpation;
In dutiful respect for the early fathers, whose aspirations
are now ignobly thwarted ; in the name ol the Constitution,
which has been outraged—of the laws trampled down—of
justice banished—of humanity degraded—of peace de-
stroyed—of freedom crushed to earth—and in the name of
the Heavenly Father, whose service is perfect freedom, I
make Ibis last appeal."
•ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. MILES TAYLOR,
of louisiana,
Ik the House of Refrbscntativbs,
July 12, 1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged assault upon Senator Sumner by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. TAYLOR said: "
Mr. Speaker: I rise with diffidence ■ • aim—t
with unwillingness—to take a part in the discus-
sion of the subject before the House at this late
period in the debate. After the freshness of <a
subject has once been lost — no matter how im-
portant or extensive that subject maybe, or how
original or appropriate are the views presented—
it is always difficult, and sometimes impossible,
to awaken the attention of those who had before
listened with patience, and perhaps interest, to
everything that fell from those wno bad prece-
dence upon the floor. But, sir, notwithstanding
this disadvantage, 1 shall not shrink from the
performance of a task which I think is imposed
on me by my public duty. The questions in-
i volved aire of such magnitude, and the field for
investigation and argument is so large, that there
is still room for the addition of something of fact
and of reasoning to the mass of matter already
brought together for their elucidation by thoae
who nave gone before me in the examination of
them; and I shall, therefore, enter upon their
discussion with the hope that I may be able to
; offer to the House something not before submitted
to it in the course of this debate, and which will
be of such a character as not to be altogether
unworthy of attentive consideration.
1 The subject before us would be one of very
little difficulty, and of no public importance what-
ever, were it not for its relation to circumstanoes
existing in the political world, with which it
neither has, nor can pr#perly have, any necessary,
. or even natural connection. There nas been, it
is true,an act of.personal violence committed,
in which (he person assailing and the person as-
j j sailed occupied atieh positions that the first im-
I pression produced upon the public mind, when
II the fact was bruited abroad, was that it was dif-
j; ferenl in its character, and in all its features, from
the ordinary cases of violence between man and
! man, which are, unhappily, of not unfrequent
j1 occurrence among even those belonging to the
most cultivated classes of modern society.
:j The actual case presented by the facts, really
involved in the occurrence which is the subject
of the present discussion, are simply these: One
who represented the State of Massachusetts in
the Senate of the United States, whilst in has
: place in the Senate, in a public discussion in that
body, delivered a discourse which had been pre-
; pared with great deliberation, and printed by the
j: Senator before its delivery, and which was p b-
| lished by him to the world, immediately after it
: was spoken, in pamphlet form, as well as through
! the columns of the Daily Globe, in which that
Senator saw fit to attack the revolutionary history
of the State of South Carolina, and the character
of her political institutions, and to speak of one
of the Senators of that State—a man alike dis-
tinguished for his virtue and venerable for his
years—who was not then in his seat, but wa3 -at
home, at a distance from the seat of Government,
in a tone of personality, studiously offensive, and
! with a grossness of language and a coarseness
I of epithet never before heard in that body, or,
! so far as I am aware, in any other regularly eon-
I stituted deliberative assembly.
j The discourse thus delivered and thus pub-
II lished, was placed in the hands of a member of
this House representing one of the congressional
ii districts of the State of South Carolina, who
I was, at the same time, an intimate friend<and>.a.
•Ntoar kinsman ©ftfee-Sanatorto wards ,whom this
