1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
T
in
of Parliament is protected by his privilege from
any action of libel, or any other question, or mo-
lestation for what he may have spoken in debate,
et if lie should proceed to publish his speech,
Jiis printed statement would be regarded as a
separate publication, unconnected with any pro-
ceedings in Parliament. (May on Parliament,
102, 103, 104.) And this is held by the courts
of law in that country to be equally true, when
the particular statement complained of has been
published in pursuance of an order of Parliament.
(May on Parliament, 149-159.) Thus, in Eng-
land, where the two Houses of Parliament are
the sole and exclusive judges of their own privi-
leges, under the authority of those ancient prin-
ciples of law which have precedents running back
to the remotest antiquity, and under the authority
of repeated acknowledgments of their exclusive
jurisdiction with respect to them in modern times,
resulting from the decisions of their courts and the
admissions of their monarchs, the assault upon
the Senator from Massachusetts would not have
been a violation of his right to the most absolute
freedom of speech in debate within the walls of
Parliament.
I know it maybe said that the intent to commit
the assault was formed whilst the speech of the
Senator from Massachusetts was in the course of
utterance; and this idea is certainly countenanced
by the expressions contained ij^ the majority
report. A careful examination of the evidence
taken by the committee will, I think, show that
no such fact is established. The impression on
the minds of a majority of the committee, to that
effect, was doubtless the result, in a great measure,
of the statements of Mr. Wilson, founded on
what had been said to him by Mr. Bingham,
of the House. The result of Mr. Bingham's
examination, however, shows that he had no
knowledge whatever in relation to the subject
but what any one who had been present at the
debate in the Senate was in possession of equally
with himself; for he says distinctly that he had
no personal knowledge " whatever" of the facts
connected with the assault; and he further states
that, when he spoke of " threats" in relation to
the Senator from Massachusetts^he referred to
what was contained in the expressions of Sena-
tors made use of in debate on the day the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts closed his speech, and to
nothing else. And besides failing to show that
any "threats" were made by Senators, when
questioned as to whether he knew " anything of
threats made by members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, or others, in regard to the speech of
Mr. Sumner," Mr. Bingham negatived all know-
ledge of the existence of any such intent on the
part of any one, by answering most unequivo-
cally that he did not.
The only other evidence bearing upon this point,
I believe, is that of Mr. Edmundson. He says,
"that the first intimation he had thatMr. Brooks
had taken any offense at what Mr. Sumner had
said, was on going into the Senate on the second
day of the speech, when he heard a gentleman
say that Mr. Brooks had taken exceptions to
remarks made by Mr. Sumner the day before, in
relation to Judge Butler and to the State of
South Carolina." And in another part of his
testimony Mr. Edmundson says that thefirst time
he was told by Mr. Brooks of his intention or
purpose with respect to Mr. Sumner, was on the
morning of the clay on which the assault took
place. At that time the speech had been printed
at the press of Buell& Blanchard,and published
by the Senator from Massachusetts; and Mr.
Brooks, as well as manv others, had at that time
"read it over carefully. The person to whom
Mr. Edmundson alluded when he said that "on
going into the Senate, on the second day of the
speech, he heard a gentleman say that Mr.
Brooks had taken exception to remarks made
Mr. Sumner the day before, in relation to Judge
Butler and South Carolina, was not produced;
and as the statement made by Mr. Edmundson
was mere "hearsay," and not evidence as to the
fact, and no testimony on the point was offered
or elicited before the committee tending to estab-
lish the existence of any such fact, it must be
regarded as having had no existence.
There is no reason whatever, then, to justify
the belief that this assault would hare ever taken
place, if the speech of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had rested in the ears of those who
heard if, and it had not been published to the
world, and scattered to the four winds of Heaven,
by his own act as an individual, and in his private
capacity. The speaking of words in the presence
of individuals, whether they are members of
Imblic bodies, or mere private persons, and pub-
ishing them to the world, by writing or printing,
so that they may have a permanent existence and
I a wider circulation, are very different things.
Many expressions, offensive to others, may lie
made use of in private conversation, for which
| the speaker cannot be held personally responsi-
ble in a court of law; and yet, if these same ex-
pressions are reduced to writing, or are printed,
and are published by the one who gave utterance
to them, he, or any one else who busies himself
in giving circulation to them in their new shape,
is guilty of a public crime, and is subject to pun-
ishment by the public authority. Ana the reason
of this is plain. It is one thing to submit to
words, untrue and abusive though they be, when
they are uttered in the presence of those to whom
the speaker of them is known, and who are com-
petent to decide upon their character, and another
to submit to the publication of them in writing,
or printing, in such a manner that the reproach
made or the indignity offered may'' be made
known to thousands and millions who are with-
out the means of forming a right judgment with
respect to it.
And, sir, this distinction between mere words
spoken—and which rest only in the memory of
listeners, and fade away, and are lost as their
listeners disappear from the stage of action, and
those which are converted into public things by
publication in a permanent shape—discloses the
true principle on which all parliamentary privi-
lege depends as to freedom of specch in debate.
This privilege was a purely political one. In
the earlier ages of the British monarchy the au-
thority of Parliament was very limited, while
that of the monarch was great. They were
seldom assembled, unless the necessities of the
monarch constrained hijn to apply to them for
assistance in supplying his pecuniary wants. On
such occasions it was extremely natural that,
when they were in session, they should have been
desirous of obtaining various grants from the
king of what they deemed of moment to them-
selves and their fellow-subjects, in return for their
liberality in granting him supplies. But as the
measures they proposed were very often calcu-
lated to restrain the royal power, or to advance
their own, those members who gave free expres-
sion to tlieir thoughts with respect to them were
often questioned, and indeed punished, by the
royal authority, for words uttered in debate when
engaged in such attempts. Freedom of speech
is, without doubt, essential to every legislative
body; and there can be no question that it was
conceded to Parliament by the sovereign au-
thority in the earlier periods of their existence in
England. But, notwithstanding this, it is clear
that, in the successive changes and revolutions
which took place in that country, hundreds of
years ago, th£ freedom of speech originally con-
ceded was continually subject to invasions on
the part of their kings; and that it was not until
after their increasing necessities for supplies of
money had compelled them to yield to the claims
of Parliament in this particular, that this privi-
lege was again recognized and confirmed as apart
of the positive law of the land in that country in
the seventeenth century.
As it now exists in Great Britain, this privilege j
was established "more especially" to prevent ■
the members, to use the expression of Black- j
stone, " from being oppressed by the power of ;
the Crown." It was introduced to give them per- ;
feet freedom of speech and freedom of action in ;
the discharge of their public duties; but it never ;
was designed, nor can it ba extended even there, J
so as to give to any one the right to do a private j
injury. It gave the member ofTParliament a !
complete immunity from prosecution or question
because of the expression of political views, no
matter how objectionable they might be to the
Government, or distasteful to men of different
opinions; so that he could never again be fined,
or imprisoned, as Strode was, in 1512, under
Henry VIII., " for having proposed c
to regulate the tinners in Cornwall;'
certain bills
" but it did
not give him a license to do .injury to the repu-
tation or the feelings of individuals by pouring
out insulting personalities or coarse abuse upon
them under color of a public debate. And this
is made clear by reference to the celebrated pro-
testation of the House of Commons, in 1621,
which was called forth, if I mistake not, by the
prosecution of Sir Edwin Sandys, in which they
defined this privilege, affirming " that every mem-
ber hath freedom from all impeachment, impris-
onment, or molestation, other than by censure
of the House itself, for or concerning any bill,
speaking, reasoning, or declaring of any matter
or matters touching the Parliament or Parliament
business."
The claim here for protection was for protec-
tion against the Crown from the consequences
of public action on public subjects—not for pro-
tection from private individuals, from the con-
sequences of their violations of the proprieties of
life, or for their breaches of good manners. Such
an extraordinary protection as the one spoken of
would have been a public mischief, as it would
have tended to the encouragement of all sorts of
coarseness of language and personal abuse in
debate, whilst it was entirely unnecessary for the
carrying on of the public business. And this is
the view taken by Hatsel. At page 73 of his
work, he says, " that though the deliberations
of Parliament require the utmost freedom of
speech, particularly with regard to public meas-
ures. and to ministers, and men in responsible
stations, yet that this freedom ought to be regu-
lated in its use by the rules of decorum and good
manners." And then he remarks, in continua-
tion, that " there is no measure so reprehensible,
there never existed a minister so guilty here, that
both the one and the other might not \>e animad-
verted on in the strongest and severest manner,
without violating that decency or departing from
those forms of expressions which the character
of gentlemen requires should be observed one
towards another."
But, whilst it is certain that the assault in ques-
tion would not in England have constituted a
breach of the privilege of a member of Parlia-
ment to " freedom of speech " in debate, it is
undoubtedly true that it would have amounted to
, a breach of the " privilege " of a member of
j Parliament to an absolute exemption of his person
! from all assaults which is peculiar to those occu-
pying that position, and is not shared with them
t>y their fellow subjects. This peculiar privilege,
however, which sets members of Parliament apart,
and gives them an advantage over all other per-
sons in society, is the result of positive law, not
of anything inherent in the nature of the office
itself.
In England, as in every other country of laws,
all are equally entitled to the protection of the
law while engaged in their lawful pursuits; and if
at any time their persons are violated by assaults,
! they are always entitled to have their right to this
j protection vindicated by the infliction on those
who have assaulted them of the penalties pre-
scribed by the law in all such cases. The fact as
! to any such violation of the person of any indi-
1 vidual member of society having been committed
is inquired into by the ordinary courts instituted
for the dispensation of justice to all; and, when
such fact is ascertained by an investigation car-
ried on according to certain established rules,
their courts inflict the penalty awarded to the
offense. But in that country the law itself has
created a distinction between members of Parlia-
ment and ordinary men. While in the case of
ordinary men the law has been contented to rest
their protection from assault to the authority of
the general law which declares that whoever as-
saults another shall be subjected to a certain
penalty to be enforced by the courts of justice,
which are open to all, in the case of a member of
| Parliament it has said that whoever assaults him
I shall be subjected to an extraordinary penalty;
and declares that the fact of such assault shall be
judged of, and the penalty to be imposed determ-
ined on, not by the common tribunals of the
country, but by Parliament itself.
AUwhat time that peculiar right, or " privi-
lege," was first accorded to members of Parlia-
