1636.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
practice in every colonial government, and it
had been recognized in every State constitution
adopted by the people of the separate colonies,
after the colonies became independent States, in
which any declaration of the rights of the people
was made. Yes, and Maryland asserted it when
she framed her government in 1776, on the very
soil on which these Halls have their foundation,
and where the act of the Representative from
South Carolina was done; whilst Massachu-
setts, whose jesolutions striking at it are now
before us, not only recognized the right, but in
her constitution, adopted in 1780, she pronounced
the punishing of actions which had " not been
declared crimes by preceding laws," to be " unjust,
oppressive, and inconsistent with the fundamental
principles of a free government."
If this, however, had admitted of doubt, the
fact that no power could exist in either House of
Congress to exercise or enjoy any privilege, or
to punish any person for a violation of any priv-
ilege that they were rightfully entitled to, unless
in virtue of some positive provision of the Con-
stitution, or of some express law constitutionally
made, would have been a necessary result, from
the operation and effect of various other pro-
visions contained in the same Constitution, which
must be violated and overthrown by the exertion
of any such power. This will be at once seen
by looking at the provisions of the Constituiton
defining the privileges of Congress, in connection
with those which necessarily restrain and limit
those privileges within certain distinct and well-
marked boundaries. Everything which in any
way relates to the privileges of Congress, or its
members, is contained in sections five and six,
article one, of the Constitution. The privileges
of the two Houses of Congress in their collective
capacities, are established in section five, and are
as follows:
1st. Each House is to " be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members."
2d. A majority of each House " shall consti-
tute a quorum to do business; but a smaller num-
ber may adjourn from day to day, and may be
authorized to compel the attendance of absent
members, in such manner, and under such penal-
ties, as each House may provide;" and
3d. " Each House may determine the rules of
its proceedings, punish its members for disor-
derly behavior, and, with the concurrence of two-
thirds, expel a member:"
While the privileges of the individual members
are established in section six, wherein it is pro-
vided that—
1st. The Senators and Representatives "shall
in all cases, except treason, felony, and breach
of the peace, be privileged from arrest during
their attendance at the session of their respective
Houses, and in going to and returning from the
same;" and
2d. "That for any speech on debate in either
House, they shall not be questioned in any other
place."
The slightest examination of the provisions
relating to the " privileges of the two Houses in
their collective capacities shows the fact, that no
Sower whatever is given to either of the Houses
irectly to punish third persons, that is, persons
not members; and that the power to punish
members is a restricted and limited one in "each
House" to punish its own members for " disor-
derly behavior." But it may be said that the
expression, "disorderly behavior,"is oneoflarge
significance, and that it may embrace a very
great variety of conduct. N otwithstanding all that
has been or may be said on this subject, it is
obvious that the only " disorderly behavior" in-
tended by the expression is such as violates the
" rules of its proceedings" which each House is
expressly empowered toadopt. Such rules,when
once adopted, are "laws" of the House adopting
them, and are binding on each and every member
of the House; and any disregard or violation of
them constitutes an offense against that House,
which it is by the Constitution empowered topun-
ish to the extent of the expulsion of the offend-
ing member, if the violation of the rules of the
proceedings of the House were of a very grave
character. In many of the constitutions of the
different States which were in force at the time
New Series—No. 50.
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution, there
were provisions giving the Houses of the State
Legislatures the power to expel for various other
causes, as, for instance, in that of Maryland,
where a member had committed " a great misde-
meanor," and in that of Georgia, where one had
been convicted of " any felonious or infamous
offense;" whilst in some others, as in those of
New Hampshire and Massachusetts, no power to
expel for any cause whatever was given. In
some of ,lhe existing State constitutions where
the power to expel is given, as in that of Ver-
mont, if I remember right, it is provided that no
one shall be expelled for any cause known to
his constituents; and in others again it is pro-
vided that no one shall be expelled a second time
for the same cause. From this it will be at once
perceived that the expulsion of a member for any
other cause than a violation of the " rules of the
proceedings" of the House of which he was a
member, was regarded,when the Constitution of
the United States was adoptod, and is still re-
garded by the people of the different States, as a
matter of great delicacy w Ike re it was to operate
on representatives of constituencies in the same
State, and that it was, in consequence, entirely
withheld in some of them. How much greater,
then, must have been the delicacy of the subject,
when the exercise of the power by the Represent-
atives of a portion of the States was to operate
upon the interests or the privileges of constituen-
cies in other, and, perhaps, distant States. And
this, beyond all doubt, was the reason which
controlled in shaping the provision on this sub-
ject, which necessarily excludes everything from
view as a cause for expulsion which is connected
with the general character or particular conduct
of members, and restrains the exercise of the
power of each House to expel for such acts alone
as disturb or affect the " proceedings of the H ouse "
to which he belongs, and which, therefore, con-
stitute an offense against the House, because done
in violation of the "rules" to which the Consti-
tution has given binding force and effect.
Again, if we look at the provisions contained
in section six, it will be seen that, while they de-
clare that both Senators atld Representatives
" shall be privileged from arrest;" &c., and that
" for any speech or debate in either House they
shall not be questioned in any other place," there
is no power or authority given to the Houses to
which they belonged to protect them in the en-
joyment of their privileges, or to punish those
who violated them. And why was this? For
a very simple reason. These privileges were
granted to exempt members, first, from the oper-
ation of legal orders for the arrest of their per-
sons on mesne process, or in execution for debt,
which might be issued against them under au-
thority of the laws then in force, during the ses-
sion of Congress, &c.; and, second, from any
claim or proceedings against them in a court of
justice for what fell from them in any speech or
debateintheirrespectiveHouses. Thisexemption
from arrest and from claim or pursuit in a court of
law was a legal exemption, which the party enti-
tled to it could oppose to any officer, or plead in
"a court of justice whenever it became necessary.
The law itself, as it then stood, and as it now
stands everywhere in the country, was perfectly
competent to enforce these privileges, and, there-
fore, as the power to enforce them was unne-
cessary, it was not given.
The assault committed by the Representative
from South Carolina on the person of the
Senator from Massachusetts was a violation of
law: it was a violation of the right of the Senator
from Massachusetts to an absolute immunity
and perfect exemption of his person from all
violence of whatever kind it may be, by whom-
soever it may be offered, or from whatever mo-
tive it may proceed. But the right to this immu-
nity and exemption is in no sense the result of
his senatorial position. It is conferred on him
by no constitutional provision, which gives him,
in his person, a privilege above that of his fellow-
citizens, so far as it relates to those deeds of vio-
lence growing out 'of the imprudent, wanton, or
malignant personalities which many who should
be the living exemplars of propriety, forbearance,
and moderation, so frequently indulge in in pri-
vate conversation or in public debate. This right
is the creation of the law, which was in force in
every part of our common country at the time
of the adoption of the Constitution, and which
was then deemed sufficient for its protection. The
right is as important, personally, to the private
individual, as to the one who discharges public
functions; and in the vindication of that right
it is the duty of the ministers of the law to ex-
tend its arm as far, ejert its power as long, and
strike as strong a blow when it is invaded in the
person of the man who wins his bread " in the
sweat of his brow," by daily toil, as when it is
violated in the person of. one who sits in the
presidential chair, who occupies a place on the
judgment seat, or who is placed in these Halls as
the public representative of a portion of the peo-
ple of a sovereign State, or of a State itself.
What I have said shows, I think, in the most
conclusive manner, that the assault complained
of was neither a violation of the privileges of the
Senator from Massachusetts, of the Senate itself,
nor of this House; and that, as a necessary con-
; sequence, there could be no rightful action on the
i subject by this House, and that the resolution
proposed ought to be rejected.
It is true, sir, that it may be thought pre-
sumptuous in me to express such an opinion in
the face of the proceedings of an almost unani-
mous Senate. It may seem so. But when a
Representative upon this floor has given the sub-
ject that consideration which its importance de-
mands, and he has been compelled to arrive at a
conclusion different from theirs, I hold that it is
his duty—his imperative duty to himself, to the
Senate, and to the country, to declare it. And,
Mr. Speaker, I am less disturbed at the respons-
ibility of doing so at this time, than I might
otherwise have been, by a knowledge of the fact
that the action of the Senate was precipitate,
and followed close upon the commission of the
deed, which they characterize as a breach of
their privileges; and by a knowledge of the fact,
. which was so distinctly presented to the House
, by my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Wins-
low,] that that body and this House had fallen
into a most palpable error as to the extent of
congressional power and privileges in the case of
; Blount. And now let me ask, if the mistake
then had not been discovered before they had pro-
nounced a judgment upon Blount, would tneir
action have constituted an authoritative " prece-
dent?"
If, however, there was any reason to believe
that there had-been a violation of any " privilege"
of the Senator from Massachusetts, or of Con-
gress, it would still be necessary for the House
to reject this resolution, and to decline any ac-
tion whatever upon the subject before us, because
the House has no power under the Constitution
to sit in judgment upon the case.
As I have already shown, there is no express
| power given to either House of Congress to pun-
ish one of its members, but for a single cause, to
wit: for " disorderly behavior" in violation of
the " rules" of the House. The assault in ques-
tion, no one will pretend, violated any rule of th 
House; and the power of the House, under th 
Constitution, not only does not extend so far
that it might judge of and punish for any other
causes, but it is not within the competency of the
National Legislature to vest such power in the
Houses of Congress by law.
If the action proposed be taken, it will be upon
' the single ground, that the assault committed
. was a violation of the privileges of the Senator
I from Massachusetts, or of the Senate, or of this
i House; but a violation of the "privileges" of
deliberative bodies are offenses against law, and
they are punishable only because they are offenses.
The only difference in England between thes#
offenses against the peculiar laws of Parliament
! and offenses against the general laws of th 
kingdom, grows out of the fact, that offense®
against the general laws are tried and determined
by the ordinary courts of justice, while the
Houses of Parliament are the judges-of their own
privileges, and of the violations of them. It does
not, however, necessarily follow, when legislative
i bodies have privileges, that they are to be tho
j judges of their existence and extent, or of the
[ violations of them. There have been many in-
' stances in which that power has been exercised
