882
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. or Reps.
by the courts of the country; and wherever that
has been the case, there is reason to believe that
the circumstance has been attended with great
public advantage. But, however thatmay be, it is
certain that a forma! proposition, to the effect that
"each House" should " be the judge of its own
privileges, and" should " have authority to pun-
ish by°imprisonment every person violating the
same," was presented to ihe convention which
framed the Constitution, and that it was not re-
garded there with favor, as will be seen by refer-
ence to the Madison papers. (Vol. 3, pp. 1365,
1493.)
The power, then, was not given, but designedly
withheld. And what is the necessary result of
the failure to give such power in express terms ?
Why, a question as to the fact, whether a par-
ticular act amounts to a violation of the privileges
of Congress, or of the members of Congress, is
a judicial question, and can be inquired into, and
deeided upon, only by the judicial power of the
Government. And where, then, I ask, does that
power exist, so as to be exercised for the purpose
of deciding such a question ? In either of the
Houses of Congress? No; for a proposition to
that effect was proposed to the framers of the
Constitution, which they did not approve, and no
such power is expressly given in that instrument.
But does it not exist by implication ? No. And
yet it is true, as asserted by the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Anderson tw.
Dunn, before referred to, that many powers not
expressly given are rightfully exercised under the
Constitution, because they are necessarily im-
plied in the grant of the powers expressly given.
What, then, are the powers which are necessarily
implied in the express grant of other powers in
that instrument ? Are they powers with respect
to any subject not mentioned in it? No, sir; they
are not substantive and independent powers, but
such as are " auxiliary and subordinate,'' to use
the expression of the Supreme Court in that
ease—not original powers, but derivative ones,
which " are vital" to the exercise of the original
powers expressly granted. Thus the power given
to each House " to determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings," draws after it, by implication,'the
" implied" power to enforce those rules against
all who come in conflict with them; and the power
to punish its members for disorderly behavior,
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, "to expel
a member," draws with it the " implied" power
to hear and decide all cases or all charges made
before it against its members for " disorderly be-
havior;" or, in other words, for alleged violation
" of the rules of its proceedings," and the " im-
plied" power, also, to execute its decisions.
This, and this alone, is the extent to which the
doctrine of " implied" powers can be, or ever
has been, carried, either here or elsewhere; and
I defy gentlemen to point out a single decision of
any respectable court, holding its sittings in a
country of laws, in which it has been held other-
wise. I will not deny that there are individuals
who are of a different opinion. There are, in-
deed, some, I know, who claim to be strict con-
structionists, like the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Etheridge,] who amused the House yes-
terday by a display of levity upon what others
seem to consider a grave subject, that do not
hesitate to avow that opinion. Well, sir, I will
not stop to criticise the opinion of that gentle-
man; but I must be permitted to say this: the
gentleman was, beyond all doubt, very success-
ful in the end he seemed to aim at—amusing the
House with his quaint manner and his laughable
remarks; but, for one, I seriously doubt if any
one who heard his argument on the meaning of
word " disorderly," founded on the definition
in Webster's Dictionary, will regard anything
said by him the whole time he was speaking as
so truly laughable as that in which he declared
himself to be " a strict constructionist" of the
Constitution.
It is clear, then, that the power claimed can
neither be found in any express provision of the
Constitution, nor be fairly deducible from any
other power given in it.
But I will go further: I say that not only does
the power claimed to punish members or others
for assaults on members, out of the presence of
th# House, and which are not violations of the
rules of the House adopted for the government
of members acting in their legislative capacity,
not now exist in the House, but that it cannot be
conferred on it by legislation. The power to in-
quire into and decide such a question is purely
judicial, and such a power can onlyexist m vir-
tue of a direct grant by Congress, inasmuch as
the Constitution itselfprovides, that" the judicial
power of the United States shall be vested in one
Supreme Court, and such inferior courts as the
Congress may from time to time ordain and estab-
lish. From this it seems that the power in
Congress to give the power is absolute. It is so
as to the whole power, but not as to the persons
to whom its exercise may be intrusted. No por-
tion of the judicial power of the Government can
be vested in the members of the two Houses
collectively, because they hold their places for
limited terms, and the Constitution itself restricts
the exercise of that power to a class of public
functionaries who, to use the language of the
Constitution, " shall hold their offices during
good behavior."
But this is not all.' There are other provisions
of the Constitution which are equally repugnant
to the exercise of any such right in this House,
or in the Senate, as that now asserted, to sit in
judgment upon any man with a view to determ-
ine whether any particular act of the character of
that now complained of is a violation of the priv-
ileges of Congress or of its members, and if it be
punishable as such.
The proceedings now going on, no matter how
you may disguise their character under cover of
parliamentary terms and phrases, constitute, in
substance and in fact, a criminal proceeding; that
is to say, a proceeding carried on to convict and
punish the Representative from South Carolina
for an alleged violation of the privileges of Con-
gress and of the Senator from Massachusetts, by
the commission of an act which has not been
heretofore declared, either in the Constitution, or
by a law of Congress, a violation of those priv-
ileges. Such a proceeding is not only unwar-
ranted in law or by any express authority found
in the Constitution, but it is in direct contraven-
tion of the principles involved in severed of its
most important provisions.
If the act which it is now attempted to punish
by a vote of this House be one not of a charac-
ter to have been reached or provided against by
a rule of the House, then the proceeding violates
that provision of the Constitution which guaran-
ties every citizen against any public prosecution
unless upon a presentment or indictment by a
frand jury—that which declares that no one shall
e twice tried for the same offense—and that
which gives to every person accused the right to
a public trial by an impartial jury of the district
in which the offense charged was committed.
And whether you regard it in that light, or in the
light of an act which might have been provided
against by a rule of the House, in either case,
and in whatever aspect you may choose to view
it, the whole proceeding is in direct violation of
the principle involved in that provision of the
Constitution which declares that "no ex post
facto law shall be passed," and that other provi-
sion which in effect declares that no one shall be
deprived of any right " without due process of
law."
A proceeding against a member, to punish him
for the violation of any rule of the House, is as
much a proceeding " by due course of law," as
any proceeding-against any other person for a
violation of law would be, when carried on before
any ordinary court of justice. The " rules of its
proceedings," when adopted by either House of
Congress, become the "laws" of the House
adoptingthem; they are obligatory upon members
and others who are embraced within their opera-
tion; those who transgress them are offenders:
and the proceedings against those charged with
the transgression, for the purpose of determining
if they have been transgressed, are proceedings
by " due process of law," if carried on in con-
formity with their provisions. But as it is a
maxim in law as well as in morals, that " where
there is no law there can be no transgression,"
it is as repugnant to every principle of justice as
subversive of every rule of right, for this House
to pronounce a sentence of expulsion, or even
censure, against a member for any act—no matter
what—when there is no rule prohibiting it, or
visiting it with a penalty, as it would be for one
of our courts to sentence a man to death or im-
prisonment, or to inflict any other penalty, in the
absence of any law declaring the act with which
he was charged to be an offense, or subject to
punishment. No one who heard the eloquent
denunciation of my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb,] but must have felt the enormity of such
an attempt. «
It is in vain to talk about parliamentary prac-
tice or privilege elsewhere as affording a justifica-
tion for such a procedure here. If the eloquent
remonstrance of Strafford to the proceedings of the
Commons of England on their bill of attainder
against him, which was quoted so happily by my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] was just, as
has been since admitted by every succeeding
generation—with how much more propriety may
we protest at this assertion of the right to the ex-
ercise of an arbitrary, undefined, and necessarily
unlimited and illimitable power by this House?
Strafford complained, and with justice, that the
House of Commons awakened " sleeping lions"
to his destruction, by rattling among the ancient
records that had been for " many ages lying by
the wall, forgotten and neglected." But we have
no ancient receptacles of the records of by-gone
centuries — no secret crypts, or musty reposito-
ries — to draw bad precedents out of to excuse
or justify acts of power. The sources of the
legitimate rights of this House lie plainly in our
view; and whoever will examine for himself will
at once see that the right to do the act now pro-
posed does net exist.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution grants
to each House the power to punish its members
for disorderly behavior, even to the point of ex-
pulsion. But, sir, before that power can be right-
fully exercised, it must lay down its rules to
govern their behavior, and establish the penalties
for violating them. As yet, the Senate alone has
made any provision for the exercise o.f the power
granted to expel members. Its 51st rule declares
that any member of the Senate " convicted of
disclosing for publication any written or printed
matter directed by the Senate to be held in con-
fidence, shall be liable to suffer expulsion from
the body." If I remember right, that rule was
adopted but a few years ago, for the first time by
the Senate, on a memorable occasion. A Sena-
tor, it was believed, had violated the injunction
of secrecy with respect to an important treaty, in
contravention of an existing rule of the Senate,
i But no proceedings were had against the Senator
believea to be inculpated. And why not' There
' was then no rule in existence imposing any pen-
f alty upon a Senator for violating the injunction
| of secrecy. Upon principle, though the Senator
might have been found guilty of a breach of the
first rule, binding him to secrecy, he could not
have been rightfully punished, because there was
no law; or, in other words, no rule authoriz-
. ing any punishment. To provide against such
an occurrence in the future, the 51st rule was
adopted, giving authority to expel for the offense. ■
Could the Senate have expelled for such an act
before the adoption of that rule? If they could,
( then tell me why the rule was adopted ? But, in
the present instance, there is not only no rule of
this House authorizing the punishment it is pro-
posed to inflict, but there is none, as in the Sen-
ate case, prohibiting the act complained of, either
by the Senate or the House.
If the persons of Senators and Representatives
in Congress require any other protection than is
now given by existing laws—which I, for one,
1 do not believe—let it be given by an express
statute, imposing extraordinary penalties for as-
saulting, or otherwise maltreating or disturbing
them; and, if you desire it, let the courts act sum-
marily, and by preference, in all such cases; but,
in the name of justice and common decency, let
us not go on with this proceeding. If the House
persists in the course it has entered on if, where
there is no rule declaring a particular actan offense
against itself, or which pronounces a penalty
against it—the House assumes to call men to its
bar, and to condemn or absolve them for their
acts, subject to no restraint but what is to be
found in the mere discretion of a majority of ita
