1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
will the struggle for free chambers and constitu-
tional liberty be aided in Sardinia, in France, in
Germany, or in Italy ? If our tree of liberty bears
such bitter fruit, its leaves will scarcely be sought
for the healing of the oppressed nations.
Now, sir, what justification is attempted to be
setup? Why, we are told that the relative of
Mr. Brooks and the reputation of his State were
attacked. I do-not deny that Mr. Brooks thought
it was his duty- to act as champion of his family
and State. Tnere is no doubt that his mind was
fully possessed with this delusion. But who gave
him mission? By what authority has he been
constituted the censor of debate, and the Ajax of
South Carolina? Why should he, of all other
men, assume the guardianship of the Senate and
subjugate them into a mere congregation of servile
tools who may speak only what they are permitted
to speak, under correction of the cudgel ? I know
not the degree of consanguinity or affinity that
exists between the Senator from South Carolina
and Mr. Brooks; but, whatever it may be, near
or remote—though it should be so near as that of
the relation of a son to a father, by the common
law, no such words as were used by Mr. Sumner,
or which could be used by him, or others, are a
justification for violence. The vindication of
family fame is not to be enforced by blows in the
chief council of the nation.
But it is said that the speech of Mr. Sumner.
was unprecedentedly severe, and on this floor it
has been denounced as such, in a series of epi-
thets, by the gentleman from North Carolina,
which snows how well qualified he is to be the
judge. Sir, that speech was severe—and designed
to be severe; so far as it was personal, it was in
retaliation for a long series of injuries and vol-
umes of abuse. But it is yet to be proved that
it was unparliamentary, and so beyond the de-
fense of privilege. The speaker was not once
interrupted by calls to order by the listening
Senate, and proceeded unchecked to his close.
Compared with other speeches in the same
branch, it is scarcely more severe than many
which have been uttered there, and particularly
not more exceptionable to the fastidious than
those of his opponent.
Sir, what was the subject of that speech—what
was the occasion of its delivery, and what the end
to be accomplished by it? It was no less than to
protect a wide Territory from the curse of slavery,
to vindicate the principles of freedom, and to re-
buke the arrogance and assumptions of the slave
power. It was becoming on such a theme that
its advocate should be impassioned, and that his
utterances should be words of fire. Is it a new
thing for apostles of liberty to pour out their souls
in eloquent voices, and to use strong Saxon, the
native tongue of freedom, exhausting its treas-
ures of brave words? Do we criticize coolly
Hampden or Sidney? Would we wish that
Samuel Adams had waked the echoes of Faneuil
Hall less forcibly? Would we rebuke Patrick
Henry for his fierce denunciations of British op-
pression, and his vituperation of the king ? Do
we to-day censure James Otis for his bold words
spoken under the liberty tree in Boston, and com-
mend the ruffian whose brutal blows were the
occasion of the obscuration of his intellect, and
who lingered afterwards till the lightning's flash
emancipated his darkened spirit; a death the Ro-
mans would have esteemed a favor from the
gods ?
Sir, in those days South Carolina, and the gal-
lant South, had no words of condemnation for
golden utterances for liberty. She generously
applauded the patriots of the Revolution, and all
these names are dear to her, as to us. Why
should South Carolina to-day be so unlike the
South Carolina of the times which tried men's
souls ?
_ Sir, if Mr. Sumner's speech needed castiga-
tion, it might have been safely left to the reply of
the Senatorfrom South Carolina, who has proved
on other occasions, before and since, that he is
altogether sufficient to cross weapons in such an
encounter, and to take summary and signal re-
venge.
We are told, on high authority, that if Mr.
Brooks had failed to discharge this assumed duty,
he could not go back to South Carolina. If this is
ao, a most unfortunate and extraordinary state of
things exists in the Palmetto State. I congratu-
late myself and the country, that had any Mas-
sachusetts member invaded the sanctity of the
Senate Chamber, and avenged the affronts of
Massachusetts's favorite Senator by brutal vio-
lence, he could not have gone back to the old Bay
State except as an outcast and a stranger. Sir,
Massachusetts loves free institutions too well—
she is too faithful to her obligations to law and
order, to tolerate such an offense against the ma-
jesty of freegovemment, even though the offender
should sin through too jealous a regard for her
good name.
Mr. Speaker, if this proceeding was designed
to effect anything beyond personal injury to Mr.
Sumner, it was a capital blunder. It is well that
this should be distinctly understood by all con-
cerned. The power which guided the hand of
the member from South Carolina in this assault
was the power of slavery. Its mandate prompted
the act: at its behest the deed was done. The
arrogance and assumption of that power culmin-
ated here. But, sir, it is but an indication of an
insane desperation, when the attempt is made to
crush out free speech by blows. Slavery no
doubt dreads, as its most direful enemy, the lib-
erty of free discussion; but this adversary can
be vanquished in no other way but by its own
weapons. So soon as force is evoked and applied,
the rebound is terrible. The free tongue will not
be paralyzed by force. The opposition to slavery,
as now organized, is constitutional and legal. It
is also conscientious. It is founded on the fixed
and sober conviction, that the spread of slavery
is destructive to the interests of the people and
dangerous to the stability of the Government.
All experience confirms these statements. There
is no band of fanatics at the North to be feared.
There is no longer only an outpouring of feeling
on this subject by tender consciences and gentle
natures. Sentiment has crystalized into principle,
and it has adamantine strength. The repeal of
the Missouri compromise is fast uniting the North
into a solid phalanx, who insist on the reparation
of a violated faith, and who insist likewise on
some equivalent for the wrongs of which they
complain. Their deep determination must findfe
way for the accomplishment of their fixed pur-
pose to limit the further extension of this evil in
the Territories, which are the common property
of the North and the South. Under the influence
of this purpose they will march steadily on to
their success. Outbreaks of violence will not deter
them, menaces will not overawe them, scorn will
not abash them. In the panoply of well-ascer-
tained'right they go forth to the encounter—con-
sciously invincible. They raise the battle-cry
of their fathers, and garner up their hopes in their
fathers' God. They know the limit of constitu-
tional opposition, and to that limit they will walk,
and walk fearlessly. If they can find in the his-
tory of their country any precedent for stepping
over it, I believe they are not disposed to follow
it. While struggling for the right, they will be
careful always to preserve the moral support of a
simple integrity to back up their determination.
If, therefore, it is the purpose of this resort to
force, to check the freedom of inquiry, discus-
sion, and debate, such a purpose cannot be ex-
ecuted- 1 repeat, sir, it is a capital blunder; and
it was Talleyrand, I believe, who uttered that
stinging sentiment, that a blunder is worse than a
crime.
Of course I can come to no other conclusion
in this matter than that the report of the com-
mittee should be adopted, and the course which
they recommend should be pursued. Let the
House vindicate its own privileges, which are
the privileges of the people, and signally rebuke
the unparalleled outrage which has been com-
mitted. As a Massachusetts man, I can do no
less than accede to the request of her Legislature,
which I heartily approve. Their resolutions
have been ridiculed on this floor in the cburse of
the debate; but such shafts as these are power-
less. The resolutions are right. Sir, Massachu-
setts has a right to present tnem; and I am ready
to declare that they express the sentiments of
the vast majority of her people. It has become
somewhat fashionable in this Congress to assail
Massachusetts. Happily she needs no defense.
There is her history—tier glorious past, her pros-
perous present, her promising future. She can
afford to smile, while envy snarls, or malice rages.
But if these assaults are designed to intimidate
her, she points you to her escutcheon, and beneath
her cognizance of the mailed arm, her legend
reads: "Ense petit placidam, sub libertate quielem."
But, Mr. Speaker, we must not forget, in the
excitement of these controversies, that we are all
countrymen—that we have a common inheritance
in the great rights which are our blessing and our
pride. I confess to as much State pride as any
man. It may be an infirmity in Massachusetts
men, who are native to her soil, but it is shared
in kind by the Virginian and the Carolinian.
The reason undoubtedly is, that we are more
homogeneous as a people than the mixed popula-
tion of some other States.. Each has an ancestry
! distinct and peculiar, whether Cavalier, Hugue-
not, or Puritan. It is a generous infirmity—at
least, there is no baseness in it, and its inspira-
tions are often beneficial, and sometimes mag-
nanimous. It only becomes wrong when it fur-
[i nishes occasions for strife. We should guard
11 against its influence when it interferes with a
lofty, generous American patriotism. " E pluri-
|! bus unum" is the motto of our shield; and no
blow aimed at one of the States but is felt
throughout the electric chain which binds them
all in unity. We sit here the representatives of
the country : let the common fame and interests
of that country be our care. If that fame is dis-
honored by the offense which has been com-
mitted, let us frankly and fearlessly say so, and
vindicate the privileges of our birthright.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF A. C. M. PENNINGTON,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In the House of Representatives,
July 10, 1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of Hon. Preston S.
Brooks on Hon. Charles Sumner, of the Senate,
Mr. PENNINGTON said:
Mr. Speaker: Upon the invitation of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who
addressed the House on yesterday, I attempted,
without success, at the close of his speecn, to
get the floor for the purpose of replying to his
criticisms on the majority report in this case, and
hia personal allusions, in particular, to my action
as one of the majority. I did so, sir, not because
there was any intrinsic importance in his criti-
cisms or allusions as affecting either the report or
myself; but I was disposed to accommodate my-
self to the wish of the gentleman, as well as to
that of my colleague on, the committee, [Mr.
Cobb,] who has just closed his speech, and who
desired that I should precede him" in the debate.
I i Sir, the bow of the gentleman from South Car-
j olina was drawn, as must be acknowledged, by
| a man of muscle and considerable magnitude,
! at least in a physical sense, but his arrow was
pointless, though poisoned, and fell wide and
short of its mark.
If the gentleman can suppose that I have any
personal, sectional, or partisan purpose to sub-
serve in the course of action which I pursue in
this case, he greatly mistakes me. With two of
the gentlemen implicated—the principal from his
own State, [Mr. Brooks,] and the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Epmundson,] I have long
been upon terms of personal kindness, and some
degree of intimacy. I know of nothing in the
character or conduct of either, apart from the
transaction now under consideration, which does
not command my respect. I feel no spirit of per-
sonal unkindness to any of them. No friend of
theirs can more sincerely regret the transaction,
on their account, than I do.
But, sir, I acknowledge no right in the gentle-
man from South Carolina to call my motives in
question. I know of no title by which he may
" sit on high Olympus to hurl the thunderbolts
of Jove." I act upon my own representative re-
sponsibility aceording to my own convictions of
"duty without accountability to him. A gross and
unparalleled outrage has been committed upon the
