888
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
Constitution of my country; and 1 shall do my
duty, and my whole duty, in regard to it, fearless
of consequences; and while I seek no personal
difficulty with him, or with any other gentleman,
I tell him that, if he means to insinuate, what he
has not had the boldness to avow, that the ma-
jority of the committee in this case are actuated
by the purpose of making party capital, this
charge, so far as it relates to me—and I speak for
no one else—is utterly unfounded in fact. I meet
it with a full and flat denial. _ _ _
And now, sir, I proceed to his criticisms. He
complains that the transaction and its conse-
quences to the assailed are greatly exaggerated;
and his specifications are that the majority have
described the weapon as one of a deadly char-
acter, and the blows as having been indiscrim-
inately dealt at the hazard of the life of the
assailed, and that in stating the extent of the
injury, they have asserted that it endangered his
lite, and that he remained several days in a crit-
ical condition. Such are the statements of the
majority report; and there is nothing in either
of these particulars, that, with my more ma-
tured convictions, I would now choose to miti-
gate.
I impute to Mr. Brooks no murderous purpose;
but I have no hesitation in saying that, in the eye
of the law, the weapon was not only deadly, but
murderous, and that it was wielded in a murder-
ous manner. Will any gentleman, -who claims to
have any knowledge of criminal law, say that
if death had directly ensued on the floor of the
Senate or elsewhere, as the immediate conse-
quence of the blows, the crime would not have
been a homicide, and that homicide a murder?
The crime is not of that heinous character only
because the blows have not proved mortal.
Let us look at the facts of this case. "What
was the weapon? It is called, in the evidence, a
gutta-percha cane; but it is probably known to
most of the House that it was of vulcanized India j
rubber—a composition, of which about three ;
fourths are one of the heaviest of minerals: It was
an inch in diameter at the larger end, five eighths
of an inch at the smaller end, and over three
fourths of an inch at the middle. Hollow, as it
was, (a fact which, if at all important, was prob-
ably not known to Mr. Brooks, and therefore
affords no ground of mitigation,) it weighed not
less than three quarters of a pound, and was
as hard and heavy as hickory or whalebone, and
not less formidable for being hollow.
Such, sir, was the weapon. It was dealt indis-
criminately upon the bare head, and the blows
were repeated, according to the weight of the tes-
timony, from fifteen to twenty times, and accord-
ing to one witness, (Mr.WiNSLOW, of this House,)
and he the only witness whom Mr. Brooks desired
the committee to call on his behalf, at least thirty
times, with all the force of a man in middle life,
over six feet high, and of well developed physical
proportions. Mr. Sumner was stunned and blind-
ed by the first blow. The blows were repeated
upon him, stunned and blinded as he was, and de-
fenseless, till he sank faint, exhausted,paralyzed,
and unconscious, upon the floor of tne Senate.
From two deep wounds upon the head, cut to
the bone, his blood, flowing profusely, formed a
pool upon the carpet where he fell, and saturated
the clothing upon his person. The cane was
broken into fragments in the execution of its
work of revenge. "I struck him a blow across
the head with my cane, and repeated it till I was
satisfied; no one interposed, ana I desisted simply
because I had punished him to my satisfaction.
Such was the language of Mr. Brooks to Senator
Brown, and such as I have given is the brief out-
line of the transaction, without the slightest dis-
tortion or exaggeration, as it appears by the
evidence.
And will it be said, in the face of these incon-
testable facts, that this weapon was not deadly,
and that the blows were not dealt indiscrim-
inately at the hazard of the life of the assailed ?
Sir, we need no evidence that blows thus dealt
were hazardous to life. We need no "doctors"
to tell us that such is the fact. Every man
knows it.
But, sir, the majority of the committee have
not rested upon their own conclusions from these
facts. They had the testimony of witnesses;
and what is their testimony ? I give the state-
ment of Dr. Perry, an eminent physician of Bos-
ton, who happening to be here, was called in
consultation upon this case. He says:
" Any blow received upon the head with a stick of this
kind, which would produce insensibility, is always produc-
tive of danger. If the blows received had been inflicted
upon any portion of the head where the bone is thinner, of
course the danger would have been increased. Any blow
received upon any part of "the head with sufficient force to
cut through the scalp down to the bone, I must say would
be attended with a great deal of danger to life, not only by
producing concussion of the brain, but erysipelas might be
very likely to follow. I think that is the danger now. Ery-
sipelas very often causes death, but perhaps it will not
result in that way in this case. Perhaps it may result
favorably."
Dr. Boyle, of this city, who was the first phy-
sician called, says: [
" Tf one of these blows had been on the temple, a rup-
ture of the temple artery might have been the consequence,
and would have produced a pressure of the brain from which
death might have ensued. Wounds of the scalp may be
dangerous in several ways. For instance, erysipelas might
be the consequence. Surgeons generally look upon erysip-
elas as very often causing death from wounds of the scalp."
The doctors do not differ materially on this
point, at any rate.
Another witness, Mr. Darling, the Doorkeeper
of the House, who seems to have had some ex-
perience in the Army in such matters, says:
"The sam* licks on an ordinary skull would have
smashed right through. The Doctor told me they would
have smashed my head right through. The licks were for-
tunately upon the thickest part of the crown. I believe, if
the licks had been struck with half the force on another
part of the head, they would have killed him instantly. If
they had been inflicted lower down on the side of the head,
I believe death would have been the result. I think there
is no doubt of it. I have seen a soldier killed with the end
of a raw-liide struck on the side of his head. He never
breathed."
The point I have now considered is not as to
the possible effect of the wounds or of the blows
actually received in this case, but only as to the
dangerous character in any case of blows indis-
criminately dealt about the head, without heed
of consequences, with the force of these blows.
I rest this point -with what I have said upon it
in connection with the testimony of the two doc-
tors, (Perry and Boyle,) and Mr. Darling.
But the majority of the committee have gone
further: they have said that these wounda were
calculated to endanger the life of Mr. Sumner,
and that he was, in consequence, for several days
in a critical condition. I proceed to this point.
It will be recollected that the assault was commit-
ted on the 22d of May.
I have already shown what Dr. Perry, in his
examination on the 28th of May, said on this
point. I will not repeat it. But he says further:
" I did not suppose, at the time, they would endanger
his life, and I do not think now there is much danger, tip
to yesterday he appeared very comfortable. Still, his ner-
vous system has received such a shock that I told lnm he
should be very careful, or reaction would come on. I dul
not consider, and I so told him, that he had then come to the
crisis. Yesterday afternoon I saw him. He then had a very
hotskin—was in a very excitable condition. His pulse was
over ninety—quite full; a very different state of tilings from
what he had had before. I told him then that reaction was
: coming on, and that he would be able to find out something
: by to-day. Last night he had a very uncomfortable night—
, great pain in the back of his head, especially. The glands
on the back of his neck were beginning to swell. He was
1 quite feverish through the night. This morning they sent
for me, and I met his physician. I did not consider myself
as his physician, and therefore did not prescribe. I met his
physician: we saw that suppuration had taken place in the
wound on the right sideofhishead. The wound hadnearly
: closed over. The physician had the night before applied
: collodion, which prevented the escape of pus. His head
i was hot; his pulse one hundred and four. He Was very
nervous and excited. We opened the wound, and there was
about a table-spoonful of pus discharged, which had gath-
ered under the scalp. Of course he was very much relieved
j from the extreme suffering he had had during the night.
What the result of this state of things will be itis impossible
for me to say, but I think he is not out of danger. I think
! now the case is at the critical period. My own impression
' was that fever would not ensue if he could be kept perfectly
! quiet; but his nervous system had received such a shock
from excitement and from the wounds, that he was in a
critical condition. There had been up to this time very
little reaction, but now he is beginning to feel the result of
it. His whole system is in a state of excitement."
I The testimony of Dr. Boyle substantially con-
| firms that of Dr. Perry; for, though he evidently
desired to create the impression that there had
been and was no danger, he admitted, as I have
shown, that wounds of the scalp may be danger-
ous in several ways; that, forinstance, erysipelas
might be the consequence, and that surgeons gen-
erally look upon erysipelas as very often causing
death from wounds of the scalp. In the state-
ment of Dr. Perry, to which I first referred, he
says that erysipelas might be very likely to fol-
low from such wounds, that it very often causes
death, that such was the danger in this case, and
that it might result favorably or unfavorably ac-
cording to circumstances. Dr. Boyle, speaking
on the 27th of May, in his first examination said,
by way of showing there was no such danger ill
this case, that there was then no erysipelas, and
that the patient had then had no fever. But was
the danger from erysipelas, which he admitted,
over? He did not venture to say so. Nor was
such the fact, if the opinion of Dr. Perry is
worth anything; for he says the danger was not
yet over on the 28th; and on that day Dr. Boyle,
on being recalled, was obliged to admit that there
then was fever, (an immediate cause of ery-
sipelas, as he himself told Mr. Buffinton, of tlus
House, who was examined as a witness, and to
whose testimony I shall again recur,) the pulse
of the patient having then risen in the course of a
single night from eighty-two to one hundred and
three, as Dr. Boyle admits. In fact, the pulse
was as high as ninety, according to Dr. Perry, on
the very afternoon of the day when Dr. Boyle
said it had never been over eighty-two. But, sir,
I cannot dwell on these particulars.
I now confidently ask whether this testimony
does not justify the majority in saying that the
wounds were of a character to endanger life, and
that the Senator was in a critical condition for
several days ?
Without further comment I dismiss the criti-
cisms of the gentleman from South Carolina on
the majority report.
And now I turn upon my adversary, and I re-
tort that there is an evident purpose in the public
press in the South and elsewhere, of the party to
which he belongs, and a desire on his side of the
House, to underrate the extent of the injury in
this case. The wounds are represented as trivial.
The case is treated with levity and facetiousness,
and it is openly asserted that the Senator has
remained, and still remains, absent from his duty
in the Senate unnecessarily, with mere affectation
of serious injury, and for political effect. Sir,
there is no truth, as you know, in this state-
ment.
And who is relied on for the support of this
statement, in the face of the facts proved in this
j case, and the inevitable inferences from these
I facts in the minds of all candid men ? It is the
' highly accomplished and most impartial Dr. Boyle.
Sir, 1 never questioned the general professional
skill or fidelity of Dr. Boyle. I frankly told
him so at the time. I know nothing of them. I
dealt and now deal with him as a witness, and
I was determined to have the truth from him if 1
could get it, and if I could not, to know the why
and the wherefore. And what does he say upon
the point of which I am now speaking? In his
first examination, on the 27th of May, he said,
in answer to my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Cobb,] as I read from the testimony:
" Question, (by Mr. CMbb.) What is your opinion of
these wounds, just as they are ?
" Answer. i look upon them simply as flesh wounds.
" Question. What would you say of the nature of these
wounds?
! " Answer. They are nothing but flesh wounds.
1 " Question. What is your opinion in reference to the
condition of Mr. Sumner ? How long need he be confined
on account of those wounds ?
" Answer. His wounds do not necessarily confine him
on© moment. He would have come to the Senate on Fri-
day, if i had recommended it.
" Question. Could he have come out with safety ?
"Answer. He could have come with safety,asfaras the
wounds were concerned."
Now, sir, I will answer this learned doctor first
by himself. What was he forced to say on the
very next day? I read from his testimony on
that day: „ , , .
" I was called this morning, at about half past nine o clock,
to meet Dr. Perry in consultation. This is the: first time i
have met any medical gentleman ^ , hi , '
Mr. Sumner I found him excited and fcyerish, hi3 pulse
about a hundred • at one time it was a hundred and three,
and at another ninetj^efght, so that it would average about
a hundred." ,
Again: let us see how his first statement be-
fore the committee holds with what he has said
to another witness, (Mr. Buffinton, of the
I' House ) In his answers to my colleague on the
I! committee, he declared, on the 27th, that the
