892
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. op Reps.
In the case of The King vs. Wright, (8 D and
E, 293,) in which John Home Tooke applied
for a criminal information against a bookseller
for publishing a report made by a committee of
the House of Commons, the court declared that !
they would not regard the proceedings of either
House as a libel; and they even went so far as
to refuse the information, on the ground that, as
it was impossible to say that the proceeding of
either House was a libel, and as that was to be
taken as the foundation of the application, the
publication was privileged, though unauthorized
by the House—assimilating the case to that of a
report of the proceedings of a court of justice.
Such, I maintain, is, upon principle, the rule in
this country, and especially so in cases in which
the publications are authorized by law.
Here the publication of the debates and pro-
ceedings of Doth Houses, except when in secret
session, is not only thus privileged but provided
for and authorized by law, at a very large cost to
the public Treasury. It is the act of the Govern-
ment itself. Corps of reporters are employed
and paid by the Government; they are provided
with seats. The Daily Globe, in which the pub-
lication is first made, is laid regularly upon the
tables of the members at public expense, and
a large edition of the Congressional Globe is
printed, published, and circulated over the length
and breadth of the country at the public charge.
Reporters and letter-writers, for various news-
papers published in all parts of the country, are
accommodated with convenient desks, under the
rules of the two Houses, and as demanded by the
spirit of our institutions. The amplest means are
thus provided for the dissemination of the public
debates and proceedings of the two Houses, and
for the diffusion of information as to passing
political events to the widest extent among the
people.
In allusion to the rulings in England upon this
point, Judge Story, after stating the law as it pre-
vails there, says:
" It is proper, however, to apprise the learned reader
that it has been recently denied in Congress by very distin-
guished lawyers, that the privilege of speech and debate does
not extend to publication, and they ground themselves upon
an important distinction arising from the actual differences
between English and American legislation. In the former
the publication of the debates is never strictly lawful, except
by license of the House. In the latter it is a common right,
exercised and encouraged by the direct support of the body.
This reasoning deserves a very serious attention."
The minority, in their report, have referred to
this paragraph from Story; but they have at-
tempted no answer to the reasoning, and all they
have ventured to say of it is this:
" The suggestion of the differences between English and
American legislation on this subject, alluded to by the
learned commentator in the closing paragraph of the fore-
going extract, does not strike our minds with the same force
that it did his, and we pass from the further consideration
of this branch of the subject without giving this distinction
that attentive examination which has been invoked for it."
The minority have preferred to pass upon this
question ex cathedra, when, as it seems to me, it
would have been as well if they had given to the
reasoning against their view of it the " very at-
tentive consideration" which Mr. Justice Story
says it deserves.
1 add, in this connection, the single observation
that, if the publication of the debates and pro-
ceedings of the two Houses are not privileged
by the constitutional provision on which I rely,
without the aid of an act of Congress to authorize
the publication, we have in the action of Congress
to which I have referred all that can be necessary
in that aspect of the case. And will it be con-
tended that, in the courts of justice of this coun-
try , a publication of any debate or proceeding in
either House, made under all these sanctions, and
thus adopted as a part of an established public
policy — and that, too, in accordance with the
spirit of our institutions—may be held to be libel-
ous, and the publisher punished as a common
libeler ? Let us look at this question, and see
what are the consequences of such a doctrine, in
view of the spirit of our institutions and the
policy dictated by it.
Ours is agovernmentof thepeople. The people
are the source of all political-power. In the will
of the people, all political functionaries " live and
move ar.d have their being." It is lor the peo-
ple, as well as by the people, that our institutions
are founded, and its powers are to be exercised
exclusively for their benefit. For these purposes,
all the privileges of political functionaries, as well
as their powers, are created and conferred. What-
ever powers or privileges they possess, as they are
to be exercised and enjoyed for the public good,
should have a liberal interpretation for the promo-
tion of these great ends. It is in vain that the
people have the power of self-government if they i
are without the information and intelligence neces- |
sary to comprehend their rights and interests,
and to know in what manner they are and should [
be protected and advanced. They intrust their ,
rights and interests to their political agents from I
necessity, and it is in vain they do so, if they i
have no means of knowing how the trust is and
ought to be executed. They are scattered over
a wide and still widening expanse of country,
and how is this information to reach them ? It
is manifest that it can reach them in no ade-
quate mode other than by publication in some
form. How else are they to judge of the fitness
and fidelity of their Senators and Representatives,
and how else are they fo form an enlightened
opinion upon public concerns ? Can this inform-
ation reach them in a more authentic and val-
uable form than through the authorized publica-
tion of the debates and proceedings ? Can it
reach them in any form so authentic or val-
uable ? In fact, is not this the only authentic
and valuable form, and is it not indispensable
that they should have it in this mode ?
How is this end to be attained, consistently
with the full freedom of speech and debate, not
less important, if, under the Constitution, and
notwithstanding the leave of each House by rule,
or of both Houses by law, the publication of
such debates and proceedings may rightfully be
held libelous and not protected by the privilege,
if it contains matter that in any ordinary publi-
cation would be held to be libelous? It is ad-
mitted that the privilege was designed to pro-
tect, and does protect, Senators ana Representa-
tives in the ftill freedom of speech and debate,
so long as merely spoken against actions for
defamation under all circumstances, however
aggravated,and this upon the principle of sound
public policy. If it be sound public policy to do
this, why is it not, in the light in which I have
presented the subject, sound policy to extend the
privilege to publication ?
If such is not the effect of the Constitution,
even with the aid of rules and laws, then one of
two consequences must follow; either the publi-
cation of full debates and proceedings must be
superseded, or the full freedom of speech and
debate, which the Constitution was designed to
protect, as is admitted on all sides, must t>e cur-
tailed. Senators and Representatives must wholly
forego the benefit of the privilege, for it is worth
nothing as a privilege except for protection in
what would otherwise be unprotected, to shield
j the publisher, or the publisher must either entirely
suspend the publication, emasculate the debates,
and publish them in part, or go on at the hazard
[ of damages. Congress cannot, of course, in-
i demnify him in doing that which they have no
right to authorize him to do. They cannot as-
! sume to authorize an unconstitutional act, and
1 then take the public money to indemnify, the per-
son who executes it. In any event, upon this
hypothesis, the privilege is shorn of its beneficent
policy, and in an essential element of its value is
virtually a nullity.
j What effect is to be attributed to the action of
j the two Houses in authorizing the publication of
j debates and proceedings, whether acting inde-
I pendently of each other, by the making of rules,
f or together, as the Congress, in the enactment of
! laws ? If such action may not operate in aid of
the privilege, what then ? Is it to defeat the priv-
| ilege, and by authorizing the publication, to di-
| vest all debates and proceedings of the constitu-
i tional privilege whicn attaches to them ? Can it
i be that a rule of either House, or an act of Con-
gress, deriving its own validity from the Consti-
tution, may thus overturn the Constitution ? Is
it true that any such action, authorizing the pub-
lication of debates and proceedings, may right-
fully be held to supersede the protection which
the Constitution was intended to secure beyond
the power of legislation? And is a member,
whose individual and personal privilege it is, to
be deprived of it without his own consent, by
means over which he has no control, and thus
subjected, without constitutional redress, to dam-
ages, and to the cudgel? If there be really any
such conflict, rather let it be said that such rules
or acts of Congress are themselves unconstitu-
tional, under this rule of construction; and let
i the courts so adjudicate in affirmance and defense
of this great elementary principle of liberty,
rather than that this principle, guarantied as a
great popular right, shall be subject to be de-
feated by the caprice or power of either House,
or of both Houses, or by any other tribunal.
I do not wish to be misunderstood on this
point. In view of the law of libel, as it existed
at common law, at the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, all I contend for is, that the publication of
the debates and proceedings of the two Houses of
Congress, made by them, or by their direct
authority, must be placed upon the ground of a
privileged communication; that no malice can be
lawfully inferred from it; that, as it is the act of
the Government, it cannot be the basis of a suit or
! prosecution for libel; and that the publisher, as
the agent of the Government, is entitled to the
same protection. If such publication embraces a
speech which a member has made, it embraces
that which it whs the privilege of the member to
make, as a part of the proceedings of the House
to which he belongs; and of which, as such, no
slander or libel can be predicated. I do not assert
that, if any person not so authorized shall, for a
1 malicious purpose, in contemplation of the law
of libel, publish, in whole or in part, such debates
or proceedings, whether previously published by
authority or not, may not be held responsible for
: his own act of publication. On the contrary, I
freely admit that he may.
I am glad to be able to say, that the rule con-
i tended for on the other side has never received,
to the extent asserted, the sanction of ahy English
tribunal.
In the case of The King vs. Lord Abingdon,
in 1795, (1 Esp., N. P. C., 228,) the defendant
' had accused his attorney of improper conduct in
his profession, in a speech delivered in the House
of Lords, which he afterwards had printed and
published at his own expense.
In the case of The King vs. Creevey, to which
I have already referred, the defendant had sent
a corrected report of his speech in the House
of Commons, to the editor of a Liverpool paper,
with the request that he would publish it in his
paper.
In both cases the publications were held to be
libels; but in each the publication was the direct
act of the defendant, and against the rules of the
i House to which he belonged, and, therefore, a
i breach of privilege, as every such publication
still is, (in theory, at least,) without the consent
of the House.
! The doctrine of these cases, in its fullest extent,
is, that the Hiember loses his privilege as against
civil or criminal proceedings by his own unau-
thorized act, and that the House cannot protect
him in it as against such proceedings; but it is
nowhere asserted, nor does it follow es a neces-
sary or reasonable inference, that, if he shall be
assaulted and beaten, the House, in such a case,
may not or ought not to assert its privilege to
punish the assailant, nor that, if the publication
be made by others than himself, whether author-
ized by the House or by law, or not, he shall
lose his privilege either as against civil and crim-
inal proceedings, or any other species of assault.
The case of Stockdale vs. Hansard, to which I
have referred, went no further than to declare
1 that publications of its proceedings made under
the authority of one House, for sale and general
circulation, without an act of Parliament to au-
thorize them, were not so covered by parliament-
ary privilege as that the publishers were thereby
protected from civil or criminal proceedings for
libel, if the published proceedings contained de-
famatory matter. ...
The decision in this case created great public
1 excitement throughout England. It was regarded
by very many enlightened statesmen and lawyers
as against precedent and principle. A conflict
1 ensued between the House of Commons and the
Court of dueen's Bench—the former asserting
