894
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
except in this House. It is obvious, from a sim-
ple examination of the constitutional provision
already recited, declaring the personal privilege
of Senators-and Representatives from arrest,
that the Senate can have no such power. The
protection of Senators and Representatives from
arrest extends invariably and absolutely to all
cases, except treason, felony, and breach of the
peace. Neither House has jurisdiction of a
breach of the peace to nomine, nor, as such, in
its recognized character, as a public wrong in con-
templation of the .Constitution. A breach of the
peace is a public offense known to the criminal
law, and, as such, is punishable under the criminal
law, and no person guilty of a breach of the peace
is amenable as such therefor to either House of
Congress. It mayor may not amount to a breach
of privilege, or an act of disorderly behavior, in
contemplation of the Constitution. If it does, it
will be punished as a breach of the peace under
the criminal law, and as a breach of privilege, or
act of disorderly behavior, by the House having
jurisdiction over it as such. In this case, there-
fore, the personal privilege of the offender from
arrest extends to protect him from arrest by the 1
Senate as fully, to all intents and purposes, as it i j
does from arrest, under all circumstances, for any j,
offense other than treason, felony, and breach of >:
the peace. The Senate could have jurisdiction over
him, if at all, for this offense, only as a breach of
its privileges, and not for a breach of the peace.
To use the language of the report of the Senate
committee:
"The Senate ia not a court of criminal jurisdiction, em-
powered to try the excepted offenses. It cannot take cog-
nizance of a breach of the peace as such. It cannot take
any notice of it, except as a breach of its privileges, and in
this character it is one of the cases in which the privilege
of arrest is excepted."
As pertinent to this point, and also to the point
of power to punish the act in this case as a breach
of privilege, I take a passage from the case of
Coffin vs. Coffin, already referred to:
" Let me illustrate the subject by supposing a case or two.
a member is assaulted iu the town in which the House is
in session, and is cruelly beaten for words spoken in the
House in the execution of Ins duty. The House may pro-
ceed against the assailant for a contempt, and cannot the
member prosecute him at law for damages ! And may not
the grand jury indict him for a breach of the peace ? And
neither can the proceedings of a court of law control the
Sroceedings of the House, nor can the proceedings of the
[ouse control the courts of law. The judgments of each
court, whatever may be the result, can be executed without
any interference. Suppose a public officer, indicted for
extortion, and upon trial acquitted at law; cannot he after-
wards be convicted by the Senate on an impeachment?
Both judgments may be executed without interference.
The courts of law proceed to punish the offender, and he is
acquitted. The power of the Senate is censorial, and exer-
cised to preserve purity in office. If it should be supposed
that the Senate cannot proceed after an acquittal at law, it
should be remembered that, by the express provision of the
Constitution, courts of law may proceed after a conviction
in Senate; and in the proceedings at law, the jury may
acquit, and it could not have been intended to place the
Senate as subordinate to a court of law. The true design
of that provision was a mere cautionary declaration, that
the proceedings in the Senate were not to punish offenders
against the State, but for a different end. And I would
add that, in the present case, if the House of which the
defendant was a member had proceeded against the plaintiff
for contempt in suing this action, whatever had been the
result of its proceedings, this court could not have inter-
fered or granted any relief until the sentence had been per-
formed. And as this judgment could not have affected
those proceedings, so neither could those proceedings have
controlled the authority of this court. Tiie two courts are
independent, and have each exclusive cognizance of the
matters within its jurisdiction; and although the trans-
action animadverted on may be the same, yet the proceed-
ings are for different purposes, and the judgment of both
courts may be executed without any interference. There
cannot, therefore, be any conflict ot juriridicuoii."
The distinction between a breach of the peace,
and a breach of privilege, is here clearly recog-
nized; and each offense is referred to the appropri-
ate tribunal or jurisdiction for punishment. If the
breach of privilege in this case, as it respects the
Senate, had been committed by one of its own
members, that body would have had jurisdiction
to punish it, and so of this House, under like
circumstances. The power of each House to
punish its own members implies, of necessity,
the power in each to arrest them; and the pro-
vision which exempts members from arrest, ex-
cept for treason, felony, and breach of the peace,
must stand with, and be held subject to, the qual-
ification or exception made by the provision that
subjects members to punishment by their own
Houses respectively. Beyond this «there is no
qualification; and the exemption from arrest is
absolute, except in the named cases of treason,
felony, and breach of the peace; and from this
exemption follows, as a necessary consequence,
the absolute denial of jurisdiction or power in
one House to punish a member of the other.
And again: the Constitution declares that" each
House may determine the rule of its proceedings,
punish its members for disorderly behavior,
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a
member." It will be seen by this provision that
it confers the power to punish a member of either
House for disorderly behaviour, upon the House
to which he belongs, and by necessary implication
denies it to the other. If the assault in this case
was an act of disorderly behavior in contemplation
of the Constitution as I contend, and shall endeavor
to show is the fact, then it is clear, by the very
terms of the Constitution, that the power to pun-
ish in this case is in this House alone, and not
in the Senate. I contend, therefore, that upon
both of the provisions of the Constitution to which
I have referred, that which exempts members
from arrest, except in the named cases, and that
which confers the power to punish members for
disorderly behavior upon the House kto which
they belong respectively  it may be safely affirmed,
as a constitutional principle, that the Senate has
not, and that the House has, the jurisdiction to
punish in this case.
But the inability of the Senate to punish in this
case stands on still another ground—a ground of
public policy—founded upon the propriety of
maintaining a good understanding and corre-
spondence between the two Houses, and the inde-
pendence of each, as a public necessity for the
transaction of the public business; and this, too,
is in itself a ground on which the power of this
House to punish in this case may be maintained,
and by wnich the duty to do so is strongly in-
forced.
Hatsel, in his Precedents, states, as the result
of a long current of precedents and authority in
the British Parliament, as follows:
" The leading principle which appears to pervade nil the
proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament is, that there
shall subsist a perfect equality with respect to each other;
and that they shall be, in every respect, totally independent
one of the other. From hence it is that neither House can
claim, much less exercise, authority over a member of the
other; but, if there is any ground of complaint against an
act of the House itself, against any individual member, or
against any of the officers of either House, this complaint
ought to be made to that House of Parliament where the
offense is charged to be committed; and the nature and
mode of redress or punishment, if punishment is necessary,
must be determined upon and inflicted by them. Indeed,
any other proceeding would soon introduce disorder and
confhsion, as it appears actually to have done in those
instances where both Houses, claiming a power inde-
pendent of each other, have exercised that power upon the
same subject, but with different views and contrary pur-
pose."—(3 Hatsel, 61, 69.)
" Wc see, from the several precedents above cited, that
neither House of Parliament can take upon themselves
any breach of privilege offered to them by any member of
the other House; but that, in such cases, the usual mode of
proceeding is to examine into the fact, and then to lay a
statement of that evidence before the House of which the
person complained of is a member."—(.Ibid., 63.)
Mr. Jefferson, in his Manual, lays down the
following rule:
" Neither House can exercise any authority over a mem-
ber or officer of the other, but should complain to the House
of which he is ajpiember, and leave the punishment to
them."
Upon the same point, Mr. Cushing, in his
recent most valuable work on the law and prac-
tice of legislative assemblies, says:
" In order to the efficient action of Parliament, as a col-
lective body to which the concurrence of all its members is
necessary, nothing is or can be more essential than the
existence of harmony and a good correspondence among
the several branches. In order to insure these desirable
objects, it is necessary that each branch should respectively
abstain from every proceeding inconsistent with the priv-
ileges of either House; that the members of the two Houses
should respectively abstain from all offensive and unpar-
liamentary remarks, either in debate or in any other par-
liamentary proceeding, of or towards the other, or its mem-
bers ; and that the two Houses should extend to each other
and their members respectively all the accustomed courte-
sies and civilities which aredue from one equal to another.
" It may be added, as essential to a good correspondence
between the several branches, that when a member, officer,
or servant of either, has been guilty of any offense, either
agaiust the other House, or against its members, which
would be punishable by the latter if committed by one of its
own members, officers, or servants, it is the duty of the
House to which such offender belongs, upon being apprised
of the fact, to take proper measures to inquire into and
punish th« offense in a proper manner.(Cuthing, 289.)
But it is needless to multiply citations.
If, then, the assault in this case is to be pun-
ished at all, whether as a breach of privilege.or
an act of disorderly behavior—if, indeed, there
be such a distinction—it is, for the reasons I have
now submitted, founded as well upon the con-
struction of the language of the Constitution as
upon considerations of public policy, to be pun-
ished only by this House.
The question, then, is,can it be constitutionally
and lawfully punished by this House ?
I insist that it may; and in the first place, that
it may be punished as an act of disorderly beha-
vior.
I have already recited the provision of the Con-
stitution which confers upon each House the
Eower to punish its members for disorderly be-
avior, and it is under that provision that I claim
the power. It will be seen by an examination of
this clause, that the Constitution has not under-
taken to define the acts of disorderly behavior for
which either House may punish its members, nor
the measure of punishment, except when it reaches
to expulsion, and that each House possesses the
power independently of the other, it being for that
purpose, " a law unto itself." It judges of the act,
and metes out the punishment, even to the extent
of expulsion, subject to no rule but the clause of
the Constitution which grants the power, and to
no control other than its own discretion. That
this discretion should be well regulated and ex-
ercised upon sound principles, all will admit; but
it is not the less true that this discretion exists,
and is absolute and unlimited in terms in each
House. To assert, as is done in this case, that
an act of Congress, or a fixed rule of proceeding,
is necessary to define, in advance, the acts of dis-
orderly behavior punishable under this clause, or
to declare the measure of punishment for each
offense, would be to confront an unbroken line
of precedents, not only in this country from the
period of independence, and that, too, in both
Houses of Congress, since the adoption of the
Constitution, but from time immemorial in the
parliamentary history of England—to affirm
the necessity of that which is, in the nature of
things, an utter impossibility; for the subject of
the power, in its infinite diversity, is incapable
of precise definition or specifications. And if
an act of Congress be necessary to authorize or
regulate, or as a prerequisite, in any way, to the
exercise of the power, either House may defeat
the other in the use and enjoyment of a function
necessary to, and given for, the preservation of
its own existence, and the execution and vindica-
tion of its own orders, by refusing to concur in
the necessary legislation.
In the exercise of this power each House is,
and must of necessity be, independent of the
other, not only by force of the terms of the Con-
stitution, which grants the power to each dis-
tinctively, but from the nature and purposes of
the power. An act of disorderly behavior, as is
the case of every breach of privilege, is in the
nature of and in fact a contempt, and as inca-
pable of definition or specifications as that class of
offenses known under the general denomination
of contempts, and which, because incapable of
definition, are left undefined, except as adjudged
by the courts having the power to punish tnem in
the cases as they anse. We have an act of Con-
fress which declares that the courts of the United
tates shall have power to punish contempts; but
Congress has nowhere attempted the impracti-
cable task of defining or describing the acts which
constitute offenses of that character, though it has
in some measure limited the cases to which the
power may be applied. What shall constitute an
act of disorderly conduct, and what shall be its
punishment, except in the case of expulsion, are
left to the sound discretion of each House for
itself, as are contempts to the courts, to be regu-
lated by established and reasonable principles and
precedents known to parliamentary law in the
one case, and to the common law, except as re-
strained or regulated by statute, in the other. It
is evidentithat such was the design of the framers
of the Constitution. What, then, is an act of
disorderly behavior, in the sense of the Constitu-
tion? I shall not attempt the impracticable task
of precise definition or specification; but I think
it may be safely affirmed that any act of a mem-
