896
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
expressly conferred to punish disorderly behavior,
as a full find ample grant of the means of exert-
ing all the usual disciplinary authority, exerted
by parliamentary bodies, over their members for
irregular conduct, whether regarded as breaches
of privilege, disorderly behavior, or contempts.
But if it be said that, admitting it to be a breach
of privilege, it is distinguishable from an act of
disorderly behavior, in the. sense of the Consti-
tution, and, therefore, not punishable, as such,
under the express grant of power to punish acts
of that character, my answer is, that the House
has the inherent power, by implication, under
the Constitution, to punish it as a breach of priv-
ilege, eo nomine.
I shall have nothing to say, in this connection,
in support of the position that the assault was a
breach of privilege, and that it can be punished
only in this House, and not in the Senate, except
to show the necessity for the possession of the
power, which, I admit, is the only basis on which
it can be maintained.
There are three modes known in the English
law for proving the existence of a parliamentary
privilege: 1. By the necessity of it. 2. By long
usage. 3. By long acquiescence. In this coun-
try the existence of congressional privilege can be
proved- only by the necessity of it as derived by
implication from the Constitution. I shall not
rely upon usage or acquiescence except for the
force tney give by confirmation, and for the pur-
pose of construction to the argument drawn from
necessity. Of course I do not insist that the par-
liamentary law of privilege known in England is
the derivative source of the privileges for which I
contend. I assert no more for that law than that
it was in the contemplation of the framers of the
Constitution, and that in the framing of that in-
strument these principles and precedents were
looked to and designed to be applicable as means
of construction and interpretation, for the ascer-
tainment of congressional privileges, and the pow-
ers of the two Houses to punish breaches of those
privileges. Of the privileges known as parlia-
mentary privileges, but few are expressly granted
by the Constitution. It was not the purpose of the
Constitution to enact a general code of laws, nor
to enter upon precise definitions or limitations of
power beyond what was necessary in the execu- ,
tion of the design to create a government with
limited powers for limited purposes, and to inter-
dict abuses which the history of unlimited and
arbitrary governments have shown to be danger-
ous to the public welfare. They were under the
necessity to leave much to construction; and it
will not be denied that it is proper and necessary
to resort to principles, precedents, and institu-
tions established before the adoption of the Con-
stitution as means of construction and implication.
The propriety of this course has often been as-
serted by the Supreme Court of the United States,
and the necessity of it is absolute in very many
cases of the highest importance in regard not only
to personal rights, but high political functions.
How else are the rights of habeas corpus, trial by
jury, and protection against ex post facto laws, to
"be ascertained, but by reference to the principles .
of the common law, as known at the adoption of 1
the Constitution, and which the framers of the ]
Constitution must have contemplated as rules of
construction? Indeed, in regard to trial by jury,
has it not been expressly declared that " no fact
tried by a jury shall be otherwise reexamined in
any court of the United States, than according to
the rules of the common law ?" And so the Con-
stitution creates a Supreme Court, and grants to
Congress the power to create other courts. But
how do we learn what is meant by a court but
by reference to the common law—to existing
institutions, known at the adoption of the Con-
stitution? And how do these courts, which are the
mere creatures of the Constitution, or of acts of
Congress, authorized by the Constitution, derive
the power to punish for contempts but from the
Constitution as the original source of their power?
And where is this power of any of those courts, |
or even of the Supreme Court, which it expressly |
creates, asserted in the Constitution ? Where is I
the authority of Congress to grant this power to
these courts asserted in the Constitution? No-
where, expressly, in any of these cases. _ The
answer is, that all these come wholly from impli-
cation. The power possessed at common law by
a court to punish for contempt is implied in the
creation of the court from the necessity of the
power to its self-protection and self-preservation,
and as inherent in its existence—a principle of
the common law well known by the framers of
the Constitution. In the creation of the Supreme
Court, and the authority given to Congress to
create other courts, the framers of the Constitu-
tion contemplated courts similar in their charac-
ter and attributes to those known to them pos-
sessing this common law power; and it is only
by implication, therefore, that the Constitution
grants to these courts the power in question.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
expressly ruled that this is the source of the
power in the cases of the courts of the United
States; that the power is inherent as a necessity
of their being; and that the creation of a court
under the Constitution implies, upon the princi-
ples of the common law, the existence of the
power. Upon this principle—the principle of
necessity—I assert the general power of the two
Houses of Congress, as against all other persons,
as well as members, to punish for contempt,
breaches of privilege, and disorderly behavior,
whether regarded as one and the same thing in
their essence or not, and independently of any
express grant. Such is the express decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, triumph-
antly maintained by argument in the case of
Anderson vs. Dunn, (6 Wheaton, 2()4,)in which
-it was held that a person not a member of the
House was amenable to it for having offered a
bribe to one of its members, the chairman of a
committee, by letter out of the House.
The grant of power to punish members for dis-
orderly behavior should not be taken as exclud-
ing, by implication, the power to punish others
than members, and such is the ruling in the case
of Anderson «s. Dunn. The same principle is
asserted by other writers as a proper rule of
interpretation in such cases. Cushing, in his
work, says:
" The express enumeration of certain of these incidental
powers and privileges in a constitution by which a legis-
lative department is established in general terms, cannot
be considered as the exclusion of others not named, unless
negative terms, or words equivalent thereto, are used; such
affirmative enumeration being merely out of abundant cau-
tion, and its only effect to place the subject of it beyond
legislative control or interference."—(Cushing, 221.)
We may find, in the anomaly of our Federal
Government or system, an adequate reason for
affirming the power of the two Houses to punish
their members for disorderly behavior, and to
expel them. The Federal Government is a gov-
ernment for special purposes of States, which, for
all other purposes, are independent of each other.
The Senators represent more especially the State
sovereignties, and the Representatives more es- .
pecially the people of the States; and it might
have been doubted, but for the express terms of ]
the Constitution, whether either House had the ;
power to exercise any disciplinary power over its |
members. This doubt, though it scarcely can have
been serious, is fully removed by the express
frant of the power, and no member may throw
imself upon the reserved rights of his State for ,
immunity from necessary discipline. This sort !
of doubting has led to a question, whether the Vice
President, as President of the Senate, has the in- J
herent power to call and preserve order as the
presiding officer of the Senate; and it has been ;
repeatedly declared that he has no such power,
unless he shall derive it from an express rule; but
Vice President Fillmore, with that sound practi-
cal sense which distinguishes him, repudiated
such doubt, and declared his purpose to enforce
order while he occupied the chair of that body. ;
The exercise of the power to punish, for which
I contend, must, of course, be limited and con-
trolled by the reason for its creation; that is to
say, the necessity of its existence for the self-
protection and self-preservation of the body by
which it is claimed. This power is not expressly
f ranted, except as to members, and then only, as
have said, to punish for disorderly behavior;
and if this power exists, it is by implication.
If it exists as to members, and is not to be found
in the power to punish for disorderly behavior, it
exists as to them only by implication. And will
it be denied that this necessary power does exist, |
because not expressly granted upon the ground
that it cannot be implied ? I beg to call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to another rule of construction.
Cushing, in his work from which I have already
largely quoted, says:
" It may be laid down as the first rule on this subject,
that the establishment, in general terms, of a legislative
department, is cciuivalentto an express grant, to each branch
composing it, of all the powers and privileges which are
necessarily incident to a legislative assembly."—(Cushing.
221.)
And such is the common-law principle uni-
versally appliable to grants both as to public and
private rights. The grant of a thing carries with
it the grant of every other thing necessary to its
enjoyment. But enough of this.
The necessity contemplated is not simply a
physical or an absolute necessity. All those
rights and immunities which are essential to en-
able the members to assemble and to remain to-
gether for the purposes of their creation, and each
and all of them to give their personal attention to
their appropriate official duties, to protect them in
the full, free, and uninterrupted enjoyment of the
rights of speech, debate, deliberation, decision,
and action, in regard to all subjects intrusted to
their discretion and integrity, for the use and bene-
fit of the people, and to guard the exercise of the
powers thus conferred upon members from tempt-
ation, abuse, and dereliction, by fraud, and appre-
hension of danger, by force, may be claimed upon
the ground of necessity. In some of the States
these powers are expressly granted to their legis-
lative bodies, in such terms as these: " They
shall have all other powers necessary for the
Legislature of a free and sovereign State;" and
is it possible that, in the absence of such an
express declaration, the two Houses of Congress
—the great legislative department of this Con-
federacy of sovereign States, open as they are to
assaults, are impotent for defense ? Mr. Madison,
one of the most intelligent of the framers of the
Constitution and one of its chief defenders, when
that instrument was still awaiting the ratifica-
tion of the people, expressly affirms that the two
Houses, and each for itself, has this power from
necessity by implication. He so expressly af-
firmed in debate, in the case of Whitney, for an
attempt to bribe a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, though he doubted the propriety of
its exercise in that particular case. The doctrine,
that this power is inherent in every legislative
body where there are two coordinate branches,
and in each independently of the other, is as old
as the common law, and affirmed by the invariable
decisions of the English courts, and by Kent,
Story, Rawle, Cushing, and a host of other ele-
mentary writers, and by several decisions of our
own courts, and never once denied in any legal
tribunal in England or the United States.
! In claiming this power, I do not wish to be
i understood as asserting that the entire body of
i the English parliamentary law and precedents is
in force under the Constitution, either as to all
1 the classes of cases to which they have been made
to apply, or as to the means of vindication. It
is not from this parliamentary law, but the Con-
stitution, that the power is derived; and all I
claim is, that the Constitution contemplated that
law, as then existing, and designed that it should
be looked to for principles and precedents, and
that such only of these should be enforced as are
consistent with this rule of necessity, out of which
the power arises, as I have explained it, and the
spirit of our institutions. This admission re-
lieves me from the task of answering the objec-
tions so warmly urged against particular pre-
cedents, which are, I readily confess, justly ob-
; noxious to the severest criticism. Of the fitness
; and propriety of these principles and precedents,
each House for itself is to judge, subject to their
responsibility to the people, who may be safely
trusted to hold in check all excesses and abuses.
No apprehensions need be entertained of excess
or abuse while immediate responsibility to the
people and frequent elections, with a vigilant ana
free press, are fixed institutions of the Govern-
ment. No such excess or abuse has as yet oc-
curred.
I shall not undertake to carry out these views
to practical results by way of specifications. It
is sufficient for my purpose to show that this case
presents one of those breaches of privilege
