1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
34th Cong 1st Sess.
The Privateer System—Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.
Ho. op Reps.
which, under the rule for which I contend, is**
clearly within the power of the House. The
thoughts I have already.presented are sufficiently
suggestive of the argument by which I should
geek to demonstrate this proposition, if further
illustration or reasoning were necessary. 1 shall
not pursue this point any further than to state
what I understand to be the general principles,
as they may be said to prevail in this country,
and to refer to some of the precedents in support
of them—"The clear and written law—the deep-
trod footmarks of ancient customs."
The precedents of bad eminence on this sub-
ject in England had been mostly repudiated at the
adoption of the Constitution. The state of par-
liamentary privileges at that time may be derived
from the four Jieads of breaches laid down by
May:
" X. Disobedience to general orders or rules of either
House. 2. Disobedience to particular orders. 3. Indigni-
ties offered to the character or proceedings of Parliament.
4. Assaults or interference with members in the discharge
of their duty, or reflections upon their character or conduct
in Parliament."—(May.)
"With the limitations already suggested, I main-
tain that this is now the state of the law of priv-
ileges here under the Constitution, as applicable
to Congress. The fraraers of the Constitution
saw nothing in these principles to demand any
interposition by way of express prohibition or
limitation except such as is found in the instru-
ment. They saw fit to define, and thus impliedly
to limit, the petsonal privileges of members of the
two Housa^to freedom from arrest, except in the
prescribed cases, and from Being called in question
for any speech or debate in either House. Be-
yond this, the Constitution imposes no limitation
as to the nature or the power of either House to
punish breaches of privilege, except as to its own
members; the reason of which exception I have
already given. I shall abstain from the citation
of English precedents, and confine myself wholly
to those of our own Congress, affirming the fol-
lowing principles:
1. That either House has jurisdiction to punish
breaches of its privileges, independently of any
enabling act of Congress, and by virtue of its in-
herent power under the Constitution'.
2. That each House has this power, as against
its own members.
3. That each House has this power, as against
persons not its members.
4. That it is a breach of privilege to offer a
bribe to a member of Congress in his official
capacity. (Cases of Randall, 1st session 4th Con-
gress; and Anderson, 1st session 15th Congress.)
5. That it is a breach of privilege for a member
of one House to give or bear a challenge to a
member of the other. (Case of Gunn, first ses-
sion Fourth Congress.)
6. That it is a breach of privilege for one mem-
ber to commit violence or indecency upon the per-
son of another, in the presence of either House,
while sitting. (Case of Lyon, second session
Fifth Congress.)
7. That itisa breach of privilege for a publisher
of a newspaper to libel either House. (Case of
Duane, first session Sixth Congress.)
8. That it is a breach of privilege for a magig?
trate to issue a warrant, antf eause the arrest of
the Sergeant-at-Arms of either House for an act
done in the enforcement of its rules under its
authority. (Case of District Magistrate, second
Bession Sixth Congress.)
9. That itis a breach of privilege for any mem-
ber to violate secrecy imposed by either House.
(Case of Rounsev&ll, 1st session 12th Congress.)
10. That it is a breach of privilege for a wit-
ness to refuse to give testimony before a commit-
tee of either House. (Same case.)
11. That it is a breach of privilege for any per-
son to assault a member of either House in the
Capitol during a session of Congress. (Case of
Coles, second session Eleventh Congress.)
son
12. That it is a breach of privilege for any per-
n to assault a member of either Hou
ousein Wash-
ington during a session of Congress. (Case of
Houston, firstsession Twenty-Second Congress.)
13. That it is a breach of privilege for members
of either House to engage in a personal collision
in the presence of the House, while sitting.
(Case of Lyon and Griswold, second session
Fifth Congress.)
New Series—No. 57.
14. That it is a breach of privilege of either
House for any person to assault a messenger of
the President in the Capitol, charged with a mes-
sage to the House. (Case of Jams, first session
Twentieth Congress.)
15. That it is a breach of privilege for any
person to shoot at a member in the Capitol, and
missing fire to shoot one of the Capitol police.
(Case of Moore, first session Twenty-Eighth Con-
; gress.)
j 16. That it is a breach of privilege for any per-
son to beat or insult a member of either House
in the city where Congress is in session, for
words spoken in debate. (Cases of Captain
McKnight, first session Sixth Congress; and
Houston, first session T wenty-Second Congress.)
These principles and precedents will suffice to
show the state of the law of privileges as asserted
by the two Houses of Congress. There are many
other cases, but they are only in affirmance of the
same principles as 1 have already stated. This
case is clearly within them. And here 1 leave
the question of power with the single remark,
that whether this case be regarded as presenting
a case of disorderly conduct, or a breach of priv-
ilege, as distinguishable from disorderly conduct,
the power to punish is ample in the mode pro-
posed.
Shall this punishment be Inflicted ? This is the
only question that now remains, and I shall dis-
pose of it in a few words. 1 shall hot again enter
upon the disgusting details of the disgraceful
transaction. 1 have no taste for them, and turn
from the contemplation with loathing. If, in the
course of my remarks, I have said anything seem-
ingly too severe, let it be attributed to the just in
dignation I feel for the act, and not to personal
unkindness towards the perpetrator. The time
will come, if it has not already, when he even
will have his deep regrets. He is yet to meet a
Judge in a more dread tribunal than this; and
will he go there with bloody hands and plead his
" representative duty" in mitigation of his crime,
and ask for mercy without repentance? No!
sir, no! He that would have mercy let him be
merciful.
But what is the character of this offense ? He
has assaulted a Senator in his seat in the Senate;
not while that body was in session, it is true, for
they had adjourned, and the pall of death en-
shrouded its Chamber. The dread messenger had
summoned a respected member of this House
"to that bourn from whence no traveler returns;"
and the arches and columns surrounding the Sen-
ator, all unconscious of danger, were still vocal
with the echoes of friendly eulogy. But this was
not enough to still the spirit of revenge. The
blows were struck, and the fiendish spirit was
appeased in ghastly wounds and the bloody issue.
A Senator of a sovereign State was cloven down in
the discharge of his duty, and in violation of a
privilege guarantied to him by that Constitution
which the assailant had solemnly sworn to sup-
port. That State has now been deprived of the
services of her Senator for more than six weeks,
and when he may be able to return to his duties,
if ever, is yet in the womb of time. And shall an
act like this escape the severest condemnation of
which this House is capable? Every consideration
of peace, decency, good order, safety, and public !
policy, forbid it. It is not too much to say, that!
the eyes of the Christian and civilized world are t
upon us. Let us not disappoint its just expec- ]
tations. !
I have confined myself, in the discussion of
this subject, wholly to the act of the principal in
the transaction. Of the others I have only to say,
that the evidence of their complicity was of such
a character, that, for one, I felt it to be my duty
to advise the House to express its disapprobation
of their conduct. I shall not stop to examine
the evidence on which this recommendation is
based. In regard to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I have to express my regret that it was |
upon his own testimony the committee were con- )
strained to base their recommendation. I certainly j I
should not have consented to call him before the j j
committee if I had supposed he was involved
culpably in the transaction. He is a lawyer, and
knew that he was not bound to criminate himself,
and ought to have known the effect of the testi-
mony he was to giv« in regard to it. If the Home
shall think he ought not to be condemned solely
on his own statement, I shall.cheerfully acquiesce;
but 1 feel that, as a member of the committee, 1
had no alternative but to present his case for the
action of the House in the form of the recommend-
ation before it. If he, or the other gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.J has any explana-
tion to make of his conduct, 1 shall be most
happy to hear it; and T\o one will be more grati-
fied than myself if ihey shall be able so to explain
their participation as to relieve themselves from
censure.
Mr. Speaker, I am done. Whatever may be
the determination of the House, I shall have the
satisfaction to know, that to the best of my poor
judgment and ability 1 have done my duty.
THE PRIVATEER SYSTEM.
SPEECH OF HON. TIMOTHY DAVIS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives, •
July 23, 1856,
On the bill to grant bounty land to the Officers and Crews
of rrivateer Vessels engaged in the various wars of tlia
United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said: I have
not risen for the purpose of speaking upon any
political topic, nor do I now desire to occupy the
time of the committee for a longer period than is
necessary for a fair statement of facts in connec-
tion with the matter which I have in my mind,
and to the consideration of which I wish to direct
the attention of gentlemen. The subject which
I am about to present, I may be permitted to say,
is in no respect one of a partisan character, but
one which interests all parties and all sections of
the Union alike—a question of national import-
ance, with no local surroundings rendering it
offensive to any class of our citizens, but one
which commends itself to the care of the people
generally as a measure of patriotism, of grati-
tude, and of equal justice. I shall, therefore,
after these few observations, proceed directly to
my business, without stopping to consider the
importance of manner, for I cannot hope to pro-
duce effect in such distinguished presence beyond
the point which the subject-matter of my remarks
will justify.
In all the legislation of Congress designed to
rewari, or in any way to benefit, that portion of
our citizens who* in times of trial and of neces-
sity, have come forward to aid the cause of the
country, in all the legislation which has made
good the losses accruing to seamen employed on
board Government ships in time of war, in conse-
quence of the necessary destruction or abandon-
ment of captured property—in all which rewards,
soldiers for services on the land, and seamen em-
ployed on national vessels, which has included
in its propositions teamsters of fourteen days'
service, artificers, and servants of soldiers, every
i clas s in fact who ever served in the Army or Navy,
under orders, or by authority, however obscure as
individual actors—in all this legislation you have
failed to recognize the privateersman—these old
patriots—true and no*ble men—the pride of the
nation throughout the war of 1812, and to whom
we are indebted for the first fruits of our most suc-
cessful marine adventures—these men of nerve
and of courage who never looked to the right or
left when there was opportunity to serve their
country, but went directly to the spot indicated
by the finger of necessity, and there stood against
any odds that could be Drought against them, in
defense of the honor of the country.
These old privateersmen you have as yet failed
tp recognize. I do not speak too highly of these
men, but only utter the simple truth, and the
record of the past in the country proves it; and
that they sh ould be forgotten is amazing to them, at
least, and appears unaccountable to all classes who
have noticed with pride the bold and manly and
self-sacrificing manner in which they entered into
the service of the Government. Some months
since I had the honor to report a bill for their
benefit from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which proposes to amend the bounty land act of
1855, so that all officers and seamen employed on
board private armed Teasels regularly commi#-
