900
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Privateer System—MrmDavis, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
her privateers, Hazard, Decatur, Nonpareil,
Mary Ann, Poor Sailor, and the celebrated Saucy |
Jack; Ne w York, GeneraJ Arms trong, Paul Jones,
Teaser, Bunker Hill, Prince, Neufchatel, the last i
named renowned for her desperate and successful
encounter with the British frigate Endymion, off
Nantucket, 14ih October, 1814. Maryland had the
Highflyer, Rossie, Dolphin, Rolla, Comet, Tom,
Globe, and many more; Pennsylvania, the Atlas,
Spencer,Governor McKean, Matilda, and others;
Massachusetts, the America, Madison, Polly,
Dolphin, Jefferson, Orlando, Fair Trader, Lion,
Buckskin, Decatur, and others too numerous to
mention; North Carolina, Snapdragon, and
Lovely Lass. The Spy, of New Orleans; the
Yankee, and Leander, of Rhode Island; the
Thomas, of Portland; and, in fact, all along the
sea-board, privateer vessels were being fitted out,
to the great terror of British merchants. But I
■will go on without further allusion to particular
▼essels, whose exploits ought to be remembered.
Mr. Chairman, during the last war with Eng-
land, our private armed ships did very much
towards conquering a peace. In many cases, our
chips of war engaged British Government ships
of superior force; and, although the whole coun-
try is proud of the record of the successes and
exploits of our naval officers and seamen, and
with one voice we accord to them the highest
honor for bravery and efficiency; still, the im-
mense losses which British subjects were com-
pelled to meet in consequence of the resolute and
daring conduct of our privateersmen did more to
render the war unpopular with the people of
Great Britain than did all and every other influ-
ence combined. This fact was very well under-
stood by our Government, and generally under-
stood by British officers, who al lowed no reason-
able opportunity to escape to visit upon privateer
prisoners the extreme rigor of their mode of
punishment.
The British Admiral Hood, when applied to for
the purpose of procuring an exchange of Ameri-
can prisoners taken out of private armed ships,
refused on the ground that, although he bore to-
wards them no feeling of personal hostility, still
he could not comply with the request, for the rea-
son that our privateers had caused more real in-
jury to the interests of British subjects than had
our Army and Navy combined. By official re-
turns, we see that the number of prisoners taken
by American privateers during the war exceeded
the whole number taken by the national ships on
the lakes and at sea, and nearly equaled the whole
number taken on land. The Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury, in answer to a letter of inquiry ad-
dressed by Mr. Hoffman, chairman of the Naval
Committee, in 1826, gave the whole number of
prisoners captured during the war as fifteen thou-
sand five hundred and eight; of which thernumber
taken on land was five thousand seven hundred
and sixty five; on the lakes, by public armed
vessels, one thousand four hundred and eighty-
five; at sea, by publie armed vessels, two thou-
sand nine hundred and five; by private armed
ships, four thousand eight hundred and forty-
two; and uncertain, five hundred and eleven.
Mr. Chairman, the impression that persons
engaged in the private armed service became rich
in consequence of their success in capturing the
property of British subjects, is not true generally,
individual cases of remarkable success may have
occurred—doubtless there were such cases; but
in no case is it, or can it be made to appear true,
that the crews of such vessels ever got reasonably
repaid for their labor and sacrifices. Such a thing
would be impossible under the rules which gov-
erned parties engaged in this sort of enterprise;
for, let it be remembered, the crews of private
armed vessels were in nowise on an equally ad-
vantageous footing with the officers and men em-
ployed in the regular service. In the latter case,
the men, in addition to their monthly pay from
the Government, received their prize money as
regularly as did the privateersmen; and so care-
ful was the Government upon this point, that on
the occasion of the capture and destruction of the
British frigate Guerriere, by the United States
frigate Constitution, Congress voted a liberal
appropriation as prize money to the officers and
crew of the Constitution, and to other success-
ful American ships the same. The act was
entitled " An act rewarding the officers and crew
of the frigate Constitution, and the officers and
crew of the Wasp," and is as follows:
"Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Reprtientatives
of the United States of America in Congresn assembledt That
the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to have distributed as prize money to Captain
Isaac Hull, of the frigate Constitution, his officers and
crew, the sum of $50,000, for the capture and destruction
of the British frigate Guerriere ; and the like sum in tike
manner to Captain William Bainbridge and his officers and
crew, for the capture and destruction of the British frigate
Java, and the sum of $25,000 in like manner to Captain
Jacob Jones, of the sloop of war Wasp, his officers and
crew, for the capture of the British sloop of war Frolic;
and that th  sum of $123,000 out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, is hereby appropriated
for the purposes aforesaid. Approved, March 3,1813."
On the 13th of July, in the same year, Con-
gress passed an act appropriating §25,000 for the
crew of the ship Hornet, for capturing the British
sloop Peacock, and $12,000 to Lieutenant Elliott
and others, for the destruction of a British brig
on Lake Erie; and on the 18th of April, 1814,
$260,000 to Commodore Perry, his officers and
crew, for the capture of the British fleet on Lake
Erie; and on the 3d of March, 1815, $400,000 to
Commodore McDonough, his officers and crew,
for British fleet on Lake Champlain. On the
28th of February, 1816, Congress voted $25,000
to the crew of sloop Hornet for British sloop
Penguin; on the 20th of April, 1816, $50,000 to
the heirs of the crew of the sloop Wasp, for Brit-
ish sloops Reindeer and Avon; on the 26th of
April, 1816, $25,000 to the crew of the frigate
Constitution, for British ship Levant; and on the
27th of April, 1816, $100,000 to the crew of Com-
modore Decatur's squadron, for Algerine vessels;
and in numerous other cases, and in divers ways,
has Congress interposed its power in behalf of the
officers and men employed on board Government
ships.
' But no such favors were granted to privateers-
men; they were left to meet the fortunes of war,
and base their hopes of reward on the single
chance of their success against the enemy. Their
ships cost the Government nothing; their outfits
and repairs were not paid for out of the Treasury;
their officers and crew received no monthly or
yearly pay from the General Government. Con-
gress did not feel called on to vote them large
sums of money for losses accruing from the sup-
posed necessary destruction of an enemy's ship
which had been captured. The Secretary of the
Navy never had occasion to come to Congress
asking for new appropriations to defray the heavy
expenses consequent on the privateer service;
while we find that gentleman, in his communica-
tion dated February 7, 1813, informing Congress
of a deficit in the appropriations for the Navy,
amounting to upwards of a million of dollars.
The privateersmen got nothing from the Govern-
ment towards manning and equipping their ves-
sels, but entered into the service of their country
actuated by the highest motives of patriotism,
and guided by the hope of meeting, at least, the
approval of their fellow-countrymen, and enjoy-
ing in the future the satisfaction of having de-
served the grateful remembrance of their fellow-
citizens, and of posterity.
I repeat, sir, that no more mistaken impression
could exist than that entertained by gentlemen
who believe that seamen shipped on board pri-
vate armed vessels, with the single purpose, or
with a well-grounded hope, of amassing any Con-
siderable amount of money from the sale of cap-
tured property. I shall attempt to show that the
Government provided nothing for them, but
in some cases took from them nearly one half the
"proceeds of the sale of property captured from the
enemy; next came the claims of the owners of
privateer vessels for half of what remained after
deducting Government charges; then the captain
for ten shares, the next lower officer for a few
shares less, and so on down to the sailors, who
received bat one share.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen to say if the pri-
vateer service offered great inducements for sea-
men to engage in it with any hope of getting rich
out of the business ? Or, aid it offer anything
like an equal inducement with the public service?
I think I can give a better reason than has been
suggested as an inducement for officers and sea-
men (and for this clas? alone this bill provides)
to enter the privateer service. Everybody knows
that the ieading cause of the war of 1812, grew
out of aggressive acts on the part of British offi-
cials in forcibly taking men out of our merchant
ships, at sea and in port, and compelling them to
serve under the British flag, thus jeopardizing
the property of our merchants, and depriving
families of their support and protection.
I beg leave here to read an extract from the
message of President Madison, dated June 1,
1812. After stating the fact that British cruisers
j had been in the continual practice of violating the
; American flag on the great highway of nations
; under the pretext of searching for British subjects
1 on board of American ships, and after the Brit-
^ ish Government had been formally assured that
i the United States Government was ready to enter
into arrangements, such as could not be rejected
if the recovery of British subjects was the real
and sole object of such search, he uses the fol-
lowing language in reference to the impressment
, of American seamen:
I " The practice is so far from affecting British subjects
alone, that, under pretext of searching for these, thousands
of American seamen, under the safeguard of public law,
and of their national flag, have been torn from their country
and everything dear to them, have been dragged on board
of ships of war of a foreign nation, and exposed to the
severity of their discipline, to be exiled to tlie most distant
and deadly climates, to risk their lives in the battles of their
oppressors, and to be the melancholy insuuments of taking
away those of their own brethren."
At the commencement of the war many of our
seamen were absent in the merchant service, and
our national ships were to a considerable extent
manned by green hands or ordinary seamen.
But as our merchant ships continued to arrive in
home ports, our seame.n were met with the pop-
ular cry of "free trade and sailors' rights,"
which helped to increase their desire to defend
those rights upon the ocean; and because the
merchant ships were being laid up, and the legit-
imate occupation of seamen was being destroyed,
they readily embarked on board private armed
vessels.
After war was declared, many American sea-
men who had been impressed,and made to serve
on board British cruisers, refused to fight under
the British flag against their own countrymen,
and all such men were tied up and whipped into
obedience, or shut up in prison ships, or within
the walls of Dartiftoor.
Such seamen as remained unemployed for want
of a sufficient number of Government vessels to
employ them all, made application to the owners
of merchant vessels, to allow them to proceed
finder the sanction of the General Government, to
engage in the war on their own account for the
twofold purpose of providing for themselves and
their families the means of support, and to avenge
the wrongs inflicted upon their fellow-seamen
suffering under the oppressive acts of the British
Government.
The owners of vessels who felt disposed to risk
their property in this hazardous business were
commissioned by the United States Government
to cruise against the enemy; and under the fullest
sanction of Congress, as provided in the act de-
claring war, they entered upon the service. All
prizes taken by these cruisers were adjudicated
upon by the United States courts, and sold under
the order of the United States marshals. A large
proportion of the proceeds of such sales was re-
tained in the shape of duties and charges by the
Government, and in this way furnished more
revenue to the Treasury than was received from
any other source during the war.
About two hundred privateers were thus com-
missioned, having on board fifteen thousand men
and boys, and a large number of prizes were
taken, not all of whichever reached an American
port. In order that I may save gentlemen time
in searching for information, I will refer to a few
cases, giving the proceeds of sale, &c., and the
amount of duties paid into the Treasury of the
United States. . ,
During the war the duties upon all prize goods
were doubled, and this fact induced the owners
of certain priva'eer vessels to petition Congress
for a reduction of charges on such goods. J have
before me an extract from a document presented
to Congress on the 23d of November, 1812,which
I will read:
