1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Privateer System—Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
" We take the liberty of inclosing to you, for the inspec-
tion oi" the Committee ol" Ways and Menus, sundr> papers
connected witfi the application ol tut owners of privateers
in New York, for a reduction of duties on pnzie goods.
They are as follows: No. I exhibits the proceeds ot the
schooner Venus and cargo, captured by the privateer
Temor; No. 2, a statement ol' the privateers General
Armstrong and General Tompkins, and No. 3 contains
absti et of letters from sever.il piivateer agents.
"The Committee of Ways ami Means are (includingthe
•accompanying document) in possession of three statements
of prize sales, where the property was in each case uf a
different character from the oilier. The cargo of the New
Liverpool consisted altogether of wine, amounting to
twenty seven thousand nine hundred and fitly nine gal-
lons. the duty on which was forty-six cents per gallon, which
consumed more than one half of the proceeds of the vessel
and cargo, and, connected with the other charges, left the
owners of the privateer but one sixth of the captured prop-
erty. The Industry was laden with one hundred and fifty-
two barrels of salmon, arid the benevolent design of the
privateersmen to restore to the indigent owner the amount
of her loss, terminated, in consequence of the high duties
and charges, iu an inability to present her with more than
> paltry Mini, scarcely worth her acceptance. The Venus
bad a cargo of rum, sugar, fruit, and preserves, which pro-
duced $17,637 66; and was charged with duties amounting
to StV-itf? 63."
I wish to give a few figures which may convey
to the minds of gentlemen the truth in reference
to the profit of this business so far as the seamen
had an interest. Here is the marshal's account
of expenses and sale of the schooner Venus:
Amount of vessel  $8,500 00
Amount of cargo  17,637 68
Total  26,137 68
Then came the charges:
Duties   f8,287 63
Marshal's charge  53361
District clerk's commission   370 00
Prize commission on bill ?  100 00
Total  9,281 24
6eamen's pension fund—9# per cent   338 12
^ Leaving    16,518 32
Pilotage  $74 00
Entry fees     2237
Wharfage    188 00
Amount of shopkeeper's bill  166 97
Solicitor's bill   160 00
llenry Bull's bill for expenses  264 60
Pay of eight men on board Venus  100 00
Agent's commission—2# per cent, on $16,568 32 414 20
Total  1,390 14
Net proceeds  15,228 18
Owner's one half  7,614 09
And an equal amount to be divided among a
large crew—say, captain ten shares, and the other
officers t few shares less, and with a crew, per-
haps, of seventy-five men, leaving some fifty or
Beventy-fi ve dollars falling to the share of the sea-
men. And that is the way these men were paid
for leaving their homes and friends to engage in
the cause of their country!
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, briefly told the
story of the privateersmen. In all I have said I
have been guided by a desire to state facts. I feel
a deep interest in the matter before the committee.
Many of the privateersmen lived and died, and
many still live, in the district whioh I have the
honor to represent. Five hundred good and true
men belonging to the town of Marblehead, in
that district, who had been taken out of public
and private armed ships as prisoners during the
•war of 1812, were released from Dartmoor at the
close of the war.
The first time the continental flag was ever
hoisted was on board the schooner Hannah, be-
longing to Beverly, in my district; and gentle-
men will not wonder if 1 manifest a strong desire
to have the claims of the old privateersmen, many
of whom sailed from Salem, Gloucester, M^fble-
head, Newburyport, and other towns wju^h I
represent here, fairly considered. The firsRtand
that was made against the British troops in the
war of the Revolution was made at North Bridge,
in Salem, Massachusetts, and that town was for
many years the headquarters of nautical enter-
prise afong Massachusetts Bay, even surpassing
Boston. In that district, too, Captain Henry
Robinson, a resident of the town of Gloucester,
in 1714, built and launched the first vessel of that
class called schooners—a class most commonly
employed in the privateer service during the war.
Now that town employs a fleet of three hundred
■ail of very superior vessels of that class, manned
by nearly three thousand men. These incidents
are mentioned, not because they are of any
particular consequent in consideration of the
measure before the committee, but that I may
show that the district which has honored me
with a seat here has done, and is still doing,
its full share towards encouraging nautical en-
terprise.
Many incidents of realinterest might be related
1 in connection with the subject before us, but this
is hardly the place or the time to go into details
not specially important. Many of the privateers-
men still live in other parts of my district. In
my native town I know them, and have heard the
story of their exploits, and of their privations and
sufferings, told with the true eloquence of an hon-
est heart. A few survivors are scattered all along
our sea-board, and are looking toyou to do them
justice even at this late day. The fund which
[ they established for their widows and disabled
j companions has been exhausted since 1837. Con-
. gress, in some instances since that time, has ap-
propriated money for those entitled to pensions
from the national Treasury; but there is now no
' regular pension allowed to the widows, as was
1 provided in the original plan of instituting the
fund. The Government is somewhat at fault, I
, believe, in allowing a portion to be diverted from
I its original direction in certain cases. I think it
| will so appear; and I have noticed that the fact is
j acknowledged in official reports, which I have not
at hand. You will find the fact mentioned, 1
I think, in Mr. Hoffman's report, dated February
I 17, 1829, and elsewhere I have no doubt.
Throughout the war the privateersmen evinced
the most commendable bravery. They engaged
British war vessels, and crippled them to an ex-
tent which was severely felt. I could furnish
many instances, but it is not worth while at pres-
ent to take time in enumerating matters of that
sort: They contributed to our national Treasury
a large amount of money, which did essential
service in carrying on the war, when ordinary
resources had, to a great extent, failed, in conse-
quence of the falling-off of our commerce and im-
ports. I have before remarked that the spirit
with which they entered into the service, and
their destruction of the enemy's commerce, had
much to do with making the war unpopular in
England, and hastening an adjustment of the
difficulties between the two Powers. So far they
are entitled to the gratitude of their countrymen,
based upon every principle of humanity. So it
was understood by statesmen during the pend-
ency of those difficulties; and all this talk about
" legalized piracy" is something new, and is in
advance of the age. The idea does not comport
with the views and expressions of men who were
prominent in the Government during the war, or
who have had occasion to examine the subject
since.
Mr.Hoffman, in his report from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, February 17, 1829, covers the
whole subject. He says:
" The statesman who shall induce the nations to concur
in one common judgment to denounce and punish as con-
trary to the laws of nations the rights of warfare on private
property on the high seas, will be the greatest benefactor
of mankind. But while the right-remains, to this country
at least the right of private warfare and reprisal will be of
inestimable value. Every act which shall make the exer-
cise of this right easy, speedy, and efficient, contributes to
the security of peace by the danger it threatens to the pub-
lic enemy. In war, the exercise of this right of the destruc-
tion of the enemy's commerce by the reward it confers on
our brave and patriotic citizens, is among our best, out most
extensive and efficient means of conquering a peace."
Mr. Dorsey, in his report from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, in relation to the privateer pen-
sion fund, dated February, 1830, employs the
following language:
" If the committee were to concede that the abandon-
ment by universal compact of the civilized world of the
right of war on private property on the ocean would con-
duce to the moral improvement of mankind, yet they can
not but believe that, so long as other nations practice it, so
long ought it to be the policy of this Government to encour-
age its citizens to embark a portion of their capital in fitting
out private ships of war lo cruise against and destroy the
commerce and resources of the enemy.
" The genius of our Government and the jealousy of our
people are averse to the keeping up of an expensive Navy.
Private armed ships supply the absence of a national ma-
rine so far as war shall be directed against the commcerc
of the enemy, and leave our national ships at liberty to con-
voy our merchant vessels arid defend our sea-board. The
expenence of two wars has proved beyond all controversy
that the distress inflicted upon the commerce of the enemy
by the spirited aggressions from private armed ships, con-
tributed much, very much, to render the war unpopular with
the people of Great Britain and caused them to press their
ministers to make a peace.
" This Government was essentially sustained at a period
of great pecuniary embarrassment by duties paid into the
Tresury arising from the very valuable prizes captured and
brought into port by our privateers."
Such were the opinions of gentlemen in times
past; and, now if it is to be regarded as legalized
piracy for ships to be commissioned by the Gov-
ernment to make war upon the common enemy,
the power to confer such authority ought never
to be granted by Congress. So far as we have
gone in the business, the Government has fully
sanctioned and encouraged this mode of warfare.
In the resolutions declaring the war, the Pres-
ident was fully empowered by Congress to grant
letters of marque and reprisal to ships to cruise
against the enemy. The Government claimed
the right to control the proceeds of the sale of
prizes and prize goods and became the sole
trustee of the pension fund, and in all respects
treated the enterprise as respectable, honorable,
and praiseworthy, and men entered into the busi-
ness fairly and aboveboard. I regret, sir, that
the accounts of the Secretary of the Treasury do
not afford accurate information as to the amount
paid into the Department from the proceeds of
sales of prizes taken by private armed ships.
The sum was large—1 have heard it stated at sixty
millions of dollars; but the accounts in some
cases have been destroyed by fire, or lost in the
general account kept in reference to the sales of
prizes taken by public and private armed vessels
without discrimination.
It is extremely difficult, Mr. Chairman, for
parties who are familiarwith the facts connected
wtth the privateer interest to understand the rea-
son of their being overlooked; while the claims
of every other class of men engaged in any of
the wars of the country, even to teamsters of
fourteen days' service, have been considered; and
it is about time that Congress repaired the wrong
done to the few who are still living, or contrib-
uted something to the aged widows of those who
come in under the bill before the committee. You
have land enough, and you cannot bestow it
where it will be more richly deserved. Every
acre given away enhances the value of what you
have remaining. Individual enterprise will be
brought to bear upon it. Every bushel of wheat
raised adds its full quota of value to the wealth
of the country. Every land warrant that is
franted moves some spirit in a new direction.
'ou lose nothing; but you gain, in the fact of
having done justice by a class who deserve all
that you are likely to do towards bettering their
condition.
During the war of 1812, our ships were gener-
ally successful in battle with the enemy; and we
hear gentlemen express great confidence in our
ability to cope successfully with any naval Power
in the world, where the contending parties are
upon an equality in size, metal, and men; but we
must not forget that, in the last war with Eng-
land, we had our ships manned with American
seamen, such as are made of the fishermen, who
were, in all respects, the most daring people on
the ocean, and who, to this day, defy the rigor
of winter and the dangers of navigation on our .
coast; keeping up their voyages through the
year, aiding ships in distress, and, una wed by
frequent losses of their vessels and whole crews
of their comrades, still go on with their business
without an emotion of fear or a murmur of com-
plaint; barely, at the end of the year, being able
to make good the paltry sum which they have
expended in the support of their families, averag-
ing, as a class, not more than three hundred dol- •
lars as their share of the year's products. Seven
hundred of this class of hardy men were engaged,
during the war of 1812, on our public and private
armed vessels, from one town in the district which
I represent here; and our merchant vessels, until
within a few years, received large accessions to
their crews from fishing communities.
Affairs are very different now. In the large
commercial cities the greatest inconvenience is
felt and expressed for the want of American sea-
men. Scajcely a sufficient number of such are
coming up to officer the ships in the merchant
service. The crews are now nearly all made up
of a class of foreigners who never aspire to rise
above the condition of the common sailor, and
