1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Winslow.
Ho. of Reps.
wounded sorely upon what was deemed—whether [
truly or otherwise is immaterial—a defairtation |
of the time-honored Commonwealth whose fame 1
and character was, in part, in his keeping. Do j
you wonder, sir, at the excitement? You and I, !
and the House, know full well the sensitiveness
of the people of the old thirteen States upon the
subject ef the services of their ancestors in the
days of trial, the days of the Revolution, when
the times required men to act and not carpet
knights to profess. These are but the indications
of a state of feeling that fill the heart of the patriot
with anxiety and solicitude for the future.
For my part, sir, I seek never to detract from
the character of any one of the sovereign con-
federated States of this Union. Especially would
I never indulge in any feeling of detraction with
regard to the fair fame of any one of the old !
thirteen States who, shoulder to shoulder, went 1
through the Revolution,and shared in the sorrows 1
and the sufferings of that gloomy but glorious
era. In this respect I endeavor to imitate the
example of my own honored State. Sheembraces
every opportunity to laud the noble deeds and
praise the heroic actions of her sisters; she lets
no occasion pass by unimproved in which she
could celebrate their services and perpetuate their
fame; while, silent as to her own great actions,
she reposes upon the records of history, and sub-
mits to the judgment of time, a tribunal whose
decrees are irreversible, because they are just.
She envies not any of her sisters their merited
glory. She woulu not touch a laurel upon the
brow of that State from whose soil shoots to
heaven the granite shaft which tells the kindred
stars of the fame of Bunker HilJ, and marks the
spot where Putnam fought and Warren fell.
Sne would not wither a leaf of the laurels which
twine so gracefully around the fair brow of Mas-
sachusetts; long may they ffourish there, green
as the foliage of Carolina's own eternal pines!
It is not to be denied, sir, that the Union is in
' danger. Portentous clouds are lowering over our
country, and ominous thunders are threatening
the arrival of an approaching storm. It may not
explode to-day, sir, nor to-morrow—this year nor
the next; but the elements are warring, and the
explosion must come sooner or later, unless the
prayers of the good, and the wise, and the patri-
otic, ascending on high to heaven, like so many
moral electrics, may disarm the storm of its fury,
and propitiate the Divine wrath we have so justly
provoked. We stand upon the brink of an awful
precipice, and at a height so giddy that it re-
quires all our presence of mind to" maintain our
footing. Nor have we been unwarned of our
danger. Years ago, in the sunny fields of that
South which he loved so well, and where all his
richest affections clustered, there lived a states-
man—now,alas! gathered to his fathers—whose
eagle eye detected in' the political horizon that
eloud, then no bigger than a man's hand, yet
destined to increase in volume, and perhaps ere
long to explode its fury. In vain did Calhoun
raise his warning voice. It fell upon ears as cold
and heedless as those to whom Cassandra proph-
esied within the fated walls of Troy. Sir, our
Government is one of opinion, not of force.
The pillars which support the governmental
fabric'find their bases in the affections of a free
people. Alienate those affections, and the edifice
must totter and fall. Sir, that alienation has
begun, and must be checked, else the historian
lives whose pen will record the downfall of the
Republic. For my part, if I can do nothing to
soothe, I shall do nothing to irritate. I shall
forbear, until forbearance even shall seem to cease
to be a virtue; and if the crisis must come, I shall
endeavor to do my duty to the whole country,
and especially to that section where my fortunes
have fallen, and where ray destiny is fixed.
I know, sir, there is a skepticism in the minds
of northern gentlemen upon this subject. 1 am
aware that the opinion is maintained—I have
heard it avowed upon this floor—that in no case
could the South be forced out of the Union; in
the classic language of the braggart, that she can-
not be " kicked out;" and all intimations that
the discussions of particular subjects, or the enact-
ment of particular measures, may have a tendency
to weaken the bonds of the Union, and sever our
political ties, are deemed threats and menaces. Sir, i
I deal in no such threats or menaces. I disclaim
any such purpose. I speak in sorrow, not in
anger. I have too much respect for the North—
too much real regard for that great people—for
they are indeed a great people—to suppose that
they could be driven from their propriety by any
such base sentiment as fear; and if they could, I
would scorn to extort from their fears what I had
a right to expect from their sense of justice.
Sir, we ought to save this Union. The loftiest
motives press upon us; the noblest incentives
influence us; our reverence for our ancestors
demands it; our own future fame invokes it.
Throughout the civilized world, strong nerves
tremble, and stout hearts quake, for the final re-
sult of this last experiment of man's capacity for
self-government. Age after age, in the dim vista
of the shadowy future, gaze at us with anxiety and
solicitude. If the Union be worth preserving, it is
worth taking pains to preserve. I profess no idol-
atrous love for it; I cherish it for the good it has
done, and for the good it may yet do. ft has given
us peace at home, unexampled prosperity, and a
name among the nations. It has gained us re-
spect abroad, and assured us security from ag-
gression. I have never yielded to that sentiment
springing from mawkish sensibility, that we
should not calculate its value. I think we can
never too often go into the reckoning; it will
bear investigation. I was much impressed with
some statistics with regard to my own honored
State and the State of Massachusetts, which met
my eye in the columns of an able political jour-
nal, showing the great comparative advantages ,
to both of the Union of these States. I will read
them. The Richmond Enquirer says of Massa-
chusetts and North Carolina:
" We think every sensible man in Massachusetts, after
comparing the census of his own Stats with that of North
Carolina, whether he be actuated by selfish policy or en-
larged philanthropy, will arise from the comparison a warm
friend of the Union as it is. The statistics which we shall
; cite might, of themselves, induce the belief that the Bay
I State was only productive of criminals and paupers. But
, it is well known that, despiteherfanaUcism, she is wealthy,
enlightened, industrious, and energetic. Her commerce
and manufactures supply her with the products of agricul-
ture. Disunion would cripple those resources, and proba-
bly expel her industry, skill, and capital to better markets
and more congenial climes. The population of Massachu-
setts in 1850 was (in round nlmbers) 1,000,000, that of
North Carolina 870,000. Massachusetts produced 31,000
bushels of wheat, 2,345,000 bushels of Indian corn, and
3,585,000 bushels of potatoes, 81,000 hogs, 42,000 horses
and mules, and 250,000 cattle. The productions of North
Carolina, in proportion to population, were about ten times
as great. They produced 2^130,000 bushels of wheat,
97,000,000 bushels of Indian corn, 5,700,000 bushels of pota-
toes, 1,800,000 hogs, 174,400 horses and mules, and 693,000
.cattle. What a field she exhibits for Massachusetts com-
merce and manufactures! Vet she would fare better in
ease of a disunion than Massachusetts, for she produces
all the necessaries of life, and might produce its luxuries
within herself.
" The statistics of crime and pauperism exhibit quite as
startling a difference in favor of North Carolina, and prove
that she can and does attend to the moral and phy>-ical con-
dition of her people, and needs no foreign prompting or
interference, Before quoting those statistics, we would
remark, that fuel, so dear and so much needed in Massa-
chusetts,is at every man's door in North Carolina, without
money and witliout price—for there are few towns in that
State. In Massachusetts, in 1850, there were 15,700 pau-
pers ; in North Carolina, 1,900. In Massachusetts, crim-
inals convicted in 1850, 7,000; in North Carolina, 600. In
prisons, in Massachusetts, 1,000; in North Carolina, 44. In
jails in Massachusetts, 1,000; in North Carolina, 34. In
penitentiaries in Massachusetts, 431; in North Carolina, 14.
Odd Fellows' charities in Massachusetts, $264,000; in
North Carolina, $10,000.
" We think that these statistics deserve the serious
study of every Christian, patriot, and philanthropist in the
Union."
Sir, I cannot help thinking that, if the energies
of our politicians were devoted to the compila-
tions of statistics like these, in good Anglo-Saxon,
and to their circulation in New England among
that class of people who have everything to lose
and nothing to gain by disunion, who will have
to bear the burdens without sharing in the hon-
ors of a new Confederacy, it would be much
more patriotic and profitable than the translation
into rich German of speeches upon Kansas, re-
flecting upon the institutions of the South, and
their circulation in the prairie States of the North-
west. i
Sir, the course of the early part of this debate
has provoked me to wander from the subject. I j
was about to apologize, when I recollected that i
adherence to the subject under consideration is j
the exception, not the rule, in this House. I
pass now to the merits of this resolution, pro-
posing to discuss it in the cold and calm way in
which alone legal propositions ought to lie dis-
cussed. I have examined this question with
care, and have come to conclusions contrary to
preconceived opinions. I think I have examined
it without bias. I sit here as a judge. I have
endeavored to know no political relations be-
tween myself and the member from South Car-
olina.
" Tros ve Tyrius mihi nullo discrimine agitur."
I propose to show, sir, that this House has
but a limited power over its members—a power
to punish them for disorderly behavior in open
session, or in some matter so intimately con-
nected with its business, as by fair intendment
may be said to be committed in open session,
and that the punishment may extend to expul-
sion, if a majority of two thirds of the whole
House concur, that, for no other offense nor
other cause can a member be expelled; that the
House, while it has jurisdiction over contempt,
according to its strict legal definition, has no
jurisdiction over what are called contempts in
common parlance, because such jurisdiction has
not been conferred by the Constitution, nor by
any law of Congress under the authority of its
constitution.
.The resolution proposes to expel the member
from South Carolina. In my opinion, we have
no authority to expel the member from South
Carolina for the causes assigned. The power of
Cunishment which this House can exercise em-
races two classes of subjects—its own members,
and strangers to its body. It derives its jurisdic-
tion over the former by positive law, and over
the latter, if it have any at all, which is denied
by a minority of the committee, in the absence
of a law of Congress, by implication only. Its
power over its own members is set out in the
second section of the third article of the Consti-
tution :
"Each House may determine the rules efits proceeding,
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
It is needless to inquire whether it would have
•had this authority independently of the Consti-
tution, and whether its insertion there was but
an affirmation of the necessary rights and privi-
leges inherent in its nature, and essential to its
preservation. It is inserted there, and its inser-
tion is an exclusion of all other powers. It covers
the whole authority, and this whether derived
solely from the Constitution, or whether it would
have existed independently of it. The disorderly
behavior which it has the ability to punish, when
committed by its members, is an act of behavior
committed in open session, or in some wise so
i connected with its session and business as to
amount by fair intendment to a comjnittal in open
session. This must be so ex vi termini. The act
must be one of misbehavior, and it must be disor-
derly, subversive of the rules of the House, and
contrary to the course of its proceeding. If it be
extended 'to disorderly behavior at any other
time and in any other place,it will be a grant of
power liable to the most monstrous abuses, and
altogether most unwisely delivered. I do not
know that this has been questioned. In the text-
writers which have fallen under my observation,
it has been conceded.
' Rawle says, (Rawle on the Constitution, 47:)
! " It cannot be doubted that misbehavior out of the walla
of the House, or within the walls when the House is not
in session, does not fall within the meaning of the Consti-
tution."
And Mr. Justice Story, (Story on the Consti-
tion, 581,) declining to give an opinion himself,
quotes Rawle, if not with approbation, at least
without dissent; and he observes, in reference to
Rawle's opinion, that expulsion may be inflicted
for criminal conduct committed in any place.
" It may be thought difficult to draw a clear line of distinc-
tion between the right to inflict the punishment of expul-
sion and any other punishment upon a member founded on
the time, place, and nature of the offense."
If disorderly behavior elsewhere than in open
session is to be looked to and regarded, where
will you bound your inquiry, and what limit
will you place to your investigation ? Disorderly
behavior—what constitutes it? By what stand-
ard of ethics or of morals will you measure it?
