904
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 113
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Winslow.
Ho. of Reps.
By the customs and codes of which of the thirty-
one confederated States ? Wiil you adjudge po-
lygamy to be misbehavior, contrary to the code
of Utah? Will you deem a moderate indul-
gence in intoxicating drinks to be misbehavior,
according to the code of Maine ? Committed
when? After the member's election, and before
his qualification—during the session or during the
recess ? Committed where ? Here in the Capitol,
on the avenue, or in the suburra of the metrop-
olis, in the District, in any part of the Republic,
or abroad? Grant the proposition, and you
plunge into a sea of uncertainty, and assume a
jurisdiction illimitable as to time and space, and
undefined and undefinable as to its objects.
And as the power to punish a member gen-
erally is confined to cases of disorderly behavior
committed in open session, so I think is, and
ought to be, tne power of expulsion. It is
said that the right to expel is an open right
and an independent grant of power, for causes
other than disorderly behavior within the walls
of the House in open session. I do not yield
to the position. It is not to be found elsewhere
in the Constitution, and is found there coupled
with the causes for which punishment may be
inflicted. [ believe it depends upon the same
offenses. Its insertion in the Constitution is
meant to restrict the punishment. The House
has the authority to punish for disorderly beha-
vior committed in open session; but if that pun-
ishment is pushed to expulsion, it must be by the
concurrence of two thirds of the members. The
expulsion of a member is, at any time and for any
cause, a delicate matter. He is the representative
of the freemen of his district, chosen of their free
choice, according to the forms of law and the
usages of the Constitution. His expulsion affects
the constituent, loses its individual character, and
becomes a matter between the House and the ap-
pointing power. 11 will not do to say the House
can exercise this right for mere caprice. It may
have the power—the mere brutt force—but not the
authority. Power is distinct from authority. Power
rests sometimes upon usurpation. Authority is
based upon the unbending rules of law, and the
immutable principles of justice. Such a right,
must not rest upon implication, nor upon con-
struction only; nor yet upon the precedents of
privilege which have from time to time obtained
in the Commons House of the British Parliament.
If the authority exists, it should flow from un-
equivocal grant, else the rights of a minority
would be insecure, and themselves defenseless.
If it be conceded that the power to punish a
member for disorderly behavior is confined to
acts of disorderly behavior committed in open
session, and if it be insisted that expulsion may
be awarded forany offense whatsoever, then there
is this strange anomaly, that, for a lenient offense
elsewhere thtin in open session, the grievous pun-
ishment of expulsion must be inflicted; while the
same offense, aggravated by being committed in
open session in violation of the rules of order
and of decorum, may be passed over with censure
merely. That is to say, the lenient fault sub-
jects to the graver punishment, and if not to that,
to none other; while the graver offense may only
incur the milder punishment. And this other
anomaly exists, that the framers of the Consti-
tution zealously guarded the authority of the
House to award light and lenient punishments,
by a strict definition of the offenses which would
subject to them, while they left the question of
the grievous punishment of expulsion an open
one for any offense whatsoever.
_ But in every case where this power of expul-
sion is contended for, it is based upon necessity,
and urged and supported upon the ground that
this House ought to have the right to expel its
members for criminal misconduct affecting char-
acter, and to purge itself of unfit associates. If
this be so, it may again be pertinently asked, by
what standard ol ethics will you judge character ?
In some sections of the country the resort to pri-
vate combat upon the point of honor is deemed a
legitimate mode of avenging insult and redressing
injury. In other sections such a resort is forcea
by public opinion, and the failure to demand re-
dress, and the refusal to give such satisfaction,
would subject the recusant to the greatest of all
punishments, the moral cross, social degradation.
In still other sections the duel is looked upon as
the relic of a savage and barbarous age, and would
subject the offender to a stern and unforgiving
condemnation. The act in one case, and the
refusal in the other, would be considered alike
dishonorable. In some sections of the country
citizens of the South, holding slaves, are denounced
as man-stealers and larceners, and branded with
opprobrious epithets. The particular institutions
of a particular section of the country are declared
to be immoral, dishonest, and unchristian, at war
with divine justice, and contrary to the precepts
of the religion which we profess; and he who
sanctions slavery is considered deeply dyed in
guilt. Establish this doctrine, and let the party
calling themselves radical Abolitionists obtain
power in times like these, when the madness of
party foams at the mouth, and frenzied fanaticism
shakes its disheveled locks, and I would not give
a pin's purchase for the tenure by which any
slaveholder will maintain his seat here.
But it may be said that the power of expulsion
ought to be exercised in all those cases where, by
the code of morals which obtain among all people
of civilization, the member will be clearly an unfit
associate for his fellows. The suggestion is
plausible, but deceptive. So long as the member
perforrria his duty here, he violates no rule of
order or decorum, and submits himself to the right
rule and just authority of the House, what au-
thority have you to impugn the judgment of his
constituents,interpose between him and them,and
make yourselves the arbiters? You are indeed
the judges of the qualifications of your members,
but not of their moral qualities.
If the House suffer inconvenience for the want
of this power, and if there be those among you
who, from the dissoluteness of their morals, and
leprousness of their characters, are unfit asso-
ciates, the evil may be tolerated, since the remedy
is in the hands of the people, at the ballot-boxes,
at oft-recurring intervals; and as regards expul-
sion for the sake of purgation, it is a remedy
almost unmeaning ana unavailing, since there is
nothing to prevent the constituent body from re-
turning the member, and so, totiesquoties, as often
as he is expelled. Grant it to its full extent, and
it is, as has been remarked, a power of ostracism
by which an obnoxious member may be removed
from his seat, who dare oppose a favorite measure.
I am aware that a precedent may be found in
the action of the Senate, upon which to found
an opposite doctrine from that which I -suggest.
A Senator was expelled in 1796, for what may be
called treasonable practices, by an almost unani-
mous vote. The question of the. power to expel
was not considered or debated, and there were
articles of impeachment found in this House pend-
ing against him, resting on incontrovertible proof.
Perhaps the question of power did not occur to
the Senate; for, at the subsequent session, when
the impeachment came on to be tried, for the first
time the doubt occurred whether a Senator, not
being a civil officer, could be impeached; and that
being determined in the negative, the impeach-
ment fell. Besides this, I know no other prece-
dent; but my researches have been limited. I
cannot; however, yield a constitutional difficulty I
upon a single precedent,unsupported by argument J
or reasoning. i
In another case, (that of Humphrey Marshall
in 1796,) the Senate declined to try him on
charges preferred by the Governor and Repre- ;
sentatives of Kentucky, on the ground of want !
of jurisdiction, although Mr. Marshall earnestly
sought a trial, and contended that his consent
would confer jurisdiction. The Senate refused,
on the substantial ground that, for a crime, no one
could constitutionally be held to answer but by
indictment, or presentment, nor to answer any-
where but before an impartial jury of the State
where it was committed, except by impeachment.
And it ought to be so. The courts of the country
are the proper tribunals to try criminal miscon-
duct. They proceed according to the course of
the common law; they confront the accused with
the witness; the accused is present when judg-
ment is pronounced; there is an appeal from their
decision, and the judges are liable to impeach-
ment for corruption. With you it is altogether .
different. Your judgment is irreversible—there is
no appeal from it; nor are you answerable for I
misconduct, nor do you allow the accused to be
present at the judgment.
This member has violated no rule of this
House, nor any of its privileges. He has not
been guilty of disorderly behavior in open ses-
sion, nor has he done any act of criminal conduct
involving character, which makes him an unfit
associate, nor have you the power by any posi-
tive law to expel him. Has he committed any
breach of the privilege <>f the Senate, for which,
if that body had jurisdiction, he would be ex-
pelled ? _ And can you for that reason interfere ?
This brings us to the consideration of the second
branch of the argument.
It is said that parliamentary bodies have an
inherent right to do any and every act, and pro-
vide any and every measure, necessary to their
safety and preservation, and to the maintenance
of their honor and dignity, and that this doctrine
has been supported by the adjudication of the
Supreme Court, in Anderson vs. Dunn, (6Whea-
ton,)in a very clear and logical opinion delivered
by Mr. Justice Johnson, of South Carolina. To
a limited extent I subscribe to the doctrine. I
believe this House has the right to protect itself
where no other means of protection lie open to
1! it, and this by inherent right. I differ with the
: minority of the committee, if I understand them
j to contend that the House cannot punish acts of
disorder by strangers to their body, committed
in open session; and that to make such act an
offense, Congress must have passed a law defining
contempts, and affixing punishment, and that,
Congress having failed to do so, this House is
powerless to act, ex re nata. I do not think the
House would be sufficiently protected in this
way. Contempts are so protean in shape, and
so tenuous in substance, as to be incapable of
being grasped in a strict legal definition. I do
not think the witoffman could devise a law which
would cover every supposable case of contempt.
It will be seen, however, upon examination,
that the difference between myself and the minor-
ity is but slight, and perhaps upon investigation
it might vanish altogether. But I am frank to
say, that I concur most cordially in the general
view of this much misunderstood question of
privilege, as expressed in the able report of my
distinguished friend from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,1
a report which does like credit to his head and
his heart.
The contempts which I think this House haa
the right to punish are legal, technical contempts,
| and not contempts in common parlance—not mere
! indignities to the body or its members. I do not
think it a contempt of this House to speak dis-
respectfully of a member; to indulge in harsh
strictures m the press upon its proceedings; to
send a challenge to a member; to assault a member
upon the avenue, or in this Chamber, when the
House is not sitting. Technically, a contempt
in law means an obstruction of process—an inter-
ference in the business of the House, court, or
tribunal, which impedes and hinders its progres-
sion; and the nature, genius, and spirit of our
institutions require that this power even should be
narrowed down to the smallest possible compass.
Nor has the House the right, nor ought it to
have, to interfere in a summary way in any case
: where the courts of law could give ample redress
and protection.
i We are not to understand the word " punish,"
i in the Constitution, in its broad sense. It is not
the same power which is delegated to the courts.
Courts punish-in the full signification of the term.
They do it for the double purpose of inflicting
pains and penalties upon an offender, and deter-
ring evil-doers by the example. The power of
the House to punish is not that power. If it
were, what limit could you assign to it? Either
1 House could fine or imprison at pleasure, and,
imitating the British Commons, inflict death. It
is well settled now, both here and there, that you
can inflict no punishment but imprisonment, and
that only during your session. No, sir, this
power to punish is but the power to remove ob-
structions front the path of your progression.
Beyond this, the courts of the country act, which
deal out justice, like the dew of Heaven, to all
alike—to the proudest Senator, and the humblest
of his constituents.
1 These views are not opposed to Anderson w.
