906
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Dean.
Ho. op Reps.
ing collectively to the body, but to the individuals,
not to be subtracted from or added to by resolu-
tion of the House, there has been no breach of
tlie privileges of the Senate, and only a bieacli
of the privileges of the Senator, to whom the
couns.of the country lie open, where he, and you,
and 1, and all of us, can resort for justice. That
narrows the question down, then, to the simple
fact of the time and place where the act was com-
mitted. I grant that, if the act had been done in
open session of the Senate, it would have been a
breach of privilege; but it was done in that
Chamber, after the Senate had adjourned, when
strangers, members of this House, officers of this
body, and others, were there. How long does
the odor of sanctity remain about the Chamber ?
Can any one tell me? Is it thirty, or thirty-five,
or forty minutes ? Who is to be the judge ? But
granting all that, the act comes on the other
ground that I take—and that, I think, we can
stand upon—that this House ought not, and has
not the right, to punish for a technical, legal con-
tempt, where the courts of the country can give
full and ample redress.
Sir, this is a subject which can hardly be dis-
cussed within the limits of an hour. In attempt-
ing to discuss it legally, one can hardly do him-
self justice. I shall not attempt to elaborate it
further, since I have left but a moment more.
I have a few words now to say in regard to the
resolutions of the Senate in reference to this mat-
ter; and as the Senate is the prosecutor here, I
shall be guilty of no infringement of the parlia-
mentary law in commenting on their conduct in
respect to this matter. Sir, when a speech had
been made in the Senate reflecting upon the char-
acter of an entire people, and an entire State—a
speech which has been condemned as anti-Amer-
ican and unpatriotic, and has called down the
denunciations of gentlemen from every section
of the country—when it provoked a member of
this House to commit an act which, perhaps, in
strict morals, he ought not to have committed, I
do think that, when the Senate sent here and
asked us to punish that member, they might,
with some propriety, have said to the House in
their resolution, " We donot approve of the con-
duct of our Senator. While we think our priv-
ileges have been invaded, we do not desire the
American House of Representatives for one
minute to suppose, that an American Senate is
capable of sanctioning such a breach of good
breeding, propriety, and decorum, as that of
which the Senator from Massachusetts has been
guilty."
TROUBLES OF THE COUNTRY—THEIR CAUSE
AND CURE. .
SPEECH OF HON. SIDNEY DEAN,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
July 23,1856,
Against the extension of Slavery into Territory now free.
Mr. DEAN said:
Mr. Chairman: The country is in trouble.
No man upon the floor of this House can shut
his eyes to this fact, or close his ears against
the clamors of an excited and indignant nation.
Gentlemen may gloss it over by party harangues
and party promises; but the people, sir, will pay
no heed until the cause of that trouble is removed,
and the country is brought back to its old com-
pacts, and stands again upon its old ground. It
is in vain, sir, that gentlemen offer new compro-
mises, that they look for a new pacificator for the
country, while they willfully persist in sustaining
a wrong which an indignant country has repu-
diated. The people in solid masses meet to utter
- their voice against the present position of our
  General Government upon our internal domestic
affairs. Upon our Atlantic coast the commercial
men stood for a long time, looking with anxiety
to see whether the cloud precipitated upon us by
a filibustering Administration was charged with
the red lightning of war or not; while in the west,
Kansas stands as a battle ground, its sods red-
dened with the blood of freemen, and its smol-
dering ruins and desolate hearthstones proclaim-
ing internal feud—yea, sir, the horrors of civil
war. The North and West are giving their men
and pouring out their treasure to sustain freedom
there; and the South, taking advantage of a neigh-
boring sovereignty, pour in upon its ballot-boxes,
and, at the point of the bowie-knife and the end
of a revolver, subjugate the people and make for
them their laws.
The issue of all, the reason of all, the basis of
all this lies in the simple question, Shall freedom
or slavery be the ruling, predominate feature of
the model Republic of the world ? That question
can be answered but in one way. Freedom,
human, personal freedom, the fulfillment of the
great sentiment " that all men are created free and
equal, and endowed by their creator with the
inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness, will be the national ruling of this
country for future centuries, or the sun of its
past glory will set in drapery crimsoned by its ,
own blood, ere it reaches a century of its exist- |
ence. Human liberty and chattel slavery are \
the very opposites of each other. You may as
well attempt to wed the darkn&ss to the light, to
make modest virtue the daily handmaid of ab-
horrent vice, as to mingle, harmonize, and unite
in a common nationality, the doctrine of personal
liberty and republican sovereignty with the per-
sonal chattel slavery of the many, bought, sold,
bartered, or exchanged, and owned, body and
, soul, by the few. It is a political and a moral im-
; possibility.
In discussing the questions yivolved in the
present state of our country's affairs—their causes
and their cure—1 beg to be understood by every
man upon this floor. I shall confine myself to
the use of parliamentary language, and avoid
personal allusions; but in the discussion of prin-
ciples, and the bearing of those principles, I shall
submit to no man's dictation as to the terms I
may use. I speak in the name of a constituency
who love liberty better than life. I speak for
men who, in the days of liberty's peril, spoke for [
themselves, in want, in hunger, in summer's j
heat and winter's cold, upon most of the battle- !
grounds of the Revolution. Nay, sir, the ashes
of the gallant and brave old General Israel Put-
nam, the hero of Bunker Hill and the wolf-den,
repose in their quietude in the beautiful valley of
my own home, and his love of liberty actuates
the hearts of all my constituents. I speak as a
representative, as a man, and as a lover of my
whole country. I shall draw no invidious com-
parisons between the sister States of our common
Confederation, but shall answer my own con-
science, and the voice of my constituents, by
uttering plainly and fearlessly my sentiments.
I said, sir, that liberty and slavery could not
have a common-nationality in one common gov-
ernment or upon common soil. Let the history
of past nations by their record attest the truth
of thi# proposition; and let us also examine our
own history to see if anywhere in the past this
misnomer can be found.
Slavery, personal, chattel slavery, existed pre-
vious to the confederation of the original thirteen
States. It existed there by municipal, colonial,
or State enactment, and was controlled and pro-
tected by State law. We had then no distinct
nationality, no common constitutional federation,
but were independent sovereignties in fact.
When the convention that formed our constitu-
tion was held, from which we were to receive our
constitutional birth as a nation, this question of
chattel slavery manifested itself, and awoke the
deepest anxiety among the patriots who com-
posed that convention.
Slavery then was in its infancy in this country.
Good men of the South, as well as the North,
looked upon it as a system of tyranny that must
die out of necessity amid the bright effulgence of
civil liberty and personal freedom. The word
slave even was not incorporated into the sacred
instrument which had its birth in euch noble
hearts.
But to secure the harmony^ of the States, and
effect the object of union, so "much to be desired
then, mutual concessions were made. They would
not, in my opinion, be made in a like convention
to effect a like purpose, if it should J>e held to-
morrow. But then it was a time of trial for the
young country, and slavery was but a compara-
tive handful. Now, we are stretching up to our
century of ag^ and chattel slavery has stalked
up to the huge numeral of almost four millions of
souls. The convention decided to allow slaves,
or " other persons," as the instrument delicately
words it, to be counted in the representation of
the country in the Federal councils. The chattel
'of to-day, whose manhood is ignored by south-
ern laws, and whose personality as a man is sunk
earthward to a beast, was then and there by our
fathers exalted to a " person," and counted in the
roll of representation. It was, in my opinion, a
fatal blunder; for it gave rise to the doctrine of
property representation, so inconsistent with the
purity of republican institutions and government.
Mr. Gouverneur Morris, in debating this ques-
tion, said:
" He never would concur in upholding domestic slavery.
It was a nefarious instituion, it was the curse of Heaven
on the States where it prevailed. Compare the free regions
of the middle States, where a rich and noble cultivation
marks the prosperity and happiness of the people, with the
misery and poverty which overspread the barren wastes of
Virginia, Maryland, and the other States having slaves.
Travel through the whole continent, and you behold the
prospect continually varying with the appearance and dis-
appearance of slavery. The moment you leave the east-
ern States and enter New York, the effects of the institu-
tion become visible. Passing through the Jerseys and
entering Pennsylvania,every criterion of superior improve-
ment witnesses the change. Proceed southwardly, and
every step you take through the great regions of slaves pre-
sents a desert increasing with the increasing proportion of
these wretched beings. Upon what principle is it that the
slaves shall be computed in the representation? Are they
men ? Then make them citizens and let them vote. Are
they property? Why, then, is no other property included ?
" The houses in this city (Philadelphia) are worth more
than all the wretched slaves who cover the rice-swamps of
South Carolina. The admission of slaves into the.repre-
sentation, when fairly explained, comes to this: that the
inhabitant of Georgia and South Carolina, who goes to the
coast of Africa, and, in defiance of the most sacred laws of
humanity, tears away his fellow-creatures from their dear-
est connections, and damns them to the most cruel bond-
age, shall have more votes in a government instituted for
the protection of the rights of mankind, than the citizen of
Pennsylvania or New Jersey, who views with a laudable
horror so nefarious a practice. He would add, that domes-
tic slavery is the most prominent feature in the aristocratic
countenance of the proposed Constitution. The vassalage
of the poor has ever been the favorite offspring of aristoc-
racy ; and what is the proposed compensation to the north-
ern States for a sacrifice of every principle of right, of every
impulse of humanity ?"
The answer is, the problematical taxation of
the people—a contingency not likely to happen,
except by the' duties upon imports, which Mr.
Morris snowed would bear heavier upon the free
than upon the slave States. Thus spoke Mr.
Gouverneur Morris, on the 8th of August, 1787.—
(Madison Papers, vol. 5, p. 392.) What would
he say now concerning the institution, and its
swelling power, which threatens to absorb all our
liberties, if he could rise from his pillow of death,
and stand in our midst? The views of Mr. Morris
i were sustained by Mr. Dayton, of New Jersey,
i and others.
1 One step further; the convention, in framing a
section upon the comity which should exist be-
tween the independent sovereignties as thus con-
federated , provided that persons owing service in
one State, and fleeing into another, should not by
such flight be absolved from the payment of the
service tliey owed, but should be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service was due.
, Although the term " slave" is not used in this,
! or in any clause of the Constitution, yetitjias been
I claimed and acted upon by Congress as fully ap-
1 plying to escaped slaves. I shall not now ques-
tion that application, although it is doubted by
good men and true in the North, who think from
, its wording it can only have reference to escaped
' apprentices, as in their judgment the born slaTe
owes no service but that given by a piratical and
j barbarous code.
Then these are the only acknowledgments of
, slavery's existence in the independent States
which were by this convention constitutionally
federated. This is all of constitutional acknowl-
edgment which slavery, as a State institution,
finds in that instrument which you and 1, sir,
have sworn to support. The tenor of the whole
, instrument is for freedom; yea, sir, freedom to all,
or, as it is expressed in the preamble:
; "We the neonle of the United States, in order to form a
morenerfectunSn, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare and securethe blessings of liberty to ourselves
I and our posterity, do ordain," fcc.
