90S
JSPFENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Dean.
Ho. of Reps.
of the Geueraltiovernmentfor their judicial and executive
administration, and a= such a doctrine is believed by the
good p<fof tins State to be false ill theory and danger-
ous in practice : Therefore,
Re\oU-ed by tht Senate and House of Representative* in
General jinemhlt/ cancelled, That the recent act of Con-
fress, entitled "A bill to organize the Territories of Ne-
raska and Kansas," deserves, as it has received from the
people of Connecticut, an unqualified condemnation.
Resotred, That it is not only the tight of Congress " to
make all needful rules and regulations reflecting the Ter-
ritories belonging to the United States," but it is also the
duty of the National Legislature to exercise that right in
such manner as will best cumluct to the lasting welfare of
those who are, in future generations, to occupy our vast
domain.
And whereas, the subject of national legislation for the
national Territories is, at the present time, a matter of grave
concern to the whole country, and it is proper that the
people of each State should, in the spirit ot intelligent pat-
riotism, express their sentiments and purposes thert^n, and
as the fathers of Connecticut did, by their legislative acts,
in the years 1774 and 1784, declare that " the increase of
slaves in this State" was '• injurious to the poor, and in-
convenient," and that " sound policy" did " require that '
the aboliuou of slavery should be effected" therein, " as ;
soon as might be consistent with the rights of individuals
anil the public safety and welfare;" and as the inhabitants
of (his State have ever had reason to be grateful for the wise j
foresight by which our beloved Commonwealth has been !
freed from the manifold evils of human bondage, and we !
believe it to be our duty, as a portion of the American peo- S
pie, to aid in establishing upon a broad and firm foundation
the prosperity of the Stales yet to be added to the Confeder-
acy: Tliereiore,
Resolved, That Connecticut wffl never consent to the
extension of slavery over the common domain of the United
8tatcs; but, on die contrary, believing that the free insti-
tutions which an experience almost coeval with the life of
the Republic has proved to be good for her are, and will be,
good for all future commonwealths, she will strive, to the
best of her ability, to exclude the relation of human bond-
age from the national Territories.
And whereas it appears that one of the Territories of
this Union has been invaded by an anned and organized
force, for the purpose of destroying the freedom of the
elective franchise among the inhabitants thereof, which
purpose has been accomplished by brutal violence, and the
repetition of the like outrage is openly threatened: There-
fore,
Resolved, That it is the duty of the General Government
to protect, even by armed intervention if necessary, the
people of the Territories in the exercise of all their rights,
and tbat the national Adufinistratiou which neglects to
perform this duty is recreant alike to the Constitution and
the best interests of the U nion.
And whereas ttie fugitive slave act of 1850 is, in its re-
quirements, insulting to the spirit of freemen, in its details
subversive of State rights, in its operation productive of
dangerous sectional agitation, and as a law is of doubtftil
constitutionality: Therefore,
Resolved, That while the people of Connecticut are pre-
pared to comply with the Constitution of the United States,
in all its parts, without equivocation or reservation, they
will yet insist, in all proper times and places, that an act
■o justly odious in its character shall be materially modified
or wholly repealed.
And whereas, upon most of the topics embraced in the
foregoing resolutions, there are and must be differences of
opinion, more or less indicated by geographical lines; and
wliereas false and designing men, taking advantage of that
circumstance, have endeavored and are endeavoring to sow
the seeds of civil dissension anil disunion: Therefore,
Reiolced, That Connecticut regards the people of the
United States afc one ppople, bouud together by the ties of
a common history, a common glory, and a common destiny;
that she cherishes with fraternal regard each and every
State of the Union ; that she loves that Union, and will
stand by it, support it, and defend it from all assault, at home
or abroad; and, in these troubled times, she calls upon the
other members of the Confederacy, in the spirit Of patriotie
conciliation, to unite with her in cementing anew the
foundations of oar common nationality.
Resolved, That copies of the preambles and resolutions,
certified by the Secretary of State, lie transmitted by his
Excellency the Governor to the Senators and Representa-
tives of this State in Congress, to be laid before the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States, and to
the Governors of the several States and Territories of the
Union, to be laid before the legislative authorities thereof.
Approved, June 15,1855.
State or Cokhkcticot, Office of Secretary of State, a:
In th''"m °cr^^ '^at the foregoing is a true copy of record
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and
fsEi.L.1 SSV"? tlle ,esl °f satd State, at Hartford, this
l" * 1 83d of June, A. U. 1855.
N. D. SPERRY, Secretary of State.
From this position the citizens of Connecticut
will not be moved. Restore the compact, and
that will be an accepted pledge of future peace;
but if the aiders, abettors, and defenders or slave
extension still insist that slavery shall be nation-
alized—if freedom for the Territories shall hence-
forth be utterly ignored, and the new doctrine is
admitted and practiced upon, that the Constitu-
tion of the United States carries slavery where-
ever it goes, and it cannot be restricted by Con-
gress, then this nation has fallen upQn en evil
day, and its future is dark and fearful. i tell
geaiileiaea, in tbehonest convictions of my h«*rt,
that my constituents, neither in thought, word,
nor deed, will ever acquiesce in thus branding
our national character with infamy, and will
never, for themselves, be made the political or
personal slaves of such a monstrosity in repub-
licanism.
The Missouri restriction can be restored in
one of two ways. First, by repealing so much of
the Kansas-Nebraska act as negated that restric-
tion. Second, by admitting Kansas as a free
State, and pledging the country to the future ad-
mission of all others who may apply from north
of 36° 30'.
Before closing, sir, I desire to call the attention
qf the House and the country to the remarkable
biblical argumentforthe supportofchattel slavery,
as it exists in this country, which was offered by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
I am sorry that the gentleman is not now in his
Beat. I have heard, sir, of "lower-law divines,"
who hare fulminated from their pulpits doctrines
similar to those uttered by the distinguished gen-
tleman; but, sir, he cannot have posted himself
up on those questions by a reference to long and
able discussions which have taken place, in which
the ablest minds and most accomplished divines
of the country have borne a part. The allusions
of the gentleman to Jewish niBtory are dated as
far back as the time when the " father of the
faithful" and his coadjutors held servants. But
would he reason from that that it is right and
just for us in this age, and under this better dis-
pensation ? If the earth was then infantile in its
existence, and in its moral perceptions of Go'd
and equal justice, would he cite God's forbear-
ance as an argument for the divine establishment
of a system repulsive to every feature of a perfect
law? If polygamy was endured, would he reason
from that premise the false conclusion, that Gad
ordained, established, and sanctioned polygamy?
Or that we could follow the system to-day without
violating divine law? If the gentleman gathers
his views of duty from the local laws of Judaism,
will he subscribe to its whole doctrine, and give
tts a moral and political address upon that feature
of the law which declares that " he that stealeth a
man, and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand,
he shall surely be put to death ?" (Exodus xxi.,
16.) And also that portion in Deuteronomy
xxiii., 15,and 16, with its application to the fugi-
tive slave enactment, which reads as follows:
"Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant
j which has escaped from his master unto thee: He shall
dwell with thee, even among you, in that place which he
shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh him best:
tliou shalt not oppress him."
But, sir, when he entered upon that purer and
brighter dispensation of the world's Divine Re-
deemer, ana attempted a defense of slavery by
using the language of a Roman soldier, making
it the language of Him whose great mission He
himself proclaimed to be " the opening of prison
doors to them who were bound, and making/ree
the oppressed," I confess, sir, I was moved with
pity for the weakness of his logic. All His
teachings are embodied in the glorious principle
of lovt. The law which He lays down for the
government of the social world is in a nutshell,
such is its terseness of expression. " Thou
shalt love thy neighbor as thyself:" applied, it
says—" Whatsoever ye would that men should
do unto you, do ye even so to them." Now, sir,
When the gentleman from Georgia, or any other
man defending slavery, seeks his defense from
the teachings of " the Nazarene," let him comply
with the law which He has given. Is the gentle-
man willing to be the slave of his own bondman ?
Is he willing that all of himself, body, soul and
labor—all of his family, wife and children, shall
be put in complete and abject subjection to the
misfortunes or caprices of his chattel? Will he
. " Pan him while he sleeps,
And tremble when he.wakes?"
Will he submit to have his manhood blotted out,
and he himself become a chattel ? If so, I will
bow in respect to the mistaken view of Christi-
anity repitesented in his life, and seek to win him
to that more exalted view of the mission of Christ,
which would place master and servant upon an
equality before a just God, and an equal right to
life, liberty, family, and property in social life.
Hweaftcr, air, let no mors be said concerning the i
prostitution of the northern pulpit in its discus-
sions of chattel slavery and its results. When
it is defended upon this floor as a Christian insti-
tution, sanctioned by the world's Savior, I call
upon the ministry of that Christianity to discuss,
fully and fearlessly, these claims of its advocates.
If, upon a fair discussion—yea, sir, upon a
full " agitation of this question, it shall appear
that it is a poisonous and inharmonious portion of
a pure and healthful code which God has given
for the world's government, then we shall have
learned that the fabric of government instituted
and commanded by a perfect God is not in itself
perfect.
I think, sir, that in the future pages of our
history it will appear that, for this feature of our
national sins, we shall receive a just measure of
national punishment at His hands.
And, sir, what is this system for which its
advocates claim the sanction of the Divine law,
the law of nature, and the high authority of con-
stitutional power, for its extension? It is a sys-
tem, sir, which annihilates the image of God in
humanity, where He placed it, by destroying the
human will. It has power to shroud the human
mind in darkriess—to Stifle its deathless longings
after education, civilization, and refinement. It
smites down, and crushes under its relentless
heel, the rising swell of human affection. It nips
I in the germ parental ties, and sends the offspring
to the auction-block, making merchandise of a
mother's love—as it does of the body and soul of
her offspring. It makes mockery of conjugal
affection, ana sunders those sacred ties which our
Divine Father pronounced indissoluble by man.
It rears immortals for the shambles, and dooms
, the long line^if descendants to the same end. Sir,
is that Christianity? Then lam ah infidel! Is that
nature ? Then, sir, my soul revolts against that
nature mother who bore me. Is that our boasted
constitutional republicanism? Then where, in
j Heaven's name, is absolute monarchy, and upon
f what scroll shall I look for the word "tyranny?"
j Sir, as an American, I repudiate the whole of it.
| It isa foul blot upon our national escutcheon. It
diirls the glory of our eagle's eye; and wherever
it stalks it leaves its Icing withering curse behind
its footsteps. The monarchies of tne Old World,
both absolute and limited, point at us in derision.
We are a living contradiction in our professions
and practice. Mr. Chairman, there are times when
the patriot heart sinks within itself at the re-
membrance of our shame. If the curse can still
be local, sectional, and not national, the free
patriots of the North and West may shake their
garments ininnocency of this triple offense against
God, against humanity, and against republican
liberty. But if it shall be pressed to a national
existence, planting itself like a huge leprous
spot upon all our domain, by the inauguration
of this new policy at the coming election, then
Heaven have mercy upon the nation !
What a strange record of inconsistencies is this
history of slavery! It was a curse—it is now a
blessing. It was anti-republican—it is now gos-
pel, nature, and republicanism. It has coaxed,
cajoled, and threatened, by turns. It has sol-
emnly promised the country jieace in a "finality,"
and ere the words were cola it has hurled sec-
tional firebrands throughout the length of the
land. It has proclaimed " squatter sovereignty,"
and then repudiated it—the right of the people to
make their own laws, and then committed forays
in armed bands upon the ballot-box. Nay, more,
jpsir. It has usurped the power of the military,
. ' and, with loaded cannon and gleaming sabers, it
has forcibly dissolved a Legislature which this
| House has pronounced legal. IP has convulsed
| the country to its furthest extremes, and has in-
! augurated its power by the use of the cane upon
; the head of a member in the Senate Chamber of
the Republic of the world. Sir, if that is liberty,
I have forgotten the lessons of my early life: if
J that is Democracy, I have no Democratic con-
! stituency: if that is Christianity, then the moral
people among whom J bow my knees when at
j home, worship another God, whose whole being,
i attributes, and laws, are arrayed in hostility to
this scheme for the debasement of men.
Sir, I have done. I have briefly offered my
views upon the character of slavery as antag-
onntieal to republican liberty. I have shown tbat
