1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Oliver, of New York.
Ho. op Reps.
tion, is as clearly and. positively given, as any |
power in the Constitution. If Congress should |
Miact a law in such case, it could do no more than
to enact this provision of the Constitution.
Air. Madison evidently intended that thereshould
beaprovision in the Constitution, giving Congress
the power to pass laws providing for the punish-
ment of contempts. There is no provision in the
Constitution giving Congress power to pass such
a law. Why, sir, it is held by gentlemen all round
me, that Congress can only punish for contempts
committed in the presence of-the House, while
the House is in session. Where do gentlemen
get this power ? It certainly is not in the Con-
stitution. Do they get it from the great princi-
ple of self-preservation, the great law of nature?
If so, where is its limit ? It is certainly in the
discretion of the House alone-
Sir, this principle has been decided, if prece-
dents are worth anything, over and over again,
by our highest judicial tribunals, and by this
body itself, in numerous instances. I will not
trouble the House by referring to them all—they
have been cited and repeatedly commented on
during this discussion. I will, however, refer to
one deciskfn of the Supreme Court. It is the case
of Anderson against Dunn, in 6 Wheaton. Jus-
tice Johnson in that case says:
" It is certainly true that there is no power given by the
Constitution to either House to punish for contempts, ex-
cept when committed by their own members. Nor does
the judicial or criminal power given to the United States,
in anyone part, expressly extend to the infliction ofpunish-
roent ior contempt of either House, or any one coordinate
breach of the Government. SliaU we, therefore, decide
that no such power exists."'
Again, in speaking of the implied power, he
says:
" Nor is it immaterial to notice what difficulties the ne-
gation of this right in the House of Representatives draws
after it, when it is considered that the concession of power, if
exercised within their walls, relinquishes the great grounds
of the argument, to wit: the want of an express grant, and
the unrestricted and undefined nature of the power here
set up. Far why should the House be at liberty to exercise
an ungranted, an unlimited, and undefined power within
their walls, any more than without them ?"
But I regard the doctrine of contempts as having
no application to the question now before the
House, except by way of illustration or analogy.
But, sir, it is said that the House cannot pun-
ish a breach of the privileges of the Senate. This
is undoubtedly true as to a stranger, but not as to
one of its own members. This House alone has
plenary power to arrest and punish one of its
members. The Senate have no power to cause
the arrest of a member of this House. This is
as well settled as any rule of parliamentary law
can be. Whether the House should punish one
of its own members for a breach of the privileges
of Senators is the question I shall now pass on
to consider.
I was much pleased in listening to the remarks
of the hqnorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cadwalader,] upon the question of the
powers of this House over its members; but
when he declared, that when a member in debate
transcends the legitimate bounds of parliamentary
decorum in debate he lost the protection of his
privilege, I was surprised.
The speech of the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee. [Mr. Savage] certainly showed the
necessity of such a privilege. But I admit, so far
as this House is concerned, the member has no'
privilege. Here he may be questioned, but in no
other place. A member cannot lose his privilege.
He is privileged to deliver his speech—he delivers
it, and that is the end of it. He can never be ques-
tioned in any other place. If he can lose the pro-
tection' of his privilege when he transcends the
propriety of parliamentary debate, the guarantee
of the Constitution is of no avail; for I submit
with confidence, that the very object of the prpvi-
*on was to allow the greatest possible latitude in
debate or in speech—free speech as it is called.
Besides, who is to judge when a speech is calum-
nious, and when it transcends strict parliamentary
decorum in debate? This House? I grant you.
The courts ? Outsiders?—are they to sit in judg-
ment upon a speech delivered within this House
and give a sentence upon its character, when this
House refuses to do so itself? No, sir, this ques-
tion rests upon other and far higher grounds than
any which concern the righto and interests of
frivate individuals, or of this House, or of both
louses, important as they are. Yes, sir, this
question concerns the whole body of the people.
It is not a question involving merely the order
and dignity of this House, or of the other House;
it involves the very existence of both Houses of
Congress as free deliberative assemblies. Con-
?ress is the great political assembly of the nation,
tis the duty of this and the other House to inquire
and examine into all the corruptions of the Gov-
ernment—into all cases of fraud and of peculation
. in the officers and employes of the Government.
Here are discussed the laws of Congress enacted
under the Constitution, whether in respect to rev-
enue, to commerce, the public lands, the rights of
persons and of States, the Army and Navy, peace
and war, foreign and domesticpolicv. This House
has the power of moving all impeachments, as the
other has of trying them. In Congress all those
freat public questions in relation to foreign and
omestic affairs are brought up and discussed.
Here all the passions of the nation may be said ,
to be concentrated. These Houses are the great
focus of popular inquiry and information; because i
here, in free discussion, are brought out the great j
facta and information which are so important to '
j the people in the proper exercise of their high con-
j stitutional rights, not only in regard to principles,
| but also in regard to the policy of those in power,
in the administration of the Government. Here
i are discussed the rights of the people, the real and
true character of public measures and men, and
j the great principles and constitutional questions
of the Government. This body may make and
unmake the President; and, in a time of high
party excitement, the time may come when all the
I power now claimed for it by its mostardent friends
j may be needed to protect it from the violence of
the mob on the one hand, and the tyranny of the
Executive on the other.
The great idea of our ancestors in framing this
Constitution was to make the legislative depart-
ment of the Government free in all its delibera-
tions. A free deliberative legislative assembly, like
our own, beyond the control of the judical or ex-
i ecutive power, is something hardly known in the
history of the world. The English struggled for
it for centuries, and cannot be said to have attained
it until the Revolution of 1688. Before that time,
in the struggle between prerogative and privilege,
sometimes the power of the Crown overwhelmed
the Parliament, and sometimes the power of the
Parliament overwhelmed the Crown. Whichever
triumphed alike subverted the liberties of the peo-
Cle. In the other States of Christendom such a
ody is unknown. The republics of antiquity had
nothing like it. Free discussion in the delibera-
tive assemblies of Athens was for some years sus-
tained, and while preserved, Greece was free; but
when suppressed, liberty perished with it. Rome
for awhile had something like free deliberations
: in her Senate; but with Cicero her liberty and
' the freedom of the Senate perished together.
This peculiarity, if I may so speak, in our
system o£Governmentis peculiarly Anglo-Saxon.
The great idea was started in tne old Saxon time,
but it was left to a later day to develop and perfect
it in the English and American. constitutions.
: The free, absolute, unrestricted right in the legis-
; lative department of the Government to deliberate
'■ and to act upon, to discuss and to inquire into,
any and every subject of national affairs, or matter
of public concern, without any responsibility
j whatever to any other tribunal, is the great prin-
■ ciple which underlies our whole system of con-
stitutional freedom. This great principle the
founders.of our Constitution secured to this and
the other House by putting into the Constitution
two principles which the English people have ever
! held to and maintained with true Saxon tenacity,
) from the earliest times, and never abandoned, even
J in the darkest hour of their struggle for constitu-
i tional freedom. The one is the personal freedom
| of each member of the two Houses from arrest,
; except for crime, during his attendance upon the
' sessions of his own House, and in going to, and
returning from it: and the other is, that of free-
dom of speech or debate in his own House, with-
out question in any other place.
j Now, sir, it seems to me clear—and I shall en-
deavor t  show it both from history and the
I highest constitutional and judicial authorities, as
well as the most reliable deductions of common
sense — that without these two privileges there
can be no permanent security for freedom in
this, or any other legislative assembly consti-
tuted,like it. These two principles—but more
especially that of the freedom of speech, is most
essential and necessary to every deliberative body.
It is inherent and inseparable from its existence,
and is its very life; so congenial to it, as an old
writer has well remarked, that without it it could
not preserve its independent and deliberative
character for a single day. Freedom of speech
and freedom of deliberation are essentially one
anttthe same thing: both must live or both must
die together.
Let me now, sir, call your attention to a few
points in the constitutional history of England,
which will at the same time serve to illustrate the
object and the meaning of these provisions of
our Constitution, as well as show the high value
placed upon them by the English people as a
security to their constitutional freedom. In such
value Jiave these principles been held, that in
every great crisis in their history which has
arisen, they have fallen back upon them, again
and again affirming them, not as new privileges
just discovered, or new principles or rights just
found, but'as always existing and always belong-
ing to them from the most remote period.
Go back, sir, to the early Saxon time, and you
will there find laws providing security for the per-
sons of the members of their great Legislative
Assembly—the Wittenagemote—both in going to
and in returning from it, except they were notori-
ous thieves ana robbers. As early as the fourth
ot Henry VIII., these very provisions of our own
Constitution were substantially incorporated into
an act of Parliament. The great Lord Hale—
one of the best as well as one of the most re-
nowned juristsof his time, or indeed of any time-
in commenting upon this very statute, says:
" This act of the fourth of Henry VIII. is decla-
ratory of the law and ancient custom of Parlia-
ment." You wiirfind, sir, that the old writers
on parliamentary law declare tliatThomas Moyle,
in this same Henry's reign, was the first Speaker
of the House of Commons who ever petitioned
the King for freedom of speech; and one old
writer, in commenting upon this fact, observes
/hat he was the first Speaker who had the meanness
to do it, for it was craving the very existence of
the House. Libera mens et libera lingua, was ever
the maxim. This craving the liberty of speech
was done to please that tyrant; and it may be,
though I have forgotten, that this Speaker Moyle
was the same whom this bloody and sometimes
facetious King called before him, and while kneel-
ing at the foot of the throne, Henry, putting his
hand,upon his head, said, speaking of the supply
bill: "Mr. Speaker,pass that bill before to-mor-
row morn, or you will not find this head where
it is now."
• We learn, from an incident in the history of
James II., in the nineteenth year of his reign,
that the Commons placed a noble protestation or
declaration for freedom of speech and free delib-
eration upon their Journals, there to remain of
record, and that that arbitrary monarch had the
audacity to tear it from the record with his own
hand; but notwithstanding that petty act, that
noble monument of the manhood and courage of
the members of that Parliament has come down
to us, and should ever be remembered to illustrate
and give meaning to a like provision in our own
Constitution. Here is the protestation itself:
" The Commons, now assembled in Parliament, being
justly occasioned thereunto concerning liberties, franchises,
privileges, and jurisdiction of Parliament, amongst others
not herein mentioned, do make this protestation following:
That the liberties, franchises, privileges, and jurisdiction of
Parliament are the ancient and undoubted birthright and
inheritance of the subjects of England; and that the ardu-
ous and urgent affairs concerning the being, state, and the
defense of the realm, and of the Church of England, and
the making and the maintenance of the laws, and redress
of mischiefs and grievances, which daily happen within
this realm, are proper subjects and matter of counsel and
debate in Parliament; and that in the handling and pro-
ceedings of those businesses every member of the House
hath, and of right ought to have, freedom of speech to pro,
pound, treat, reason, and bring to conclMion the same {
that the Commons in Parliament havei^gfce liberty and
freedom to treat of those matters in such jrder as in their
judgment shall seem fittest; and that every such member
of the said HousiS-hath like freedom from all impeach-
ments, imprisonment, and molestation (other than by the
