1856.]
34th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Ready.
Ho. of Reps.
speech, and thus brings it to the same point and
eame doctrine announced and indorsed by other
gentlemen, " Freedom of speech, and freedom
of the cudgel." My colleagues from the Chester
[Mr. Hickman] and from the Dauphin [Mr.
Kunkel] districts understood the gentleman from
the Alontgomery district in the same way I did;
and it is impossible for him to escape the dilemma,
when he assumes the existence of our power to i
punish, but withholds it in this case because of i
the character and provocation of Mr. Sumner's i
speech. . I
It is but recently I listened to a speech in j
another body, by a distinguished Senator from i
the South, in which he made use of the exprea-*
sions in reference to what had been said by north-
ern Senators. The Senator says bo and so; " I j
don't believe a word of it;" " the Senator don't,
believe it himself." i
This language, offensive in its character, I heard j
with no other feeling than that of regret that
such language should be used, and suet want of j
courtesy should exist between members of a j
body by far the most dignified in the world. If '
any particular friend of mine of this House,
under what the gentleman from South Carolina j
[Mr. Or a] is pleased to call " an honorable im-
pulse, "had so far forgotten the dignity of his
own position, the rights of the member to whom
I refer, and his own self-respect, by the infliction
of a personal chastisement upon the supposed
offender, I would have been amongst the first to
. move and vote for his expulsion. During the
entire session the term " Black Republican" has
been hurled as a reproach upon the members of
this side of the House, without engendering any
such " honorable impulses" as those which meet
with justification from honorable members here.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] in a short letter to his constituents, and
which was laid upon the tables of the members,
used the term " Black Republican." twenty-two
times; de^uncing us for the election of Robert
Morris, a Black Republican, (as, he calls him,) to [
the office of postmaster. Now, sir, we might have I
taken offense at this. Robert Morris is a grandson
of Robert Morris of revolutionary memory, one of
the signers of the Declaration of Independence,
and a man who literally pledged his fortune, and
made himself a bankrupt in the days of the Revo-
lution, for the purpose of feedingand clothing the
soldiers of that memorable struggle. We take
no offense at this, and seek for no personal chas-
tisement of those who use it. It falls with most
harm upon its authors, and places them, by its
frequent repetition, in the humiliating position, in
the eyes of foreign Governments, of sitting here
and transacting business under a black man as
Speaker; and to this day there are men across the
water who, because of this continual ringing of
changes upon the words " Black Republican,"
believe oar Speaker to be a colored man. The
humiliation of this is to those who use it, and
not to those upon whom it is intended as a term
of reproach. |
The doctrine which justifies personal chastise- ;
ment leads to breaches of the peace. I profess i
to be a man of peace, and desirous of cultivating
Jcindness towards all with whom I may be asso-
ciated ; but I am frank enough to admit that, if per-
sonally assailed for the freedom of speech here, I'
am not christian enough to turn my other cheek
to be doubly smitten; and that, if assaulted and
abused as Mr. Sumner was, I would feel, as all
wouldfeel, inclined to resentthe injury hyanother
'violation of the law. Vengeance belongs alone to
tee; or otherwise such deeds of violence' might
prompt poor mortality .to assume the use of its
high office. A man with wounds unhealed and
smarting would naturally feel prepared for ven-
geance, if not <0 assume i$ at least to invoke it
upon the head of his assailant. .This, although
not exactly in self-defense, would be still more
justifiable than the first assault for words alone;
but both, I admit, would be in violation of the
law. This would be a legitimate consequence of
allowing men to take the law in their own hands.
The law which justifies a battery for opinion's
sake is despotism, sod leads to battery in return—
substituting, in a civilized country, wager o f battle
for wager of law. Any other doctrine than that
which teachessubmissionto the Constitution and
the laws must necessarily lead to riot and blood-
shed, and end in the total annihilation of Gov-
ernment itself.
Mr. READY. The member from North Car-
olina [Mr. Clingman] who opened this debate,
is not in his seat; but a remark made by him in
the delivery of that speech has been repeatedly
referred to in the course of this discussion; and
as <the entire South are connected by gentlemen
with the remark attributed to him, I take the lib-
erty, in behalf of that gentleman and of my south-
ern friends, of saying, I did not understand him
to have uttered the sentiment which has been
attributed to him. It is true that he read an ex-
tract from an article written by Benjamin Frank-
lin, in- which the expression was made use of,
that the liberty of the cudgel ought to accompany
the liberty of speech. But f understood him
< merely as intending to administer a caution to
gentlemen who had indulged in vituperation, in
slander, and abuse, that such language was not
to be tolerated. While he did not intend to claim
as a matter of legal right, or in a legal sense, to.
justify the use of the cudgel, he meant to convey
the idea that when such language as is attributed
to the Senator from Massachusetts, is indulged in;
when gentlemen are disposed to exercise so large
a liberty of speech, they may expect the liberty
of the cudgel to be exercised by those against
whom it is directed, as the only prompt, and in
many cases the only efficient, remedy for such
outrages, and as the most ceftain caution against
the repetition. But if southern men feel them-
selves placed in an unfortunate position in which
it is a duty they owe to themselves, to their fam-
ilies , to their kindred in blood, or to their civil and
political obligations, to resort to extreme meas-
ures, and the use of the cudgel, to avenge an in-
sult or aa injury, at the same time, they do it
with a full sense of their responsibility to the
violated laws of the land. They bow to the ma-
jesty of the law, and stand ready to make proper
atonement by prpmpt submission to the laws.
This is the substance of all I understood the
member from North Carolina to advance in his
speech.
This is the first time, in the history of the
country, in which one branch of Congress, has
been called on, to punish a member for an alleged
breach of the privileges of a member of the other
branch. It is, therefore, of,vast importance that
we should act cautiously, and decide correctly.
The course of this debate, if there were nothing
else, would afford a sufficient admonition to gen-
tlemen, of the effect of precedents on all important
questions; and we may regard ourselves as now
about to settle the parliamentary law, which in
aftertimes, is to govern similar questions. Itis my
misfortune to differ, to some extent, from some
of my friends with whom I shall act when I
come to vote,in the reasons which have conducted
my mind to this conclusion. Therefore, it is due
to myself, that I should state to the House, the
reasons on which I- shall act. I agree with the
Senate in one proposition which it announces:
that it has no poorer to punish Preston S.
Brooks, a member of theHouse, for a breach of
privilege. •
This is a government of limited powers. They
are defined by the Constitution; and neither the
Senate nor the House of Representatives can
exercise any power not delegated by that Consti-
tution, or which does not result by necessary
implication, for the purpose of carrying out some
express grant of power. The provision of the
Constitution which has been much commented
and relied on is, that—
"Each House may determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
This is the only clause of the Constitution
which givfes the power to punish. Each House
may punish, and with the concurrence of two
thirds, expel a member. The Senate may punish
and expel a senator. The House may punish and
expel a member. But there is no power granted
to the Senate, to expel a member of the House of
Representatives, or vice versa. And, Mr. Speaker,
it would be idle for either branch of Congress to
attempt the exercise of such a power. This case
furnishes a strong illustration of the argument in
support of my position. If the Senate were to
attempt the exercise of the power, it would be
ineffectual, though its sentence of expulsion
might be pronounced. This House would have
the power to render nugatory any such sentence.
Eacn House has the constitutional right " to
judge of the qualifications of its members," and
the next day, we could admit Mr. Brooks into
our midst and permit him to exercise ail the
rights and privileges and functions of a member,
and the Senate would be powerless to interpose.
This position is in accordance with all the pre-
cedents of the British Parliament, and is adopted
by Mr. Jefferson, in the Manual, for the two
Houses of Congress.
Then the question arises, has the House the
power to punish its members for a breach of the
privileges of the Senate ? It has jurisdiction to
"punish its members for disorderly behavior;
and may, with the concurrence of two thirds,
expel a member."
On the one hand, it is insisted this power
extends only to the behavior of members during
the actual sittings of the House to which they be-
long. On the other, it is contended that it extends
to their behavior out of, as well as in the House.
In view of the numerous precedents which have
occurred during the period of our congressional
history since the adoption of the Constitution, I
am constrained to adopt the last-mentioned view.
But in the absence of any statute defining the
misbehavior out of the House, for which a mem-
ber may be punished, I would, in all such cases,
exercise the power with great caution, and resort
to the extreme punishment of expulsion for mis-
behavior out of the House, only in extreme cases,
characterized by deep turpitude. Such, I believe,
has been the character of all the cases, in which
the power has hitherto been exercised.
But, Mr. Speaker, I cannot perceive any breach
of privilege committed by Mr. Brooks. The
Constitution, in defining the privileges of Sena-
tors and Representatives, says:
" They shall, in all cases, except treason, felony, and
breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest during their
attendance at the session of their respective Houses, and
in going to and returning from the same; and for any speech
or debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in
any other place."
It appears Mr. Brooks took exceptions to a
speech delivered in the Senate by Mr. Sumner,
a Senator from Massachusetts, and published in
the newspapers. It appears Mr. Brooks accosted
Mr. Sumner in the Senate Chamber, after the
Senate had adjourned and said: " Mr. Sumner,
I have read your speech carefully, and with as
much calmness as I could be expected to read
such a speech. You have libeled my State, and
slandered my relation, who is aged and absent,
and I feel it to be iny duty to punish you for it."
" He then struck Mr. Sumner with his walking
cane, and gave him repeated and severe blows."
The resolution reported by the committee for
die expulsion of Mr. Brooks is founded on the
alleged fact that the assault was committed for
words spoken in debate in the Senate; and is,
therefore, a violation of the constitutional free-
dom of speech and debate. All agree there was a
violation of the law, for which the violator sub-
jected himself to the penalties of the law, in a
judicial proceedirig. But whether there was a
violation of the privileges of the Senate, is a
question more difficult of solution. The Senate,
as alegislative body, was not disturbed, hindered,
or delayed, in the transaction of its business; and
I apprehend, if it has cause of complaint, it is
for the breach of the individual Senator's privi-
lege. Was there a breach of his privilege ? And
if there was, is this the proper mode of redress
and punishment?  
A Senator is privileged from all arrests, under
certain conditions, except for treason, felony, and
breach of the peace. This is a privilege personal
to each member, and which the Senate, in the
exercise of its legislative functions, has no power
to protect. It is a restraint on judicial process,
in favor of the member. However just grounds
may exist for an*arrest, his privilege is his pro-
tection, except in the cases specified. If he should
be arrested by judicial projeess, in violation of his
