922
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 12
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
privilege, his remedy is by plea before the court,
asserting his privilege, or by a writ of habeas
corpus, under which, thejudge having jurisdiction,
would order his discharge. The Senate would
have no control over it. In connection with this
privilege, in the same section and sentence of the
Constitution, it is provided that, " for any speech
or debate in either House, they (Senators and
Representatives') shall not be questioned in any
other place." The juxtaposition, in the same
sentence, of those two privileges, (from arrest
and freedom of speech,) is a fact strongly indi-
cating their near relationship, as well in the man-
ner of enforcing them, as in the character of their
benefits. If the first can only be enforced by
individual claim, in legal form, why should the
second be enforced differently? A Senator or
Representative is arrested by virtue of a bail
writ—he pleads his privilege, and the court dis-
charges him from the arrest. If he does not
choose to plead his privilege, he enters.bail, ap-
pears and pleads to the merits of the action, and
the cause proceeds as against any private citizen.
If questioned for any speech or debate in either
House—that is, if sued for slander or libel—he
pleads his privilege, and the court pronounces
judgment in his favor. Buthe may, if he choosefe,
waive his privilege in this case as in the arrest and
Elead to the merits of the action. For example:
e may justify the words spoken; and upon prov-
ing his plea of justification, or any other defense
he may plead to the merits, the issue will be found
in his favor, and the plaintiff mulct with the costs.
It is obvious his remedy for the enforcement of
his privilege, is as complete in the one case as in the
other—is the same in each, and in either he may
waive his right. ;
But then, it is said, the privilege of a Senator
is a protection against assault for any speech or
debate in either House. So the private citizen
is protected, by his common-law rights, from
assault for words spoken under all circumstances.
The protection of one is as effectual as the other;
and Both are equally protected by the same com-
mon law, without resorting to any special privi-
lege for one. There is nothing in the Constitu-
tion giving to the person of the Senator any
greater sanctity than to that of a private citizen;
nor is there anything special about his privilege
of speech, except his immunity from pecuniary
damages for its abuse. An assault which would
be a violation of the rights and privileges of one,
would be equally so of the other. I therefore in-
sist, there has been no breach of privilege which
belongs peculiarly to a Senator.
v. Nevertheless, if it be a breach of the privilege
of a Senator, as such, to assault him for words
spoken in debate, Mr. Scmner's privilege has
not been violated. The assault was after the
printing and circulation of the speech; and was
made with reference to the printed speech, as
proved by the words addressed to Mr. Sumner
by Mr. Brooks immediately before.
In reference to the freedom of speech and de-
bate in the British Parliament, Judge Story, in
his Commentaries on the Constitution, says:
" This privilege is strictly confined to things done in the
course of parliamentary proceedings, and does not cover
things done beyond the place and limits of duty. There-
fore, although a spccch delivered in the House of Commons
is privileged, and Uie member cannot be questioned re-
■pecting'U elsewhere, yet, if he publishes his speech, and
it contains libelous matter, he is liable to an action and
prosecution therefor, as in common cases of libel.
" And the same principles seem applicable to the privi-
lege of debate and speech in Congress. No man ought to
have a right to defame others under color of the perform-
ance of the duties of his office. And if he does so in the
actual discharge of his duties in Congress, that furnishes no
reason why he should be enabled, through the medium of
the press, to destroy the reputation and invade the peace of
other citizens."
It is true, the application of this rule to*a mem-
ber of Congress was denied in the House of Rep-
resentatives, in the proceedings againt General
Houston (not then a member) for an assault of
Mr. Stansbery, a member from Ohio. And a
distinction was taken between its application to
English and American legislation, on the ground
that " in the former, the publication of the de-
bates is not strictly lawful, except by license of
the House; and in the latter, it is a common
right, exercised and supported by the direct en-
couragement of the body."
The adoption of the committee's resolution
would not only be a harsh sentence, but it would
be unprecedented and unjust.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to submit many remarks, at this late hour.
The fifteen-minute rule, which has been adopted
by the House to-day, would prevent me from
discussing the question at length, even if I de-
sired to do so. I have risen, therefore, to refer
; to but one or two points which have been made
j in the progress of this discussion, and which,in
I my judgment, demand some notice.
I And, first, as to the remark made by the gen-
j tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leiter,] who has just
' taken his seat. That gentleman believes that
the House possesses the power which it has ex-
i ercised, in originating this prosecution; and he
is for using the power of punishment, in the
present case, to the extent recommended in the
resolutions reported by the majority of the com-
mittee. He entertains no doubt as to the propri-
ety of the expulsioif of one of the parties impli-
1 cated, and entertains as little doubt of the pro-
priety of censuring the other two. Now, sir,
let us look into the power of this House to punish,
as claimed by the majority, and see to what ex-
tent they propose to carry it. 1
Suppose you expel my friend from South Car-
olina, and he returns to his constituents—an-
nouces himself a caudidate for reelection—i?
reelected, as he will be, by a unanimous vote, and
comes back to this House and presents his certifi-
cate of election in due form, what will you do
with him then ? Will you undertake to refuse
him admission to his seat? Will you originate
another investigation—try him a second time for
the same offense—and, by way of further punish-
ment, deny him the right of membership? Such is
the extent to which the doctrine proclaimed by the
majority goes; but when the case presents itself,
I can hardly imagine that they will attempt to
carry it into practice. •
Or take another case, which may very readily
occur in these excited times. This Congress ex-
pires bylaw on the 4th of March next. Sup-
pose that, on the last night of the session, a mem-
ber of this House, for good and sufficient reason
in his own judgment, goes into the Senate Cham-
ber, or the Rotunda, or on the Avenue, and makes
an assault upon a Senator. The session expires
on that night, and before you can originate pro-
ceedings, and make your investigation, and pro-
nounce your judgment, the hour for adjournment
arrives, and our representative existence is
closed. The member who committed the assault
returns to his constituents, is reelected by them,
and comes back to take his seat in the next Con-
gress. What will you do with him, under these
circumstances ? Will the new Congress, so soon
as it is organized, take up the case, organize a
committee, emopwer them to send for persons
and papers, ana proceed to investigate the as-
sault ? Even if the Senate should make a formal
complaint, that the privileges of a member of
their body had been violated, do you believe (in
the case supposed) that a majority of the House
would attempt to act upon it? The doctrine
which has been proclaimed by the majority, in
the long discussion to which we have listened,
would require action on the part of the House,
and such action, in their opinion, would be just-
ified by the Constitution. Now, sir, I submit it
to the practical common sense of every member
of this House to. say, whether he believes any
such idea ever entered the heads of the framers
of the Constitution—that they ever dreamed of
action by the House in such a case ?
I But, say gentlemen, if my doctrine be true 
members will be constantly liable to assault, and
there will be no remefly! It is n#t so, sir. It is
the duty of every member in debate to confine
, himself within the limits of parliamentary pro-
priety and decorum, and in his intercourse with
his fellow-members to conduct himself with gen-
tlemanly courtesy. If he will observe this rule,
he will be in no danger of assault. If, however,
in the discharge of his duty, he is wiled upon to
Without taking time" now, to discuss the pro-
priety of this distinction, it is enough to say it
is fully obviated by a fact which does not appear
in the report of the committee, but has been since
developed in a judicial proceeding, namely, that
Mr. Sumner's speech, which caused the assault,
was actually published before it was delivered in
the Senate, and that he frequently read from the
printed speech during the delivery. Then it was
deliberately prepared and published, and its poison
sent to the world, without any shield to protect
its author. The Senator could not afterwards
encase himself in the armor of senatorial privi-
lege, by speaking it in the Senate Chamber; and
if it contains libelous matter, his privilege would
not protect him against a suit for damages. If it
would not avail him as a defense, much less will
it avail, to sustain a proceeding thereon against
Mr. Brooks, in the nature of a criminal prosecu-
tion. Under such circumstances, the parties are
subject only to the cognizance of the judicial tri-
bunals.
But, suppose Mr. Brooks has committed a
breach of the Senator's privilege: is it the duty
of the House to expel him ? There have been
in this Hall, numerous assaults and personal
rencounters by, upon, and between, members of
the House, while in actual session, for words
spoken in debate. In such cases, there was
more than a breach of the privilege of a mem-
ber. There was a breach of the privileges of
the whole House, and an indignity put upon it.
Yet no one therein concerned, was ever expelled
or censured; nor am"I aware there was any pro-
Eosition to do either. Similar occurrences have
appened in the Senate, between Senators, with
similar results. Instances have not been rare,
in which members of this House, for like causes,
have met in deadly conflict, and one at least,
terminated fatally to one of the parties. Distin-
guished Senators too, even with their senatorial
robes upon them, have met on the field, panting
to slay each other, for some real or imaginary
injury, inflicted, perchance, by words in debate.
It is, doubtless, within the memory of some
now present, that within the last half dozen
years, in the Senate Chamber, while the Presi-
dent of the body, gavel in hand, was actually
presiding over its deliberations, an angry strife
arose between two Senators, one of _ whom,
armed with a deadly weapon, exhibited it to the
full view of the Senate, while the other exclaimed,
"He has a pistol to shoot me!" then bared
his breast, and bade him fire, and which, proba-
bly, the interposition of others prevented. There
was no expulsion, or even vote of censure,in any
of these cases; and, if I am not mistaken, there
was no proposition to expel, except in the single
case which terminated fatally.
Mr. Brooks committed an assault and battery
on Mr. Sumner when the Senate was not in ses-
sion. It was not a deadly assault, or intended to
be so. It was done under what he considered
great provocation. He felt that the revolutionary
character and patriotism of his State, and the
character of an aged, distinguished, and absent
relative, had been wantonly assailed and libeled
by Mr. Sumner. He felt that, as a son and
representative of that gallant State—as the rel-
ative of the distinguished man referred to, it
was his duty to avenge the insult. I shall not
undertake to decide whether the injury was real
or imaginary—whether injustice has been done
by Mr. Sumner or not. His speech has been
read by the members of this House, and the
country; and I leave it to them to judge. I have
not the heart to judge a man harshly who was
impelled to action by the feelings which I believe
prompted him. If called on, in the exercise of
an unquestionable right and duty, to inflict pun-
ishment in such a case, I should temper justice
with mercy.
We are called on to inflict the severest penalty
known to legislative authority—to expel a mem-
ber as an unworthy and unsafe associate, whose
only crime is a simple misdemeanor, committed
under feelings, it may be, too sensitive, yet exci-
ted by patriotism, gratitude, and affection. While  &  , , ih iiri - -i,
we may not approve the act, we cannot condemn expose abuses, denounce trau , p gu y
the generous impulses of his heart, without feel- . parties to the eyes of the worl , a , "
i ing that icicles have gathered around our own. > ■ ed, the remedy is with the courts, which have
