998
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
fcfine * legal voter. For all «h« appears, his residence
may have been in Illinois during the period of his absence. , |
He mav have left a wife there; or lus parents may have
I,v,>| there, and their home may have been his; it may -
haw b-en «o understood ami regarded by theni all. Ho
m*v hare been absent oil a special errand, or for a particular
purpose, ami with the intention ol" returning, lie may
have haJ no home—obtained no residence elsewhere.
These suggestions must be negatived before his vote can
be rejected : that they cannot he h inferable fVom the I'.ut,
that no attempt has been marie to do so. It is to be pre-
sumed that ttie jutl*es of election did their duty, and received
no illegal votes. I; they failed to do their duty, it must be
proved. The presumption, that they received no votes
which they liad not a right to receive, and lliat no person
voted who' had not a right to vote, has not been overcome
bv the evidence." |
The committee say h® may have left a wi^ or ;
parents there, of may hare been absent on a special
errand, inteiuling to return. Ho may have had
no residence else where, and that these suggestions
must be negatived before his vote can tie rejected,
for they say, if must be presumed the judges did their
duty. Now, that I should be called on to prove
a negative, tinder such circumstances, will strike
every lawyer in the House as supremely ridicu-
lous, aud I shall not stop to argue it; but the fur-
ther proposition they lay down, that the judges
of an election are to be presumed to have per-
formed their duty, is sound law, and will meet
the approbation of everjr^lawyer and every man
of sense in this House. Ana while I deny that
the onus of proof rests upon me, 1 shall hold the
committee to the principle of the law which they
lay down, that is, " that if the judges failed to do 1
their duty, it must be proved. It is that rule
of law which makes the official returns and cer-
tificate prima facie evidence of my owi election,
and effectually overturns all the reasonings, and
all the conclusions, to which the majority of the
committee arrived in their report on the evidence
submitted. Take the case of Alfred Cowden,
who they say voted illegally. The contestant
proves that, in a conversation he had with Jesse
Buckner, Francis Wilson, and William Handy,
some five or si* months after the election, ne
(Cowden) told them that he had voted for me,
and that he was under age at the lime. Whether
he told them the truth about his age, or how he
voted; whether he voted in Illinois, or in some
other State; in the seventh congressional district
or in the first, is not shown; but this evidence, in
connection with a certificate from the county
clerk, that the name Alfred, Cowden appears on the
poll-books of one precinct in Clark county, is
enough to satisfy the contestant that he voted
illegally, and that his vote should be taken from
the number cast for me. What becomes of their
doctrine, that the judges are presumed to do their
duty ? But it seems the majority of the commit-
tee, in their report, were unwilling to let in such
testimony; hence they give no opinion upon the
question, as to the admissibility of this testimony.
It thus leaves the case, so far as illegal votes are
concerned, with no legitimate testimony on that
subject save that of Lowiy, which shows that
one vote should be taken from the number cast
for the contestant, which would give me two ma-
jority, instead of one, as by the official return,
leaving out of view the two ballots at the Liv-
ingston precinct, first rejected, and afterwards
counted by the judges. 1 shall now proceed to a
consideration of these two ballots, upon which
it is said this contest turns. I desire to say that
I have never, in any manner, recognized the right
of the committee to give leave to the contestant
to take testimony, after the ease was submitted,
without an order from the House to that effect.
Such a course is in direct conflict with the plain
provisions of the law, and is supported by no
precedent.
The resolution of the committee was passed on
the 14th day of March, 1856. It required the
additional evidence to be taken and returned in
forty days. I had submitted the case on the tes-
timony as it was then stated, and did not desire
to take further testimony. The necessity for the
testimony upon my part would, of course, depend
upon what was proven by the contestant, if any-
thing. On the 31st day of March I was served
with notice, by the contestant, that he would
proceed to take depositions at Marshall, in Clark
county, on the 14th day of April; and a few days
afterward, that he would take depositions in Law-
rence county on the 28th day of April, and in
Jasper county on the 6th day of May, thus cov-
ering, by his notices, all the time allotted by tl*e
committee in their resolutions,and precluding me,
under the provisions of the act, (section tenth,)
from giving him notice to take any; for that act
expressly declares that I should not give hira
notice to take, within five days of the time fixed
by him to take them; and as I was precluded by
law from taking rebutting testimony, just as I
was by law, in tne first instance, by lus not taking
any until the very last of the sixty days within
which it had to be taken. It is true that he him-
self did not attend, either at Lawrence or Jasper,
and took no depositions at either place. Whether
he designed doing so when he gave the notice, or
whether it was done for the purpose of cutting me
offfrom the benefitoftheresolutions,Icannotsay.
It was an unparalleled usurpation of a power by
the committee that the law reserved to the House;
and until the House should act upon it, I was
willing to rest upon the case as it stood. It was
no fault of mine, or of the people of my district,
that he had not given me notice, as the law
required, when he proceeded originally to take
his evidence; or that most of that evidence-was
taken out of time; or that his witnesses did not
come up to the mark,and swear what he expected ,
them to; or that the contestant had botched—yes, j;
botched, for I have Greeley's authority.for that !
terra—his case. I stood upon' the law of 1851,
and on the committee's principle, laid down,
"that the judges of the election were supposed
to have done their duty, until the contrary was
shown." And I was not inclined to waive what
rights I had under the law, leave my duties here,
and travel over the country, at the beck and nod
of the committee. If that committee had pursued
the course the chairman informed me they in-
tended to pursue—to submit a resolution to the
House asking further time to take depositions—
then I would have submitted to the judgment of
the House, and no word of complaint would have
been heard from me. They chose to change their
minds as to the course they would pursue. I
chose to stand upon my legal rights, and appeal
from their unauthorized act to the House 1 The
contestant made profert of the two ballots ori-
ginally rejected by the judges on the count, and
afterwards counted for ium, and submitted them
to the inspection of the House. _ A personal
inspection of the ballots would, I think, satisfy
any reasonable mind that they were properly
rejected, the opinion of the majority of the com- Jj
mittee to the contrary notwithstanding. ||
As to the determination of this question, so far j
as it wa3 to be determined by inspection of the
ballots, we had to look first at the law of the
State regulating the mode of voting by ballot.
The law requires that the names of the persoiTs
voted for shall be written or printed upon clean
white paper, and (hat the same shall be carefullv
folded up, &c., and that in this condition it shall
be handed to the judges, and by one of them
deposited in the ballot-box. Under this law the
practice has obtained, as was done in this instance,
of printing on the ballots the names of all the can-
didates running for the different offices, leaving
to the voter the choice between them on the same
ticket. The names that the voters do not intend
to support are stricken off, defaced, or oblitera-
ted; sometimes with a pen; somclimes with a
pencil; sometimes with one thing; sometimes with
another, indicating to the judges by some mark,
erasure, defacement, or obliteration, that it was
not the intention of the party to vote the name.
Hence, it becomes a matter of the first import-
ance to the voter, to see, before he deposits his
ballot, that the names of the persons for whom
he intended to vote are in sucn condition as. to
lead to no mistake on the part of the judges. I
much regret the disappearance of these ballots,
for we are compelled to make up our judgment of
them from what are said of them ill the depo-
sitions and papers. Let us then take the one
erased with a pencil, first rejected and afterwards
counted to him. The committee say, "the pre-
sumption is that the voter intended to vote for
: somebody for Congress, and that the blur upon
the ticket to very faint, and so readily accounted for,
iupon a different hypothesis than that of intentional
!i erasure, fails to negative this presumption." Now, j
1 upon what that other hypothesis is, the commit- I
tee have not informed us. I can imagine none,
save the one given by the contestant in his state-
ment filed with the committee on the 8th of May
last:
<' Over the name of the undersigned there.appears some-
thing that discolors the paper, but it is very evident, from an
inspection of it, that it was not inndc by the party vviio
erased the other names, or at least was not made with the
same pencil used in the other erasures. That was a pencil
with a sharp point, ag appears from the character of all the
lines across the other names, and several lines were drawn
with it across each name. But the coloring over the name
of the undersigned is dim and indistinct, and although it
has the appearance of having been done with a pencil, yet
is so slight as not to amount to an erasure. It appears more
probably to have been produced by doubling the ballot over,
by which the pencil mark in the other names may have
made an impression upon this. At all events, its dimness
forbids the idea that it was an erasure. Besides, the marks
erasing the other names pass clear through them—beyond
the name upon the right. Not so in this instance, ant! the
undersigned submits that he is entitled to this vote also."
He says that " over his name is something that
discolors the paper, and that although it has the
appearance of having been done with a pencil,
yet it is so slight as not to amount to an erasuit,"
and his hypothesis is, that it was done by folding
the paper, containing pencil marks on other names
over it. Now, if the other marks had been made
with ink, there would have been some ground for
such a conclusion; b\^ pencil marks are not thua
transferred from one part of paper to another, and
the very reason the contestant gives for this con-
clusion, affords the strongest evidence that he is
mistaken in it. He says, "Besides, the marks
erasing the other names pass clear through them, be-
yond the name upon the right." All this is true.
Now I submit if the blur was caused by the fold-
ing of the paper, from the pencil marks upon the
other names, some evidence would be left of these
marks, where they extended beyond and to the
right of the name. The same marks which left
their impress upon one part of the paper would
leave them upon another; so that this theory
must fall to the ground. I charge, and I think I
could have shown, that these pencil-marks origin-
ally extended not only over his name, but for
more than an inch beyond and to the right of the
name, tapering to a point as it passed to the right,
and that these marks have been erased from the
paper. This could be discovered with the naked
eye where held obliquely to the light; but it was
very clear, when brought under a magnifying
glass;and the true explanation is then, that how-
ever secure tkese judges may have thought the
i ballots had been kept, somebody had been med-
! dling with this ballot, and had succeeded in eras-
ing the pencil marks from the blank paper, and
had scattered it on the printed matter without
taking it off. And if any one will make the trial,
draw pencil lines across a printed name, and then
take a piece of india-rubber and attempt to erase
them, they will produce the same effect upon that
name as was produced upon this name. Take the
same kind of paper and tne effect will be the same.
You can remove the pencil mark from the blank
paper, but not from the printed name. When
this was done, or by whom, I know not. No
one would have attempted this, and then voted
the ballot in .that condition. It must have been
done subsequent.to the original count. It showed
an attemptto commit fraud, and infused the whole
transaction with fraud.
I do*not wish to be understood as attributing
the fraud to the contestant, or attributing to him
any knowledge of it. The committee themselves,
however, admit, in their report, that there may
be some doubt about this vote, and I submit, that
holding the seat as" the sitting member, I am
entitled to the benefit of that doubt.
But what of the other ticket? The majority of
the committee have concluded that the other bal-
lot at first rejected by the judges, and counted to
the contestant on the second count, was intended
as a vote for the contestant, and they draw this
conclusion from the fact, that, a portion of the
names are erased with pen and ink, and argue
that if the voter had not intended to vote for the
contestant his name would have been erased in
the same way. This does not follow. If every
man prentired his own ticket, or if no name was
stricken off, except under the direction of the
voter, there would be some force in this argument.
But every man, at all conversant with the man-
i agement of partisans in the West, where tickets
