1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
929
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
are printed as these were, knows that this is not
often the case. Certain gentlemen about the day of 1
an election are exceedingly accommodating; and
tickets are generally to be found in lots at stores
and groceries, and at other public places, where
they are generally called for oy the voters. And
most generally are to be found with the names of
such candidates as that grocery or other estab-
lishment favors, on the ticket, and all others
stricken off, so that they are ready for such as
may desire to vote a party ticket; and unless
tickets are thus prepared you seldom find them
stricken out with a pen and ink. If wanted for
immediate use they are generally stricken out
with a pencil, for if erased with ink they would
be liable in folding to blot. The strong proba-
bility then is, that is the way this ticket had been
prepared, and that the voter desired to vote a j
party vote, as far as he voted at«ll. i
The question which then presents itself is:
Would the voter, had he intended to vote for j
Colonel Archer, have thus cut and mutilated his
name ? That would be unreasonable. Here are i
two parallel cuts with some sharp instrument,
running the whole length of the name; both of j
-about equallength, ana, from their distance from
each other all the way, destroying the presump-
tion that they were accidentally made. Both, as
would have been seen by examination, having
been made on the face and not on the back of
the ticket, it would seem evident that the party
voting did not make them for any purpose other
than to indicate his design not to vote for the can-
didate, and although he did not completely cut
out the name, he mutilated it to such an extent
that it would be evident that he did not wish to
vote for him. No banker or broker would dis-
count a promissory note for twenty dollars, with
the name of the drawer or endorser thus muti-
lated. And the judges seem to have had no hesi-
tancy in rejecting it when they first counted the
ballots; and without some proof from the party
voting, or from some other source, it seems to
me that the House must sustain me in this opin-
ion. No man in his senses would have voted a
ticket, designing that it should be counted for him,
thus mutilated, and subjected to doubt and rejec-
tion. But this ticket would be bad for another
reason. The act regulating the voting by ballot
in the State of Illinois, expressly declares that,
all ballots having upon them marks or figures in-
tending to distinguish them from other tickets,
shall be rejected by the judges; but I am not
inclined to lay a stress upon this law, for it
was evidently rejected properly, for the other
reason.
To sum up the whole case then, if this House
shall disregard the hearsay testimony as to Cow-
den's vote, (which I think they will,) and deduct
from the vote of the contestant, the vote of Low-
ry, which he says was illegally cast for him,
then my majority will be two instead of one, as
by the official returns. And the admission for him
of the ballot cut with a knife, would still leave
me a majority of one; and if the House should
determine that both these ballots shall be given
. to him it would only be a tie vote, and the con-
testant would not be entitled to his seat.
But with entire disregard of the law of Con-
gress, to which I coula alone look, and upon
which I had a right to rely; with all the irregular-
ities in procuring his testimony; with the incon-
sistency in the testimony in regard to the preser-
vation of the ballots; with the almost absolute
certainty that one of these tickets had been tam-
pered with, and the consequent suspicion thrown
upon the whole transaction; with the presumption
in favor of the judges, where they were unbiased,
uninfluenced, and uncontrolled by any considera-
tion but that of right, it seems ^to me that this
House cannot hesitate as to what the result should
be. These doubts and uncertainties will certainly
forbid that the House should, by the adoption of
the two resolutions reported by the majority of
tho committee, displace me, and give to the con-
testant the seat. But if by the law and testimony
I am not entitled to my seat here, I have no desire
to hold it; and if in the judgment of thi? House,
under the law and the testimony, it is even doubt-
ful who is entitled to it, I, for one, am willing to
submit it to the people of my district for tneir
arbitrament.
New Series—No, 59.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. HARRIS,
of illinois,
In the Hodse op Representatives,
July 17,1856.
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec ■
tions, in the Contested-Election Case from Illinois,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Speaker: There are some novel points
presented by the committee in this case, and
upon a few of these only do I intend to remark.
The election from which this contest comes, was
held on the 7th day of November, 1854. It was
held in conformity with the law of the State of
Illinois. The judges and clerks of the election
made their returns in due form, to the canvassing
officers of the State, and upon these returns the
Governor issued his certificate of election to the
sitting member. Now it is worth while to ask,
when was it, where was it, and how was it, that
this alleged error was discovered, upon which it
is sought to eject the sitting member and give
his seat to the contestant? If we look into the
evidence to settle this point, it will enable us to
come to a satisfactory conclusion, and afford a ;
solution to the whole question.
It is true, that a notice that the sitting member's
seat would be contested, was served upon him
within the time required by law; but it is equally j
true that the notice did not contain any of the
specifications which the law requires. It is also
true that the contestant, when he gave that notice,
did not know how he was to contest it, or upon
what particular grounds; or if he did, he was
guilty of disingenuousness in not specifying them
as the law, as every sense of fairness required him
to do. But, from the testimony, we are left with-
out a doubt that when he gave the notice he did
not know how, or upon what points, he was to
make the contest. In his notice, therefore, he
dealt only in generalities. He constructed a drag-
net notice, by which he could include everything
which chance or circumstances might reveal. But
when did he make any discoveries upon which
he thought he could rely ? He attempted, on one
occasion, to take testimony to show that illegal
votes had been polled by Cowden and Lowry.
But that attempt was a failure; for the contestant i
says, in presenting his claim to a seat:
" The evidence shows that two illegal votes were cast— |
one for Mr. Allen, and one for the undersigned; but this
does not alter the result, as one sets off against the other."
—p. 30.
Now, here is the statement of Mr. Archer,
deliberately made, that one illegal vote was polled
for him. By that declaration let him be con-
cluded, for he spoke the truth. This would give
Mr. Allen two majority, instead of one. But he
says there was one illegal vote (that of Cowden)
polled for Mr. Allen. Fortunately we have the
testimony upon which this last declaration was
founded, and the testimony shows no such thing.
And 1 now ask any member of the House to
show one word of testimony in the report to sus-
tain that declaration. There is some testimony
that certain persons said that they had heard
another man say that he had voted for Mr. Allen,
when he had no right to vote.. But are we to
disfranchise a congressional district of a hundred
thousand inhabitants, on hearsay testimony that
would not be received in a ^magistrate's court when
a shilling was in controversy ? And yet, upon
this testimony, this Committee of Elections pro-
Cose and ask the House to turn the sitting mem-
er from his seat, and give it to Mr. Archer;
while, by his own declarations, he received
clearly two majority of the votes cast.
But another point is, who discovered the alleged
error in the count at Livingston precinct? The
election was held on the 7th of November, 1854;
and the contestant had, for nearly four months,
been unable to discover any wrong, error, or
fraud, which he could show to this House, as a
right to a seat here. Who made the discovery ?
The only light given us upon this important point
is in the testimony of Mr. Hutchinson; and he
testifies very fairly. What does he say? I will
read:
" Question. By whom, and for what reason, were you
induced to recount the votes, on the 2d March, A. D. 1855?
"Jlnswer. The votes were recounted at the request of w.
B. Archer, who informed us that a mistake had been made
in the count."
Now, sir, according to the concurrent testi-
mony of the witnesses, the ballots, upon the count
on the evening of the election, were placed in the
box, and the box was sealed up; and so the wit-
nesses think it was until the 2d of March, 1855.
All the judges and clerks swear they believe they
had made a correct return of the votes at the
time. No human being except them knew what
was in the box—nobody had a key to open it—
and there the ballots arjd tally-sheet lay for four
months—no mortal dreaming of a mistake until
William B. Archer, the contestant, " informed
the judges that a mistake had been made in the
count." Now,howdidhe find it out? By what
sort of revelation or political penetration was it,
that the contestant was the first person to dis-
cover this alleged mistake? All the judges and
clerks were sworn to tell the whole truth, and not
one of them says that he told Archer of any mis-
take. Nor could they, for they did not believe
any had occurred. In fact, the evidence shows
that, instead of their informing Archer that a
mistake had occurred, Archer informed them of it.
Now, can any candid mind come to any other
conclusion than that some one (I do not mean
the judges and clerks) had become apprised that
something could be made by a recount? And how
could they be so apprised without having had
access to the ballots ? And if access had been had
to the ballots clandestinely, then any results fol-
lowing a recount are, from necessity, to be re-
jected.
Let us look into the testimony for an explana-
nation of the difficulty. What is the evidence
about the keys to the box?
Here is the testimony of Mr. Hutchinson:
" Question. In whose possession was the ballot-box and
key Irom the election on the 7th November, 1854, until the
recounting on the 2d March, 1855 ? Tf in yours, state why
the ballfit box was not given to one of the judges, and the
key to another, as required by the statute.
"Answer. They were both in my possession during that
time. The key was my own private properly, and after the
box was locked, the other judges had left the house where
the election was held; the key that belonged to the ballot-box
was lost."—Pp. 37-38.
What now says Birch ?
" We put the ballots into the ballot-box and locked it up.
I do not remember who took the box. I took the key and
put it away, and never have seen it since, but think that H. H.
Hutchinson took the ballot-box."
Now, I do not think there is any contradiction
in the testimony of these two judges on this
point. They both probably testified to the truth;
and taking the statements of both, it is clear that
there were two keys—a " private " one, which
Mr. Hutchinson says he had, in lieu of the one
which " belonged to the ballot-box, which [key]
was lost." He thought it lost—but in fact Birch
had it—for he says, " I took the key and put it
away, and never have seen it since." If Birch
| put it away he knew where he put it, and if he
knew where he put it, why had he " never seen
it since?" It was wanted to open the box. He
was one of the men who opened it. Why did
he not get his key, which he had carefully " put
away?" The only answer that can be given is,
that if he ever went to get it, at the place where
it was "put away," it was not there, and of
course he could not see it. Somebody had taken
it away and used it, and Birch " haa never seen
it since." No, and the probability is that he
never looked for it much, if at all, knowing that
it would be a waste of time. The use of that key
enabled some one to inform the contestant that he
could make a profitable recount of the ballots in
that box. He then informed the judges, and
the recount was had. This explains how the
contestant knew of the alleged error.
Mr. NORTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will reply to his question. The manner in
which this information could'have befen obtained
by Mr. Archer was, simply to count the number of
names upon the tally-list, and compare them with
the number of votes returned for both candidates.
It is notorious that there were returned for Mr.
Archer one hundred votes, and for Mr. Allen
forty-seven votes. The tally-list shows that there
were more than that number of votes cast. And
it was the easiest thing in the world for .one of
the judges to have informed Mr. Archer that one
