1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
931
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Millson.
Ho. of Reps.
and not as they originally were. Then, in fact,
the ballots were passed upon only by two of those
judges; and one of them still declares that, in his 1
opinion, the original count was right, and the I
subsequent one wrong. The first counting was I
unanimously agreed upon at the time as right;
and yet, when you have but two judges, one for '
and one against, you are asked to set aside the
first count and receive these ballots. Injustice I
and wrong could not go further. !
Now, sir, I do not intend to go into an exam- j
ination of the technical points presented in the ;
case. They are embodied in the statement of the |
sitting member, and they have been presented in
his argument. If this House is now prepared to
disregard the law of the country for the accom-
plishment of a purpose; if they are prepared to
say that these provisions of the statute-book,
placed there, upon mature consideration, as a
proper mode of guarding the returns of votes for
members of this House, and protecting as well
the rights of members as the rights of the people,
shall be set aside by a party majority, and for
party purposes, it will be the longest stride on
the road to ruin yet taken. If you can tamper
with ballot-boxes after election returns are made;
if you allow men to handle ballots, and even have I
the power to change or mutilate them, after the
election is closed, and upon the divided statement
of an irresponsible body of men change the re- !
turn, you open wide the doors to fraud and
crime—crime not only against the rights of your •
district, but against the institutions of the country.
There is not a man in the land, I venture to
assert, who would not say that, when the judges
passed upon the ballots at the time of the election,
when they had all the means of determining the
matter candidly, uninfluenced by any statement,
uninfluenced by the fact of a close vote, uninflu-
enced by the fact that two votes would determine
the result of the election, you should take that
decision, and abide by it. If you are to sanction
the doctrine, that this House can, after a return
•of that sort, set the whole of it aside, and thereby
create a state of things where the vote of one
sovereign State may, under certain circumstances,
and upon the greatest question of election that can
come before country, be reversed—if the House
is prepared, and by a party vote, to sanction an
act of that kind, then, sir, this is but the begin-
ning of a series of contests for seats upon this
floor, which will disclose a degree of depravity
which we will all regret to see, and the conse- j
quences of which we cannot but fearfully appre- |
hend. I beg, therefore, that every member, before j
he votes upon this case, will look carefully to the i
consequences of his vote. If gentlemen think 1
that it is a case upon which doubts rest, (I think
there is none; I think that the sitting member is
clearly entitled to a seat,) there is one way to
settle the question—send them both back to their
constituents, and let them settle it. The election
is close at hand, and the people can settle it in
accordance with their sense of duty to themselves
and to the country. For myself from the evi-
dence— and I know nothing of the case except
from that—I am as certain that the sitting member
is as much entitled to his seat as any one in the
House, and so I shall vote. This is all I have
to say.
ILLINOIS CONTE8TED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. MILLSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
Ik the House of Representatives ,
July 17,1856.
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions, iq the Contested-Election Case from Illinois—
Mr. MILLSON said:
Mr. Speaker: As this is one of those cases
which it especially becomes us to examine with
care, and decide with impartiality, I have inspect-
ed the record of evidence with as much attention
as was necessary to enable me to determine the
conclusion to which I should come. I shall em-
ploy but a few minutes in explaining the reasons
that have controlled the determination to which
I have been brought in the course of the exam-
ination that I have given to the proceedings in
this case.
I may say, Mr. Speaker, in advance, that I felt
myself constrained to support the conclusions
reported by the minority or the committee on all
the grounds which they have presented. I think
that each and every one of the grounds taken by
the minority is in itself sufficient to bar the ap-
plication of the contestant. But as they are very
clearly set forth in the report, I do not propose
to repeat them. I have risen simply to suggest
some views which have not been presented, at
least in the connection in which I design to pre-
i sent them. ^
| The contestant haRiotified the sitting member
1 of his purpose to contest his seat in these words:
j " That the returns made by the returning officers, as of-
ficially announced, are incorrect, and that the poll-books
of theseveral counties in this district show that i received
a majority of the legal votes polled in the said district for
the said office, and am entitled to the certificate of election
therefrom."
Now, sir, admitting the sufficiency of this
notice—although I think it insufficient for any
purpose—it is a notice that the contestant denies
the correctness of the returns of the election, be-
, cause it appears by the poll-books that the con-
! testant received a majority of the legal votes.
The House will readily perceive the difference
between a contested election, on the ground of
errors of the returns, and a contested election on
the ground of illegal votes given to the successful
candidate. I will illustrate it by a simple case.
Let me suppose that Mr. Allen received ten votes
in the district—that Mr. Archer received eleven
votes in the district, and that the returning officer
nevertheless gave the certificate of election to Mr.
Allen, who had received ten votes, and not to
Mr. Archer, who had received eleven. In that
case it would be sufficient for Mr. Archer to con-
test the election on the ground that he was enti-
tled to the return;and if the contest stopped there,
Mr. Archer would be entitled to the seat on sim-
ply showing that, at the election, he had received
eleven votes and his opponent but ten. And, sir,
if the sitting member desired to retain his seat,
notwithstanding the certificate had been given to
the party receiving the minority of votes, and
that nis opponent was entitled to the return, it
would then be incumbent on him, in answering
the notice of the contestant, to state that it was
true that he had received a minority of the votes,
and that his opponent was entitled to the return;
but that he had still received a majority of the
legal votes, there having been two illegal votes
given to Mr. Archer, and none given to himself.
This would widen the issue between the parties,
and extend it from a mere question of the correct-
ness of the returns, as proposed by the contest-
ant, to be settled by an examination of the face
of the returns and the poll-books, to a question
as to the reception of illegal votes, to be settled
by extrinsic evidence.
I put this case for the purpose of illustrating
the difference between a contest on the ground of
an erroneous return, and a contest on the ground
of an illegal election. But the contestant has
placed his claim to the seat on the ground that
the returns were incorrect; and as that notice, as
the committee say, has been accepted by the
sitting member, the case then comes before the
House altogether on the question of the incorrect-
ness of the returns. In determining that ques-
tion, the House will ascertain whether, on the
face of the returns and poll-books, the certificate
ought to have been given to the one or to the
other. Now, I do not understand that any gen-
tleman on the majority of the committee, or that
j the contestant himself, has pretended to allege
that his claim to the seat can be shown on the face
of the poll lists, or that the returns ought to have
been given to any one other than the party to
whom it was given. On the official count of the
votes, on the summing up of the numbers pro-
claimed by the clerks of the election, it appeared
that Mr. Allen had received a majority of one
vote. The return, then, was in his favor. The
certificate was rightly given to' him. But now it
appears that they try to divest him of his' right
on grounds not appearing on the returns or on the
poll lists, but for reasons lying behind them.
None of these reasons are alleged in the notice
of contest; but, on the contrary, the contestant
expressly declares that it was on the ground of
an error made by the returning officers, and that
the poll-books show that there was a majority
of legal votes given to Mr. Archer. Now, I ask
the honorable chairman of the Committee^ of
Elections, do the pol 1-books show any such thing
If they do, then I admit the returns were incor-
rect.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman wish me to answer his question now ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand that the
contest is made on two points. First, that there
was a mistake in the return; and,second, that the
poll-books show a different result. He does not,
as I understand it, rely on the second part of the
notice, but on the first.
Mr. MILLSON. That only strengthens the
position which I have assumed; for if he now
abandon the ground that he was elected by a ma-
jority of the legal votes 
Mr. WASHBURN. Not at all; but that the
returns, if fairly made, show a majority of the
legal votes.
Mr. MILLSON. I understood the gentleman
to say, that the contestant abandoned the ground
stated in the second part of the notice, that the
poll-books showed he received a majority of the
legal votes.
Mr. WASHBURN. Of course the poll-books
show neither one way nor the other.
Mr. MILLSON. Precisely ; therefore there is
no notice given of his intention to contest the
election on the ground that he received a majority
of legal votes. It rests altogether on the first
branch of the notice—and that is, that the re-
turns were incorrectly made. But, in truth, the
notice must be taken as a whole; and the second
branch can only be considered as explaining the
first; that is to say, that the returns were errone-
ous, because the poll-books showed that the con-
testant received a majority of the legal votes.
Now, I have already shown that the returns
! were correctly made. I have already shown
[ that, on the ground on which the contestant placed
his claim, he is defeated by the evidence in the
case, because the evidence shows that the sum-
ming-up was correct, according'to the certificates
returned, and the supposed error can only be as-
certained by the taking of extrinsic evidence, and
an examination of the contents of the ballot-
boxes. And none of these are referred to in the
notice.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the gentleman will
allow me, I understand the complaint to be this:
that the returning officers of a particular pre-
cinct—the Livingston precinct—did not return
the votes correctly; that is to say, that the real
state of the vote was one hundred and two votes
for the contestant, and forty-six for the sitting
member, but that by some error they did not
make their returns conform to the correct count.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand the gentle-
man, but I was calling his attention to this fact:
The ground taken by the contestant is, that the
returns made by the returning officers, and offi-
cially announced, were incorrect. Weil sir, the
gentleman from Maine, from his experience in
matters of this kind, must be aware that, in a
contest founded upon the returns, you cannot go
beyond those returns; you must look to them foe
the correct result; you cannot look behind them.
The gentleman from Maine relies upon evidence
obtained from other sources, ana relating to
other matters, without notice having been given
that the contest was to be placed on any such
ground. Is there, then, anything in any of the
official returns, from which it will appear that
Mr. Allen was not elected ? I call the attention of
J! the gentleirtan from Maine to the letter of the con-
j testant himself, in which he says that he does not
1 rely upon the second certificate of some of the
judges at the Livingston precinct as an official re-
turn; that he only regards it as an important link
in the chain of evidence. He does not pretend
to regard this certificate, made out and signed by
a part of the judges, as an official return, and
therefore the first returns must be taken and con-
sidered by the House as the only official ones.
He refers to the poll-books to show that Ire re-
j ceived a majority of the legal votes. Why,
I sir, there are no poll-books at all, except regis-
