932
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
ters of the whole number of votes, and they do
not show how the voters voted. They are
merely lists of all the persons who voted, and
they do not show at all who cast their suffrages
for Mr. Archer and who for Mr. Allen. I say,
then, that even admitting that the notice of con-
test was sufficient, this House cannot receive
this certificate as an official return, or look into
matters not appearing on the face of the returns
and the poll-books, and not referred to in the
notice, without nullifying the wholesome re-
quirements of the act of Congress, and estab-
lishing a precedent which will prove a mischiev-
ous and dangerous one.
But, in order to show that the returns were in-
correct, the contestant resorts to a recounting of
the ballots at one of the precincts. Now, sir, no
notice was given to the sitting member of his
intention to place h is claim upon any such ground.
Yet it is contended that, upon the notice given,
he was at liberty to go into an examination of
all the ballots that were given at the election, for
the purpose of examining whether the ballots
deposited were correctly counted, or corresponded
•with the poll-books. I submit, sir, that no author-
ity can be found for any such proceeding. If the
ballots at one of the precincts could be recounted
or reexamined, then it was allowable to recount
and reexamine the ballots at all the other precincts
in the district. And now I call the attention of the
gentleman from Maine to a proposition, which I
lay down, to wit: that no man can be allowed to
maintain a claim upon a ground the correctness
of which it is impossible to ascertain. This
seems to me, sir, to be axiomatic; and, that the
gentleman may correctly understand the proposi-
tion, I will again state it: no man shall be allowed
to succeed in a claim upon a ground the correct-
ness of which it is impossible to ascertain.
Sir, on the grounds upon which this contest is
placed, it is impossible to ascertain the correct-
ness of the contestant's claim, from the fact, that
the ballots at nearly all the precincts in Illinois
were destroyed before any notice of this contest
was given. If these ballots were required by law •
to be preserved,and they were afterwards illegally
and recklessly destroyed, there would be some
ground of justice in recounting the ballots at tha
precincts where they had been preserved. But
the law did not require that they should be pre- |
served; and it was only a matter of accident that j
they "were preserved at the Livingston precinct; i
and unless the gentleman from Maine means to i
assert the extravagant doctrine, that it is proper
to go into a recount of the ballots at one precinct,
in a particular county of the district, when there
is no possibility of reexamining the ballots at the
othef precincts in the district, then he must admit
that it is unjust to deprive the sitting member of
his seat upon grounds the correctness of which
it is impossible to ascertain. There were, if I
mistake not, thirteen or fourteen other counties,
and who knows that the votes in those counties
may not have been incorrectly counted, so as' to
do great injustice to the sitting member?
But, sir, the contestant mountains, that under
this notice he has a right to go into an examina-
tion of the correctness of the ballots at a single
precinct, when, from the destruction of the ballots
at other places, it was impossible to ascertain
whether he was elected or not, on a general ex-
amination of all the ballots. Of course I do not
know of my own knowledge that such was the
fact; but I understood the gentleman from Illinois ,
[Mr. Allen] to say that the practice of preserv-
ing the ballots was not common nor required by
law.
Now, sir, I have shown that the only fair
mode of coming to a true result would be, to ex-
amine all the ballots. If you cannot examine all,
and are only allowed to examine a part, then it
is impossible to ascertain how far the errors in
that part may have been neutralized by similar
errors in other portions of the district. But as
the law permits the destruction of ballots, so as
to prevent this inquiry, it implies that the law
did not intend that any such inquiry should ever
be entered upon. If these ballots were valuable,
as proof, after they were examined, and the re-
turns made, the law would not allow them to be
destroyed. If they may be destroyed because
they are worthless, then they do not become
valuable when only accidentally preserved; espe-
cially if only a part have been preserved, ana it
cannot be known how far the errors in the ballots
preserved may have been neutralized by other
errors in the ballots destroyed.
Mr. Speaker, I present only these two views
of the subject. I have not thought it necessary
to touch the other points presented. These two
views occurred to me in examining the record.
They seemed to me to be sound in themselves,
and calculated to prevent difficulties which may
arise hereafter in prosecuting cases of this char-
acter.
ILLINOIS CONTES'
ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. STEPHENS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 18, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election Case from the State of
Illinois.
Mr. STEPHENS said: Under the indulgence
of the House I shall trespass upon its patience
but a few moments. I wish the attention of mem-
bers particularly to the points which I shall pre-
sent, because the whole merits of this controversy
turn upon them.
The question, Mr. Speaker, turns mainly on
the election at the Livingston precinct. There
were three tickets which it is said were, on the
evening of election, set aside by the canvassers at
this poll, and counted for neither the contestant
nor tne sitting member. These three tickets had
marks upon them which the judges of election on
that day thought were intended for obliteration or
erasure. One of them had the erasure of Allen's
name on it. The other two had marks across the
name of Archer. The judges counted neither the
Allen ticket nor the Archer tickets. Now, the
point that I wish to present to the House is this:
Each one of these tickets did have a mark upon
it, across the name of Allen in one instance, and
across the name of Archer in the other two. The
majority of the committee do not gainsay that
fact. On the day of election, while the marks
were fresh, the judges of the election set aside all
three of them.
When the second count was made in the March
following the election, without notice to the sitting
member, the judges undertook to count these
two Archer tickets which were rejected on the
day of the election. They had such marks upon
them as to induce the judges to reject them on
the day of the election when they were first
counted. In regard to all of these tickets, no one
of the majority of the committee will undertake
to say that there were not very distinct marks
upon each one of them. There were marks
across the name of Archer on two of them, and
j upon one of them there were also marks across
j the name of Allen, made with a pencil. The
marks were distinctly made on this one, and the
judges, as I think, very properly rejected it.
One of the other tickets, at first rejected for
Archer, had two marks or cuts across the name
of Archer, one directly above the other. The
1 majority of the committee think it was done
: with a knife, and that the cuts were made acci-
dentally. The fact that there were two parallel
cuts right across the name of Archer, no one will
deny. Now I submit to the House, is it reason-
able, is it rational, to conclude that two such
marks would have been made accidentally? My
own opinion is that they were made intention-
ally, and that they most probably were made
with a steel pen, which^ did not give down the
ink; they were slightly stained with ink.
Now, sir, upon the first count, the judges ex-
amined the ticket and threw it out. Upon the
second count, also, it was at first set aside, but
was admitted upon calling in another man. ]
Mr. CLINGMAN. How long was this after 1
the election ? j
Mr. STEPHENS. The election was held upon
the 7th of November, and this second count took i
place, I think, upon the 2d of March—some i
months after.
Then, as to the other ticket that had Archer's '
name on it, the marks were distinctly and unmis-
takably made across Archer's name with a pen-
cil. Now, sir, both of these tickets for Archer
were rejected at the first count, on the day after
the election, by the judges of the election. Both
were also set aside at the second count in March,
until another man was called, when they were
admitted to be counted for Archer.
Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the good sense and
judgment of members of this House, if it is wise, if
it is right, if it is just to the people of that district,
thatwe should assume the responsibility of saying
that these tickets were not intended to be erased
and obliterated, so far as the name of Archer was
concerned? I have examined them, and my own
judgment is, that both of them ought to have been
rejected, and that the ticket for Allen ought also
to have been rejected, as it was. How, then
would the vote stand ? I submit no statement of
fact that the gentleman from Maine, who has the
closing argument, will controvert. Rejecting
these three tickets, two for Archer and one for
Allen, and the vote, according to the showing of
the majority of the committee, will stand a tie.
With this state of facts, how can the majority of
the House, if they decide that Allen was not
elected, decide that Archer is elected?
But I will come to the other branch of this sub-
ject—with regard to illegal voting. The contest-
ant alleges that Towell, Cowden, and Lowry,
voted illegally. Now, sir, there is no evidence
that Towell or Cowden voted for Allen—not a
particle—none at all. The contestant utterly fails
to show that either Towell or Cowden was not
entitled to vote even. But in reference to the most
important point—that is, that they or either of
them voted for Allen—there is not the first word
ofproof.
Then in reference to the vote of Lowry, there
is the most incontestable proof that he voted il-
legally, and that he voted for Archer. Lowry
swears that he located in the State on the 6th of
March, 1854, only eight months before the elec-
tion. The law of Illinois requires a twelve
months' residence in the State to entitle any per-
son to vote. This will not be denied; but the
printed evidence referred to yesterday, makes
Lowry state tHat he "voted" on the 6th of
March. Now, sir, I have the manuscript before
me, and here is the evidence of Lowry:
" Joseph Lowry being duly sworn, upon his oath, says:
" Question by W. B. Jlrcher. Did you vote at the general
election held on the 7th day of November, 1854, in the
county of Clark, and State of Illinois, in the Auburn elec-
tion precinct!
"Answer. I did, and voted for Representative to the Con-
gress of the United States; and I voted for William B.
Archer for said Representative. I located in the county of
Clark, and State of Illinois, on the 6th day of March, 1854.
I was in the State of Illinois in the fall of 1852, and stayed
some three or four weeks, and left two shirts, and never
returned until the 6th day of March, 1854.
his
"JOSEPH >4 LOWRY."
mark.
The gentleman from Maine yesterday said, that
there was a disagreement between him and me as
to the fact of Lowry's residence. That, sir, is
true. And what is it ? He thinks that because
Lowry came into the State in 1852, stayed three
or four weeks, and " left two shirts," his resi-
dence was, therefore, fixed in the State for more
than twelve months prior to the election ; and I
think no such thing. That, sir, is the difference
between us. Our difference is on the point,
whether a man's coming into a State, and " stay-
ing three or four weeks, and leaving two shirts,"
and never coming back, makes him a resident.
[Laughter.] The witness swears, and his testi-
mony is not impeached, that he came into the
State in 1852, and stayed three or four weeks, and
left two shirts, and never came bt ck again until
the 6th of March, 1854, eight months before the
election. He states that he voted for William B.
Archer; and I think, therefore, that the fact is
clearly established, that this vote was cast ille-
gally for the contestant. Then, sir, rejectall three
of these votes at the Livingston precinct the one
that had pencil marks across the name of Mr.
Allen, the one that had cuts across the name of
Mr. Archer, and the one that had pencil marks
across the name of Mr. Archer; let Mr. Archer
stand by the same rule that Mr. Allen does, and
there is a tie. If you go further, as I think you
