1056.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
033
34tifcong....lsT Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Archer.
Ho. of Reps.
ou<rht, and strike off the vote of Lowry, which j
was given for Mr. Archer, Mr. Allen has one ;
majority. That is my view of the case as it ;
stands. !
The statute of Illinois, to which the gentleman
from that State referred on yesterday, says that,
if a ticket has any mark on it which is intended
to distinguish it from any other, it shall not be
counted. These three tickets had marks on them
by which they might be distinguished from others,
(if the intention was not an erasure of the names
across which the marks were made,) and by the
express terms of the statute they ought not to
be counted in that view of the case
I have said all that I desire to say. I will sum
up the case thus: Put Mr. Archer on the same
ground with Mr. Allen, and let the tickets with
Cencil marks and cuts across the names of both
e rejected. It then stands a tie. Strike from
the count for Mr. Archer the illegal vote of Lowry,
and Mr. Allen has one majority, and is entitled
to his seat. This, I think, is the truth of the
case. I solemnly appeal to the House, whether
it is right or just, in the face of the testimony, to
say that Mr. Archer is entitled to a seat on this
floor ? I would have the House pause before it
gives any such vote. If it is thought that Mr.
Allen is not elected, let him be voted out; but
when the vote is on the resolution which declares
that Mr. Archer was elected, let it then, also, be
affirmed that the evidence does not warrant such
a conclusion. Such is certainly the fact. If we
can do no better, let us refer back the question to
the people. Ought we to say that any man is
entitled to a seat here when there is reasonable
doubt that he is not? No man can say there is
no reasonable doubt that the pencil marks and
cuts referred to were not intended for erasures;
at least it so seems to me. And no man ought
to be voted to a seat on this floor by members of
this House when there is reasonable doubt as to
the fact of his having been duly elected. With
these views I submit the case to the House for
its determination.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. B. ARCHER,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
July 18, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election Case from Illinois.
Mr. ARCHER, the contestant, (who spoke to
the question by the unanimous consent of the
House,) said:
Mr. Speaker; I shall endeavor, in an humble
way, to set the facts of this case before the House.
I am a plain, blunt man, from the prairies of the
West. 1 am a practical farmer, and not a lawyer,
as is the sitting member. Though I may not pre-
sent my case as fluently as he has done his, yet I
shall, as plainly and clearly as I can, submit my ;
view of the facts presented by the committee.
The testimony was taken in the county of Clark I
where I reside, and which is adjoining the coun-
ty of Crawford, in which the sitting member
resides. The case depends on the vote of the
Livingston precinct of Clark county. After the
election held in November, 1854, 1 had informa- ;
tion from one of the clerks, Mr. Hollingshead, ;
that he verily believed there was a mistake on
the evening of the election, at the Livingston pre-
cinct, and one vote more was given to Mr. Allen j
than he was entitled to. My friends urged me I
to investigate the matter. 1 thought it was my 1
duty so to do. There was nothing wrong in the 1
proceeding. It was eminently proper the inquiry
should be made. I went to Mr, Hutchinson, one j
of the judges of election, who lives near the vil-
lage of Livingston. He had the ballot-box in 1
bis possession. He assured me that the box had i
been carefully preserved from any other exam- j
ination than that given on the election day. He :
testified that he received the box, sealed with the
seal of the judges, on the evening of the election,
and had kept it since then. It had not been
reopened. I stated my business, and requested
a reexamination of the ballots. They had power
to make any necessary correction, lie assented
to a reexamination. Mr. Birch, another of the
judges, who lived near by, Mr. Hanks, one of
the clerks, and another gentleman by the name
of Mr. Brown, were called in. Mr. Hollingshead
did not live there; he lived ten or twelve miles
distant. Mr.Hutchinson,about three o'clock in
the afternoon, commenced to open the box at the
house of Mr. Birch. The votes were carefully
and deliberately gone over and counted. When
the proceeding was finished, it was found that
there had been a mistake, and that Mr. Allen had
been counted one more vote than he had received.
There were these three ballots that had been
thrown out, on one of which the name of James
C. Allen and that of myself were clearly erased,
not voted for either of us; the other two had my
name on, and the name of Mr. Allen was clearly
erased and blotted out, one with ink, and the
other with pencil. They viewed those ballots by
themselves, uninterruptedly , calmly, and in broad
daylight. Before Mr. Wyrick was called in, they
agreed and settled among themselves that they
were good and valid votes, and that they were
for me. They believed, on a fair view of the
tickets, that they were cast for me, and, as they
were disposed to correct all errors, they desired
Mr. Wyrick to be called in.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to call the gentle-
mail's attention to a point of testimony. As I
understand it, these judges of election, at the
second count, in broad daylight, when they came
to these two ballots, laid them aside. I wish to
call his attention to a portion of the testimony of
Mr. Hanks, who says that—
" Mr. Hutchinson opened the ballot-box and proceeded
to call over the ballots, and, in so calling, he came to two
ballots which, on his first impression, he considered spuri-
ous ballots, because they were neither voted for Mr. Allen
nor Mr. Archer: they then laid the two votes aside, and
proceeded to count the remaining ballots in the box. Mr.
David Wyrick was then sent for to associate with the bal-
ance of the board, who came, and after consultation of the
whole board, they decided that the said two votes should be
counted to Mr. Archer."
The point is, that when they first came to those
ballots, even upon the second count, they were
considered as spurious and were laid aside.
• Mr. ARCHER. They laid them down, and I
stated truly. My impressions were then, and
are still, that they were satisfied that the ballots
were good and valid votes. Mr. Wyrick was
sent for, and he came. All the ballots had been
examined, and he only examined the three bal-
lots, and did not look over the others. He exam-
ined the one first referred to by me, which he
and all of them recollected distinctly as being the
one called in question on the evening of the day
of election. When they came to the two ballots
which I claimed, they were examined by him and
them. They took their time and weighed them
well, and all three finally came to the conclusion
that they were good and legal votes for me.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. ARCHER. The gentleman will excuse
me, as I am not in the habit of being interrupted.
Mr. STEPHENS. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman as to a matter of fact only.
Mr. ARCHER. They all agreed; and having
no doubt that they were good and valid votes for
me, they amended their return accordingly that
evening, and filed it with the clerk of the county
court where the original return was filed, as the
law directs.
Thus stands the case in that precinct. I made
out a notice to take the testimony of those judges
and clerks, and forwarded it toMhis city to a
friend of mine, to be served upon Mr. Allen,
who was here in Congress, and it arrived here in
time to be served. It was in the hands of my
friend some three days, but it byng near the close
of the session, when all was confusion in the
pressure of business, it was not served by him
in due time to give the sitting member the notice
required by law—ten days—but it lacked only
one day of the required time. The return of that
notice tome was about the time that the depositions
were to be taken—9th of March, 1855. I set the
time for that day, and at the place I did, thinking
that Mr. Allen would return home by that time
and by that route. His usual route on returning
home was by Terre Haute. I thought he would
be personally present. There was noway under
the statute to give further notice to Mr. Allen.
If there had been I would have done it, and sus-
pended the taking of testimony at that time. I
went on and took the testimony of the judges
and clerks, which you find in the report. Mr.
Allen did not appear in person or by attorney.
I did not hear from him.
The testimony was brought here, and referred
to the Committee of Elections. The objection
was made, that the sitting member had not had
an opportunity, by himself or attorney, to cross-
examine those witnesses. I said to the commit-
tee, on my first interview with them—and which
was the only one upon this subject—that 1 was
willing to adopt any liberal course which would
give Mr. Allen an opportunity to cross-examine
those witnesses. I ask the gentleman from Geor-
gia if that was not the feet, and if I did not state
that I was willing that Mr. Allen should have
that opportunity?
Mr. STEPHENS. I frankly state to the gen-
tleman that he did so.
Mr. ARCHER. On the 14th of March the
Committee of Elections passed a resolution,
which you have before you, authorizing Mr.
Allen and myself to take the testimony de novo,
and to return it in forty days. On the 17th day
of March, a friend of Mr. Allen [Mr. Richard-
son] introduced a resolution inquiring what action
had been had in the case? The committee re-
ported to the House on the 27th day of March
what they had done, and their report was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed. No
further action was taken upon it until the 31st
day of March. On that day I resolved to go and
take testimony and finish up the business. I
waited on Mr. Allen, while the House was in
session, called him out, and informed him that I
was going to take testimony as authorized by the
committee. He raised no positive objection. We
talked friendly. He said he could not assent to
it until he had consulted his friends. I requested
him to consult his friends, and if agreed to, 1
would ask the chairman of the committee to call
it up in the House, and if there was no opposi-
tion on his side, the business would be done. He
returned, and said his friends would not agree to
call it up.
Now every gentleman in the House knows that
that was fair dealing. I had two of the notices
as to taking testimony to serve upon him. He
helped to compare them, and then ne courteously
stepped in ana wrote an acknowledgment of ser-
vice—all in a friendly manner.
I went home and got these witnesses. If the
House refer to Exhibit M, it will find that ample
time was allowed to him for the taking of this
testimony. The witnesses were summoned to
meet at Marshall on the 14th of April. The three
judges and the two original clerks attended, and
Mr. Hutchinson and Mr. Birch brought with them
the ballot-box, having preserved the ballots and
tally-papers up to that time. They desired an.
opportunity, before they were sworn, to examine
the ballots again. They went up stairs in the
court-house by themselves — not another soul
with them or near them. They took their time
in examining these ballots again. They came
\ down and were sworn. And there you have the
renewed testimony of the judges and clerks, cor-
j responding fully and clearly with their original
1 testimony, that they had made a mistake, and
given Mr. Allen one vote too many. They re-
duced his number from forty-seven to forty-six,
and increased mine from one hundred to one hun-
dred and two.
Now, sir, the testimony appears to me quite
clear, and I think it will easily be comprehended
by the House. It was on my motion, and at my
instance, that the three ballots—the one in which
Mr. Allen's name and the two in which my name
| was struck out—were attached to the depositions,
and made part of the testimony. His agent at
i that time, Mr. Scholfield, a worthy young man,
clear-headed, and I believe good-hearted, reluc-
tantly consented to these ballots being sent here;
he saw that if forwarded and examined, as they
then appeared, it would be a dangerous platform
for his friend, the sitting member, to stand upon
in this Hall. I said they were material evidence
in the case, and 1 had and claimed a right to send
them. They were attached to the deposition of
