934
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. Hutchinson —not slightly, but firmly at-
tached. I had them brought here so that they
might be closely examined by every member of
this House, and justice done. Nothing short of
justice and right induced me to have them sent
"here. They were examined by the committee.
Mr. Allen had them. I had them. They were sent
to the printing-office with the report of the commit-
tee. There they were lost, and cannot now ba .
found. I went there personally to inquire about !
them, and was told they were lost and could not
be found. As I had brought them here carefully
it may be judged that I had no interest in having
them mislaid. The fault is not mine that they
are not here.
I will make this further statement, though it is
not precisely in evidence. I was informed by one
of the judges in conversation that, on the even-
ing of the election—which was held in a school-
house—it was late before they got through the
count. The glass of the window being broken,
the light was dim. I was informed that during
the counting of the votes, one of the clerks said
there was a mistake. They went back for three
or four votes, and thought they had corrected the
error. They passed on, and the return was made
to the clerk of county court, forty-seven for Mr.
Allen, and one hundred for me.
Now, sir, let gentlemen take the testimony \
given by all the judges and clerks at the first ex-
amination, and that given by them at the second
examination, and compare them, and they will
find that they are, substantially, one and the same
thing—rather more full in the last examination
than the first, but substantially the same.
I will say a word or two in regard to the stand-
ing and character of these judges and clerks, in-
asmuch as the sitting member has made some
allusion to the effect that there might be some-
thing wrong, and as another member from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] was of the same opinion.
Sir, 1 state to this House that these three judges
are men of advanced age, who have resided for
many years in the State of Illinois, and who are
men of the first standing and character in the
county of Clark, and no men in that county ever
charged them with acting with partiality. And,
sir, the clerks were good and competent men;good
penmen, and men of good standing. One of them
has long been a justice of the peace, and is now
postmaster at Livingston. The other clerk is a
good penman, accurate in business transactions,
and a man of good standing. I never heard aught
against the good character of either of these
clerks. They are good men. I undertake to
state that better could not have been selected in
that region of country. I have thought it due to
make these remarks, inasmuch as the attempt has
been made in the course of this discussion to cast
a shade upon the good character of these men.
Mr. ALLEN. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I merely desire to say that I
disclaim any intention of casting any reflection
^pon the character of any of these judges or
elerks. I do not know any of them, ana I do
not wish to be understood in anything I said as
reflecting upon their character. What I said
was, that in view of the manner in which this
matter had been managed, I should not like to
vouch for their carefulness.
Mr. ARCHER. I supposed the gentleman
knew one or two of these judges personally.
They are old citizens'of Clark county, and they
are well known in that county for their strict in-
tegrity. So are the clerks. Sir, I ask this House
not to give me a seat upon this floor unless, in
their judgment, 1 was legitimately and properly
elected to it. I could not accept the seat upon
any other grounds. I have lived in the State of
Illinois for many years. I have watched her
progress, and have been identified with her inter-
ests from her territorial condition up to the present
time. I am attached to that State. And, sir, the
seventh congressional district is a fair portion
of the State. I feel a great pride in seeing the
State of Illinois growing and improving. She is
making rapid strides in the march of improve-
ment, and will soon rank as the first agricultural
state in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House any
lohger. Thanking them for their attention, I
tdose my remarks.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. I. WASHBURN,
OP MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
July 18, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election Case from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said:
Mr. Speaker: I shall pass rapidly over the
technical objections interposed by the sitting
member to the claim of the contestant, inasmuch
i as they have substantially been abandoned by
i other gentlemen who have spoken upon that side
j of the question. In the first place, it must be
manifest that the notice to the sitting member,
that his seat would be contested, was sufficient to
cover all the grounds upon which the contestant
has at any time claimed the seat. He gave a
notice which covered all the precincts in the dis-
trict, and which was as valuable to the sitting
member for any purpose whatever, upon the
points upon which the case must turn, as if every
fact that was expected to be proved by every wit-
ness had been specifically set forfl^i. But, sir, the
sitting member, in his reply to this notice, in
effect waived all objections to the sufficiency of
the notice of the contestant. If gentlemen will
look to exhibit B, attached to the report, they
will see the answer of the sitting member, and
that he has clearly precluded himself from taking
this objection. He could not have intended to
have left the contestant to believe that he would
make no technical objection to the notice, when
he in fact meant to take advantage of any want
of mere form therein, without practicing a fraud
upon him; and I have too much respect for the
gentleman from Illinois to believe that he medi-
tated anything of the kind.
In respect to the notice which was given to the ,
sitting member of the intention of the contestant
to take depositions, I have to say that the ten
days' notice required by the law was given, if you '
include the day on which the notice was served.
The notice was made out and forwarded to this
city in time to be seasonably served. It was placed
in the hands of a gentleman, an ex-member of
Congress, who neglected to serve it upon the sit-
ting member until ten days, including the day on
which the notice was presented, of the time at
which testimony was to be taken. The gentle- ;
man from Illinois, the sitting member, objected,
not only that the notice was in law insufficient,
but that in point of fact he could not be present
to cross-examine the witnesses. Upon this point
allow me to read from the report of the com-
mittee:
" The notice citing the sitting member to attend to the
taking of depositions on the 9th day of March, 1855, was
dated February 20, 1855, and was immediately forwarded
to Washington, where the sitting member then was, for
service. It was seasonably received by the gentleman to
whom it was sent—a colleague of the sitting member m the
Thirty-Third Congress—but, through some accident or inad-
vertence, as the committee are informed by a member of
the late House of Representatives and of this, and who was
cognizant of the facts, the service was not made until the
28th of February. Construing the act of 1851 by the equity
and spirit, if the committee tnay so say, of the well-estab-
lished rule of law, that, in the computation of time, the day
upon which an act was done, or a notice given, is to be
excluded or included, as may be necessary to prevent an
estoppel, or save a forfeiture, the notice maybe regarded as
sufficient within the terms of the law. But the act itself
was directory and cumulative. Its object was, to protect,
and not to defeat, the rights of contesting parties, and of the
people. It was to be an aid, and not an obstruction. To
reject testimony taken under such circumstances as these,
and for the reasons urged by the sitting member, and
thus to deprive a contestant, though guiltless of laches, of
his clear and indisputable rights, and to deprive the people
of a congressional district of theirs, would be unreasonable
and unjust, in violation of the spirit, if not of the letter, of
the law of Congress,'and an abdication by the HoHse of its
constitutional duties and functions.
" In addition to what has been said, it may be observed,
that the facts stated in the depositions objected to appear in
the copy of record to which reference has been made, and
which, if properly admissible, furnishes plenary evidence
of the facts relied upon by the contestant.
" The sitting member stated to the committee that, in
point of fact, he had no opportunity to he present, either in
person or by counsel, at the taking of the depositions; and
further, that if he could have been present, and had an op-
portunity to examine the witnesses, he would have had no
objection to the sufficiency of the notice. In the same spirit
by which your committee were controlled in their decision
to receive the depositions introduced by the contestant, and
solicitous onlythatthe whole truth should be made known,
and such determination of the case had as would do exact
and perfect justice to the parties, they did not hesitate to
adopt a resolution, under which ample opportunity would
be afforded the sitting member and the contestant to ex-
amine the witnesses whose depositions were before the
committee, as well as others, and thus giving to the sitting
member opportunity to cross-examine the witnesses, whose
testimony he objected to solely for the want of such oppor-
tunity. And the committee the more readily adopted the
resolution, so just and equitable to the parties, from the
fact that they understood that such action was in accord-
ance with the wishes of both. The contestant had, in con-
versation with the committee, expressed himself to that
purpose; and the sitting member, in his written argument,
before referred to, made use of the following language •
"'It is no answer to these objections to say that these
judges and clerks, in their depositions taken on the 9th of
March, testify that the examination which took place on
the 2d was in all things properly conducted, and that the
ballots had been carefully preserved, &c.; for those depo-
sitions were taken without that notice to me which is re-
quired by the ninth section of the act. It is true that the
contestant attempted to give me notice, but it reached me
within the ten days required by law, and too late for me to
attend in person or by agent. And while I do not conceive
that the depositions contain in themselves anything that
could warrant the committee in setting aside the official
returns, and annulling my commission under the great seal
of the State, I respectfully, but earnestly urge the committee,
if they should regard it differently, not to do so upon testimony
taken without such notice as would be required in a matter
where a few dollars, or ecen cents, was in controversy"
The committee gave the sitting member an op-
portunity to examine these witnesses, and to take
the testimony of others. He availed himself of
the opportunity so far as to be present by counsel
at the examination of the contestant's witnesses.
The facts are all here. The gentleman has not
been injured because of the character of the notice
of which complaint has been made.
I will pass from that branch of the case. There
are three points to which I will ask attention.
What names were on the three ballots referred
to in this debate? Were these ballots actually
voted on the 2d of November, 1854? Have they
remained unaltered? Was Lowry's an illegal
vote ? I differ wide as the poles from the gen-
tleman fromGeorgia, [Mr. Stephens,] as to those
ballots. I believe that the two votes contended
to have been given for the contestant were so
given. I believe, from a critical and careful ex-
amination of them, that there is no reasonable
doubt of the fact.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will ask the gentleman
a question or two. He says that he differs widely
from me in reference to those two ballots. Had
not one a pencil mark across the name of Mr.
Archer, and the other cuts across it? Had nol
the name of Mr. Allen on the third ticket a pen-
cil mark across it?
Mr. WASHBURN. I was coming to that
part of the case. I intended to describe those
votes. It appears that, in that congressional dis-
trict, it is the custom to print the names of all
candidates upon the same ticket. The voter erases
from the ballot such of the names thereon as he
does not wish to_ vote for, and then places the
ballot in the box. " The three ballots which were
produced had on them the names of the Demo-
cratic and Opposition candidates for all the officers
, to be elected—Lieutenant Governor, I think,
Treasurer, members for the Senate and House
of the Assembly, and for Congress, &c. The-
voter erased the names of the candidates with
pen and ink, or lead pencil, that he did not intend
to vote for. If marks on a ticket made them
illegal, as the gentleman from Georgia argued,
then nearly all the votes of the entire district were
illegal. Every ballot had a distinguishing mark;
half or more of the names on each ballot were
erased. Such is the fact; it cannot be denied;
and it is a perfect answer to the gentleman's argu-
. ment. The gentleman from Georgia must have
thought his case was a bad one to maintain, when
he resorted to this objection.
To recur to the appearance of those three bal-
lots. According to my recollection, there was,
on one of them, a cut across the name of William
Archer, for perhaps three fourths the length of
the name, and another cut very near to the former,
not exactly parallel with it, and about half as
long. The cuts were made by a knife. We
examined them carefully and critically again and
again. The committee, or those agreeing to the
1 report, were satisfied the cuts could not have been
made by a pen. It is easy to tell the difference
between the rough cut of a pen and the clean,
• neat cut of a knife; and there was no sign of ink
