940
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Harrison.
Ho. of Reps.
" northern fanatic;"and yet to utter them to-day
in Kansas would be treason, and the President
of the United'States would send forth the Army
to arrest the traitor. _
In the Federal Convention of 1787, Mr. Mason,
of Virginia, said:
" Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when performed by slaves. They prevent the
emigration of whites, who really enrich and strengthen a
country. They produce the most pernicious effects on
manners. Every master of slaves is born a petty tyrant."
In the first Congress under the Constitution,
Mr. Madison uttered the following sentiments:
" Every addition the States receive to their number of
slaves, tends to weaken and render thein less capable of
self-defense. In case of hostilities with foreign nations,
they will be the means of inviting attack, instead of repel-
ling invasion. It is a necessary duty of the General Gov-
ernment to protect every part of their confines against dan-
ger, as well internal as external. Everything, therefore,
which tends to increase danger, though it be-a local affair,
vet, if it involves national expense or safety, becoflies of
concern to every part of the Union, and is a proper subject
for the consideration of those charged with the general
administration of the Government."
Who will not listen to the lessons of these sages
of the Revolution? Mr. Pinkney says that
" slavery is contrary to the eternal principles of 1
natural justice; destroys our veneration for lib- !
erty; is detrimental to the interests of agricul-
ture, commerce, and manufactures; that the earth
shrinks into barrenness from the contaminating
sweat of a slave; and that its extension should
alarm us." Mr. Mason says that "it discour-
ages arts and manufacturesMr. Madison says
that " its increase tends to weaken and render
us less capable of self-defense." And yet, with
these things spread out before us, known and
read by all men, we witness at this moment the
degrading spectacle of an American President
using the power of the purse and the sword of
the nation, to crush out freedom, and extend the
area of human bondage.
Let us now listen a moment to some modern
testimony. In 1832, a proposition was submit-
ted by Mr. Randolph, in the Virginia House of
Delegates, for the gradual abolition of slavery in
the Old Dominion. This proposition was fully,
freely, and ably discussed.
Mr. Marshall, of Fauquier, objects to slavery,
" Because it is ruinous to the whites, retards improve-
ment, roots out an industrious population, banishes the
yeomanry of the country, deprives the spinner, the weaver,
the smith, the shoemaker, the carpenter, of employment
and support. Our towns are stationary, our villages almost
everywhere declining, and the general aspect of the coun-
try marks the curse of a wasteful, idle, reckless population,
who have do interest in the soil, and care not how much
it is impoverished."
Mr. Chairman, is it desired to have the future
statesmen of Kansas draw such a picture of the
groves, the plains, the prairies, the to whs, the
villages, the population, of that fair land ? Let
patriotism forbid it, and forbid it now.
Mr. Berry, of Jefferson, said:
" Sir, I believe that no cancer on the physical body was
ever more certain, steady, and fatal in its progress, than is
this cancer on the polilicaJ body of the State of Virginia."
Mr. McDowell, of Rockbridge, said:
" We know that the blessings of our position and soil
and climate, are countervailed by the apathy of our coun-. j
■els, and tby our exclusive reliance upon involuntary labor |
Our interests and senses proclaim the progress of general
decline; conscience and experience attest that slavery is
its principal cause. Dx> we not contemplate Virginia justly,
when we regard her as meager, haggard, and enfeebled [
with decrepitude stealing upon her limbs, as given over to
leanness and impotency, aud as wasting away under the
improvidence and the inactivity which eternally accom-
pany the fatal institution which she cherishes, and cher-
ishes, too, as a mother who will hazard her own life, rather
than part even with the monstrous offspring that afflicts
her?" ***** " In this investigation there is no dif-
ficulty ; for, however widely gentlemen have differed upon
the power and justice of touching this property, they have ,
yet united in a common testimony to its character. It has i
been frankly and unequivocally declared, from the very
commencement of this debate, by the most decided ene- j
mies of abolition themselves, as well as by others, that this ;
property is an evil; thafitis adangerous property." j
Mr. Chairman, it is a duty imposed by the J
laws of nature, the laws of God, and the laws of
the country, upon parents and guardians, to pro-
tect and defend their children and wards, and to
shield them in the midst of danger present and
prospective, to the very verge of the power con-
ferred upon them, and the rights with which they
are invested by those laws. The relation which
the General Government sustains to the Terri-
tories is of a similar character, and its power is
derived from the supreme law of the land; and in
making all needful "rules and regulations" for
them, we are bound to protect and defend them
against everything which would be detrimental
to their interests, in the present or in the future.
Now, sir, what would be thought of a parent,
the members of whose family, from its origin,
had been proverbial for the soundness of their
health, ana the robustness and vigor of their
constitutions, if, from mercenary considerations,
or a feeling of pride for family distinction, or for
the purpose of obtaining a triumph over a sup-
posed rival, should determine to use all his in-
fluence and parental authority to form a matri-
monial alliance with a member of another family
on the very verge of extinction, in consequence
of some fatal hereditary disease? Would his
triumph, or the gratification of his pride or am-
bition, be regarded as an ample equivalent for the
i sacrifice of health, together with the sufferings,
j woes, and miseries, thus entailed on the offspring
: of an innocent daughter ? Who would approve of
| such conduct? No one, except those whose
natural feelings have become so perverted as to
render them enemies to the happiness of their
' race. Far better would it be for such a parent to
see his daughter shrouded in the coffin, and
buried deep in the grave, than to sacrifice, from
such unholy motives, the greatest boons of
heaven—health and happiness.
From the southern gentlemen, whose testimony
we have given at length, we learn that their States
have inherited a disease which, like consumption,
cancer, or scrofula, adheres to their political body;
and which, in its certain, steady progresses to oe
as fatal to the body-politic, and all its interests, as
those diseases are to the " physical body." And
the question now is, shall we,-as the guardians
of the Territories of the United States, permit this
disease to be transferred to, and entailed upon,
our wards in their minority? Shall the beautiful,
lovely, and charming " Kansas," enamored by
the love of freedom, fend panting for admission
into the family circle as the youngest sister of our
bright galaxy of independent States, be now wel-
comed in all her virgin purity ? Shall she be per-
mitted to stand in all her pride of loveliness,
beauty, and freedom, and, with arms wide-ex-
tendea, welcome the free sons of free sires from
every land and clime to rest in her pure embrace,
and bask in her heaven-born smiles, which secure
freedom to all her children ? Or shall she be com-
pelled to bow her neck to the. tyrant's yoke ? or
submit her ruby lips to the polluting kiss of the
task-master's fetid breath ?
Mr. Chairman, rather than submit to such deg-
radation, let her plains, her prairies, and her
woodland forest, continue to be the free home of
the wild denizen of the wilderness. Let the dulcet
strains of the timbrel and harp, poured forth by
the enamored swain, as he woos his dusky mate
by streamlet and brook, break the stillness of
dewy eve and quiet morn, rather than the sobs
and heartrending groans of a captive race. Let
the solemn funeral dirge of the untutored savage
break the stillness of. the dense forest, and echo
over hill and dale, as he chants its solemn lays
over the graves of his fathers, rather than have
the beauties of civilization marred by the clank
of the bondman's chains.
The institution of slavery is detrimental to the
freedom of speech and the freedom of the press-
The iniquitous laws of Kansas abundantly dem-
onstrate this.
In the free States, the advocates of slavery can
discuss to their hearts'content the question of
slavery, in all its forms, without the danger of
molestation. Not so in the slave States. An anti-
slavery lecturer from the North would there be
exposed to the violence of a mob, subjected to
the summary process of Lynch law, a coat of tar
and feathers, and finally to imprisonment. Such
an institution should not be extended.
Mr. Chairman, having examined the positions
assumed by those who are in favor of extending
the institution of slavery, as well as the practical
j working of the system, and its effects upon the
j leading interests connected with the prosperity of
our country, I shall now give a summary of the
reasons which will induce me to vote for the free-
| dom of Kansas, and the exclusion of slavery
I from the Territories. My first and main reason
is, that slavery is contrary to the principles of
the Declaration of Independence, and the Con-
stitution of the United States, and can derive no
support or protection from either. Secondly: It
is detrimental to the success of the great interests
of agriculture, manufacture, and commerce, the
freedom of speech and of the press. Thirdly:
It is a violation of the principle of natural jus-
tice. And finally: It is destructive of the inalien-
able rights which the Author of our being has
given to all the members of the human family.
And now, in conclusion, let me say that neither
frowns, threats, nor abusive epithets, shall deter
me, or cause me to swerve from the path of ri°-ht,
truth, or justice, in the performance of what I
conceive to be my duty on this question. This
determination may be called stubbornness ; my
zeal may be denominated fanaticism ; I may be
charged with opposition to the Constitution and
the Union. I shall content myself with a denial
of the whole; and if it is the last sentiment that I
am ever to utter on this floor, I now declare that
" no earthly power will ever make me vote to
spread slavery over territory where it does not
now exist;" while I shall at all times use my
influence and give my votes in favor of its exclu-
sion from all the Territories of the United States.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. HARRISON,
of OHIO,
• In the House of'Representatives,
July 14, 1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select committee to
investigate the alleged assault upon Senator Sumner by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. HARRISON said:
Mr. Speaker: I desire to say a few words ex-
planatory of the vote I propose to give on the
report of the committee upon which we are now
about to pass.
I have oeen charged, Mr. Speaker, with having
avoided the vote of this House constituting the
committee. Not wishing, sir, to avoid any res-
ponsibility that may devolve upon me, in the dis-
charge of my representative duties here, I desire
to say, that had I been in my seat when that
vote was taken, I should have voted against the
resolutions of my colleague, [Mr. Campbell.1
A committee of investigation had been appointed
by the Senate, composed of gentlemen entirely
competent to take charge of the offended dignity
of their own body—though they might not haVe
had the power to punish the offense. Under these
circumstances I deemed it right and proper that
this House should await the decision of this com-
mittee; and when their report should come down
to us, complaining of a breach of their privileges
by a member of this House, then, and not until
then, in my judgment, was it proper to take action
here. Governed by these views I would have
voted against the resolutions as premature, and
not because I was opposed to an investigation at
the proper time.
In regard to the vote I am about to give, all I
have to say is, that I cannot comprehend why it
is that the sensibilities of this House have been
so suddenly aroused by an occurrence so common
in.these Halls. I cannot understand why the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Brooks]
should bring down upon himself the indignation
of this House, for an offense less aggravated, in
my opinion, than many I have witnessed on this
floor — none of which seemed to excite the con-
cern of the House, much less to elicit its action.
I am no advocate, Mr. Speaker, of violence and
bloodshed; and I deeply deplore this unfortunate
occurrence—not so much on account of the indi-
viduals concerned, as on account of the country;
for I am free to admit that such scenes of violence
and disorder are well calculated to bring into dis-
credit the character of the National Legislature.
But, sir, in the present case both parties are sadly
implicated in this dereliction. The Senator from
Massachusetts certainly descended from his high
position, when he attacked the character and
institutions of one of the States of this Confed-
eracy, and assailed the reputation of an absent
