1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Clawson.
Ho. of Reps.
brother Senator. It is also true, sir, that the
Representative from South Carolina forgot, for a
time, the respect and consideration which are due j
from every American to the highest forum of his
country. i
But, Mr. Speaker, we should deal justly and
consistently with all men, and not suffer our pas-
sions or our prejudices to urge us to condemn in
the gentleman from South Carolina that which
we have not considered a crime in others. Sir,
during my short congressional career I have
witnessed on this floor cases of assault where
the freedom of debate was more directly assailed
than in the case now under consideration. Why
was it that our fears for "free thought" and
"free speech" were not then excited? Why
were we not then alarmed, lest the pistol and the
bludgeon would stifle the freedom of debate ? 1
am afraid the answer is found in the fact, that
there was then no presidential election approach-
ing, and consequently not so much necessity for
playing upon that " harp of a thousand strings,"
public sympathy and public credulity. My inti-
mate knowledge, Mr. Speaker, of the character
of the chairman of the committee making this
report, [Mr. Campbell,] utterly forbids the con-
clusion that he was governed in his action in this
case by party motives and considerations. Sir,
I have known this gentleman long, and I believe
he is above any such influence. Nor am I willing
to charge improper motives on any member of
the committee. But, Mr. Speaker, it cannot be
denied that bad men, outside of this House, are
using this unhappy affair to fan the flame of sec-
tional discord, already burning too fiercely. Is
it not evident that sectional jealousy and hatred
are already aroused; and that it needs but a spark
of indiscretion—from any quarter—to inflame
this spirit to such a height that it will run riot
over the land ?
Mr. Speaker, when these fires of civil strife
are fully lighted, we may, indeed, then "shriek
for freedom," for the hope of .it will be extin-
guished forever. Sir, I will not aid in this un-
holy work; and when the day shall arrive (which
may God in his mercy avert!) when the d emon of
civil strife shall stalk through this land, with gar-
ments dyed with fraternal blood—and our pro-
tecting goddess shall fly before scenes of anarchy
and outrage, I am resolved that she shall cast no
reproachful glance on me; for I can say with
truth—" Thou canst not say I did it." No, sir,
rather than stimulate the spirit of discord, which
is now so rife in the land, I would smother and
subdue it: rather than estrange still more the
men of Massachusetts from the men of South
Carolina, I would point them to the tombs of
their revolutionary sires, and bid them catch new
impulses of patriotism at their graves.
Mr. Speaker, I never have and never, will
cherish in my heart a single feeling of sectional
hatred. I am as ready to condemn the fanaticism
of Massachusetts as the ultraism of South Caro-
lina. And I admit that the enactments of each
of these States are not all in accordance with that
spirit of comity and good feeling which governed
our fathers in the earlier and better days of the
Republic. But, Mr. Speaker, may we not h<fpe
that a better spirit will prevail? May we not ;
look for a return of that true love of country
which so distinguished our forefathers, and made
this land what it is—" the land of the free and the
home of the brave ?" Sir, patriotism has not yet
taken its flight, and a devotion to the Union still
finds a congenial dwelling-place in many true
hearts North and South. Sir, upon such hearts
depends the perpetuity of our Government.
Mr. Speaker, 1 know full well how strongly in
the North the tide of public sentiment sets against
the gentleman from South Carolina. I know how i
much misrepresentation and exaggeration have
done to swell the stream of popular indignation,
which bears down before it all truth and reason;
I know what a northern man risks, in daring to J
oppose these currents of popular feeling; and j
yet I shall give the vote that my judgment
approves; and I shall do this, prompted by a deep
conviction of my duty to myself, the accused,
and the whole country, leaving consequences to I
Him who scans the inmost recesses of the human
heart, and knows the motive of every human
action.
Great as was the provocation in this case, Mr.
Speaker, I do not justify the assault. It was un-
fortunate for the country that it occurred at all—
still more unfortunate that it occurred in the Sen-
ate Chamber. It is true that the Senate was not
in session. Nor was the Senator from Massa-
chusetts engaged in the immediate discharge of
his senatorial duties. And yet, sir, the place of
chastisement was unfortunate. The country at-
taches a feeling of respect and veneration to these
Halls, which 1 am sorry to say its representatives
do not often evince, and thus a consequence and
importance are given to this affair, which, under
other circumstances, would hardly have been
noticed in our police report. I have alluded to
scenes of violence and disorder which occurred
on this floor during the long-contested struggle
on the Kansas-Nebraska bill. And it is a fact
worthy of being mentioned on this occasion,
that, during those scenes of wild excitement and
disorder, the voice of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Brooks] was the only one raised
for the establishment of order and discipline. And
I am sorry to say, his efforts were in vain.
Had his counsel prevailed, rules might have been,
adopted which would have prevented other scenes
of disorder, and: perhaps stayed the arm of vio-
lence in this case.
But, sir, the House was not then so sensitive
of its dignity and the rights of its members.. But
now that it will serve to add to party purposes
and party success; now that the prejudices of the
North can be appealed to in aid of a sectional
controversy for tne Presidency, we roll up our
eyes in holy horror at the offense, and say to the
gentleman from South Carolina, " Stand aside, for
we are holier than thou." I shall put on no such
Pharisaical robe. While I do not approve of his
act of violence, I do not believe that he is a fit
object of the scorn of this House. I remember
well when a weapon was drawn on this floor by a
gentleman from Tennessee, and presented towards
the heart of his colleague, 4hat a resolution was
presented by Mr. Brooks making the carrying
of concealed weapons in this Hall an expulsory
offense; and I remember, too, that this House
scarcely treated the proposition with respectful
attention, and v«tedit down by a large majority.
I might refer, Mr. Speaker, to other instances
where the gentleman from South Carolina, during
those scenes of wild party excitement, arrayed
himself on the side of law and order, and gave
assurances of his generous devotion to personal
friend ships, undisturbed by party differences. But
I refrain, and will only repeat that I cannot re-
gard a man capable of such proper and generous
impulses as an unworthy member of this House.
It has been said, Mr. Speaker, that no northern
man dare vote against the expulsion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. The member who
made that declaration must have measured the
manly honesty of his peers in this House by
the narrow standard of his own independence.
Sir, I dare do anything I think right; and when
my constituents seek to deprive me of that priv-
ilege, I will say to them,'' Take back this bauble of
office which I did not seek; but attempt not the
vain work to fetter the conscience and the soul—
these are God's gifts, and shall nev#r be controlled
by the fear of man."
Mr. Speaker, I did not propose to enter into an
argument on this subject; my object was more to
account to my constituents why my name did not
appear in the vote constituting the committee of
investigation in this case, rather than for the pur-
pose of defending, at this time, the vote I propose
to give on the ultimate proposition. Other op-
portunities will be afforded me to reply to the
vindictive assaults which have been made against
my private character and political course during
the present session of Congress by the corrupt
partisan presses of the country. The only effect
of which has hitherto been to frighten a too sens-
itive child at home, lest some murderous design
was meditated against me. But, sir, let these
party editors howl on and rave on; they will soon
exhaust themselves with the impotency of their
own madness. In the mean time, I will find a safe
retreat from their bloodhound persecutions in the
approbation of every true-hearted, Union-loving
man in the country. And when my representa-
tive duties here shall close, the broad fields of my
own district will afford me a forum where I will
be heard, and where I shall be surrounded by a
generous and intelligent constituency, who will,
at least, hear before they strike.
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. I. D. CLAWSON,
op new jersey,
In the House of Representatives,
July 23, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
Army Appropriation bill,
| Mr. CLAWSON said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not my object to trespass
long upon the attention of the committee. During
this p'rotracted session this is the first time that I
have claimed its indulgence; and if I now ask it
for the purpose of discussing questions not alto-
gether relevant to the bill under consideration, I
would remind gentlemen that New Jersey hither-
to has not often participated in debates of this
character. Neither can the representatives from
that State, nor can this side of the House, be
chargeable with that oth,er method of consuming
time so often resorted to in this Hall. That
species of parliamentary tactics which interrupts
or whole days the legislation of the country by
moving calls of the House, by calling for the yeas
and nays, and by motions to adjourn* has been
appropriated almost exclusively by Democratic
fentlemen upon this floor. Measures which all
now must inevitably, in, the end, receive the
sanction of this body, have been thus delayed by
them for hours in ftieir passage.
If, as the gentleman from North Carolina
| [Mr. Clingman] asserts, there never was such
an unconscionable delay in the transaction of
public business as has occurred during the pres-
ent Congress, the country should understand upon
whom the responsibility rests. The record will
not only show his party, in this way, obstruct-
ing the passage of bills, but it will also show them
always ready to adjourn and to adjourn over. It
will show nine long weeks of the session con-
sumed by them in fruitless efforts to prevent an
organizationoftheHouse. It will show a determ-
ined opposition on their part to all attempts
which have been made to fix an earlier hour than
twelve o'clock for our sittings.
If the friends of the Administration can be jus-
tified in such prodigal waste of time, I trust that
I shall be pardoned while I call the attention of
the committee, for a few minutes, to some other
sins of a graver character for which that party
is responsible.
The Democracy, recently assembled in conven-
tion at Cincinnati, gave expression to their opin-
ions on the great questions of the day in certain
resolutions which they have published to the
world. They denounce, in unmeasured terms,
the principles of the American party; they indorse
the territorial bill for the government of Kansas
and Nebraska; they commend the wisdom which
has marked our intercourse with foreign nations,
and, in a word, approve in the strongest manner
of every act of the present Administration. To
I all these dogmas their nominee for President gives
j his unqualified assent. He finds language too
! feeble to express his admiration of the doctrine
I of squatter sovereignty, and seems to regret that
he, too, could not have been in the heat and dust
of that battle which achieved the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. He was, himself, one of
, the representatives of the Government abroad,
and was only too happy in being an instrument
in its hands to get us entangled in that maze of dif-
j Acuities, from which we have so recently emerged.
I Sir, it may be well worth while to inquire in what
consists the extraordinary merit of the present
Administration, since so respectable a body of
citizens as that composing the Cincinnati Conven-
tion, and so distinguished an individual as the
" favorite son of Pennsylvania," manifest for its
acts so warm an approbation? It may even con-
j cern Mr. Buchanan himself to know whether
I or not the policy which he so cordially embraces
be such as ought to meet the approval of a just
! a#d intelligent people.
