943
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. dawson.
Ho. of Reps.
I purpose to review, briefly) the political trans-
actions of the last three years; to expose to pub-
lic gaze the demoralization in the conduct of
public affairs; to contrast the condition of the
Government now with that which existed under
former Administrations; and, in conclusion, to
inquire whether or no the man who is so ready
to applaud the acta of another, has himself done
nothing but what should merit and command ap-
plause.
When the present Executive commenced his
official career, high hopes were entertained, even
by his political adversaries, that if he might not
be able to attain the positive merit of some of his
predecessors, he would at least not be guilty of
any gross acts of maladministration. Borne into
power upon the flood-tide of popular favor, he
nad every incentive to pursue an upright, honor-
able, and consistent course. His triumph had
been so complete as to have left scarcely a foe
upon the field of battle. He gave every promise
that he would use his victory with moderation.
His first bulletin, issued from the eastern portico
of this Capitol, commanded the respect and ap-
proval of many of those so recently arrayed
against him. " Standing almost within view of
the green slopes of Monticello, and, as it were,
within reach of the tomb of Washington," he
invoked the blessing of Providence upon the
country. " Higher objects thap personal aggran-
dizement gave direction and energy in the late
canvass to the efforts of those who elevated him
to power,'and they should not be disappointed."
" He fervently hoped that the question of slavery
■was at rest, and that no sectional, or ambitious,
or fanatical excitement, might again threaten the
durability of - our institutions, or obscurfe the
lightof our prosperity." " Every measure tend- j
ing to strengthen the fraternal feelings of all the
members of the Union had his heartfelt approba- I
tion." Such were some of the brave words pro-
nounced at the inauguration. The President had
everything to hope for, if he pursued the line of
policy he had thus marked out: he had everything
to fear, if he strayed into more devious paths.
He had been victorious equally at the North as
at the South; and it was therefore to be expected,
even if no declaration had been made to that
effect, that the North should receive a proper
consideration at his hands. The compromise
measures of 1850 had recently been engrafted
upon the statutes of the country: the South it
was hardly probable would ask for more; the
North had given strong indications that she would
yield no further. We were at peace with all the
world; plenty and contentment dwelt within our
borders; and without, the smoke of our swift
steamers and the white canvas of our clippers were
visible upon every sea. The asperity of the par-
tisan seemed for a time to have been laid aside,
if, indeed, parties could be said to have any ex-
istence whatever. The leading Whig presses
vied with the organs of the Democracy in extol-
ling the wise maxims which had fallen from the
lips of the President. The Washington Intelli-
gencer, the North American, the Philadelphia
Inquirer, and indeed every Opposition journal
that reached me at the time, did not hesitate to
eulogize both the inaugural and its author. The
Union assured us " that the country would repose
in security under its bright promises, never doubt-
nig that his administration would realize the ful-
fillment of every pledge and the discharge of every
duty. ' From such auspicious beginnings, expect-
ation looked forward without apprehension to a
long four years, in which no rumors either of
intestine broils or foreign wars should be heard.
But disappointment followed swift upon such
imaginings. Scarcely had the harsh notes of dis-
cord given place to these softer and more har-
monious sounds, when a dark cloud, whose deep-
voiced thunders could be already heard, became
visible in the distance. Another and another fol-
lowed in swift succession, until soon the whole
heavens wore a threatening aspect. Within we
were upon the eve of civil war: from without' the
most powerful armies of Europe were ready to be
precipitated upon us. How great a share of the
responsibility for this state of things belongs to
the Democratic party and the Administration it
will be our business presently to inquire.
The Missouri compromise had for thirty years
been a barrier for freedom. In the eyes of mod-
erate men everywhere it was regarded with
scarcely less reverence than the Constitution
itself. Pew even of the most ultra of slavery
propagandists thought for a moment seriously of
annulling it. Their most ardent aspirations had
been, even in their boldest essays al extension,
to preserve inviolate the right of slavery to exist
in territory south of that line. And yet, with a
full knowledge of such facts as these, almost the
first act of the present Administration has been
to abrogate a compact so long held sacred. The
student of history, in future ages, will scarcely
credit the historian who shall repeat the story of
that iniquitous repeal. He will be slow to believe
that in the North could be found a man who
would initiate a project to the highest degree
offensive to his own people, yet not demanded by
those whom it was intended to advantage; and
that an Executive, who had "fervently hoped
that the question of slavery was at rest,'' should
approve,defend—nay,assist to lobby through, a
measure more fraught with evil than any that ever
received the sanction of legislativo enactment;
and that a majority of the Democratic members
of Congress, pledged by the Baltimore platform
against the further agitation of the slavery ques-
tion in any form, should lend it their voices and
their votes.
It will hardly be incumbent on me at tliis time
to discuss the immediate causes of the disturb-
ances in Kansas. So far as regards my present
purpose, it matters but little whether the free-
State party, or the pro-slavery party, or both,
are at fault. It is sufficient for me to know, that
from this one act of the Administration have
sprung all the woes that have since afflicted that
unhappy land. If pro-slavery sheriffs have been
shot down—if free-soil citizens have been butch-
ered—if ministers of the gospel and high dignita-
ries of State have been maltreated—if emigrant aid
societies have stirred up civil strife by sending
thither armed settler# from the free States—or if
Missouri and the South have marched their sol-
diery upon her soil with drums beating, flags
flying, and all the instruments of war—if property
has been destroyed—if towns have been laid siege
to—if the sanctity of the ballot-bfex has been vio-
lated,—it must not be forgotten, however culpable
may be the immediate authors of those wrongs,
that in this Capitol, and in the executive man-
sion, all these calamities have had their origin.
For all her cities sacked—for all her presses and
hotels demolished—for all her citizens slaugh-
tered, or unjustly condemned to vile and unusual
penalties—this Administration and its co-laborers
will have to answer.
Had the President remained true to his inau-
gural—had the Democracy adhered to the resolu-
tions of their National Convention, the Kansas
bill would have remained unenacted; and as pro-
found a peace to-day would have prevailed within
her borders as exists within the limits of any
member of this Confederacy. Her virgin soil,
instead of being the theater of contending foes,
would be the scene only of thriving industry.
Her tall forests, now ringing with the loud
clangor of arms, and the fierce tumult of angry
words, would only echo to the blows of the ax
of the pioneer; and# her green prairies, now
plowed by wheels of hostile cannon, would
wear but the impress of the implements of the
husbandman.
Graceful declamation and well-set phrases about
the capacity of the people to govern themselves,
will neverconvince mankind that the largest liberty
may not sometimes degenerate into the most law-
less despotism. Nor will it suffice to justify these
wrongs, to put forward the doctrine of popular
rights and popular sovereignty. Whatever justi-
fication there might be in this plea, under some
circumstances, there could have been none under
those which existed at the time of the passage of
this bill. The Union had been, on more than one
occasion, shaken to its center.by the agitation of
the very question which the repeal of the Missouri
compromise would again raise up. The Republic
had, again and again, seemed about to totter to its
fall, by the upheavings of public sentiment upon
the subject of slavery. It had required all the
wisdom of our ablest statesmen, and all the cour-
age of the giant intellects of the nation, to preserve,
at such times, the ship of State "from storms and
rocks which threatened it with wreck." When
our Democratic friends took possession of her
quarter-deck, the staunch old bark lay moored
securely in her harbor; but rash counsels and
reckless daring were at the helm, and she was
once more launched upon the deep, to tempt the
shoals and quicksands of tempestuous seas.
Unfortunately these are not the only dangers
with which we have been threatened. While
professing an earnest desire to maintain peaceful
relations with all the world, there has scarcely
been a month during the whole period of the
Administration in which we have not been threat-
ened with a war—hardly a nation on the globe
with which we have not been upon the eve of a
quarrel. The vacillating policy of our rulers
has been the means of keeping questions open for
months, which a strong will and well-directed
efforts would have put to rest at once and forever,
with honor and safety to the Government, and
with satisfaction to the country. Such was our
policy in the enlistment difficulty with England,
i We complain of her for recruiting soldiers upon
1 our territory, and yet hesitate, from day to day,
to dismiss the minister known to be implicated
in the transaction. We temporize; we send dip-
lomatic notes, couched in most courteous terms.
We politely beg for apologies for the violations
of our rights. We let a whole year pass in the
transmission of irritating messages. We wait
until she has made peace with Russia, until her
fleets and armies are at liberty to seek employ-
ment elsewhere, and then, forsooth>dismiss her
minister. And for fear that this may not be suf-
ficient to provoke hostilities, we recognize at this
favorable juncture the fillibustering Republic of
Nicaragua. We do more. We send our armed
ships to her coast, and, though professing a strict
neutrality, we give everybody to understand, who
desires to participate in the fortunes of Walker,
that the way is open, and a safe transit will be
insured. If, after all this, England does not fight,
for that, at least, we shall hold the Administra-
tion blameless. With such Signal folly has its
course in this affair been marked, that it is not
strange if the rumor should gain credence which
imputes to it a design to provoke a war; and its
enemies do not hesitate to declare that this harsli
remedy is invoked in order to heal the body-
Eolitic of wounds inflicted by the Kansas-Ne-
raskalegislation—to distract attention from evils
in our midst, to other evils in the shape of steam
frigates and veteran regiments from England—
to hide the wrongs of Kansas in the West with
the smoke of burning towns and cities in the fiaat.
Within the short period of the President's ca-
reer, we have had serious quarrels with France
and Spain; and our relations with Denmark, even
now, are not of the most amicable character.
With the poor Dane, the policy adopted with the
Briton is reversed. Our demands upon him are
made at a time when threatened by the Czar; and,
defenseless himself, his friends have more press-
ing engagements upon their hands than to un-
dertake his quarrel.
.But if " those who elevated him to power
during the late canvass" have been disappointed
in his management of our foreign relations, and
of our domestic institutions, they have not less
reason to be so with the result of that rigid econ-
omy which was so gracefully promised by the
President in his inaugural address. 1 read from
that memorable State paper: " In the adminis-
tration of domestic affairs you expect a devoted
integrity in the public service, and an observance
of rigid economy in all departments, so marked as
never to be justly questioned. If this reasonable
expectation be not realized, I frankly confess that
one of your leading hopes is doomed to disap-
pointment, and that my efforts in an important
particular are doomed to a humiliating failure."
The peculiar champions of the President dwelt
with much emphasis upon this pledge. The ex-
travagance under Mr. Fillmore was loudly de-
nounced; there were to be no more speculations
upon the public Treasury; the time for Galphin-
ism and Gardinerism had gone by, and hence-
forth retrenchment and reform were to be the
order of the day- Well, sir, with these fair
promises ringing in the people's ears, the very
first year that Franklin Pierce was President of
