1856.|
appendix to the congressional globe.
943
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Clawson.
Ho. of Reps.
die United States, he spent seventy-five millions 1
of dollars of the public money — an amount
gteater by fifteen Bullions than had ever bfcfore
been expended in any one year since the estab-
lishment of the Government It was twenty-
fire millions more than the average annual expend-
iture under his predecessor—a sum which would
have sufficed Washington for almost his entire
term, and which Martin Van Buren did not reach
in any two years of that Administration so
marked by profuse expenditure.
Thus commenced this extraordinary econom-
ical reform; and it seems to have extended thas
far throughout the entire term. During the sec-
ond fiscal year the expenditures exceeded sixty-
six millions of dollars, (>66,209,922,) and during
the third, not yet fully ascertained, they are esti-
mated to amount to seventy-one millions. During
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, the dis-
bursements for the War Department alone were
greater than the entire expenses of the Govern-
ment for any one year under the elder Adams.
Why, sir, I believe we do not pretend to keep
much of a standing army—certainly for some
years past it has been only upon a peace estab-
lishment—and if we except a few sabers employed
in Kansas, and a regiment or two in Washington
and Oregon, there have been no active military
operations. And yet, during this period of inac-
tivity, it requires $14,773,826 for a single year—
nearly fifteen millions of dollars, to meet the de-
mands of that branch of the public service. The
Nary has fared nearly as well. During the past
year the sums appropriated to its service reacned
(#13,281,341) thirteen and a quarter millions;
and during the present, ending June 30, 1856,
they are increased to upwards of fourteen millions
of dollars. The expenses in all departments of
Government for the next fiscal year, the last in
which, for some time to come, we are likely to
take lessons of economy from a Democratic Ad-
ministration, will largely exceed anything that
has gone before it. To judge from what we
have seen of lavish expenditure on the public
buildings, from what we know of certain defi-
ciency and other bills which have come up here
for our consideration, and from our knowledge
of the vast sums heretofore required, it would not
be too much to say that a hundred millions would
barely suffice to meet the demands upon the pub-
lic Treasury for the current fiscal year.
It will be urged by the friends of the Admin-
istration, that out of the gross sums disbursed
by it, a considerable portion went to pay off the
public debt. This, sir, is unquestionably true,
out it is true also of that which preceded it; yet,
it will be found that the whole amount so paid
has barely reached ten millions a year, and. that,
after making allowance for all this, the party in
poverhave been still guilty of a most fearful waste
of the public treasure. Happily our immense
receipts from customs have thus far been suffi-
cient to meet even such lavish expenditure; but
contemplate for a moment what would be the
probable condition of affairs, if, while the Gov-
ernment still remains in the hands of these rigid
ctonoauito of the Democratic school, peace should
unhappily be broken. If, in their vocabula^r,
rigid economy means an expenditure of seventy-
five million a year in a time of profound tran-
quillity, what vast sums would they not require
in the event of war ? Sir, with these gentlemen
for managers, and England for our foe, with our
custom-houses idle, and a large Army and Navy
actively employed, we should be fortunate indeed,
if we escaped from a long contest with a debt
which did not rival those of the old monarchies
of Europe.
Mr. Chairman, one other gross wrong for which
the Democratic party is responsible, was the cre-
ation of the late naval board. It is true, sir, that
in the Congress which passed that act they were
not entirely unanimous in their approval of it,
but they had a large majority in both branches
of the National Legislature, and a majority of
their party in either House supported it. The
President, the Secretary of the Navy, and the
whole Cabinet, assiduously urged its passage.
They still approve it, and defend the action of
the board. Had not that Congress, and that Pres-
ident, been the authors of that other famous
Measure, to which 1 have already directed the I
attention of the House, this, sir, should have
been sufficient to call down upoil them the indig-
nation of the country. It is styled, " An net to
promote the greater efficiency of the Navy,"and
yet it is by no means certain that it has not les-
sened that efficiency it was intended to increase.
At all events, it is undeniable that the action of
the board has cashiered some of the most efficient
officers in the service.
The man around whose brow clusters some of
the brightest laurels won in the last war with
England, whose brilliant achievements were the
theme of every tongue, and whose naval victories
sent a thrill of patriotic pride to the bosom of
every true lover of his country, was one of the
first to be stricken down. Charles Stewart for
forty years has honored the State I in part repre-
sent, bymakingit his residence; and New Jersey
feels acutely the blow which has been aimed at
her adopted son. She cherishes his fame as a part
of her own patrimony, and will not fail, wnen
opportunity offers, to resent the wrong.
Another victim to the action of this board was
that Lieutenant Maury, of whom we have all
heard so much—whose fame is as extensive as
those seas whose currents he had investigated—
whose brilliant discoveries in science have added
luster to the American name, and given eclat to
that naval corps from which he has been so igno-
miniously retired. Sir, the most enlightened Gov-
ernments of Europe have vied with each other in
seeking to bestow upon him distinguishing marks
of their consideration and esteem. MedalS and
diplomas have reached him from almost, every
court and capital of the Old World. Learned
societies have bestowed upon him the compliment
of membership; savans and professors have sent
letters of congratulation upon his honorable ca-
reer. Every mariner upon the ocean is familiar
with his name; it is heard in the frozen regions
of the Arctic, on the torrid Indian sea, upon the
broad Atlantic, and on the peaceful billows of the
Pacific. Few men, in our day, have won so fair
a reputation. Even yet he continues his honor-
able pursuits, pained, but not disheartened, by
this cruel verdict of his countrymen.
These, sir, are but two instances out of many
such, in which meritorious officers have been
summarily stricken from the rolls of the Navy.
Scores of gentlemen who have given the best
portion of their lives to the service of their
country—who had sought reputation at the can-
non's mouth and won it, now find themselves
deprived, not only of the rank they had so hon-
orably obtained, but, in many instances, even
of that stipend which, when dismissed, they had
a right to expect fcom a generous nation. Sir, a
court more unjustly constituted, or one whose
action is more open to censure, could scarcely be
imagined. It is infinitely worse than that Star-
Chamber with which it has been so frequently
compared. Its sessions have not only been all
secret, but its judgments have been made up
without the presence of witness, advocate, or
criminal. The accused is not only condemned
without a hearing, but is even ignorant that his
conduct is being subjected to the scrutiny of the
board. Totally unconscious of any crime, the
first notice that he receives tells him that he has
been tried, found guilty, and dismissed.
Were it necessary, Mr.'Chairman, to recite
other acts of the Administration equally obnox-
ious with those already named, I apprehend the
task would not be difficult. Who does not know
with what an intensity of hatred it has pursued
all those holding positions under it, who have
dared to avow opinions favorable to the doctrines
of the American party. Proscription, such as
never prevailed under any former President, has
been practiced in every department of the Gov-
ernment. No office has been so obscure as to
escape observation; no officer so honest, so capa-
ble, so faithful to the Constitution, as to escape
proscription. Is there a postmaster of a country
village suspected of such neresy—straightway an
order issues for his removal. Is there an old
gray-haired clerk, who, perhaps, has faithfully
served under Jackson, Adams, and their success-
ors—speedily another fills his place. But, sir,
the employes and officers of the Government are
not only net of the American party—in many
instances they are not even of the American peo-
ple. For a long time, a native of France was our
minister at the Court of Spain, and an Austrian,
in the same capacity, now represents us at the
Hague. Foreigners swarm irt the public officcs
of this city, una the ear is tortured by a concord
of sweet sounds, in which the rich brogue <?f old
Ireland and the sweet German accent blend har-
moniously together. The majority of the labor-
ers upon our public buildings, upon the Treas-
ury, the Post Office, the new wings of this Capitol,
were taught their first lessons of republicanism
under the despotisms of the Old World. It would
seem as if not even the ranks of the Democratic
party could furnish native artists and artisans
good enough to erect and decorate new halls of
legislation for an American Congress. We must
send abroad for new levies of Germans and Ital-
ians to complete the work, whilehundreds of our
own people seek in vain for employment.
Such, sir, has been the conduct of that Admin-
istration whose policy meets the approbation of
our friends at Cincinnati, and of their nominee
for President. The Executive has failed to re-
deem a single promise made at the inauguration.
On the contrary, the national tranquillity has been
broken; our foreign relations have been disturbed;
lavish expenditure has run riot in the public
Treasury; and the foreigner and the slave power
dictate terms to the Federal Government. Mr.
Buchanan, if elected, is pledged to the continua-
tion of that policy; and in such an event, the
country hereafter is doomed to witness scenes
still more fearful than any through which we
have yet passed. To what straits we shall be
reduced, it would be idle to predict, but it may
not be too much to say, that then, the patriot
may have just cause to despair of the Republic.
Let us revert a moment to the history, of that
distinguished individual who now fills so large
a space in the public eye. For forty years he has
been in public life; he has occupied positions of
honor and responsibility at home and abroad.
With every opportunity to render signal service
to the State, let his friends point us to a single
act which entitles him to the gratitude of the na-
tion. What measure calculated to benefit it has
he originated, or even assisted materially to ad-
vance ? In Europe, what important treaty has he
negotiated—at home when has he achieved a
peace, or exalted the national honor? So far
from this, sir, the name of James Buchanan might
be blotted from the history of the country, and
its page would still shine as bright and luminous
as ever.
The gallant tars and veterans of the last war
received but little aid, either from his pen or
sword. While on land our soldiers were welcom-
ing the regiments of England " with bloody hands
to hospitable graves," on the sea our sailors were
nobly vindicating sailors' rights, and winning for
themselves and the country imperishabl'renown.
At such a time as this, when, if ever, the nation
needed a respite from the bickerings of party
strife, the sage of Wheatland was giving aid and
comfort to the enemy by maintaining the justice
of their cause and the unrighteousness of our
own. He who now leads the Democratic phalanx
was then its implacable assailant; and the great
and good men of that day, who were associated
| with it in the prosecution of the war, found in
him an uncompromising foe. Sir, his friends
would have us forget transgressions so venial as
these, since he served in that war which he so
bitterly assailed. What his services in the camp
were, it would be even more difficult to discover
than those other services in the Senate, for which
I they claim for him the lofty boon of the Presi-
dency. His campaigns, so far as I have learnt,
were, very different from those of the great Caesar.
He came, but he neither saw nor conquered.
Unfortunately for his military aspirations, they
were not undertaken until the war had almost
ceased, and until the enemy had left those fields
on which he had expected to acquire his laurels.*
* " Buchanan's Volunteering—Mr. Clay.—The Louis-
ville Journal tells the following very pungent anecdote,
which must have told with wonderftil effect upon the old
Federalist of 1812 and 1815. The source whence it came,
too, the immortal Henry Clay, whose clarion voice rever-
berated through the Republic, from center to circumfer-
ence, summoning the nation to arms to vindicate the rights
and liberties of American seamen on the high seas, while
