1356.]
oim Cong....1st Sgss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&S.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr, Hoffman.
945
Ho. ot' Ruhs.
exist in the Houses of Congress ?" I have been
unable to find, even after several careful readings
of the majority report, where, as alleged by the
minority, "The argument is, that, as there is no
express provision for protecting the two Houses
of Congress in the exercise of their legislative
duties from interruption and disturbance, there-
fore, from the necessity of the case, they must
exercise powers not delegated by the 'Constitu-
tion." And, at the close of the report, the minor-
ity hold this language:
•• We differ only as to the source from which that power
is derived, and Uie mode in which it is to bo exercised.
Those who claim for Congress these peculiar privileges
look to parliamentary law, British precedent. Ami the neces-
sity of the ease, for tiieir authority. We, on the contrary,
look to the Constitution of the country for the authority,
and to the laws passed in pursuance tliereof for the mode
ami manner of its enforcement; and it is for the H ui-e to
say whether it will rest its claim to privileges upon the one
or the other of these sources of power."
Now I submit that, in each and all these quo-
tations from' the minority report, the position
and grounds of the majority are wholly mis-
stated, and utterly misconceived; the only effect
of which, if permitted to go out to the country
unexplained and uncontroverted, would be to
place those of us who cannot yield assent to their
conclusions in a false and untenable position.
It" I have read the report of the majority to
any purpose or understanding of the same, it 1
asserts and maintains that, and that only, which !
the minority themselves declare in their report,
viz: that part of the Constitution contained in
the fifth and sixth ^sections of the first article,
which is in these words:
'• Each House shall he the judge of the elections, returns,
and (jiidtinentions of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a
gmallpr number may adjourn from day to day, and may be
authorized to compel the attendance of absent members,
in sueii manner aud under such penalties as each House
may provide." . j
" I.ach House may determine the rules of its proceedings, j
puni h Us members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concurrence of ito thirils, expel a memler]
" The Senators and Representatives shall receive a com- j
pensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and
paid oat of the Treasury of the United States. They shall
in all eases, except treason, felony.and breach of the peace, t
b« privileged from arrest, during their attendance at their i
respective Houses, and m going to and returning from the j
same: and for any speech or debate in either House they I
thall not he questioned in any other place." j j
But the comments of the minority upon the
above clause are worthy of particular considera-
tion, and relieve those who contend for the juris-
diction of any necessity for a single word in its
behalf. Hear them:
"The powers and privileges conferred by these two pro-
visions of the Constitution, in connection with the express
authority also given in that instrument, ' to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested
by this Constitution in the Government of the United States,
or in any department or office thereof,' wiH, in our judg-
ment, render unnecessary, as it is clearly improper and un-
authorized, to go back to the law of the British Parliament
in search for peculiar and exclusive pri vileges.'' i
After this full and most ample concession of
all the power claimed and required, I would pro-
pound to them the interrogatory which they have,
with such bad grace, and so fatally for their own
positions, propounded to those who differ with
them in their conclusions, namely: j
" What necessity can there possibly be to go beyond the j
limits of the Constitution in search for other and higher
powers than those expressly conferred?"
And yet all the reasoning of the minority, from
beginning to end, would seem to be founded upon
a state of case the very opposite of all this; as
though the majority were m total and blissful
ignorance of what the fathers have done for us;
going back to " parliamentary law, British pre-
cedents, and the necessity of the case, for their
authority," when it could be found just to hand
in the Constitution.
It needs but a glance at these reports to satisfy
me how this matter was regarded. The majori-
ty dispose of the subject in a little over three
pages, whilst the minority occupy about fifteen
of the printed report. What is the reason of
this? Because the majority treated the question
of constitutional power as one closed—so clear,
so palpable, that they did not even deem it neces-
sary to present an argument jn its favor. They
declare, in express terms, "that the assault com-
plained was in direct violation of the Constitution
New Series.-—No. 60.
of the United Slatesand further, "that this
House hus the power and ought to punish."
: The gentleman from Nt\v Jersey, [Mr. Pkx-
i nington,] who composed one of the majority of
the select committee, in the remarks which lie
submitted a few days ago, used this language:
" 111 claiming tins power, 1 do not wish to be understood
as asserting that the entire body of the Kuglish parliament-
ary law and precedents is in force under the Constitution,
either as to all the classes of cases to which they have been
made to apply, or as to the means of vindication. It is not
from this }uirliancentary law, but the Constitution, that the
t power is derived
And again:
" I freely concede that, if the House possesses this power,
it derives it expressly or by implication from the Constitu-
tion, and from no other sourcc.'' i
I think, therefore, it would puzzle one even i
more astute than a " Philadelphia lawyer" to point
out wherein the majority have been governed in
their report by " precedents from the British
1 House of Commons." They certainly have cited
no precedents of any kind, foreign or domestic, ,
except in so far as the Senate report has been
adopted and incorporated as part of their own.
But the committee of the Senate have not pre-
' scnted anything foreign, confining itself exclu-
sively to those which are American. Then, I ,
ask, what becomes of the declaration of the mi- i
nority, that the only ground of difference is " as J
to the source from which that power is derived j
and the mode in which it is to be exercised?" i
It strikes me as decidedly cool for the minority i
thus to plant themselves upon the Constitution
by assumption merely, and, by the self-same pro-
Cess, place those who differ with them uponpar-
liamentary privilege.
The minority, as wc have seen, having ex-
pressed their disbelief in any " omission or fail-
ure to provide for the protection of Congress,"
and having further declared their conviction that
[ assume here. If he will examine carefully the case
i I refer to, he will see that those who supported
" the legality of the order" in that case, took pre-
1 cisely the ground which the minority have im-
puted to the majority in this instance, namely:
natural or necessary power and the sanction of
British precedents; whilst those who opposed
the " commitment" conceded the very point upon
which the minority here rely, namely: that the
jurisdiction here claimed would amount to an
, " ex post facto laic." The argument of the mi-
nority then was:
"That Comrre^s liave no such natural or necosmry power,
nor any powers but such as are given by the Constitution;
j that that has given them iiirecti.y, exemption I'rcim per-
! sonal arrest, exemption from question elsewhere fur what i*
1 said in their House, and power over their own members and
proceedings; for these no further law is necessary, iiik
1 Constitution beino the law!"
j Not satisfied with this plea, the minority next
. proceed to inquire what privilege of either House
has been violated, calling for the interposition of
this body; and after reciting that clause of the
Constitution which declares lhat " for any speech
or debate in either House, they shall not be
questioned in any other place/' they seek to
evade its force by limiting its construction as fol-
lows:
i " This provision of the Constitution was evidently in-
i tended to protect members of Congress from such legal
liability as they might incur for words spoken in debate iu
their respective Houses."
Can it be, that such a wise and salutary pro-
vision ofyour Constitution will hear so contracted,
narrow a construction, as that sought to be given
it by the words [ have quoted ? It would indeed
be a strange reflection upon the wisdom of the
framers of that glorious and peerless chart, to
suppose that they had exercised so much care
and caution to protect and shield from "legal"
responsibility, and yetintended no personal secu-
the " powers and privileges conferred by the two , i "P exemption from personal^ assault or
nrnvisinns pifArl ronHor it nnnoffeooai; OOuliy -harm . Can it be
provisions already cited, render it unnecessary to ij
. go beyond the Constitution for other and higher jj
powers," take refuge and shield themselves be- jj
hind the only remaining plea, namely: that the '!
i action proposed is in the nature of an " ex post
\ facto law," and therefore clearly unconstitutional
and beyond the jurisdiction of the House. They
say:
" He has only to look to the Constitution and to the law >
of till! land; and we do insist upon it, if lie finds 110 prohi-
bition either in the Constitution or in the law, whether that
law be passed by both Houses of Congress, of a law passed, \
in the nature of rules, by either branch, he ought not to be !
held responsible for the commission of any act which none '
of these provide against." !
I apprehend that this proposition will be acqui- J
esced in, and freely assented to, by every member !
upon this floor—to whatever party lie may belong j
—whether friendly to the majority or minority re- !
ports. Thatis, with the simple understanding that
the minority mean just what they say. For if they
intend to assert that, with such grants as those
now in the Constitution, it is necessary for this
House to define the precisc nature of the power,
, what may or may not constitute a breach of its
privileges, and the affixing of specific penalties
; for each violation of the same, then, sir, do we j
I differ loto ccelo. And if they do not mean what
■ their words clearly imply, then am I at a loss to I
; discover ally application to the view which they j
j present of the case. In opposition to the latter j
j view, presuming that to be their meaning, I would [
, interpose the language of that distinguished South I
; Carolinian, Mr. McDuffie, as employed in his \
| report in the case of Jarvis and Adams, in 1828, ;
and quoted with approbation by the Senate com- j
| mitjee in this case. It is this: j
j " Tn its very nature it is (a power) not susceptible either j
i of precise definition or precise limitation. Each particular 1
j instance of its exercise must be adapted to the emergency !
which calls for it." - j
I And further you will find that Mr. Jefferson, '
in his Manual, page 56, late edition, refers to the j
j debate which occurred in the Senate, in the case I
i of Duane, who, for certain defamatory paragraphs I
which he published in his own paper, and for j
which, having been cited to the bar of the Senate '
and failing to appear, he was ordered to be com-
mitted ana was actually imprisoned. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Simmons] said there
had always been found a small minority who
occupied the very ground which the minority
that your Constitution
guards jealously and well your rights of character
and of property, whilst the rights of person may
be utterly disregarded and trampled under foot,
and this House be impotent for redress' Is net
the person of a national legislator as sacred tinder
those constitutional privileges to which I have
referred—as patent among its provisions—as much
part and parcel of his birthright, as is his right
of protection to property, character, or life itself?
If it be not so, then have you discounted ytlur
Constitution to- on extent which would have it
subserve the meaner right, and turn its back upon
the nobler; which would so construe it as to make
it amply protect that which is but trash, to the
neglect of that which bears the image and like-
ness of its Creator. Before I pass from thi#
point, I must be allowed to express my regret,
that in a paper of this kind, and in such a dis-
cussion, gentlemen should have indulged in lan-
guage like this:
" We are at a loss to understand why it is that memben
of Congress cannot be content to enjoy the same privileges
and the same protection which is guarantied to every other
citizen of the land. We recognize no privileged class."
This, to me, with all due deference to thos«
who employed it, has very much the ring ofthat
used by the demagogue, when he would address
an appeal to the passions of the populace, aad
against their sober judgment. It is the great
constitutional privilege, " freedom of speech and
the rights of the people," which are in issue,
and not a simple assault and battery upon a mem-
ber of Congress.
The justly distinguished Judge Story, in his
Commentaries on the Constitution, (2d vol., p.
299,) says:
" This power in the House to punish and expel its i 
bers for aggravated misconduct (is) indispensable, not a# a
common, but as an ultimate redress for the grievance."
And still further on (page 307 of same volume)
he holds the following:
" Nor is this power to be received in aii unfavorable light
It is a privilege, not of the members of either House, but,
like all other privileges of Congress, mainly intended as a
privilege of the people and for their benefit
A distinction has been attempted to be drawn
between the sjioken and the printed speech. How-
ever clearly this point (if it can be said to have
any point in it) would seem to me to be an after-
thought, it has nevertheless received honorable
notice at the hands of Judge Butier in the
