946
•APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Hoffman.
Ho. op Heps.
Senate, of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. ClingmanJ and perhaps others who have
participated in the discussion. The minority, not
content with their own reasoning upon it, have
called into requisition Justice Story—how satis-
factorily to themselves, the House can judge from !
the language immediately following the quotation
they made from the distinguished author. They !
say: |
" The suggostion of the differences between English and
American legislation on this subject, alluded to by the
learned commentator in the closing paragraph of the fore-
going extract, does not strike our minds with the same force
that it did his, and ive pass from the further consideration
of this branch of this subject, without giving this distinction
that attentive examination which he has invoked for it."
And hence it becomes important to ascertain
•what the distinction is which the minority thus
unceremoniously turn their backs upon, whereby
they, seemingly at least, discredit (if such a thing
■were possible in this instance) their own witness. !
It is as follows :
"It is proper, however, to apprise the learned reader,
that it has recently been denied in Congress, by very dis-
tinguished lawyers, that the privilege of speech and debate
in Congress does not extend to publication of his speech.
And they ground themselves upon a very important distinc-
tion, arising from tlie actual differences between English
and American legislation. In the former, the publication
of the debates is not strictly lawful, except by license of
the House; in the latter, it is a common right, exercised
and supported by the direct encouragement of the body.
This reasoning deserves a very attentive examination."
The perspicuity and pertinency of this distinc-
tion, for which Justice Story invoked " a very
attentive examination," and which the minority,
as we have seen from their own confession, did
not give it, will be more fully appreciated when
it is known that in England, from time imme-
morial, the following rules have obtained. The
House of Lords, as far back as 1698, declared as
one of its rules,.
" That it is a breach of the privilege of this House for any
person whatsoever to print, or publish in print, anything
relating to the proceedings of the House, without the leave
of this House."
And the House of Commons, even at a much
earlier period, (1641,) passed this order:
" That no member shall either give a copy, or publish in
print, anything that he shall speak here, without leave of
the House."
The above doctrine has prevailed in England
from that day to this, whilst in free, republican
America, the opposite of all this is tne case.
In the former country, the publication of the
debates and proceedings were regarded as detri-
mental to the interests of the Crown, and as
against public policy; whilst in our own country,
the very reverse of this has been the practice, and
for the diametrically opposite consideration—that
it is consonant with the highest public policy and
promotive of the interests and liberties of the
people. We publish them by authority of law,
at great expense, provide the best stenographers,
accommodate with seats and desks at convenient
parts of the Hall the various reporters and cor-
respondents of our enterprising press—all out of
the public Treasury, and with the avowed object
of disseminating among the people accurate and
reliable knowledge of what their public servants
are doing, and how the Government is being ad-
ministered. To complete the faithfulness of the
distinction, and the absurdity of the opposite
view, it must be borne in mind that the Senator
in question had no right nor -power of his own
me^e motion to have suppressed the offensive re-
marks contained in his speech. It had passed
into the public records of debates, and it is wor-
thy of note, that at the instant this assault was
committed, the speech so exceptionable had been
stricken off by thousands, and was in the pos-
session of every member of both Houses, not at
the instance of Mr. Sumner, but under and by
authority of Congress. Whilst, however, I fully
agree with Justice Story, that no member of Con-
fress has a right, under color of this privilege, to
efame the character of any citizen through the
medium of the press, I am willing to go one step
further, and say that he has no right to utter
' them, much less to publish. But what shall con-
stitute such a stepping aside from duty must be left
to a sound discretion somewhere; whether alone
tp the body of which he was a member at the
time, or to the judicial tribunals, or to both, it is
unnecsssary to say, since that question is not
legitimately before us. The reason assigned by
the minority, or rather the apology, for not giv-
ing "that attentive examination, is, that the
power now claimed amounts to that of one House
assuming jurisdiction over the privileges of the
other, for the purpose of affording protection to
them. I do not understand that, by the adoption
of the majority report, we assume any such
thing. The Senate has decided the question of
privilege for itself, and has simply called upon
this House to say what shall be the measure of
rebuke. I am frank to say, in looking at the re-
lations of the two Houses as coordinate branches,
constituting one Congress, with the privileges of
each" common to both and all, resting not merely
upon the privilege of the legislator, but upon a
great popular right, the benefit of the people. I
should have held it as entirely within the scope
of our authority to have taken precisely the same
action, even though the Senate had omitted or
failed to take any notice of the assault, or have
arrived at a different conclusion from that filed in
this case. The minority say further, by way of
apology for that want of " attention:"
" It was unnecessary, however, for us to have considered
this branch of the argument, as we know of no authority
derived either from the law, or the rules of Congress, or
even from that uncertain source of power—parliamentary
law—which requires the House of Representatives to take
upon itself the duty of preserving and protecting members
of the other branch of Congress in the exercise of the
privilege."
To this general assumption against our juris-
diction, upon the ground that it is unwarranted
both by the rules of the House and by parlia-
mentary law, the minority will pardon me for
setting up in' opposition to their opinion, first,
the deliberate judgment of the Senate commit-
tee, unanimously approved by the Senate, in
which they say :
" But while it is the opinion of the committee that this
assault wfts a breach of the privileges of the Senate, they
also think that it is not within the jurisdiction of the Senate,
and can only be punished by the House of Representatives,
of which Mr. Brooks is a member."
And again:
"This opinion is in strict conformity with the
recognized parliamentary law."
I might safely rest this point upon the opinion
of the Senate committee, indorsed unanimously
by that body, as at least good against the opinion
of the minority of our own committee, and those
who agree with them upon this floor. But as
the Senate committee have chosen to fortify their
opinion by proofs drawn from the highest parlia-
mentary authors, I do not feel at liberty to pass
them by. Hatsell, in his treatise on the subject,
at page 71, discourses as follows:
" We see from the several precedents above cited, that
neither House of Parliament can take upon themselves any
breach of privilege offered to them by any member of the
other House; but that in such cases the usual mode of
proceeding is- to examine into the fact, and then to lay a
statement of that evidence before the House of which the
person complained of is a member."
By the 139th rule of the House, it is provided:
"The rules of parliamentary practice, comprised in
Jefferson's Manual, shall govern the House in all cases to
which they arc-applicable, and in which they are not in-
consistent with the standing rules and orders of the
House, and joint rales of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives." •
Now, by referring to the Manual, at page 77,
(late edition,) you will find that Mr. Jefferson
lays down this rule :
" Neither House can exercise any authority over a mem-
ber or officer of the other, but should complain to the House I
of which he is, and leave the punishment to them." |
Thus is it shown by the concurrent testimony 1
of Jefferson, Hatsell, the Senate committee, and
the deliberate judgment of the whole-Senate, that
the assertion of the minority, that the proposed
action had neither the authority "of the rules of
Congress, or even from that uncertain source !
of power—parliamentary law," was wholly gra-
tuitous ana unfounded, and made in the face
of the most overwhelming testimony to the
country.
The minority very modestly wind up their ex- '
tended report, by telling us, " that there has been 1
no violation in this cose of the privileges of either ^
House;" that " whatever offense may have been '
committed is properly cognizable before the courts
of the country, and propose to dismiss the sub-
ject to that jurisdiction,"and they therefore report
this resolution:
Resolved, That this House has no jurisdiction over the
assault alleged to have been committed by the Hon. Pres-
ton S. Brooks, a member of this House from the State of
South Carolina, upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, a Sena-
tor from the State of Massachusetts ; and therefore deem
it improper to express any opinion on the subject.
And has it come to this, that we are to confide
alone in the power of the criminal code for secur-
ing that freedom of speech and debate guarantied
under and by the Constitution? Sir, your penal
code, when most faithfully and impartially ad-
ministered, under any and all forms of govern-
ment, can exercise but a partial and negative
influence. The disapproval or censure of this
body—legitimately and firmly, but calmly and
dispassionately expressed—will be more potent
in the suppression of those unhallowed passions,
which prompt these frequent resorts to violence,
than can be that of your judicial tribunals, frown
they never so threateningly with fines and impris-
onment. The incentives to the cultivation of
greater virtue, moderation and forbearance, are
to be found rather in the approval or condemna-
tion of those whose judgment we value, and whose
good opinion we would not forfeit, than in any
merely slavish fear of,penal inflictions. The
standard of the " law of honor" is higher than
that of abject fear, rising above any such base-
born, ignoble passion. It consists in feelings and
actions which your criminal law is neither com-
petent, nor expected, nor intended to reach and to
govern; made up of that which it is the preroga-
tive of a pure, moral sentiment alone to generate,
to foster, and to diffuse. It is conceded that this
assault was committed solely fcr words spoken in
debate. There is no other pretense set up for it.
Mr. Brooks, even, in his letter to the Senate,
acknowledges so much in as many words. He
makes the same confession in his defense before
the court. So then, in my judgment, it is an of-
fense not simply in view of the place where com-
mitted, and tne person upon whom inflicted, but
is at the same time a flagrant violation of that
constitutional safeguard with which our very
destiny as a free Commonwealth is inseparably
connected. However great may have been the
offense, or extenuating the circumstances, and
though no breach of privilege was contemplated,
the only effect and influence of such assaults
necessarily must be that of stifling the voice of
free speech and debate within these Halls; for
who can doubt, with this simple provision hon-
ored, observed, preserved intact, we have a bul-
wark which will successfully shield us both in
time of peril from without, and of danger from
within—whilst its subversion will prove but the
precursor to tumult and disorder without end ?
Justice Story, in the quotation already several
times referred to, speaks of it as "the great
and vital privilege," and again as " the freedom
■of speech and debate, without which all other privi-
leges would be comparatively unimportant or ineffect-
ual." And yet gentlemen affect to treat it upon
this floor as of no importance, of none effect, and
would fritter it away by their constructions until
it shall have no vitality about it. Is th^re no
danger from the setting aside of this great privi-
lege in view of the fact that its total disregard is
made a passport to popdlar favor, securing the
highest testimonials of approval and sympathy?
It is true that Mr. Brooks, in the letter to which
I have referred, apologizes to the Senate for the
place and circumstances under which the assault
was committed, but not a word of apology for the
violation of this " great and vital privilege." Too
long already have those intrenched in the high
places of power (seemingly at least) encouraged
this throwing aside of all self-restraint—this
abandonment of all respect for law ; it is in this
way that loose rein and renewed impulse from
time to time have been given to that spirit of law-
lessness which has transmitted itself through all
ranks and conditions of society, until the man
who despises law and boldly sets it at defiance,
is he whom both the Government and people de-
light to honor. I affirm here and now, that no
mere sectional or local advantages, nor personal
or political triumphs either, can begin to compen-
sate the loss of the benefits which this simple
provision alone will secure to us and posterity,
if we will but prove true to its teachings. And
