IS56.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
 -r
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
JSaval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell, of Tennessee.
Senate.
I would, in this connection, wholly disapprove
rihi discountenance any efforts which may have
been or which may hereafter be made to convert
this attack upon constitutional and private right,
into an engine for quickening an already too
much inflamed public mind, thereby making it
minister to a morbid, sectional appetite and
fanatical delusion. I am prepared to act in the
right place, in the right manner, and at the right
time, with becoming mildness and moderation I
trust, but with tlve requisite firmness -and impar-
tiality.
Our ears are greeted daily with this charge—
alas! with too much of truth!—that your judicial
tribunals, with all their surroundings, to which
we have been directed by the minority report and
by gentlemen in the course of this debate, as af-
fording all the redress which the case requires,
are not impartial in their application and admin-
istration of the criminal code; bending and accom-
modating themselves to suit the castes of society
and the degrees in an official station. Like the
spider's web, " strong as a hempen chord around
the wing of a poor fly, but weak as gossamer to
the golden plumes of the humming bird."
Need I inquire to what practical or beneficent
purpose is your legislation, be it ever so impartial,
unless it be inflexibly executed? It is a fraud upon
society, and a disgrace to the country which toler-
ates it. If there be any deviation known to its
frowns, let them be only the more withering and
more blasting as they are called into exercise upon
those who are highest in authority—who have
less to excuse their delinquencies—and the mal-
influence of whose example reaches further into
society. I am heartily sick—ay, thoroughly dis-
gusted—with both the refinement and ruffianism
of effort, which seeks to link freedom and slavery
as the only practical issues, both in Congress and
before the country, and which would connect them
with the foul ends ofpolitical agitators,partisans,
and demagogues. That which I shall support
here and now, which I meant to support in my
former vote in connection with this matter, was,
and is, the great principle of prerogative—a prin-
ciple which establishes the right, and makes it
the imperative duty, of Congress, to rise up each
in its proper place, and put its heel, with all its
omnipotent strength, upon a growing evil which
threatens the destruction of a great popular right,
founded upon the Constitution.
There being but two remaining propositions
before the House—the one now being voted upon,
declaring "that we have no jurisdiction;' the
other proposing a vote of censure by way of ex-
pulsion—I shall vote for the latter, and keep a
good conscience.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
speech of hon. john bell,
Or TENNESSEE,
Ik the Senate, July 14, 1856.
Hie Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
tinder consideration the bill to amend the act entitled " An
act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, stud: Mr. President,
I feel the force of the argument pressed by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] not only to-day, but upon former occa-
sions, and also by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs]—arguments which address them-
selves to every right-minded and right-hearted
member of the Senate, and I think I may say of
myself that 1 am sure I feel them as much as any
other Senator. There are, however, a few con-
siderations which I propose to offer as a vindica-
tion, not only of my own votes, but of those of
other Senators who have thought it their duty to
vote as I have done on the questions which have
already been decided by the Senate.
I trust that, before the final vote shall be taken
on this bill, some provision will be made that
shall open a wider door to the restoration of those
officers who appear to have had wrong and in-
justice done to them. I desire to ask a question
of my friend from Florida, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.. I understand that,
if the bill which has been proposed by the com-
mittee be passed, the President will still have the
power, without the intervention of any court of
!.inquiry, to nominate, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, restore to the position
! he originally occupied in the Navy, any officer
who, in his judgment, has had injustice done him
by the finding of the naval board. That was my
understanding when the bill was reported by the
committee. 1 understand that the President has
it in his power now, independent of any provi-
sions of the bill as it stands, to restore any offi-
cer on the dropped, retired, or furlough list, to
the active list, Dy and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. Am I right or wrong?
Mr. MALLORY. That is a question of law.
I have no doubt the President may nominate any
dropped officer to the Senate for an appointment
in the Navy.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable
Senator is chairman of the committee on Naval
Affairs, and, I admit, understands this whole
question much better than I do. He has given
more time and attention to the consideration of
this bill and the whole subject than I have done.
He has been long a leading and active member of
the Naval Committee; and from having had his
attention drawn to naval affairs for a long period,
he is far better informed upon all questions con-
nected with the subject than I can pretend to be,
and I have great respect for any opinion he may
: form on any point; but I think there can be no
) qustion as to the power of the President to re-
store to the active list any officers who have been
dropped, or who are now on the reserved or fur-
lough list, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The Senator from Georgia signifies
his dissent from this proposition. If he is right
, I am under a total misconception as regards his
I power in this respect.
j Mr. TOOMBS. Under the existing law the
vacancy created by the retirement is filled, and
j there is no office for the President to nominate
! these men to.
! Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I perceive that the
honorable Senator's opinion is founded on'a dif-
ferent ground fro.mwhatl had supposed. If there
were vacancies on the active list, the honorable
Senator from Georgia will not deny to the Presi-
dent and Senate the power to fill them from the
classes of retired and dropped officers.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly not.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is the point,
j The impediment presented by this bill is, that
j there maynotbea sufficient number of vacancies.
Vacancies are provided by this bill, to which the
I President may appoint such dropped or retired
j officers as he may think should De restored. I
| ask my friend from Florida how many vacancies
I have occurred since the sanction given by the
| President to the proceedings of the naval board?
| Mr. MALLORY. I have no knowledge pre-
] cisely; but my impression is about thirty.
I Mr. TOOMBS. In what grades ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will come to his
i question presently, if the Senator from Georgia
■ will be a little patient. I say, then, the President
'has the power now to do a great act of justice to
i some of the officers who have been wronged by
| the findings of the naval board. I believe there are
| many such cases, though I will not say that such
; wrong was done willfully by the board. If any
; honorable and gallant officer of the Navy has been
; dropped , I think his case should be the first to
i be considered; and can we suppose that the Pres-
1 ident is so destitute of all the generous and just
; sentiments, which have been expressed so feel-
! ingly and eloquently by the Senator from Ken-
j tucky, and who has expressed them on former
occasions even more feelingly and eloquently than
i he has to-day, that he will fail to exercise his
| power in such a case? Are we to suppose that the
j President will be so callous and insensible to the
j claims and feelings of honorable, deserving, and
fallant officers who have been thus disposed of
y the board, no matter from what motive? I do
. not care to inquire into the motives or the grounds
upon which the board proceeded. I ask, will not
the President be powerfully stimulated, not only
by his own feelings, but by public sentiment, to
do justice to this class as w:ell as to the class of
retired officers whom he may believe to have
been improperly deprived of their position on the
active list? No man is fit to occupy the position
of President who could fail to respond by his
action to these sentiments. I have no doubt that
the President is well satisfied, at this moment,
that there are many cases which call for his inter-
vention. I differ with many of my frieiWs who
j support this bill, in regard to a number of cases
j in which injustice has been done by the proceed-
! ings of the naval board.
Again, sir, I doubt not that there are many
officers, gallant, skillful, honorable members of
their profession, who have been put on the retired
or furlough list, who are entitled to bear an equal
rank on*the active list of the Navy with many
i officers of the same grade, who are retained on
1 that list. In my opinion, considering how the
board was constituted, I would say that every
j officer in regard to whom the board hesitated—
whose case was laid over for consideration—should
! be restored to the active list. To doubt, ought
' to have been equivalent to a decision in favor of
retaining. In all such cases ought not the Presi-
1 dent to restore the officers to their original posi-
tion without subjecting them to the inquisition of
a court of inquiry? Ought an officer, in such a
case, to be subjected to the mortification of having
to undergo the ordeal of a court of inquiry, in-
stead of standing upon his acknowledged char-
acter? I perceive that my friend from Florida
concurs with me in this sentiment. So I think he
ought; and, therefore, I made the inquiry whether
the President, independently of any new provis-
1 ion by law, has not the discretion to do justice
J in such cases, without imposing upon officers the
: necessity of asking for a court of inquiry ? If the
' President has this power, the bill is relieved from
many objections which have been taken to it on
plausible grounds.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to say to my
friend from Tennessee, that I hold the President
) has the power of sending in any nominations he
: pleases to the Senate;and I believe the President
■ will, the moment this bill is passed, and he has
1 the opportunity, send in the nominations,
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call the Senator from Florida
to order. That is not the way to pass bills in
the Senate. It is an outrage on this body to
speak of the Executive in that manner.
Mr. MALLORY. I call the gentleman from
Georgia to order. He is putting words in my
mouth which I did not use. 1 have no authority
to speak for any one but myself. I gave the
opinion, because I investigated the cases of certain
gentlemen.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand how these things
are done.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think my friends
from Kentucky and Georgia have taken exception
rather prematurely. I wanted an expression
I from the honorable gentleman from Florida.
: Mr. MALLORY. And I answered.
! Mr. CRITTENDEN. But we do not want
; to be told what the President will do.
| Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But, sir, I believe
I he will do as has been stated. I infer it a priori
j from his heart. I have honestly the opinion that
! such is the disposition of the President of the
United States. I do not agree with him in his
sentiments and course in the discharge of the
duties of the Executive in many respects; but on
such a question as this I would trust him as soon
as any man. My only fear would be, that hia
generous feelings would prompt him to go too far
in some of the cases which may be presented to
his notice. I have the utmost confidence in him
on this question. What motive could he have to
do otherwise than what is right and just? Itmay
be supposed by honorable Senators, that vindic-
tive and revengeful feeling may be felt towards
those officers who have complained in harsh terms
of the proceedings of the naval board; but I be-
lieve they have never complained in such terms
of the President; and if they had, I should feel
confident that he would still do them justice. I
have some fears, from what I have seen and
heard, that feelings of resentment and vindictive-
ness may exist, on the part of certain officers
connected with the proceedings of the board,
which may seek their gratification by represent-
ations calculated to exclude certain retired officers
from any liberal construction of their claims by
