appendix to thk congressional globe.
[July 14,
34th Cong....I«t Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell, of Tennessee.
Senate.
the President; but my confidence is in him. I
believe he will allow no suggestions of private
malice or revenge to control his conduct.
Sir, 1 have equal confidence in the Secretary
of th^Navy, so far as he may be supposed to
have anv influence with the President as to the
course which he may adopt in relation to such
officers of the Navy as have been degraded from
their rank by the proceedings of the naval board.
Wherever wrong and injustice have been done,l
should not hesitate in leaving the whole subject
in his hands.
I was opposed to the amendment of tlft Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] because [ thought
he was mistaken as to the condition in which the
officers who have been promoted and commis-
sioned under the act of 1855, and whose nomin-
ations are now before the Senate, will be left, if
we do not act upon their nominations, and dispose
of them at the present session. If we fail to con-
sider them, or if we should reject them, as the
Senator from Florida well said, there will be a
very grave question as to the position which they
will occupy—whether they will continue to be
officers of the Navy of any grade. The question
will be presented, whether an officer of the Army
or Navy, who is promoted from an inferior rank
to a higher one, which he accepts, can he, upon
the rejection of his nomination by the Senate,
fall back upon his former office, without a new
appointment? As to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that they may receive acting
commissions of the grade they now enjoy, I take
it that, by no construction you can give to the
Constitution, could the President be authorized
to give them an acting commission after the ad-
journment of Congress. Their commissions will
then expire, and they cannot be renewed during
the recess. Many of these officers are on duty
on foreign stations, holding rank under their new
commissions. In what condition would they
be left, should their nominations lie over ? I
admit that, if we could trace to the management
and intrigues of those officers who have been
promoted, the provisions of the act of 1855, and
those findings of the naval board which resulted
in their own advancement,-as has been charged
against some of them, there would be no sym-
pathy left for them here or anywhere else, if they
should find themselves degraded from the rank
they now hold, by the refusal of the Senate to
confirm their nominations.
There are many honorable and gallant officers
of the Navy, who have been promoted under
the act of 1855, who have never been charged
with any participation in the measures which
have resulted in the present state of things.
These officers have had a right to suppose that
they at least would not be held responsible for
the errors of the naval board, and subjscted to
the mortification of having to doflf their present
honors, some of them in foreign ports. But,
whether at home or abroad, these officers would
necessarily feel humiliated and unjustly treated
by their country, if they should be degraded
from a rank which had been conferred without
solicitation or contrivance on their part, but
which tljey felt conscious of deserving by their
past services.
Besides, who is ready to pronounce, with confi-
dence, that those officers would not be out of the
service if their nominations should not be con-
firmed by the Senate? I admit, sir, that to do
justice to those meritorious officers who .have
been dropped or retired by the naval board
without sufficient cause, should claim our first
and most earnest attention; but cannot this be
done without inflicting any wound upon the feel-
ings of the promoted officers ? The great object
is to secure the efficiency of the Navy, and to do
this we must look to the consequences of the in-
dignity we may offer to those deserving officers
who have been promoted under the act of 1855,
as well as to the consequences of the wrong done
to others by the proceedings of the board, if we
should fail to redress those wrongs.
And now I wish to bring home to my friends
from Kentucky and Georgia the consideration of
the question, whether, if we shall open the door
wide enough by the present bill for the restora-
tion of all the officers who may have been dropped
or retired upon inadequate grounds, we may not
rely upon the justice and Found discretion of the j
President and Secretary of the Navy in carrying '
out our generous intentions? * j
Mr. 1'OOMBS. 1 can tell the Senator one !
thing. I know both those gentlemen. They have
passed upon this atrocity. I would not trust
either of them on this question one inch. I have j
general confidence in both of them; but they have |
passed judgment, and I would not trust either of j
them oil this question.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. I think my friend J
from Georgia is a little prejudiced in this matter;
[ think he has suffered himself to be too much
excited. I admit that it is a question calculated
to excite the feelings and sensibilities of honora-
ble men; but great allowance should be made for
the circumstances under which the President and
Secretary of the Navy confirmed the recommend-
ations or findings of the board. I have no au-
thority for speaking for them; I do not claim to
be in their confidence; but I have no idea that
they supposed or believed that no errors had
been committed by the board. I can well under-
stand, however, that, from the nature of the pro-
ceedings authorized by the law, they had no
means of discovering errors but from the report
of those who were appointed to make the neces-
sary examination into the qualifications of offi-
cers. The President and Secretary had to act
upon the report as it was made to them—to ap-
Erove or disapprove. That view of the case has
een earnestly pressed by the Senator from
Georgia himself.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to say, that I would
trust no man, in the Senate or out of it, who
would condemn any one on such judgments as
these.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. To reply to that
remark, and to show the injustice of the senti-
ment, would lead me into a course of argument I
did not propose to pursue. I think there is a
radical error in one of the positions which have
been taken by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, and some other Senators who have presented
the same views. The proceedings and judgments,
if you please, of-the. naval boaTd, are not like the
proceedings or judgments of the judicial tribu-
nals of the country, in which the rights of prop-
erty are decided and criminal offenses punished.
The rights or interests which were liable to be
affected by the naval board, do not, in legal con-
templation, so partake of the nature of prop-
erty as a fellowship in a college. This board
was composed of the peers, or brother officers, of
those who might in any degree be affected by its
proceedings. It was clothed with no power to de-
cide anything; it could inflict no punishment. All
it was authorized to do, was to advise and counsel
the appointing and removing power. The ad-
vice given was of no binding force; and whether
it was given in good faith or not—or whether it
was given after full investigation, or upon no in-
vestigation at all, in any form, beyond an inter-
change of information and opinion among the
membsrs, it cannot be said to be absolutely void,
upon the grounds so eloquently urged by the
Senatorsfrom Kentucky and Georgia, and others.
Tltere is no such analogy between the proceed-
ings of this board, and judicial determinations
upon the rights of property, life, or liberty, as to
require, in the one case, as well as in the other,
the privilege of a hearing and of a trial conducted
with all the forms and observances which the
law provides for the safety of those rights. The
advice or the recommendations of the board, then,
cannot, in any legal sense, be said to be a nul-
lity; much less can it be maintained that the ac-
tion of the President, in following the advice or
recommendations of the board, is void, and of no
binding force.
But, sir, it is said that there is something more
precious than property—something of far higher
value than professional rank or privileges, in-
volved in the proceedings of the late naval board,
and in the sanction given to them by the Pres-
ident. I admit the full force and truth of this
suggestion. An honorable and gallant officer of
the Navy will justly ragard all other wrongs as
light, in comparison with the injustice done to
his character; and in this he will have the sym-
pathy and concurrence of every generous mind.
The whole country will unite in demanding that
every officer whose character, or whose rights,
or privileges in any respect, have been unjustly
invaded by the proceedings under the act of 1855,
shall be redressed. In the mean time, though
the character of honorable officers may, for a
brief tune, be under a cloud, it will, in the end,
shine the brighter, from the scrutiny to which it
will be subjected. Happily, in any country where
the press i3 free, where speech is free, no man, in
any branch of the public service, can be perma-
nently affected in his good name and standing,
by the tyrannical or arbitrary proceedings of anv
tribunal; by any conspiracy or combination to
fix a stigma upon it.
The property which a man has in his reputa-
tion, unlike property of another description, can-
not be wrested from him by the decrees of arbi-
trary power. The judicial tribunals of the
country, in the last resort in which the rights of
property are litigated, may pronounce an errone-
ous or unjust judgment, by which I am divested
of my land or other estate. There is no redress
for that; my property is gone forever. But not
so my character—I can appeal to the tribunal of
the public to redress a wrong done to that.
But, it is said, make whatever provision we
may for the restoration to their former rank and
position of those officers who may have had
injustice done them by the naval board, it will be
of no avail, if anything is left to the discretion of
the President. That high functionary has been
vehemently assailed and censured for having
given effect to the proceedings and recommenda-
tions of the naval board; but I think upon no
sufficient grounds. The members of that board
were, by the law under which they acted, made
the official advisers of the President, and he could
not properly have disregarded their advice, with-
out the most cogent reasons. "Where could he
have gone for more reliable information and advice
as to the efficiency or inefficiency of the officers
of the Navy generally, than to fifteen of their
number, selected from the different grades, and
all having the highest character for honor and
intelligence? To have disregarded their recom-
mendation would have been a virtual disapproval
and defeat of the object of the law; and his having
adopted them does not impair my confidence in
his disposition to repair to the fullest extent, so
far as depends upon nis discretion, all the injustice
which has resulted from his official action upon
the subject.
Justice requires the admission that those who
voted for the law of 1855, in which all the wrongs
and injustice complained of had their origin,
must bear a full measure of the responsibility
and censure incurred in the execution of it It
is Congress that is most deeply implicated in
the wrongs and injuries which have fallen upon
honorable and gallant officers, by the findings
of the late naval board, and the President's ap-
proval of them. I acknowledge my responsibility
as one of the supporters of that act of 1855. It
is true that I was not a leading adviser of that
measure. I had no such knowledge of the con-
dition of that branch of the public service, as to
justify me in assuming such a relation to the
measure; but relying upon the judgment of others
who, I knew, had given the subject a careful ex-
amination, and among them my friend from
Florida, I gave it my support; and I am now
determined, so far my humble influence ex-
tends, to see that no wrong done in carrying
out its provisions shall go unredressed.
Mr. President, 1 do not wish to detain the
Senate at this late hour of the day, but I must ask
its indulgence a few moments longer. When I
was diverted from the course of argument I had
intended to pursue, by the Senator from Georgia,
I was about to propound some inquiries to that
Senator, to the Senator from Kentucky, and
others, who have been most decidcd in their
denunciation of the proceedings of the naval
board, and at the same time the most eloquent
champions of the injured officers, which, I hope,
will attract their attention, after all the stirring
appeals which have been made in behalf of the
sufferers and victims of this attempted reform of
the Navy. The greatest impediment which ap-
pears to exist to their restoration, and the doing
of that full justice which I am sure all desire to
accomplish, is a money item.
