960
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 29,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Modern Democracy—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. op Reps.
slavery extension, which is now presented to the
American people for their decision, and to ex-
amine some of the new and, as it seems to me,
alarming phases, which the party, calling itself
" Democratic," lias recently assumed on this
subject. i
For the first time in the history of this Gov- 1
eminent, the issue is fairly made up between the
power of slavery on the one hand, and the .
principles of liberty on the other. One or the j
other mast yield. Nor do 1 regret that the issue i
has come. From the alarming strides which the !
slave power has made—from the vaunting pre- i
tensions it has put forth, it is but too apparent,
that this question has got some time to be met •
and settled. It may as well be done now, in the
coming campaign, as ever. The longer it is
postponed, the more difficult its solution becomes, i
the more slavery is strengthened, and the less ,
qualified will the people of the free States find ;
themselves to grapple with a power that is under- 1
mining the foundations of liberty and the Con-
stitution. The " Democracy" have flung their
shivery standard to the breeze, and proclaimed
that the presidential battle is to be fought on the
policy of the Nebraska bill, and the new doctrine
of the "equality of the States"—which means •
ximply, as i shall endeavor to show, the right of
slave-owners to go where they please with their
human chattels, carrying with them the sanction
and protection of law. For one, i am ready to
meet them on this issue, and fight the battle on
their chosen ground. I believe the people of the
free States, driven to the wall as they have been,
are at last aroused, and ready to accept the issue
thus tendered.
To adopt the language of the Union news-
paper, a day or two since, I, too, say, " Let it
come, and let it come now!"
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, (interrupting.)
The gentleman says, if I understand him cor-
rectly, that the Democracy of this Government
has inaugurated a new doctrine—the equality of
States. I desire, in the first place, to ask the
gentleman whether or not, at the time of the
foundation of the Federal Constitution, each State
did come into the Union as equal?
Mr. TAPPAN. I think 1 shall answer that
question as I go along.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, I desire to ask another
question. The gentleman states, that the great
issues now, not only within the limits of the
United States, but the great issues to be presented
to the enlightened world, were, whether or not
the institution of slavery was to be maintained in
this Government, or whether the arm of the Gov-
ernment was to be leveled against the institution
of slavery.
Mr. TAPPAN. No; I stated the issue to be
whether slavery should be extended into territory
new free. That is the great question. i
Mr. WRIGHT. Whetheritshall be extended?
Mr. TAPPAN. Yes; but I do not like to be
interrupted unless it be absolutely necessary. |
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, but I wanted to understand him.
Mr. TAPPAN. It is quite time that the free 1
people of this country understood whether the
policy of this Government is to be that of uphold-
ing, strengthening, and extending, a system con-
demned by the entire civilized world, or whether 1
it is to return to the earlier and better policy of '
the fathers of the Republic—whether the original
idea of Liberty, which animated its founders, is '
to be carried out, or whether th'e slave oligarchy
is forever to rule and control the destinies of this
nation. It is full time that it were ascertained ;
whether the experiment of a Republic, founded j
in the hopes and prayers, and sealed with the 1
blood of wise and good men—having its early
inception in the principles of human freedom, and
in the equal rights of all man, is to continue a
beacon tor the guidance of other nations, strug-
gling to be free ; or whether the luster of its
example is to be dimmed by presenting to the
world a government controlled by the single idea '
of finding " room" for a system which converts
men and women into property, and separates
children from their parents at the auction block ! !
I repeat it, sir, let the issue be fairly met. The j
course which every true lover of his country should
lake in such a erisis, ought not to be a matter of
hesitation vnor, in my judgement, can the result
be doubtful; for, I believe, with Mr. Jefferson,
that the " Almighty has no attribute which can
take sides with slavery in such a contest!" As
little do I apprehend any of those direful conse-
quences to the Union so flippantly predicted by a
certain class of politicians, when the policy which
we of the free States contend for shall ultimately
triumph. Sir, the people of the free States do not
seek to invade or trench upon any of the reserved
rights of the South, or to interfere with the insti-
tution of slavery any further than is warranted by
the Constitution. On the Constitution we take our
stand; and believing that under that instrument
we have the power and the right to prevent its
further spread and extension, we intend, by all
lawful and proper means, to bring about that re-
sult. The constitutional right to prohibit slavery
in the Territories has been exercised too long—
sanctioned as it has been by a long course of
practice under every Administration of the Gov-
ernment from Washington to Polk—to now be
questioned. Therefore, when we assert our in-
tention to adhere to this time-honored policy,
and say to slavery, " thus far, but no further,"
we intend neither to dissolve the Union ourselves,
nor suffer it to be dissolved by others.
Sir, what is the history of slavery prohibition
in the Territories ? I can barely glance at its rise
and progress, as I pass on to other matters. Mr.
Jefferson himself is the author of this legislation.
And if the doctrine we now contend for be trea-
son, then was Mr. Jefferson a traitor! On the
1st day of March, 1784, a committee, consisting
of Mr. Jefferson, of Virginia, Mr. Chase, of
Maryland, and Mr. Howell, of P .hode Island,
submitted to Congress a plan for the government
of "the territory ceded, or to be ceded, by indi-
vidual States to the United States," embracing all
the territory between the thirty-first degree of north
latitude, which toas then the southern boundary of the
United States, and the northern line of the United
States, extending westvoardly to the Mississippi river.
This plan provided, among other things, that said
territory should be divided into nine States, des-
ignating them by name, and defining the partic-
ular boundaries of each. It also contained the
following provision, which has been the basis
of all the subsequent anti-slavery legislation in
regard to the Territories:
" That after the year 1803 of the Christian era, there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in any of the
said States, otherwise limn in the punishment (if crimes,
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted to have
been personally guilty."
On a motion to strike out this provision, six-
teen, among whom was Mr. Jefferson, voted
to retain it; and seven voted against it. It lacked
one vote of the requisite number—the full vote
of seven States being required to retain it. Three
years later, however, it was incorporated into the
i celebrated ordinance of 1787, wfych applied to
i the Territories northwest of the Ohio. It is a.
remarkable fact, Mr. Chairman, as will be seen
! by a glance at the map, that if the far-seeing and
I sagacious policy of Mr. Jefferson, contained
; in this provision, had prevailed in 1784, under
its operation the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Tennessee, and Kentucky, would now have been free
States! That the policy thus initiated would
have been advantagous to the States just named,
a comparison between the thrift, enterprise, and
: prosperity of those States, and the great, free
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, formed out
of the Northwest Territory under the anti-slavery
ordinance of 1787, will' conclusively establish.
That it would have been better for the destiny of
I the Republic, let the fierce struggle between the
: antagonist principles of liberty and slavery,
, which now convulses the country, bear witness
Mr. Chairman, the Fremont party, to-day,
; are "only contending for the application of the
same principle to Kansas, which Mr. Jefferson
proposed for all the Territories in the United States,
: in 1784!
That Mr. Jefferson retained his anti-slavery
. sentiments down to the period of his death, is ap-
' parent from a letter which he wrote a short time
previous to that event, to James Heaton, of Ohio,
in reply to one from that gentleman, making in-
i quiries as to his views on the subject of slavery.
1 The letter bears date May 20, 1826, and Mr. Jef-
ferson died on the 4th of July of th« same year.
The original letter, in the handwriting of Mr.
Jefferson, is now in the possession of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell]. It will be seen
from the letter, a copy of which is subjoined, that
Mr. Jefferson refers to his opinions dating as far
back as this plan of 1784:
Monticello, May 90,182&.
Dear Sir : Persuasion, perseverance, and patience, are
the best advocates on questions depending upon the will
of others. The revolution in public opinion, which this
case requires, is not to be expected in a day, or perhaps in
! | an age; but time, which outlives all tilings, will outlive thti
j I evil also. My sentiments have be en forty years before the
][ public. HadI repeated them forty times,'they would have
I only become the more stale and threadbare. Mttwugh I shall
1 • not live to see thetn consummated, they will not die with me ;
' bttf living or dying, they wilt ever be in my most fervent
■prayers. This is written for yourself, arid not for the
public, in compliance with your request lor two lines of
sentiment on the subject.
Accept the assurance of my good will and respect,
THOS. JEFFERSON.
But to return to the history of this legislation.
On the 13th. of July, 1787, Congress passed
the celebrated ordinance of '87, containing, as
we have seen, substantially the same provision.
This ordinance passed almost unanimously—re-
ceiving the vote of all the members of every southern
State represented in that Congress, as it did the
j vote of every free State member, with but one
I! exception from the State of New York.
I j The very first Congress under the Constitution,
i in the year 1789, recognized and confirmed this
1 ordinance of 1787. This doctrine, as I have said,
has been sanctioned and approved by every Presi-
dent from Washington down to the administra-
! tion of Franklin Pierce, under whose disastrous
: reign a new and false light seems suddenly to have
burst upon the country.
The act of 1789 was approved by Washington.
In the year 1800, Congress established a territo-
rial government over the Territory of Indiana,
which was approved by John Adams. In 1805,
over the -Territory of Michigan; in 1809, over the
Territory of Illinois—both approved by Thomas
Jefferson. In 1834, the jurisdiction of Michigan
was extended over Wisconsin and Iowa, and the
act was approved by Andrew Jackson. In 1836,
a territorial government was established over
Wisconsin, and, in 1838, over the Territory of
Iowa, both approved by President Van Buren.
In 1848, over the Territory of Oregon, approved
by James K. Polk, Mr. Buchanan himself being
a member of his Cabinet; and in March, 1853,
over the Territory of Washington, approved by
Millard Fillmore. In all the aDove acts the anti-
! slavery provision of the ordinance of '87 was
i incorporated, and slavery expressly prohibited.
! There are many other acts where this prohibi-
tion is recognized, but I need not multiply proofs.
Such is the origin and in part the history of sla-s
very prohibition in the Territories. It has been
sanctioned by innumerable acts of the national
, Legislature, and recognized by many judicial
! decisions. Sir, it is too late to deny its consti-
' tutionality, and too late, in view of the blessings
which have followed its application to the great
and glorious States of the Northwest, to doubt its
expediency. And yet, because the people of the
1 free States propose now to stand by this revered
1 and time-honored doctrine—going no furtherthan
1 every Democratic Administration has gone—be-
cause they are fully determined that the slave
power shall take nothing by the wanton and ruth-
less repeal of the Missouri restriction, by which
this old and well-settled policy of the Govern-
ment was broken down and abrogated, we are
denounced as "traitors," "Black Republicans,"
and enemies to the Union ! Sir, standing before
the country and the world on such an issue, we
stand strong. We can well afford to let our op-
ponents abuse us with opprobrious epithets, and
throw out threats to dissolve the Union! But
these threats have been made once too often.
They have lost their power. Let any portion of
the Confederacy attempt a dissolution of the
Union for reasons such as these, and its- only
effect would be to cover its authors with shame
and confusion, and to overwhelm them with the
contempt of the civilized world! No: our posi-
tion is constitutional—it has the sanction of long
precedent—it is impregnable ! And with
" Hearts within, and God o'erhead,"
we move onward to a certain triumph.
Sir, this Government, instead of following on
