1856.]
appenpix to the congressional globe.
951
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Modern Democracy—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. of Reps.
in the path of liberty prescribed by its founders,
is completely controlled by the slave power; and |
this, too, under the guise, and in the hallowed
name, of " Democracy!" At the commencement,
a little cloud, scarcely bigger than a man's hand,
deplored by all the great men of our early history
as an evil only to l>e tolerated for a brief time,
until measures could be taken for its extinction—
acknowledged as a crime against humanity—sla-
very, to-day, has grown to such dimensions as to
become the supren^jjower in the State, and con-
tends for the mastery over the very principles
which called this Government into being! And
the question to-day is, not whether slavery shall
some time be abolished; but whether there is to
be any such thing as freedom in any portion of
our country? The inquiry has been repeatedly
made by southern gentlemen, during the present
session of Congress, as to what is meant by the
" slave power? as though it was something that
existed merely in the distempered imaginations
of northern men. Sir, I will attempt to answer
this question, and. show what I understand by the
"slave power."
And in the first place, let me say, that 1 do not
mean the southern States, as States; nor the en-
tire people of the South. I know that gentlemen
are in the habit, when speaking upon this ques-
tion, to talk about the " South," and what the
"South" will, or will not, do in certain contin-
gencies. I know, too, the power which the slave-
owners exercise over public opinion in the
southern States; but I question the right of those
who represent slavery merely, to speak for the
entire people of the South; for I am well aware
that there are vast numbers of people in the
southern portion of the Union—moderate, con-
servative, and influential men—who have no
sympathy with the ultra schemes of the slavery
propaganda. But this class of men, slaveholders
though some of them may be, have no weight
now in the South. They are completely overborne
by the governing class ^here. The despotism
exercised over all those who doubt the divinity
of slavery, and. over the entire portion of non-
slaveholding whites in that section, is as complete
as that of the master over his slave! If sucn an
one goes into a northern State even, and openly
avows opinions hostile to slavery, so soon as this
becomes known at home, he is a marked, if not a
doomed, man, and, in many instances, is obliged
to quit the State of his birth, and seek a home
elsewhere. It needs but a change of the Admin-
istration from the hands of the slave-Democracy
to those of one less "sectional"—having an eye
to the welfare of the whole Union, instead of the
advancement of the interests of a. favored, class, to
call into action the latent conservative public sen-
timentof the southern States. When this is done,
it will be found that the North and the South are
not as wide apart as many people now imagine.
But, sir, by the "slave power," I mean the
power wielded by three hundred and forty-seven
thousand slave-owners representing a moneyed
interest, amounting, according to the estimate of
the honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Shorter,] in a recent speech on this floor, to two
thousand millions of dollars! Mr. Clay, some years
ago, estimated the value of property in slaves at
$1,200,000,000; and I suppose that the estimate
of the gentleman from Alabama cannot, at the
present time, be very far from correct. In ascer-
taining the number of slave-owners, however,
who constitute the "slave power," large deduc-
tions should be made from the whole number set
down in the last census as owning property of
this description. The actual number of slave-
owners, as shown by the census, is three hundred
and forty-seven thousand five hundred and twenty-
five. Of these, sixty-eight thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty own but a single slave; and one
hundred and five tliousancfsix hundred and eighty-
three own less than five. Of these is included,
also, all those who hire slaves; and it is safe to
assert that those who own, as house serrants
and other dopiestics, no more than five slaves,
have no particular interest in the perpetuation of
the' system. Deduction should also be made for
slaves owned by women and minors; so that the
entire slave oligarchy at die South, on the most
liberal calculation, cannot exceed the number of,
t-bout two hundred thousand! and yet, as I shall i
427,513
162,1?9
37,941
71,169
47,203
521,592
761,413
355,491
417,943
394,718
692,006
553,028
274,563
756,836
154.634
894,800
show, this comparatively insignificant number of '
men completely rule ana govern twenty millions i
of people. The following table, prepared from
the census returns, showing the number of slave-
holders, and the whole amount of white popula-
tion in each of the southern States, will exhibit
the proportion between the two classes:
States. Slaveholder* White
in each. population,
Alabama...,  29,295
Arkansas  5,999
District of Columbia  1,477
Delaware   809
Florida  3,520
Georgia  38,456
Kentucky....,  38,385
Louisiana  20,670
Maryland  16,040
Mississippi  23,116
Missouri  19,189
North Carolina  28,303
South Carolina    25,596
Tennessee  23,864
Texas  7,747
Virginia  55,063
Total 347,525
6,222,318
From this it will be seen that there is not a
slaveholding State in the Union in which the
slaveholders constitute one tenth part of the aggre-
gate free white population, and in some of them
not one thirtieth part! And yet, in everyone of
these States the slaveholders wield the whole
political power; set up, and pull down, whom-
soever they please; make just such laws as their
"peculiar interests require; and hold the great
body of non-slaveholding whites in complete sub-
serviency to their despotic rule! Ay, sir, they
not only reign supreme at home, but they dictate
the entire policy of the Union !
We halve a great deal to say in this country
against "aristocracy;" and grow very patriotic
over the fact that we have no " privileged classes"
here; but where, on the face of the earth, is there
an " aristocracy" so exclusive as the " aristoc-
racy" of slavery?—where a " privileged class"
that arrogates so much superiority over other
men ?—where a class that wields so much power,
both social and political, as the black power of
the United States ?
Mr. Chairman, the power wielded by large
combinations of capital is well known. We
know how justly jealous are the people of this
country of such combinations. No interest has
been subjected to greater scrutiny, or regarded
with a more watchful eye by the people, than
corporations having for their object, by means of
associated wealth, the carrying out of any great
purpose whatsoever. This jealousy is a natural
one, for all such combinations are liable to gross
abuses. There is nothing that great wealth catl-
not accomplish; and there is no political party so
strong, ana no interest so potent, as to withstand
the persistent and combined influence of the money
power. It was justly complained of the old Uni-
ted States Bank that it exerted a corrupt influence
in the elections. It was said that it used its large
means to retain in its interest many of the influ-
ential men of the country, and that there could
be no fair expression of the public will where
its influence was brought to bear. The whole
power of-the Democratic party, under the lead of
General Jackson, was arrayed against it. The
land resounded with the blows inflicted upon die
" monster," and it fell! In some localities, even
at this day, the ghost of the old United States
Bank is still used to frighten men from their
political propriety ! But what, let me inquire,
is the influence of such a corporation, with a
capital of a few millions of dollars, watched by
the jealous eyes of the people, and amenable to
the laws, compared to the almost almighty influ-
ence of an institution whose advocates are held
together by common ties, actuated by a common
purpose, intent upon a common object, to wit:
its perpetuation and extension, with a capital of
two thousand millions of dollars? Such is "slave
power." It is a unit. On all questions touching
slavery, men of all parties who represent this in-
terest act together. All political differences yield
when this interest is touched. Against such a
combination, based upon such a vast amount of
aggregated wealth, no power, save a similar union
of the entire free-State interest, can oppose any I
barrier to its onward progress! And why is it!
not equally lawful and proper for the people who
prefer free institutions to unite—not for the pur-
pose, I repeat, of encroaching upon any of the
rights of the slave States, but to preserve their
own?—not to abolish slavery wnere it exists
under the sanction of State law, but to prevent
those great principles of liberty which had their
birth in the American Revolution,from being en-
tirely "crushed out and subdued" in the very
heart of the North ?—not to subvert the Union
and the Constitution, but to preserve the Terri-
tories of the nation, yet unmoistened by the
sweat of the slave, to the free labor of the coun-
try, which constitutes the greatest element of its
prosperity, its strength, and its future glory ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, where stands the so-
called " Democratic" party in reference to this
great question ? It is leagued with the slave power
against the interests of freedom. Time has been
when the word " Democracy" meant something.
The Democratic party came into existence the
sworn foe of all monopolies, and of all systems
that looked to the aggrandizement of one class at
the expense of another. It took the side of the,
people as agairtst the power of capital. Its pecu-
liar boast was that it went for the rights of man,
rather than of money. But to -day it is the cham-
pion of the worst monopoly that ever cursed the
earth, and the ally of a system that tramples upon
the rights of human nature, and crushes and
degrades the free labor of the land. Guided by the
counselsof men who were not long ago its bitterest
enemies, renegades from the ranks of its life-long
opponent, and shorn of its strength by the un-
natural alliance—its old leaders, at whose bugle-
blast it was wont to march forth to victory, either
silent, or openly arrayed against it,—the Dem-
ocratic organization is to-day but a machine to
register the behests of the slave power! Although
slavery is the very antipodes of true Democracy,
it yet projects itself upon the Democratic organi-
zation, and by virtue of the prestige of its once
honored name, it has gone forth from conquering
to conquer. Northern men, leaders in the ranks
of the " Democracy," for the sake of the spoils
of office, are found servile enough to prostitute
its principles, and bring reproach upon the Dem-
ocratic name,by lending themselves willing tools
to all the purposes of the slave propaganda! It
is by the aid of such men, that the interests of
freedom are betrayed and stricken down.
Sir, for thus seeking to strengthen and sustain
their "peculiar institution," there is, perhaps,
for the southern slaveholders, something to be
said by way of extenuation. As compared with
their northern allies and tools in the art of cove-
nant breaking, we can even look with some de-
gree of complacency upon the flagrant breach of
plighted faith which has wrested from the free
States the, territory set apart to them. Born,
reared, and educated, in the midst of slavery—
seeing, as they do, that it stamps into the very
soil wherever it is planted the seeds of decay ana
death, it is, perhaps, to be expected that they
should covet new fields for its operations. But,
for'the treachery of northern "Democrats"—men
reared among the hills and mountains of the free
North, who,
" Where thrift mayfollow fawning,"
are pandering to the power that would perpetuate
this foul blot upon our country's fame, and extend
its curse over the virgin fields of Kansas, even at
the expense of drenching her plains in the blood
of her free-State settlers—no words of condemna-
tion are too severe, and no language is sufficiently
strong, to properly characterize the act! And it
is the northern " Democracy" who are relied
upon, in the coming election, to settle forever the
principle that the institutions of slavery have
the same rights in our national Territories • as
those of freedom ! The Charleston (S. C.) Mer-
cury has well presented the issue now before the
country. In a recent number of that paper, it
says:
" The ensuing presidential canvass, which will probably
determine the tale of the Union, will turn almost solely oil
the question of State equality. None con consistently or
effectively contend for State equality, who do not hold thcA
the institutions of the South, ana the social form of the South,
are etfually rightful, legitimate, moral, and promotive of
human hapjriness and well-being, with those of the Ifortk.
If slave society be inferior in these respects to fVee society,
of the South are wrong and criminal in proposing  
