053
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jufy 14,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Modern Democracy—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. of Reps.
extend it into new territory, am! tlie Nortli right in exert-
ing itself to the nunost to prewnt sucli extension.''
I propose to show, before I close, that the only
plank in the Democratic platform which has any
significance at all, is the one shadowed forth in
the above extract; that, if the so-called Democ-
racy prevail, the doctrine that " the institutions <Jf
the South, and the social forms of the South, are
equally rightful, legitimate, moral, and promotive
of human happiness and well-being with those
of the North," will become forever hereafter the.
settled policy of the nation.
But I desire to present one further extract from
one of the foremost and leading presses in favor
of Mr. Buchanan for the Presidency, to show
■what the real issue before the country now is,
and how that issue is understood at the South.
I quote from a recent article in the Richmond
Enquirer:
" The Thoe Issue.—The Democrats of the South in the
present canvass cannot rely on the old grounds of defense
Pud excuse for slavery; for they seek not merely to retain it
where it is, but to extend it into regions where is unknown.
Much leu can they rely on the mere constitutional guaran-
tees of slavery, for such reliance is pregnant with the ad-
mission that slavery U wrong, anil, hut for the Constitution,
should be abolished. This constitutional argument for
slavery, standing alone, fully justifies the Abolitionists.
" Nor will it avail us aught to show that the negro is most
happy and best situated in the condition of slavery. If we
stop there, we weaken our cause by the very argument in-
tended to advance it; for we propose to introduce into new
territory human beings whom we assert to be unfit for liberty,
self-government, and equal association with other men. \Ve
must go a step further. We must show that African sla-
very is a moral, religious, natural, and probably, in the gen-
eral, a necessary institution of society. Tliis is the onhi line
of argument that will enable southern Democrats to main-
tain the doctrines of State equality and slavery extension.
" For if slavery be not a legitimate, useiul, moral, and
expedient institution, we cannot, without reproof of con-
science and the Iilush of shame, seek to extend it, or assert
our equality with those States bavin? no such institution.
" Northern Democrats need not go thus far. They do
not seek lo extend slavery, but only agree to its extension
as a matter of right on our part.
" We know that we litter bold truths. But the time has
now arrived when their utterance can be 110 longer post-
poned. The true issue should stand out so boldly and
clearly that none may mistake it."
Here we have the doctrine of " State equality,''
a« incorporated in the Democratic platform at
Cincinnati, again defined, and from the same
source that brought forward Mr. Buchanan for
the Presidency. For Virginia was for Buchanan
from the start, as it was for Pierce in 1852. The
slave-power used General Pierce till it made him
so odious that it dare not run him for a second
heat, and so have taken. up a new man, in the
hope of again deceiving the people of the free
States! The issue is boldly presented; for, says
the Enquirer, it is a " moral, religious, natural,
and a necessary institution of society; "and " the
Democrats of the South seek not merely to retain
it where it is, but to extend it into regions where
it is unknown," and " northern Democrats agree
ta its extension as a matter of right on our part!"
That the northern Democrats do so agree is most
true, and I shall present the proof that will put |
the fact beyond dispute. Let the liberty-loving 1
people of the free States meet the issue as boldly ;
as it is presented! With such an issue, how do ;
the "Democracy" propose to carry the next pres-
idential election? Not by presenting to the coun- ,
try a broad national platform, upon which all
sections of the country—North as well as South—
can stand with some show of self-respect, but by
an intensely sectional one, embracing but a single
idea—the equality of slavery. Not by an honest
appeal to all classes in the country to rally to the
ancient Btandard of Democratic faith, but by
uniting, to a man, the privileged class in the
South, (those whose privilege it is to buy and
sell their laborers, and live upon their unpaid
toil,) so as to carry every Southern State; and
then, trusting to official patronage, party discip-
line, and the treachery of northern " doughfaces,"
to make up from the free States the twenty-nine -
votes requisite to give them a majority in the !
electoral college. And yet, with this odious sec- j
tional issue, forced upon the country and made 1
the test of Democratic faith by the slave power, 1
(for, as was said the other evening by the honor-
able gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barks-
dale,] every one who does not conform to this
standard has no claim to be called a " Demo-
«rat,-") to be carried through, if at all, by sec- |
ti&nal appeals—this same "Democratic" party
I has the effrontery to charge the people's party-—
I a party \^hich stands upon the broad, national
| policy adopted by Washington, Jefferson, Mad-
ison, and Franklin — with being a " sectional
i party," and seeking to divide the Union!
] The better to show the alarming strides which
the Democratic party have taken on this slavery
question, I desire to call attention to the position
it has but recently occupied in reference to it, for
the purpose of contrasting it with the platform
upon which it stands to-day. Sir, it is scarcely
six years since the entire Democratic party of
the North stood precisely where we now stand,
and contended for the same doctrine which the
party now denounced by them as "Black Repub-
licans" contend for in the present campaign!
In 1847-'48-'49, and '50 the Democratic party in
the free States stood upon the ground of the Wil-
mot proviso. The prohibition of slavery in the
Territories was then a prominent article in the
Democratic creed. Even Mr. Buchanan at that
time admitted the power of Congress to legislate
upon the subject of slavery in the Territories. In
his letter to Mr. Sanford, dated August 21, 1848,
he says:
" Having urged the adoption of the Missouri compromise,
the inference is irresistible, that Congress, in my opinion,
possesses the power to legislate upon the subject oj slavery in
the Territories.,s
The right to legislate upon the subject at all is
now denied by the party whose platform Mr.
Buchanan claims to be the embodiment.
I shall not attempt, at this time, Mr. Chairman,
to quote from Democratic resolutions passed in
nearly or quite all the northern States; but content
myself with giving a few extracts from those
adopted by the Legislature of New Hampshire,
as a sample of the whole. The soundness and
orthodoxy of New Hampshire Democracy, I
suppose, will not be questioned, especially as it
was under the lead of the present President of
the United States during the whole lime to which
I shall refer! In 1847, the Legislature of that
State, being strongly Democratic, passed the
following resolutions:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
General Court convened, That we regard the institution of
slavery as a moral, social, and political evil, and, as such,
we deeply regret its existence, and are willing to concur in
all reasonable and constitutional measures that may tend to
its removal.
Resolved, That in all Territory which may hereafter be
added or acquired by the United States, where slavery does
not exist at the time of such addition or acquirement,
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except for the
punishment of crime, whereof the party has been duly
convicted, ought ever to exist, but the same should ever
remain free; and we are opposed to the extension of slavery
over any such territory; ana that we also approve of the
vote of our Senators and Representatives in Congress t'n
favor of the Wilmot proviso.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives be requested by all expedient and
constitutional means and measures, to sustain the prin-
ciples herein above set forth.
MOSES NORRIS, Jr.,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
HARRY HIBBARD,
President of the Senate.
JARED W. WILLIAiVIS,
Governor.
In 1848, with an overwhelming majority in the
Legislature, the New Hampshire Democracy
again—
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative* in
General Court convened* That we are in favor of the passage
of a law by Congress forever prohibiting slavery in New j
Mexico and California, and in all other Territories now j
acquiretl, or hereafter to be acquired, by the United States, j
in which slavery does not exist at the time of such acqui- j
sition. j
Resolved, That events have recently occurred and are i
now transpiring at the seat of the General Government and
elsewhere, which seem to make necessary a renewed eae- J
pression of our views upon this subject. |
Resolved, That our Senators be instructed, and our Rep- ]
resentatives requested, to urge the passage of such a law
in relation to New Mexico and California; and that we
approve, as we have always heretofore done, of all their i
votes already given in favor of such a law, or in favor of j
the principle of the same.
Resolvedt That the Secretary of State be directed to 1
forward a copy of the foregoing resolutions to each of oor
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
SAMUEL H. AYER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
harry hibbard,
President of the Senate,
JARED W. WILLIAMS,
Governor,
j When these resolutions were under consider-
I ation in the Senate, Hon. Harry Hibbard, (agen-
i tieman from our State who had something to do,
1 believe, with the passage of the Nebraska bill,)
! then President of the Senate, left the chair, and
made a strong and earnest speech in their favor,
from which I extract the following:
" sa.^, *vas ready times and places to sustain
the principle of that amendment, (one stronger than the
ahove, offered by Mr, Preston,) and bcliPved'thN was tlie
position of his political friends gonernllv, not only in the
Legislature, but throughout the flta(#fmd"the whole North.
While they were disposed to abide by the provisions of
the Constitution, and not seek to interfere with tlie insti-
tution of slavery in the States; while they would not refuse
desirable acquisitions of Territory where slavery already
existed for that reason alone, in the face of overwhelming
considerations to the contrary, as m the case of Louisiana
and Texas, they would oppose, by all constitutional means,
the extension of slavery over territory now free, as in the
case ot California and New Mexico. Such has been the
Democratic faith from the days of Jefferson to the present
time."
This is the same gentleman, who, when the
Nebraska bill was under discussion in this House,
in the exuberance of his zeal to break down the
! barrier against the encroachments of slavery, ex-
! claimed to the patriotic men who were resisting
! the wicked act: " Bring in your couches, gentle-
j men; we are prepared to give you a long sitting!"
: But he has his reward ! The New Hampshire
| Patriot, then, as now, the home organ of Gene-
; ral Pierce, in commenting on these resolutions,
used the following emphatic language in their
i, favor:
t "We need not say that these resolutions meet our hearty
I, approbation, for our readers are aware that they contain the
j sentiments which we have contended for since we have been
conuectcd with this paper—the sentiments which the Democ-
• racy of this State have supported ever since the question of
the extension of slavery came up."
In 1849, the New Hampshire Democracy again
defined their position on this question, in the fol-
lowing legislative resolves:
Resolved by the Senate andfHouse of Representatives in
general court convened; That, opposed to every form of op-
pression, the people ot New Hampshire have"ever viewed
with deep regret the existence of slavery in this Union ;
that while they have steadfastly supported all sections in
11 their constitutional rights, they have not only lamented its,
, | existence as a great social evil, but regarded it as fraught'
j I with danger to the peace and welfare of the nation.
I! Resolved, That while we respect the rights of the slave-
I; holding as well as the free portions of this Union—while we
| wilt not willingly consent that wrong be done to any mein-
:: ber of the glorious Confederacy to which we belong, we are
11 firmly and unalterably opposed to the extension of slavery
i: over any portion of American soil now free.
| Resolved, That, in our opinion, Congress 'has ths consti-
j tutwnal power to abolish the slave trade and slavery in the
j District of Columbia, and that our Senators be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to take all constitutional
measures to accomplish these objects.
| SAMUEL H. AYER,
! Speuker of the House of Representatives.
j WM. P. WEEKS,
| President of the Senate.
I SAMUEL DINSMOOR,
, Governor.
And the home organ of the President, the New
Hampshire Patriot, on the 26th day of July, 1849,
again referred to this subject in the following lan-
guage:
" The Democracy of this 8tate are unanimous in tlie
opinion, so far as we know, that Congress ha*and should
1 exercise the power, and exclude slavery from Chlifornia and
, New Mexico."
And all this, Mr. Chairman,from a State that,
to its deep humiliation, has furnished from her
, free hills a President, who, by his agency in the
wanton repeal of the Missouri compromise, in
the face of his published declarations, and in vio-
lation of pledges solemnly given before the nation,
' that the repose of the country should not be dis-
turbed by any act of his, lias opened anew the flood -
gates of sectional dissension and civil war, and
caused an amount of wretchedness and suffering
I to innocent men, women, and children, such as can
scarcely be atoned for in a long life of repentance.
i Such was the position of the northern Democracy
down to the passage of the famous compromise
measures of 1850. At that time California sought
admission into the Union as a free State, and the
slave power, again taking the alarm, raised a
i great outcry, and threatened, as usual, to dissolve
the Union! They went so far as to issue a man-
, ift:sto, and call a convention at Nashville, to take
into consideration the subject of breaking up the
Confederacy. But, fir, it ended pretty much in
