1856.]
AFPEUDtX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96&.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Americanism—Mr. Clarke, of New York.
Ho. of Rkps.
The premises bein? thus assumed, the conclu-
sion follows as a matter of course. But this is
not true. Beyond the limits of die local law,
there is no such thing as property in man. It is
but recently that this proposition has been denied.
Until recently, liberty was always considered >
the rule, and slavery the exception; and it was ,
treueraily conceded that slavery could only exist
\vliere it waa established by positive law. But now,
according to the doctrine proclaimed the other
day bv the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens] slavery exists wherever it is not
expressly prohibited—thereby completely revers-
ing the generally-received opinion upon this sub-
ject. Thus one after another the old landmarks
of freedom are removed. The repeal of the
Missouri restriction only made way for the abro-
gation of the universal rule, that slavery is the
creature of local law, and confined to the States
where it unfortunately exists. This doctrine is ,
as 1 have said, familiar and well established. It!
has been recognized as the doctrine of the com-
mon law from the time of the decision in the
Somerset case in England, not merely by decis-
ions there and in other foreign jurisdictions, but
by the courts in slave, as well as free States of this
Union. This beneficent feature of the common
law is beautifully expressed by one of the great |
Ejiglish poets : |
'• Slaves cannot breathe in England ; if their lungs |
Perceive our air, that moment they are free. I
They touch our country and their shackles fall!" ]
Such is the law in this country; and it has
been over and over again decided that slaves,
taken voluntarily beyond the States where slavery
exists, at once become free. I will not consume
the time in citing authorities. They are to be
found in the reports of the United States courts,
in the decisions'of the courts of Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, and Kentucky, and of many of the free
States. But nothing is too sacred for slavery to ,;
call in question—nothing so well established as |
to interpose any barrier to its onward and deadly j,
march ! It could not go to Kansas in safety until j j
it was first established that slaves could be held
beyond the range of the local law, and at once
the judicial barrier which confined "them to the \
States where slavery exists by such law, was j
attacked and repudiated! !j
If, then, as has been shown, slavery has no . '
legal existence beyond the municipal law of the I
State where it is established, it follows that slaves |
cannot be taken into the Territories, and there
held as slaves, except in violation of the Consti-
tution. The Constitution nowhere regards slaves
as property; hutin every instance where they are
referred to they are treated as persons. To show 1,
that I am right in this, I quote from the decision | j
of the court in the case ot Jones us. Van Zandt,
2 McLean's United States Circuit Court Reports, '
as follows: ,1
" The Constitution treats slaves as pe&sohs. The view ,,
of Mr. Madison, who thought it wrong to admit in the Con-
stitution the idea, that there eould be pro|ierty in men, seems
to have been carried out in that most important instrument.
Whether slaves are referred to in it as the basis of repre- !
■eolation, as migrating, or being imported, or as fugitives
from labor, they are spoken of as persons."
So that, if slaves are taken into the Territories
they go as persons; and by the fifth article of the
amendments to the Constitution, which provides
that no person " shall be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, without due process of law,"
they ought at once to be set free. But the slave-
power scouts this doctrine; denies that there is
any power in the people of the Territories to pro-
hibit slavery therein; and contends that, by vir- ,
tue of the provisions of,this very Constitution,
slavery is established there the moment a slave-
holder sets his foot upon the soil with his slaves!
It is understood that a majority of the judges of ,
the Supreme Court of the United States are ready
with an opinion, confirming the slavery side of
this question.
There is, then, Mr. Chairman, but one hope j
left for freedom in Kansas, and that the people
of this country are about to avail themselves of. ■
Itis, to wrest from the hands of the slave Democ- ,
racy the power they have abused, and vest it in
those who will bring back the administration of
the Government to the early policy of its found- ,
era !
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, let m« say that
we seek no quarrel with our brethren of the
South. This is an issue which tluy have forced
upon us, and, with God's blessing, we will meet
it as becomes worthy descendants of patriot sires! i
You sometimes tell us that all you want is to be ;
let alone. That is precisely wnat we intend to |
do. We will interfere with none of your rights. :
Whatever is " nominated in the bond," that we
will yield. In turn, is it too much for us to make
the same request of you—that you will let us
alone? If slavery be a blessing, to you shall inure ;
all its benefits. If it be a curse, do not seek to ■
plant it upon our soil—to involve us in its guilt.
We desire to cultivate the relations of peace and
of fraternal kindness with the people of the South.
And we say to them, in the language of one of
New England's most gifted poets:
" AH that sister States sAouM do, all that fres States may,
Heart, hand, and purse we proffer as in our early day:
But this one, dark, loathsome burden ye must struggle
with al.onk,
And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have
ADMISSION OP KANSAS—AMERICANISM.
SPEECH OP HON. BAYARD CLARKE,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik thk House of Representatives,
July 24,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. CLARKE, ofNew York, said :
Mr. Chairman: I shall record my vote against
this bill, not because it repudiates the oncepopu- |
lar doctrine of squatter sovereignty; for as I did
not participate in the ceremonies, nor join the
jubilant shouts which inaugurated the "birth of
that measure, I do not deem it necessary to take
any hand in its death, or to be found among the
mourners at its funeral. Let it go. It has lived
long enough to illustrate its parentage; and if it
now dies at the hands of those who called it into
being, it is only because they believe its death
will accomplish more certainly the evil purposes
for which they gave it life. Let it go. Its days
have, indeed, been few, but it has won for its
progenitors, if not for itself, an immortality of
infamy.
Neither is my opposition predicated upon the .
fact that the bill seeks to obtain a " snap judg- J
ment" against the free-State settlers in Kansas, ;
multitudes of whom have been driven from their
homes by violence, and impoverished by robbery;
indeed, to them, a natural consummation of the
wrongs to which they have been subjected would
be the triumph of that reckless aggression which
| has trampled on laws and constitutions, and out-
[ raged humanity, to secure to the slave power-the
1 coveted fruits of its treacherous repudiation of
' the Missouri compromise. But I oppose the
bill, sir, because it is as novel in its features as
; it is dangerous in its purposes; because it sub-
'• stantially. commits the future of Kansas, in the
' shaping of her institutions, to an Executive whose
notions of right and justice are but too vividly
portrayedin the recent and fearful history of that
j Territory! because it denies to the people the
right of revising the work of their representa-
| tives—or, I should rather call them, (in view of
the manner in which it is proposed to elect them,)
j the creatures of tht President; because it gives to
orte class of citizens the advantage of the multi-
plied and merciless outrages they have commit-
ted, and to the slave power territory once sol-
emnly covenanted to freedom; because it is not a
measure of pacification, but of increased aggra-
vation; the more intolerable, that the wrong as-
sumes the sanctity of law; because it is violative
of the spirit, if not the letter of the Constitution.
I repeat, therefore, that I shall record my vote
against this bill.
I do not propose, nor is it necessary for me to
enlarge upon the objections thus briefly enumer-
ated. The limited time allotted me will be devoted
to another purpose. Contenting myself with this
summary statement of the reasons which influ-
ence my action, I shall, in my further remarks,
i avail myself of a custom of the House, which has
[ grown into a precedent, and instead of confining
! myself strictly to the measure under debate,
assume the privilege of commenting upon tha
political crisis in which our country evidently
stands.
For the third time in the history of our Gov-
ernment, under the Constitution, we are divided
in feeling and action on a great, important, and
seemingly vital issue, before which ordinaiy po-
litical questions sink into insignificance. There
was a period, before the formation of our exist-
ing system of government, during our struggle
for a national existence, when light scarcely
gleamed through the political-chaos, which some-
what resembled the present crisis. In those days
of heroism and daring, the issues presented to
our fathers were National Independence or Po-
litical Vassalage; or, as their determined spirits
interpreted them, Liberty or Death.
The momentous question now before the na-
tion is, Shall this Government, established by
the wisdom of our fathers, as the consummation
of their labors for the cause of freedom, be ad-
ministered in the spirit of its founders, with justice
and impartiality, carrying us onward to a pros-
perous future? or shall sectional aggression and
wild fanaticism destroy the fair fabric, leaving
only " broken and dissevered fragments of a once
proud and happy Union ?"
Let me not be misunderstood. I am no alarmist;
least of all would I, in the presence of real evils,
indulge a simulated apprehension in reference to
the perpetuity of our Union. The unpatriotic
. threat of dissolution, on the one hand, and the
unmanly fear of it on the other, excite in my
bosom no other feelings than those of indignation
and contempt. Sir, I have always believed in the
language of an eminent southern member on this
i floor,that this Union was "apolitical indestruc-
j tibility;" that, assailed on whatsoever side it may
' be, neither factions or isms could tear it asunder;
! that the whole power of slavery, with its ag-
gressions, and the fell virus of fanaticism, with
its irritations, would be impotent to accomplish so
impious a work. Whether any considerable por-
tion of the citizens of the South desire such a
consummation, in any contingency that is likely
to occur, I greatly doubt. I look rather upon
the solemn vaticinations of that event in which
they indulge, as designs! to frighten northern men
into acquiescence with southern usurpations,
actual or contemplated. Be this as it may, sure
; I am that the northern sentiment of devotion to
j the Union pervades all classes; and that, with
| the exception of a few extremists, whose numbers
| and influence, are absolutely insignificant, the
! people of the free States are second to no others
| in their loyalty, patriotism, and uncompromising
j attachment to the Union. They are not pre-
pared to submit tamely to all the outrages perpe-
S trated ostensibly in its behalf, though in contempt
{ of that spirit of fraternity which it implies; nor
| for a hollow semblance of the thing are they pre-
pared to surrender its vital reality, as they mus^
if they acquiesce in the numberless aggressions
of slavery; especially if they yield the rights
covenanted to them by the Missouri compromise,
and now sought to be wrested from their grasp
through the invasion of Kansas by the slave
! power, abetted by our national Executive; and
which outrage it is intended here to consummate
i by an act of national legislation.
i Anterior to the adoption of the Constitution, the
nation had uttered its solemn protest, in the ordi-
: nance of 1787, against the extension of slavery.
I That ordinance, drafted by Jefferson, ratified by
j the first Congress under the Constitution, and
approved by the Father of his Country, the immor-
! tal Washington, excluded that institution from the
! entire Northwestern Territory, which wets there-
! by consecrated to freedom. This, I repeat, was
I the work, not of the North, but of the nation;
i and it commanded the cheerful acquiescence of
! every section'of the country. Slavery was then
j regarded as a sectional interest, liberty as a na-
tional. Some years later, upon the application of
Missouri for admission as a State, the question
of slavery again excited the public mind; but its
pretensions were greater, its attitude more defiant
than ever before. So hotly did the contest rage
I between its friends and opponents, that the stabil-
j ity of the Union appeared tottering, and its exist-
ence seemed imperiled; the nation was convulsed;
serious apprehensions were entertained tkat the
