9m
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 24,
34th Cong....1st Se^s. Admission of Kansas—Americanism—Mr. Clarke, of New York.
Ho. of Reps.
Confederacy would be broken up; and in many j j
a patriot heart was foreshadowed the horrors of a : i
civil war. It was then, sir, tiiat the spirit of com- ]
promise and concession was invoked, and not in j'
vain. A solemn compact was made, and subse- ;!
quently ratified by the unanimous voice of the
nation", by which the vast Territories, now known
as Kansas and Nebraska, were forever covenanted
to freedom, and Missouri was admitted into the
Confederacy as a slave State. For the lifetime
of a generation, this compact was regarded, both
North and South, as sacred; ay, and men who,
at the passage of the Nebraska bill, were fore-
most to lay their hands upon its provisions, had
previously declared it to be no less binding than
the Constitution itself. Sir, it is hostility to this
compact which gave peace and harmony to the
Union, and which great and good men of all
parties, consented to receive as a finality—it is
broken faith, which I charge as the leadingfeature
of southern aggression.
The history of the compromise measures of
1850 is too recent to need rehearsal; but to one
prominent phase of that history I will advert in
this connection. It is the general, dnd I might
almost say, the unanimous recognition of the
binding character of the Missouri compromise,
whose sacredness was acknowledged by allparties.
The principle no man then dared to assail; the
blessings which had flown from it were unhesi-
tatingly admitted by all. This concession is
noteworthy; for it shows that the excuses which :
have been urged for the abrogation of this com- j:
pact were an after-thought, invented to diminish '!
the shock that so gross a violation of faith was
calculated to give to the public mind, and that
they never existed as reasons for that abrogation
anterior to its accomplishment. | j
There were objectionable features in the com- :j
promise of 1850; some of which v/ere abhorrent 1
to the North; but, notwithstanding occasional 11
outbursts of dissent, the country became univer-
sally quiescent, and the impression generally ob-
tained that, at last, and forever, sectional agitation
was allayed, and our Republic would advance
thereafter, unimpeded in its career of greatness,
to the consummation of j^-i proud and enviable
destiny.
Whence came the blow which destroyed these
fair hopes, and threw the nation back appalled
into the complexity of sectional controversy ?—a j,
controversy which has grown so bitter and ma- • ]
lignant, that scenes of violence and bloodshed !
have already been enacted in the American Sen-
ate Chamber, and similar ones have been appre-
hended on this floor? Oh ! palsied be that treach-
erous hand which was lifted to destroy at once i
the country's repose, and inaugurate in its stead , j
an era of confusion, of discord, and fierce sec- j!
tional strife! In the contest betwee* northern j
demagogues and southern aggressionists, for the 1
paternity of the Nebraska iniquity, I care not
which wins the dubious honor—palmam qui me- '
ruit firat. But that the object was to pander to '
sectional prejudices, to win a miserable ephemeral *
party success, by yielding up the national peace
and honor to the aggressive spirit of slavery,
there is, in my mind, no room for doubt.
There is no man—certainly no northern man,
who does not remember the indignation with
which the announcement of the Nebraska bill
was received by all honest and patriotic citizens, I
and the alarm and dismay which followed its .
passage. It was, to use the emphatic simile of
Mr. Jefferson, in allusion to this slavery contro-
versy, "like a fire-bell in the night." What
good was to be accomplished by it, none could
say; what incalculable evils were to result it
needed not the illustration of Pandora's fatal gift
to typify. If there were found men at the North
so recreant to the national honor as to advocate
the measure, how was it with the South ? Dazzled
by a seeming advantage, the aggressive spirit of
slavery grasped eagerly at the glittering prize, to
find it, like fairy gold, turn to but worthless clay
in their hands.
Sir, the end is not yet. It is with no boastful
spirit that I say it; for I would, if 1 might, abide 1 i
by the line of 36° 30', but not one foot of terri- 11
tory has the South gained, or will she gain, by |1
the Nebraska bill. How much she will lose I
remains for futur# <f«v*lopm«nt. How much 1
she has already lost she may not now, in her
blindness, see; but others, occupying the position
of impartial spectators, can; and oneday she, too,
will perceive it to her sorrow, and perhaps her
shame—or her once boasted chivalrous spirit has
become extinct. Almost without distinction of
parties, and with a few honorable exceptions, she
forgot her solemnly plighted faith and national
honor, and it needs no prophet to foretell what
will be her reward.
As for the Administration which originated this
measure, and which, as if to rebuke our pride of
prosperity, was saddled on this people, when in
the fullness of confident hope it was believed
that no cloud would again darken the horizon, I
have no language to express my indignant sense
of the imbecility, corruption, and treachery which
has characterized it. Not only has it been ad-
judged and condemned by the voice of the people,
but sentenced arul executed by its own friends
and adherents. 1 leave it, sir, to that infamy it
has labored so successfully to secure.
The controversy which agitated our country
prior to the compromise of 1850, though import-
ant in its bearings, and involving most grave and
momentous issues, was far less significant in itself,
and less fearful in its probable consequences, than
the one in which we are now engaged. The ex-
istence of slavery south of 36° 30' was then in
controversy, and to the good faith of the North
did the country owe the peaceful settlement of
the question on the established basis. You gen-
tlemen of the S6uth have removed the old land-
marks, and opened the question to renewed agi-
tation; and it now takes a wider range than ever
before. It is not to-day confined to the destiny
of the African race; the spirit of aggression lias
reached further, and the Anglo-Saxon already feels
its proscriptive gripe. The question is not now
merely whether slaves shall exist, as such, in the
Territories, but whether the Anglo-Saxon Amer-
ican, by birth and in sentiment, joint inheritor of
our revolutionary freedom, shall be there allowed
to enjoy " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness," as guarantied by our fundamental law; or
whether his constitutional rights shall be cloven
down, and himself proscribed, outlawed, to se-
cure another triumph for the slave power. That,
I repeat, is the question; and the scenes now
transpiring in Kansas give to it a terrible and
startling significance.
What is the actual condition of affairs in that
unfortunate Territory ? Happily we can now
speak from the official record; its evidence is be-
fore us in the report of the Kansas investigating
committee. This is an official document, and as
such shall be treated. Does not that report show
sufficient cause for the alarming agitation which
pervades the country ? Does it not contain facts
enough to demonstrate that the protection of the
Constitution is not extended over that devoted
Territory? What is your Constitution worth in
the midst of fanatics and ruffians, who recognize
no law superior to the "bowie-knife" and the
rifle, and where the peacefully-disposed settler
must either succumb to violence, or repel it as best
he can ? What, in such a state of society, becomes
of your proud declaration, that "every man
is entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness?" This is the legitimate fruit of the
Nebraska bill. " Men do not gather grapes of
thorns, nor figs of thistles." Sir, upon this Ad-
ministration rests the responsibility of this statg
of things, the almost inevitable result of the wan-
ton repeal of the Missouri compromise. That
repeal has done for this Republic what the des-
potism of the last century did for France—it has
inaugurated " a reign of terror;" and for all the
evil consequences resulting, for all the strife and
heart-burnings, for all the pillage and murder,
ay, for every drop of blood shed upon the soil of
Kansas in the fratricidal strife now raging there,
I believe, before God, the Administration is as
responsible, mor'ally, as if it alone had wrought
it all; and this, too, whether the evils deplored
have resulted from the imbecility that renders the
contrivers the tools of bolder and more profligate
spirits, orfrota the wickedness which dares what-
ever an evil ambition can suggest, or irresponsible
power can execute.
It has been a popularidea, not only in our own
country, but in Europe also, among thos« who
! appreciate and admire our institutions, that this
Republic was designed by Providence to extend
the area of human freedom. But this, according
to the interpretation of the slavery propagand-
ists, is an entire mistake—a false reading of the
commission given us by the Power which planted
and which sustains us here. These new inter-
preters of our duty have discovered, that the Re-
public, established by our fathers at such a cost
of treasure and of blood, was established for the
purpose of extending the area of lmman bondage.
There appears to me something so impious in
this assumption, that it might make good men
weep, was hot the manner in which it has been
practically illustrated, so well calculated to excite
resentful and indignant emotions in the meekest
bosom. They began it as a trick—it has already
turned to tragedy; but we, sir, will endeavor to
wind it up with a poetic and historic justice to
the principal actors in the drama. I speak as a
member of the great American party a party
which has accomplished what no other party
ever did. Within a few short months, riot years,
after its establishment, it traversed this whole
Union, and defeated its enemies at the ballot-
box, sd silently, so certainly, so overwhelmingly
that faction stood aghast at such a revelation
of undreamed-of power. No matter what com-
binations were arrayed in opposition; no matter
what intrigues were entered into to arrest its pro-
gress; no matter what anathemas were hurled
against its friends, the result was still the same.
With the Constitution in one hand, and the Pro-
testant principle in the other, it went forth to
arouse our slumbering nationality, and in the
name of civil and religious liberty, conquering
and to conquer. It has rebuked the Spirit of nul-
lification so rampant at the South, and of political
sycophancy at the North, so potent as an instru-
ment of demagogism, whether it seeks to barter
our civil rights, to propitiate the slave power, or
our religious rights, to purchase the alliance of a
despotic hierarchy, which never serves another
except to attain its own ends, and is no less the
foe of republicanism than of religious liberty.
I propose to offer a few remarks upon the prin-
ciples, progress, and purposes, of this American
party, as 1 understand them.
I presume, sir, no apology can be necessary,
in this Hall, for saying 1 am an American. I
have none to offer; for it is my pride and boast.
1 was born here, as were my ancestors for sev-
eral generations before me. Nor shall I offer an
apology for that other boast which I shall make,
however presumptuous it may seem. I am also
a Protestant, receiving my faitii from God's Holy
Word, instead of resorting for it to the traditions
of priestcraft and Popery, which would hide that
fountain of pure inspiration from the people.
And, being both an American and a Protestant,
my devotion to freedom, civil and religious, in
every pure form, will not, perhaps, be regarded
as a matter for wonder; nor will my resistance to
pragmatical dogmas, whether issuing from the
Vatican or from the plantation, be regarded with
astonishment. In the presence of those great
memories which cluster round the names of
Washington and La Fayette, whose portraits look
down upon us in this Hall, as their spirits may
be presumed to do from above, I am again proud
to proclaim myself an American.
They fought for American liberty; and I trust
that I, too, am willing to labor, ana, if need be,
to die in the same holy cause. The American
party, sir, sprang from the exigencies of the
times. Foreignism and demagogism, in unholy
alliance, were fast corrupting all the channels of
Government, making innovations upon our es-
tablished policy, and striking at the very foun-
dation of our most sacred institutions. I need
scarcely tell you, sir, what was our experience
in New York, the great empire State of the Union.
There the tenure of property was sought to be
changed; the principles of the statute of mortmain,
enacted more than three hundred years ago by
our English ancestors, to curb the inordinate
power and aggressive policy of the ecclesiastics,
were to be violated, and the whole vast property of
the Roman Catholic church in tha.t State was to
be invested in the bishop of the diocese and his
successor in office, forever, as a corporation sole!
It needs no commentary to exhibit the enormity
