1356,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
957
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Adjournment of Congress—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. op Reps.
I word, for it is significant of all that contributes ;
! to the elevation, the progress, and the freedom of
I our race. Martin Luther, from whose cell burst
| the fires of the Reformation which have filled the
; world with light, was a Protestant; John Hamp-
' den, the compeer of Milton, as illustrious as he
was for his bold advocacy of the rights of man,
was also a Protestant—not only against the des-
of this project; while its boldness must chal-
ense the amazement of the most apathetic.
The Jesuit mind, ever alive to schemes for the
temporal aggrandizement of Rome, had seized
eagerly the occasion to obtain a strong foothold in
America; and so well had it played the balance of
power, which through the foreign Catholic vote
it undoubtedly held, and so corrupt had party _
politics grown, that this infamous act was well ' potic sway of the Roman hierarchy, but against
nio-h becoming a law of the State. Nor was this i kingly misrule no less. Indeed, as Luther illus-
tlie besinmnc of aggression. The history of the ! trated the religious, so Hampden illustrated the
Catholic priests'war upon the Bible in our public ■ political phase of Protestantism; for the latter is
schools is well known, and affords a striking in- '' an inevitable sequence of the former. The liberty
stance of the daring and determined character of : of conscience, the rights of individuality, which
that priesthood. Nor yet was this all. Political \\ Protestantism affirms, antagonize, no less with |
societies of foreigners were multiplying all over i1 civil than they do with ecclesiastical despotism. ]
the land, with the avowed object of controlling ; No demonstration of history has been wrought 1
local, State, and even general elections; and of !: out more clearly than this, that where the con-
thus impressing upon our legislation a policy j1 science is enslaved by the priest, the civil rights
foreign to our institutions, and detrimental to the ;• of the subject are abridged by the despot; and
continued peace and prosperity of the nation, j: on the other hand, where the conscience is free
Bound bv no ties of affection and traditionary ven- !
eration for the Government, acknowledging no ;
principle save that of self-interest, or the scarcely
broader interest of clanship, ready for the sham-
bles whenever the purchase-money was counted
down, they exhibited, indeed,a frightful element
of political corruption. Scarcely appreciating, if
at all, the change from despotism to republican-
ism—without any true apprehension of the re-
sponsibilities of citizenship, their best idea of law,
the absence of restraint, they exhibited a natural
inclination to disregard all regulations which cur-
tailed any coveted privileges. They had been
in matters of religion, political freedom prevails.
In other words, Protestantism results in civil en-
franchisement; Jesuitism, on the contrary, affili-
ates with and tends to political despotism. As
in the empires of the Old World, Jesuitism allies
itself with kingcraft, so in the New, it strikes
hands with slavery. In either case the law of
affinity vindicates its authority—the alliance is
natural. That is but a bastard Protestantism
which fraternizes with any form of despotism,
civil or ecclesiastical. Some have wondered that
a certain class of our naturalized citizens should
be found sustaining the Cincinnati platform, and
flattered by base demagogues to believe that they !' the presidential candidate, who has merged his
were better citizens than the natives themselves— ' individuality in that platform, while another class
citizens by choice and not by the accident of birth; sustains the platform of freedom in opposition to
and hence it is not to be wondered at, that they the aggressions of slavery. But to me there is no
paid little regard to the sanctity of the ballot-box, II hiystfery in all this. It only illustrates the natural
* , S 1 . 1 i * r> J_ I Tnmiltinm urWk oloiroftr TUat flf
and perpetrated the most gross and daring frauds.
And at this time where were the American people
—the children of the soil? Absorbed in selfish
party schemes, they had no time- to spare even
for Uie contemplation, much less for the reform- j
ation, of these crying abuses. Nay, the very 1
evil which threatened to shake the foundations
of our Government was, upon occasions, to them
a boon; and, often in the closely-contested elec-
tion, the mercenary foreign cohort was brought
over to decide the issue. Unmindful of the teach-
ings of history, theynever seemed to contemplate
the danger which threatened at last to overwhelm
their factions beneath the despotic rule of these
unnatural allies. Well, sir, such was the melan-
choly state of affairs, at least within the purview of
my political horizon. Catholic priests and foreign-
ers held the balance of power, and demagogues
pandered shamelessly to their demands. The
word "American" had almost become a term of
contempt; and the insolence of the foreigner would
have been unendurable, but that a little native
spirit, and a little native muscle which was apt to
contract and expand suddenly on occasions,were
yet left. This condition of affairs was indeed one
over which patriotism might justly mourn; but it
was also one for patriotism to reform; and this j
idea of the necessity for reform seems to have :
occurred spontaneously, and almost simulta- j
neously, over the whole Union. In New York, j
the order of "United Americans," though but j
few in number, put forth their energies, and by |
the force of strong remonstrance and 'eloquent i
denunciation, defeated the bishops'property bill. •
Very soon the arrogant tone of the foreign and ;
Catholic organs drove men together to consult and
act. They met at such times and in such places
> as their judgment approved—say at night, and in
secrecy, if you please, (I scorn puerile denunci-
ation)—their numbers increased, their plans were
matured, and soon the nation, from Maine to
California, was startled by a series of unlooked-
for political results, which developed the strange
fact, that there was an American people.
Such, sir, was the birth of the American party.
Its purpose, so far, is before us; but I protest
that its history shall not be written, until calm
deliberation shall have restored harmony to its j
councils, and effected once more order and unity
in its purposes and action—till opportunity shall !
have been afforded to develop and perfect its j
policy.
I have said, sir, that I am a Protestant, I love the I
affinity "of Jesuitism with slavery. That part of
our foreign-born population who support Mr.
Buchanan are, with rare exceptions, the subjects of
the Roman hierarchy, and consequently friendly
to the despotic principle, of which slavery is a
logical necessity. On the contrary, the foreign-
born voters who oppose the extension of slavery,
with the platform and candidate of the Cincinnati
convention, are generally a more intelligent class
of citizens, owing no allegiance to Rome, and dis-
daining all alliance with the slave power, which
degrades labor, and despises the laborer. The
former are Catholics, the latter Protestants. Of
course there are exceptions in both cases, but
this classification will be found generally correct,
and the explanation of the fact will also be found
in the natural affinity of one despotic system with
another. Said I not rightly, that Protestantism
is significant of all that contributes to the eleva-
tion, the progress, and freedom of our race ? As
a Protestant I can do no less, then, than oppose
the aggressions of the slave power; and when I
find Jesuitism allying itself with that power, and
striving to secure the success of its platform and
its candidate, I cannot fail to remark, that con-
sistency demands from all who love the Prostest-
ant principle opposition to the usurpations of
slavery, no less than relentless hostility to the
aggressions of Popery. They are twin demons;
and, God helping me, I am resolved, within the
limits of constitutional action, to give no quarter
to either.
Yes, sir, I am an American and a Protestant.
We owe our national freedom, as well • as our
religious liberties, to the bold spirit of Protestant-
ism. The Father of our Country was a Protest-
ant; and how wisely in the council halls, and how
nobly on the field of battle did he maintain his
protest against British oppression, even to the
establishment of American liberty ! And they,
too, were Protestants, the Pilgrim Fathers, who,
rejecting the allurements of a brighter climate and
a more prolific soil, cast their fortunes in the
bleak wilderness of the North; and strong in the
" lofty cheer" of a noble faith, built up those in-
stitutions of civil and religious liberty which will
challenge the admiration of all time ! Yes, sir,
I glory in Protestantism, and I here enter my
solemn protest against the aggressions and usurp-
ations of party leaders and demagogues, which
are doing so much to distract our country and
weaken the bonds of our national Union.
Oh! could I invoke from the silent shades of
the tomb the spirits of the mighty dead to sit in
judgment on the acts which have brought us to
this pass, how sad and mournful would tlir tri-
bunal appear ! What would he, the great apostle
of American liberty, who refused a crown that
his country might be free—not as Ca;sar did,
" thrice upon the supercal," to have the offer
pressed again—but with an intensity of self-denial
and a purity of purpose which perfected his char-
acter as the great exemplar of human virtue-
what would he say ? With what solemn emphasis
would he point you to his disregarded counsels
—his repeated warnings against the sin and dan-
ger of sectional controversy ! And what would
be his judgment—the "great pacificator"—who
closed his noble career so peacefully in the belief
, that his life-long sacrifices had not been in vain?
i What would be the verdict of Henry Clay, ho
I of whom it is said, that in times of peril
! " Suspended faction ceased from rage and strife
To hear his eloquence, and praise his life!"
Oh! could he stand once more in yonder Senate
Chamber, among those, his some time compeers,
who pledged their faith so deeply to the pacifica-
tion of 1850, only t(j break it so vilely over his
grave. What withering scorn would flash from
his eagle eye; what scathing invective would
wreathe his eloquent lips; what mighty indigna-
tion would swell his manly form, until the traitors
cowered in shame beneath his honest rebuke !
And what think you, sir, would be the counsel
of the "Sage of Ashland" to us in this trying
strait? I hope it may not appear presumptuous
in me; but admiring his life, and revering his
memory, I have sought with some anxiety for
light from his works; and I solemnly believe,
were he here in presence, his words would be—
" My countrymen, you have been betrayed by
the evil counsels of ambitious men; undo this
wrong; restore the landmarks which have been
destroyed; and abide sacredly, hereafter, by the
ancient plighted faith." This, sir, in my humble
judgment, is the only safe solution of the diffi-
culties which thicken around us—the restora-
tion in good faith, and establishment in per-
petuity, of the Missouri compromise.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. G. DUNN,
OF INDIANA, •
In the House of Representatives,
July 21, 1856,
On the Senate resolution fixing the 11th day of August fbr
the final adjournment of Congress.
Mr. DUNN said:
Mr. Speaker: There are a few things I wish
to say in regard to this question. I came into
this Congress with very high expectations that
the Missouri compromise would be restored, and
am exceedingly sorry to say that these expecta-
tions have gone down — becoming smaller and
smaller, until they are now almost entirely dissi-
pated. Indications, not easily misconstrued, are
forcing upon me the conclusion that there will not
be allowed even an opportunity of such a prop-
osition being seriously considered, by this Con-
gress. The cause of this does not rest wholly in
the hostility of its open foes. Those who came
here professed friends of the measure, have turned
their backs upon it. That is the honest truth
of the matter, and no cunning can hide it. Sir,
while I wish to offer no impeachment of any man's
motives, I may with perfect propriety, state a few
prominent facts to show this is so.
At a very early day in the session—the very
first week, I believe, after the organization—-I
introduced, by the general consent of the House—
for which indulgence I take this occasion to thank
gentlemen on all sides—a bill for the reorganiza-
tion of the Territory of Kansas, providing for the
restoration of the Missouri restriction of 1820.
I began in time, that justice might be done, and
peace again prevail. What has become of that
bill? It sleeps this day in the desk of the Committee
on Territories. It has never been touched by that
committee, so far as we know. It was never pre-
tended to be acted upon, so far as the knowledge
of this House, or of the country goes. It has slept
