958
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 21,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Adjournment of Congress—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. of Reps.
the sleep of death; it has found a grave, instead of a
friendly nurse. Instead of the Committee on Ter-
ritories bringing us back that measure, improved
and perfected by their care, a few weeks ago they
brought us a bill never referred to them, and with-
out even a proposition sent from this House as
a basis for it—utterly revolutionary in its charac-
ter—a proposition to which, neither in my repre-
sentative character, nor as a citizen, nor as a man,
could I give any approval—a proposition promo-
tive of tlie grossest political immorality, alid tend-
ing to the overthrow of all government. I could
approve of no such violent, irregular, and mis-
chievous proceeding.
During the pendency of that proposition in this
House, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] submitted his amendment. If that had ;
been adopted, so far as I could then see, or now
see, it would have remedied no single evil; but 1
rather have opened still wider the door to let in
fresh and greater mischiefs. And the reason of
that is, that his amendment did not touch the
original and moving cause of all these troubles.
It had not even the merit of covering up, tempo-
rarily, the fierce fires thafr were consuming the
State; we should still have been exposed to their
heat and danger. Well, sir, I then prepared and
submitted to the inspection of gentlemen on all
sides of the House, an amendment to the amend-
" ment of the gentleman from Georgia, restoring
the Missouri restriction. It was well known
throughout the House, that I would endeavor to
get the floor for the purpose of offering my amend-
ment. After many struggles, I at last succeeded
in getting the floor, and then it seemed that every
•effort was resorted to, by raising points of order,
and every other parliamentary stratagem, to de-
prive me of the privilege for which I had been so
earnestly struggling. All these objections and
impediments came from those who are known as
the anti-Nebraska members of this House. It is
due to gentlemen on the other side of the ques-
tion, that I should make to them my grateful ac-
knowledgments for aiding me in maintaining my
right, in the face of these objections and points of
order, until my amendment was fairly before the
House, and gentlemen were obliged to vote upon
it. When that vote was taken, my amendment
to that of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] was adopted by a clear and easy majority,
aud exclusively by the votes of the so-called anti-
Nebraska members.
The proposition of the gentleman, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] even thus amended, lacked much of being
perfect; but it then formed a basis of accommo-
dation, and the fact had just been exhibited to
all that we had a majority here, with strength
enough to take that basis of adjustment in hand,
and mold it into a satisfactory and perfect meas-
ure of settlement in evey respect. Did you do
it, gentlemen ? Did you even attempt it ?
My hopes, that had a little revived, were in-
stantly subdued again, when, on the very next
vote, which was to determine in reality whether
there was any serious purpose in this House to
try and settle these troubles, by a return to that
condition of things which had so long and so
happily preserved a good understanding—a fra-
ternal feeling amongst all our people—I saw this
basis promptly abandoned. Why, sir, if a bomb-
shell, with its hissing fuse, had suddenly fallen
upon this floor, the retreat from its explosion
could not have been more precipitate and uni-
versal. There were but two—only two, (the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Harrison] and myself)—
who stood by this basis of accommodation. Every
one else fled from it: a basis of adjustment, too,
be it remembered, which embraced the precise
terms—the very platform—laid down in the can-
vass which returned, as was supposed, an anti-
Nebraska majority to this Congress; and to
which, 1 imagine, no one is haray enough to
deny that, by the general understanding of the
country, that majority was all solemnly pledged
by their election.
I have no comment to make on this transac-
tion, further than to remark that, leaving the
motives of gentlemen entirely out of view, or
with themselves and those who perhaps may in-
sist upon explanations, the transaction itself, is
anothier, and, to my mind, most significant fact,
to be added to the utter disregard of the same
subject by"the Committee on Territories. Instead
of this or any like mode of settlement, that
committee required, and a very lean majority at
last was made to yield support to, a measure
which I did not characterize any too severely in
calling revolutionary. Was that measure sent to
the American Senate as one of justice, peace, and
healing? Did anyone so intend it? Did any
one so understand it? There is no man bold
enough to say so. On the contrary, I have seen
it urged to the public that I should have given
that extraordinary measure my support, because
I " knew as well as any man that it could not
pass the Senate." Such a reason may be quite
satisfactory "to those who suggest it; with me
it can have no influenee. I have always had
respect for that august body, and the eminent
men, with few exceptions, who have composed
it. No doubt, like other human tribunals, that
body has at times gone astray, and will do so
again. But I am persuaded that the time is not
yet come when its venerable members could
regard the proposition sent to them from this
House to admit Kansas as a State, otherwise than
with amazement and sorrow. How has your
proposition been answered by the Senate ? Pre-
cisely as every one must have anticipated. They
amend your bill by substituting their own
measure, which before then, had passed and been
sent here for our consideration, and then send
that to us a second time. This Senate proposi-
tion, thus twice sent to us by that body, is sub-
stantially the same as the one submitted by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] to
which I have before alluded—before my amend-
ment, restoring the Missouri compromise, was
attached to it.
That measure, as 1 have already said, is whoHy
inadequate. Instead of quieting strife, its passage
into a law, will immensely and certainly increase
it. Look at things as they really exist in the
country, and no man, unless his hopes exceed
all bounds of moderation and of right reason,
will doubt this. Sir, we cannot, in the present
crisis, afford to be the dupes of self-deception.
There is too much at stake; our wisest and best
informed men everywhere, and of all parties, are
constantly telling us, and in most impressivt
terms, that we stand in the face of the greatest
perils—that these dangers are becoming mora.and
more imminent every hour. Shall we not do
something—shall we not, at least, try to do some-
thing—to turn away or drive back these dangers ?
It was for the purpose, and in the hope, of being
in some humble way instrumental in promoting
so desirable an object, that I some days ago
asked leave of the House to have printed, a prop-
osition which I then presented, and gave notice,
when in order, I should move as an amendment
to the Senate bill upon your table. The House
was kind enough to grant my request. It has
been printed, and laid upon our desks, and, as I
am advised, generally examined by gentlemen
here. I hear of scarcely any objections to it—
none that are very important—from those profess-
ing a desire to see Kansas and Nebraska free.
No doubt there are defects; but if it shall be the
pleasure of the House to act upon the subject,
these defects may readily be amended. This
proposition is, in the main, the same as the one
I had referred to the Committee on Territories
early .in the session, as before stated—and which
has never been able to break through their "prison
bounds." There are, it is true, some additional
provisions, rendered necessary by occurrences
that have since then transpired in Kansas, and
for which, surely, gentlemen will gladly give their
aid to afford a remedy, if there is any faith to "be
reposed in the professions of men.
And now, sir, I will say a word or two in re-
gard to the provisions of this proposition. I may
say in general terms, that it is like all our bills
for the organization of Territories. Having for
its object the reorganization of the Territory, it
proceeds with all the usual aod necessary provis-
ions, in organizing a new Territory. True, these
provisions are so modified as to apply to the ex-
isting state of things in Kansas, so far as I have
thought a regard for them was consistent with
the public good. The proposition then contains
very liberal provisions—more than what have
been visual, but nothing beyond what has ap-
peared to me as being entirely proper—for the
support of education, from the humblest and most
necessary to the most thorough and general, in
all branches of useful, or even ornamental, learn-
ing. These provsions are extended also to the
Territory of Nebraska. I have been anxious to
see the posterity of those men who shall settle
|; these distant Territories, enriched by blessings in
this form, which can never waste, and will be of
! more value to them, and to the whole Republic,
than all you could confer upon them in your
treasures of money or of land, in making public
improvements of roads, or rivers, or canals, for a .
; thousand years.
Then,again, in ordertoencouragearapidsettle-
ment of both of these Territories, by that part of
our people who have but small fortunes, and are
therefore accustomed to hard toil; whoare robust,
brave, and self-reliant; who are familiar with the
hardships and rough ways of life, but have in
them that strong manhood which despises them;
—in order to encourage, I say, a flood upon these
Territories, of such a population, who would at
once be willing and able to maintain themselves
against every aggression, and so relieve the Gov-
ji ernment from all trouble of that sort, my prop-
osition grants preemptions to every head of a
family, being a citizen of the United States, or
one having declared indue form of law an inten-
tion to become such citizen; and then secures to
such. preemptors the right to their lands, not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres in amount,
if they shall actually reside with their families
upon and cultivate them one year, and pay the
sum of five cents per acre therefor—just enough
to cover the expense of surveys and sale. This
provision would soon fill these Territories with
the truest wealth of a State—men—true men—
such men as I have described.
Again, the proposition introduces another, the
essential provision for the pacification of our
differences—the restoration to both Territories of
the restriction of the 6th of March, 1820, against
slavery; and that there may be no show of injus-
tice, all persons within either of said Territories,
lawfully held to service, are allowed to be with-
drawn by their owners.
Other provisions sweep from Kansas all laws,
and all pretended laws, which are offensive to the
spirit of our people, or at war with the theory of
our institutions.
To avoid those unhappy controversies about
elections, which have heretofore distracted the
people of Kansas, and inflamed the public mind
everywhere, strong, and in my judgment efficient
guards are provided. These are the leading
features of what 1 had prepared as an amend-
ment to the Senate bill. They were all substan-
tially contained in the bill which, at the beginning
of the session, as I have said, was on my motion
sent to the Committee on Territories, and upon
which they have failed to make any report what-
ever. But, sir, the proposition now contains one
further provision—rendered necessary, as before
remarked, by what has taken place in Kansas
since that bill was sent to the committee.
This provision is to the effect that all prosecu-
tions for treason in Kansas, shall be dismissed,
and shall not be renewed in any court hereafter;
also, that all criminal prosecutions for any alleged
violation of what we call here the Kansas code—
the laws of the pretended Territorial Legislature
—shall be dismissed, and none others shall be
instituted upon these laws. All prisoners held
to answer any such prosecutions are required to
be at once discharged. This decided course is,
I think, justified by the evidence now before us,
in the report of the investigating committee we
sent to Kansas. But, without undertaking the
careful investigation of these charges anywhere,
we all know that whatever has been done amiss,
, if anything has, was the fruit, natural and legit-
I imate, of ill-advised legislation here; and that being
I the case, it becomes the sovereign to pass those
I improprieties over in silence—to forgive them
j to blot them out. Unless something of this sort
i is done before your adjournment, the courts where
i these prosecutions are pending will meet, and
| proceed in their action, whatever it may be. You
1 cannot tell what is to be the result. One thing is
I certain, and known to ua all: that, whether these
! accused persons are guilty or innocent—whether
