appendix to the congressional globe.
959
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Adjournment of Congress—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. op Reps.
they are to be convicted or acquitted—they are
necessarily to be subjected to serious inconve-
nience, loss,and suffering. If it be true, as many
believe, that they have violated no law—that all
these proceedings against them are acta of ground-
less and cruel oppression—that they are martyrs
to the cause of freedom and justice, as is so often,
and with such emphasis, declared in this Hall,
and elsewhere,—what excuse will that man have
to offer to these injured parties, to his country,
and to God, who, believing and declaring these
things, still folds his arms, and lets the stern
march of the oppressor's law proceed, and his
ax, already dripping with the blood of murdered
victims, again fail in this revolting and relentless
execution which you proclaim is intended?
How will you answer these things, gentlemen,
here or hereafter? Is it true, as the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] has declared he
fears, that the purpose is to abandon these men
to their fate—or rather as you would say, I sup-
pose, to their butchers—and let Kansas bleed ?
Will you release these imprisoned men—break
off their galling and disgraceful shackles—and bid
them go out free as the light of the morning, to
rejoice in all the earth, and then stop this crimson
flood which is crying to Heaven from the plains
of Kansas, for vengeance as well against those
who strike, as against those who permit the
stroke ? Or do you propose, for the base hope of
what can be made out of our present startling
condition,' in the presidential canvass, to leave
things as they are, saying to these unfortunate
men, " trust in God and submit to the sacrifice,"
and then, with words of taunt and defiance to
their keepers and persecutors, and pursuers, and
judges, turn your backs upon what you declare
you believe is to be a cruel butchery of unoffending
American citizens? Is that your purpose? I will
not say that the word " recreant" belongs to such
a purpose and to such conduct, lest it should be
regarded a violation of the rules of order; but,
gentlemen, there are those who will review our
conduct in this whole matter, and they may not be
bo delicate as to our feelings or our rules of order
either. We may find them plain, rough critics,
who employ terms of speech which most appro-
priately and vigorously define an act. The dictates
of free :dom, of patriotism, of justice, of common I
humanity—every consideration of duty, require i
us to make a most earnest effort to relieve these j
men, and to soothe and quiet this general public j
exasperation, by removing, or in some other way, I
if there be any, affording relief from the exciting j
cause. Every hour of delay brings fresh irritants I
and increases the exasperation, and thus presses j
us closer and closer to the dangers wnich it j
threatens. Yet, in the face of this—and all see
and feel it—gentlemen insist upon an early day
of adjournment—so, as it would seem, to cut off
even the chance of an effort to do anything. Are
we to attempt nothing except what we know, and
declare in advance that we know, will amount to
nothing? Shall we take it for granted that, be-
cause that failed which we were told it was well
understood, when it was proposed, would fail—
therefore, some other measure—one of justice,
and of peace, and of moderation, if presented,
will not prevail? Gentlemen have examined my
proposition. If you have objections to parts of
it, modify and amend. If you have a better
proposition present it; only preserve the one great
feature of remedial justice—restoration. Pass
that in almost any form, and our troubles and
dangers will vanish like mist before the sun.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
expresses his apprehension that the Senate can-
not be brought to acquiesce in a restoration of the
slavery restriction. Sir, we have not tried that.
We can never know that any act of ours will
meet approbation in that .body until we try it.
Let us try them with this, and if the proposition
is in itself right and proper, and is, nevertheless,
rejected, the fault will not lie at our doors. I
repeat that I have a high respect for, and confi-
dence in, our great, conservative, American Sen-
ate—a confidence reposing upon its peculiar and
admirable organization, or constitution, its past
history, and the character of many of its present
eminent members. I will not yet believe that
confidence is set upon the sand. In the darkness
of dangers through which the Republic has passed
—when violence has ruled the counsels here, and
the winds of popular passion have swept wisdom
from the deliberations of this body—when fear [
has come upon all, and even the brave have been
made to tremble,—discerning men have cheered
us by saying, " Look to the Senate." When did
we look there in vain, for such deliverance from
evil as wisdom, and patriotism, moderation of.
spirit, and great moral courage, could give? i
And now 1 feel that it is safe to say, in the
face of all untoward appearances, if we will
bravely do our duty, if we will only half-way do
our duty, the Senate will not leave the country
in its present peril. Old men do not covet the
paths of danger. They love rather, and seek,
the ways of peace and safety. It is easy for us
to test this matter. Let us pass this proposition
that I have submitted, unless you have something
better, and try the Senate with it; and if, after
every proper effort on our part .to accommodate
differences, it shall manifestly appear that, as
gentlemen suppose or say, nothing can be done
but to submit to present evils, or adopt others
that may be greater; then, sir, I shall find no
difficulty in falling back upon the most determined
and inflexible counter-action. But 1 am wholly
unwilling to believe that any necessity for such
extreme resorts is at all likely to arise. I remem-
ber, in the Thirtieth Congress, this same ques-
tion, for weeks and months, occupied attention
here, in regard to the Territory of Oregon. The
Senate and House, seemed then irreconcilably
opposed to each other in action. At last, how-
ever, better counsels prevailed. It was the Sen-
ate then, which poured oil upon the troubled
waters, and calmed the rising storm with which
ruthless agitators then sought, as they now seek,
to overwhelm both sea and land. If gentlemen
will only come up to the work in this Hall, I will
repeat the words of cheering and of comfort,
which have revived the desponding heart in past
times: " Look to the Senate:" and I shall do so
in a strong and trusting confidence that we will
not look there in vain.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Campbell] has told us we must re-
main here until the appropriation bills are passed.
Sir, I have intimated heretofore, and now delib-
erately repeat, that, until some measure shall be
passed into a law which will, to my mind, give
assurance of a just and permanent settlement of
these troubles in Kansas, no appropriation will
ever pass this House by my vote. I will not
grant one dollar to maintain and advance the
movements of the Government in a course which
promises nothing but universal ruin. I will give
no support and no countenance in any way, to
such a deplorable state of affairs as we are now
in the midst of; much less will I give means still
further to advance, and aggravate, this condition
of things. I speak for myself alone, and without
reserve or hesitancy. I would cutoff the supplies
1 and stop the wheels of Government, rather than
, let it move an inch further in its present most ill-
directed'and perilous course. If those who control
that course are refractory—if they will not heed the
clear and distinct utterances of an overwhelming
public sentiment, justly aroused to indignation
against a great wrong—if the dangers that threaten
[ us will not warn or check them, I would cut off the
j sinews of power and thus compel submission to anover-
] whelming public necessity. [Cries of "Good!"
| "That is it!" " That is the doctrine!"] I would
promptly and sternly meet the consequences of
j such a course, whatever.they might be. It is a
| remedy allowable under our institutions. It is
not revolutionary or violent,.but lawful,peaceful,
quiet, and elective. It is a means of certain redress
against the abuse of power and attempted usurp-
i ations, without the terrible resort of revolution,
j It was intended to save us from all necessity, or
pretense of necessity, for revolutionary resorts.
It is essentially the great, the very greatest, con-
servative principle in our Government; not to be
recklessly resorted to, or upon slight or trivial
j occasions, but only in times and emergencies of
high and perilous concern. It is the potent lever
of our Constitution to crush out usurpation, and
' force all in authority to observe the fundamental
I law of our Government, which is, " regard the
j public will, when properly declared"—for that
I is th« corner stone of eur institutions. This is
plainly and distinctly my opinion of what is right
and proper in the present emergency.
Gentlemen all know that there are bands of law-
less men, desperate in character and in fortune,
hovering about these Territories, and elsewhere
in waiting, on both sides of this controversy,
anxiously watching for the adjournment of Con-
gress without action which will restrain their
profligacy, that they may rush again to the con-
flict. They stand like madmen, with flaming
torches, at the side of a magazine, which at any
moment they may ignite, and produce thereby a
general explosion. If this is done, does not every
one see that the good and the bad must be in-
volved together in all the consequences which fol-
low? Does not everyone see that the flame, once
fairly kindled, must, in the nature of things,
spread and run along all the lines of those con-
federate States, until our whole horizon is lit up
with such a blaze of civil war that all the waters
of the two oceans that wash our shores could not
extinguish it? Are gentlemen willing that the
match shall be applied ? Will you adjourn and
leave the least danger of such an occurrence,
if you can possibly prevent it? If you will, for
1 what earthly reason ? Is it possible that you can
be influenced by the hope that continued agita-
tion, and all these dangers, may perhaps, in some
way, advance the interest of your candidate for
the Presidency ? My judgment would be that
you ought to have quite as much to fear as to
hope for, even with that aim, if it be your aim.
| If men weuld control their passions long enough
I to reflect, you would have far more to fear than
; to hope, from such a continuance of our condition.
. Of that, however, you will judge for yourselves.
' Until recently I have been in doubt what was best
to be done in regard to this presidential canvass,
which, unfortunately, is too apt to control the
! course of our national legislation. What, with
objectionable platforms, and objectionable candi-
| dates, or objectionable positions of candidates,
j resulting, as I think, from the too precipitate action
of their friends, I have been somewhat perplexed
as to my course of duty; but I have now settled
that question for the government of my own con
duct. Other gentlemen have done the same thing.
I make no controversy with them on that subject
here; but I do object that such choices shall have
any control in our action as members of this
House, on subjects closely connected with the
very safety of the Republic.
Mr. LANE. "Will my friend from Indiana
inform me whom he intends supporting for the
Presidency ?
Mr. DUNN. If it is in any way useful to
anybody, or will at all contribute to the satisfac-
tion of the gentleman from Oregon, to know what
so humble an individual as myself may do on
i that subject, I have no difficulty in giving the in-
formation asked; and I tell my friend fully and
freely, that, in no contingency, will I support Mr.
Buchanan—neither will I, in any event, vote for
: Mr. Fremont. The only man spoken of in con-
nection with that high and responsible office now,
that I consider at all safe to be trusted with our
interests, is one who has given ample and reli-
able pledges in his past public service, of his wis-
dom, fortitude, and patriotism—of his eminent
executive ability, and his personal integrity. And
while I am free to admit that there are some
! things connected with his present position that I
j wish were otherwise — still, regardiil£ him as
altogether preeminent in every quality required
! by the station to which he aspires, and for the
: times in which we find ourselves—as vastly supe-
rior to either or all of his competitors combined—
I shall most cheerfully give my vote to that can-
didate who both hails from, and lives in, New
York, and not to him who hails from, and lives
in, Pennsylvania, or to him who, living in New
York, for the purpose of this canvass, hails from
California—or to any other, who is amphibious,
either in his home or his principles. [Laughter.]
I hope this answer may be considered sufficiently
explicit, for I do not intend to engage here in
presidential discussions—I do not regard them as
profitable; and while 1 sincerely believe that Mr.
Fillmore is the only one of all these candidates
whose success would give any assurance of peace
and harmony, either at home, or abroad, for the
next four years, I shall nevertheless acquiesce,
