1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
961
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Nebraska Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. op Reps.
to a single individual of the majority of the com- !
luitu-f, or to the contestant. It is on that sort of i
evidence alone that the sitting Delegate claims
to iioid his seat; and it is tor the House to settle
 ml docide whether this way of getting up a case
shall succeed here. My colleague on the com-
nuiit'c, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.Watson,]
has explained the circumstances in relation to the
affidavit of Mr. Sharp.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow me
tti make an inquiry? The gentleman has said that
the deposition of Mr. Sharp was taken without
notice. Will the gentleman inform me whether
there is any evidence in the record, besides the
deposition of Sharp, in regard to the election at
the precincts of Henry Abrams, and Archer,
showing that the election was held without the
appointment of regular judges?
Mr. WASHBURN. My recollection is, that
there is not a particle of testimony on that subject
except unit of Mr. Sharp.
The gentleman from Georgia, in his minority
report in the Illinois case before the House the
other day, contended strenuously, and has at all
umes contended strenuously, that there can be
no legal testimony taken unless under the law of
ISol, and thfct all these cases must be decided on .'
legal testimony. That i• what I have understood |!
lum to contend ; and yet he here depends upon ! j
testimony not taken under that law or any other, ij
and not taken under any circumstances which j
should entitle it to be admitted, because it was I1
taken without notice.
In the Illinois contested-election case the depo-
sitions were takep after nine days' notice, and were |
admitted ; but the committee hesitated to decide
the case upon them without giving the other side
as opportunity to cross-examine the witnesses, of
which opportunity he availed himself.
Mr. SI EPHENS. As I understand the case
the sitting Delegate request the Committee of
Elections to examine Mr. Sharp. Here is his ,
notice to that committee :
WtiRnioioii Cm, Jlpril 3,1856.
Si*: That your committee may obtain a full knowledge ,
of the manner the election was conducted at Archer, Rich- ,
anjsou county, Nebraska Tern tor)", where certain persona
from off an Indian or half-breed reservation voted at the ,,
late election held in said Territory for Delegate to Congress, ij
fee., I have to inform you that Colonel Joseph i.- Sharp, j
one of tlie voters at said Arciier, and who was also present ,,
at the tune said votes were canvassed by the comity board ,
of canvaswrs, and likewise present at the territorial can-
vas, when the certificate was accorded me, is now in
the euy, and would appear before your committee when-
ever summoned or invited. It may lie proper for me to add,
that Colonel Sharp, at present, and since the organization of
the Territory, has represented said Richardson county in the !
Cooneil of said Territory, and over which he presided as
Speaker, and likewise took the first census of said portion ,
ol the Territory, and without doubt knows more of the |'
coontry, its inhabitants, and civil procedure, than any |j
other person. * !:
Very respectfully yours, B. B. CHAPMAN. 1
iv tie Hon. Ckmrwun of Committee of Elections,
House of Representative*.
Now, it seems to me, that the Committee of
Elections—I stated before that I was not here—
should have examined Mr. Sharp; and if the com-
mittee refused to examine him, and reported
adversely to the sitting Delegate, he should have
a right to rise here in his seat to-day, and read
the deposition of Colonel Sharp, and state to the .
House that the committee, although it was noti-
fied, did not examine him; and that it is for the
House to say whether they were influenced by
the facts stated in the depositions. I will state
here that, if the facts which Mr. Sharp has swom
to are true, there is an end to this case. Why,
then, did not the committee examine him?
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope the gentleman
from Georgia will not interrupt me again for ten
minutes. I have no objection to answering all
the questions that may be asked, but I object to
being interrupted every moment, and without
giving me time to finish one sentence. Now,
sir, in reply to the gentleman from Georgia, I
have to say what has already been stated, that .
this request was not made until the case was
closed and the committee had acted upon it. But
the committee, in a spirit of fairness, through the
gentleman from Ohio, saw this Colonel Sharp,
and the gentleman from Ohio, as he stated, was
satisfied from the conversation he had with him
that he had nothing of importance to present that i!
the committee were not alreadjr in the possession 11
New Series—No. 61.
off and that he did not wish to give his testi-
mony.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Maine
says the case was closed in the committee. I
call his attention to the fact, that the report of the
committee is dated on the 18th, and that the let-
ter is dated on the 3d of April.
Mr. WASHBURN. I stated that the case
was. closed befoee this request was made, which
is the fact, although the report was not presented
in the House until the 18tn. So the gentleman
from Georgia makes nothing by this interruption.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the committee having closed
this case, and being informed by the witness him-
self that he knew nothing material, and had no
desire to give his testimony, will it be contended
that the committee erred in not taking it? If the
sitting member thought they erred, ought he not,
in taking the testimony, if lie meant to use it
against the contestant, to have notified him of
the time of caption, that he might have been pres-
ent? He could have done this at least. Why
did he not do it? I ask whether it was treating
the contestant fairly, to take this affidavit with-
out his knowledge, and come here with it to de-
feathim upon testimony which he had no oppor-
tunity to meet or controvert? The gentleman
from Georgiaradmita that it is not legal testimony,
but says it may be presented by way of argu-
ment; but can he use it as evidence? Can he ask
men to act on it? If this kind of testimony can
be nsed in one case, it may in all cases. No, sir;
neither the sitting member nor any other has a
right to read such affidavits, and rely upon them
as evidence, and ask for the votes of members
upon the strength of their contents. It would be
wholly unsafe and wrong to decide cases upon
such testimony.
Now, sir, I have shown that it appears in the
reportof the committee, by regular, and legal evi-
dence, that these votes were not counted at all;
and it is not the right of gentlemen to come in,
and, upon ex parte testimony, undertake to prove
the contrary. But I go further. I not only say
that these votes, if we are to be governed by the
proper evidence in the case, were not counted; but
I say that theyougRtto have been admitted; and
if, in point of fact, they were received, no wrong
was done. It is true that these men who were
upon the Indian reserves were trespassers; nev-
ertheless they were inhabitants of the Territory.
The Indian reservations in the Territories are of
two kinds. There are reservations under trea-
ties which contain express stipulations that they
shall not be embraced in any organized Territory
without the consent of the Indians. No person,
settling upon rach lands, could be entitled to vote
for the plain reason that they did not live in the
Territory. But there is another class of Indian
reservations like these half-breed reservations in
Nebraska, upon which no such restrictions are
placed. These white men living thereon were
trespassers upon the Indian lands. They had no
right to be there; but still they were American
citicens, and they were within the boundaries of
the Territory. They were within the jurisdiction
of the Territory, subject to its laws, but subject
to no penalties or disabilities not imposed by law.
There is no penalty of disfranchisement under
the laws of the United States, or of the Territory
of Nebraska. Thereare fines and imprisonments
for trespassers on these half-breed reservations,
but no disfranchisement of those possessing the
requisite qualifications in other respects of voters.
1 wish, now, to say one word to those gentle-
men here who claim to be par excellence Demo-
crats—who claim to be the especial representatives
and friends of the people, but yet who insist
that five counties in the Territory of Nebraska
shall be disfranchised, because the officers of elec-
tion, instead of making their full, original re-
turns to the judge of probate, from which he
should make abstracts to send to the territorial
canvassers, seift them directly to the latter. It is
argued by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Fos-
ter] that the originals cannot be so reliable as
the copies, for tne reason that frauds could be
practiced upon the territorial canvassers. Why,
sir, cannot the same frauds be practiced upon tne
county as upon the territorial canvassers ?
Mr. POSTER. My objection was, that there
was no evidence that these were the original docu-
ments. Now, sir, the prdbate judge is required
to appoint the judges of election, and of course
he must know that the returns made to him are
by the proper officers, for they are his appointees.
If it were proved that the papers sent to the ter-
ritorial officers were the original papers, the argu-
ment would be at an end; but there is 110 such
evidence.
Mr. WASHBURN. As I understood the
argument of the gentleman from Georgia, it waa
this: that although the original poll books them-
selves were sent to the territorial canvassers,
yet the evidence was not so conclusive as it would
be if copies had been sent attested by the county
canvassers. Now, sir, these poll-books were
sent by the officers themselves, with their own
certificates as to their genuineness; and I submit
that until some proof, or at least some allegation
that fraud has been committed, is given, these
documents are to be received prima fucie as genu-
ine. There is no proof in tliis case that these
returns were not correct. There is not even a
suggestion of any fraud or mistake in respect to
them. If there had been any, it would have
been proved. It has not been. But if it is neces-
sary that these returns shall, in every respeot, to
the smallest particular, conform to the law, as the
gentleman argues they should, then I insist that
beyond a doubt the contestant is entitled to his
seat. The case is plain, because in the county
of Douglas there is no legal authentication of the
returns—there is no signature of the proper coun-
ty officers to authenticate their returns; and in
tnat county there is returned a majority of one
hundred and thirty-six in favor of the sitting
member. So, that, have it as you will, if you
admit the returns upon the principle the commit-
tee have adopted, the contestant is entitled tq his
seat; or if you adhere to the strict letter of the
law, as the minority contend, he is still entitled
to his seat by a large majority. So much for
that branch of the subject.
I have said that in my judgment the case does
not turn at all upon the votes of these men upon
the Indian reservation, for the reason that, taking
the legal testimony included in the report of the
majority, and also taking-the ex parte testimony
presented by the minority report,- and still the
contestant is entitled to lira seat in this House.
It is the opinion of the gentleman from Georgia,
and the same opinion is given in the minority
report, that the vote of Dacotah county ought to
be excluded.
It has been said here, with a great show of
; fairness, that the votes of all these counties—
I those for the sitting member, as well as those for
| the contestant—were excluded. To be sure, they
! were willing to exclude these twenty-five votes.
in Dacotah, because, by so doing, they made
a precedent for excluding four or five times as
many on the other side. It is admitted in the
minority report—it was admitted a few momenta
ago by the gentleman from Georgia, that the
votes from Dacotah ought not to be received,
for another reason than that applying to the
| other excluded counties. These votes are to be
| thrown out, not because they were not properly
forwarded to county officers, but because the
election was not held at the proper place. The
! Governor had the right to fix the precincts, and
| the places for holding the elections. He fixed the
i place of election for Dacotah. It was Dacotah
City; but the election was not held there. Some
individuals assembled at another place, twelve or
i fifteen miles distant, Omaha Creek, and proceeded
I to vote therein their own way. They gave twenty-
j five votes for the sitting member, and none for the
t contestant. Suppose there was an election to be
j held in the District of Columbia, and Georgetown
j was fixed by law as the place for holding the
i election; and suppose that no election was held
j there, but that men assembled at this Capitol,
I appointed their own officers, gave in their votes,
! made a return, and claimed that they should be
i counted: in such a case, would any gentleman of
! this House argue for a moment that those votes
I should be received? Not one, I am sure.
| The same objection applies to the vote at Henry
: Abrams's. That election was to have been held
I at Pawnee. It was not held at Pawnee, but at
another place, called Henry Abrams's. The gen-
tleman from Georgia contends that the vote at
