1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
963
34th Cono....1st Sess. Nebraska Contested Election—Mr. Bennet, of Nebraska,
Ho. of Reps.
deleo-ate last November, when he came back into
the territory. He had to be there forty days to
entitle him to vote. He was not a voter, and did
mt vote at that election. N evertheless, by getting
all the executive influence of the Territory in his
favor, he ran a pretty good race; but I beat him.
That is, I beat him before the people, but he beat
me before the canvassers—all of whom were my
personal and political enemies.
One word further in reference to this matter.
For the purpose of serving a notice upon the sit-
ting Delegate that I intended to take testimony to
use in the contest for his seat, I wanted to serve
him with a notice of the time and place of taking
the testimony, under the law of 1851, and I in-
quired of him last January, in that lobby, where
his residence was, in order that I might serve a
notice upon him at his place of residence. In
truth, he did not know where it was; and I could
not serve a notice at his residence in the Terri- •
tory, because he had none there. It will be ;
shown, in my further argument, that that fact j
worked a great hardship to me. I
Mr. Speaker, I rise mainly for the purpose of j
protesting to this House against the unprecedented
introduction of ex parte affidavits as testimony
in this case; after which, I may say something
upon the merits of the case. Upon that, how-
ever, I shall be brief, leaving it to be taken care
of by the committee who have the case in charge.
I will at once enter upon my subject.
I object to all exparte testimony in the case; and
I particularly object to the four ex parte affidavits
upon which the minority report is based; and
first, because it is ex parte; second, because it
never was presented to the committee—only to the |
minority; and third, because it was not shown
or known to me to exist, until long after the
majority report was printed. And again, because
they were made by my political and personal
enemies, without any notice whatever to me, not
only wot in accordance with law, but in direct vio-
lation of the statutes of 1851; and because it in-
troduces into this controversy points wliich I had
not understood as being in the controversy at my
and by his not raising them in his answer to all;
notice to him of intention to contest the seat, nor
in any of his printed arguments before the com-
mittee, nor in any of his conversations before the
same and to me, I understood as being waived by
the sitting Delegate, and tacitly admitted. And
fourth, I object to these affidavits because they
contain misrepresentations, prevarications, and
falsehoods.
Let us briefly examine these objections.
And first,! object to these affidavits, because
they are ex parte.
Since the minority report, and these affidavits
accompanying, were printed, and distributed to
the House, (the first notice I had of their exist-
ence,) I have examined tlie precedents which have
heretofore governed this House, and nowhere do
I find anything to authorize or to justify the in-
troduction of such testimony. I will briefly refer
to a few of the cases, where the thing haa been
brought in question.
in the case of Spaulding vs. Mead, book of Con-
tested Elections, page 158, it was held as follows:
" The petitioner offered depositions to prove that the
taute of the failure in the transmission of the returns from
the three last counties within the twenty days after the
election, &«., was a hurricane, that rendered the roads im-
passable ; but as the sitting member was not notified to be
present at the taking of those depositions, the committee were
of opinion that they were not admistiiie in evidence."
And this decision of the committee was con-
curred in by the House.
The same rule was also laid down in the case
of Jackson t> j.Wayne, from Georgia, on page 49.
In the case of Michael Leib, on page 166, it was
held that "exparte affidavits were not admissible
in evidence," and so determined by the House,
without debate or division. In the argument of
Mr. Tracy, in the case of Lyon vs. Smith, he
plainly discriminates between " legal proof" and
exparte affidavits, and his positions were not con-
troverted by any one at the time nor since: see
also page 118, where the rule there laid down
" required that notice should be given by each
party of the time and place of the taking of testi-
mony by deposition."
Again, in the case of McFarland vs. Purviance,
jflige 131, it was held, that notice to take testi-
mony must be served on the opposite party agree- j
ably to the laws of 1797 and 1800—which, by the I
way, in that respect, are similar to the present act j
of 1851, under which we are now acting. ,
In the case of Turner vs. Bayliss, on page237 ;
it was required "that notice to the opposite par-
ty shoula be given," and that testimony was
properly taken, notwithstanding the sitting mem-
ber declined to be present, " he having been duly
notified."
So also on page 521, in the case of Loyall vs. '
Newton, from Virginia, a notice to the opposite
party was held to be an " essential requisite " in
taking depositions.
In no single instance on record that I can find,
either before this House or before courts of law,
has it ever been held that ex parte affidavits
could be received as testimony without the con-
1 sent of the opposite party, and even then with
' great caution.
I object to the introduction of this ex parte tes-
timony, also, because it alleges and brings into
the controversy an averment that the polls at the
town of Archer and Pawnee precinct were not
legally constituted polls. _
These objections the sitting Delegate did not
raise in his answer to my notice of contest, (see
his answer on page 59 of the majority report;)
and I submit, sir, that as he,attempted to follow
the actof Congress of 1851, concerning contested
elections, by answering my notice, and therein
setting out his whole defense, and thereby mak-
ing an issue upon which, by regulations of that
same.statute, both parties were to take testimony,
that he should be judged by that statute, and be
precluded at this late day from raising other
points than those set out in his answer; and that
lie should be confined to taking his testimony in
the manner prescribed by that law.
And secondly, I object to the time and manner
of the introduction of these affidavits.
It will be seen, by reference to the majority
report, that the sitting Delegate appeared before
the Committee of Elections and made a written
argument. Before doing that, however, he pre-
sented his testimony,and,as I understood, ana as
I believe the committee understood it, all of his
testimony. And having previously submitted all
of my testimony and an opening argument to the
committee, Mr. Chapman replied. To all appear-
ance it was the conclusion of his testimony and
his arguments to the committee. He does not
ask in that reply for further time to take testi-
mony, or for the introduction of any that he had
in possession at the time, and had not previously
submitted} but wound up his argument and sub-
mitted his case by saying: " For the foregoing
reasons, and for others stated in my answer to
contestant's notice, &c., I claim to be the legally-
elected Delegate from Nebraska, and ask that
contestant's memorial be dismissed;" thereby
showing, so far as he was concerned, that the case
was closed before the committee. After which,
to wit: on the next day, the 18th day of March,
I made my concluding argument to the committee,
and thereupon it was officially announced to me
in the committee-room, by the chairman, that the
case, so far as the parties were concerned before
the committee, was closed.
Judge, then, of my surprise when, on the 16th
of May, nearly two months after the case was
closed, and, as I supposed, like a case at law,
finally submitted to the committee to find a ver-
dict upon, I was shown this minority report, with
the four extraordinary tx parte affidavits printed,
-and accompanying it. I submit, sir, that it is &
parallel case, and that it works as great injus-
tice to me, and is virtually as great a wrong to
my legal rights here to allow these ex parte affida-
vits any place or weight in determining my rights
before this House, as it would be in a trii 1 at law
to allow the defendant, unknown to the plaintiff,
to go before the jury with affidavits after they had
retired to make up their verdict.
Let it be borne in mind that I had no notice of
the time and place when and where he would take
these affidavits; and let it be remembered, that
either in person, or by my acknowledged attor-
ney, I was in the immediate vicinity of the places
at the time these affidavits purport to have
been taken, and could have been notified as well
as not, had he wanted me present to cross-ex-
amine his witnesses; that the whole transaction
concerning the affidavits was kept a profound secret
from me up to the time the minority report was
made and printed, notwithstauding some of the
affidavits were taken months before; that one of
them was taken before A. J. Poppleton, Mr.
Chapman's attorney, as I believe; that they were
all made by my political opponents, and two of
them by my personal enemies, and then you will
not wonder at my surpriseat their announcement,
or my protest to their reception.
But I pass on to notice, in the third place, tha
objections founded on their misrepresentations,
prevarications, and falsehoods.
Mr. STEPHENS, (interrupting) That tha
House may not be under any misunderstanding
about this, 1 will repeat whati have stated before,
that most of the testimony relied on by the con-
testant himself was fx parte.- I call attention to
page 34 of the majority report:
" Depositions of William P. Whitaker and Benjamin F.
Leachman, who voluntarily appeared, and wpre sworn,
and examined before me, Mastin VV. Kiden, recorder of
Nebraska City, in the county of Otoe, in the Territory of
Nebraska, at the house of John C. Miller, in the county of
Richardson, in,said Territory, on the 19th day of February,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-six, pursuant to the within commission to me directed,
authorizing me to take the depositions of witnesses in tha
above entitled cause, wherein the election of Bird 15. Chap-
man, as delegate aforesaid, is disputed by Hiram P. Bennet."*
These are exparte affidavits; and as to most of
the testimony which the contestant himself of-
fered there was no notice at all to the sitting
Delegate.
Mr. BENNET. The gentleman from Geor-
gia says he was absent at the time the majority
report was made,and he will findthathe is a littlo
absent also as to the report itself. If he will
examine that report, he will see that I gave to the
sitting Delegate notice of the time and place when
and where 1 would take the depositions of these
witnesses. I gave the sitting Delegate the notice
here in this House. It will be found in the ma-
jority report with his acknowledgment of the
receipt of such notice. I will further say, Mr.
Speaker, that I did not carry my testimony in my
breeches pocket until [ got up to make a speech
as the sitting Delegate has done with most of his.
I submitted my testimony to the committee in
March last. It was published on the 18th of
April, and spread before the House in the ma-
jority report.' It was not kept back by me, and
sprung upon the House at the last moment. If
the gentleman has any further question to ask
me 1 am ready to answer him.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentleman whether
the sitting Delegate ever received any notice of
these depositions of William B. Whitaker and
Benjamin F. Leachman ?
Mr. BENNET. I will read the notice given
to the sitting Delegate:
" To the Hon. Bird B. Chapman :
"Sir: Ybu will please take notice, that it is my inten-
tion, on the 19th day of February, A. D. 1856, at the resi-
dence of John C. Miller, at the town of Archer, in the
county of Richardson, in the Territory of Nebraska, before
Mastin W. Kiden, recorder of the city of Nebraska City, in
said Territory, between the hours of nine o'clock, a. m. and •
five o'clock, p. m., and continuing from day to day until all
are taken, to proceed to take the depositions of sundry per-
sons touching the case of my contest of your seat as Delegate
to Congress from the Territory of Nebraska, to wit: Zeno
Busseil, Houston Nuckolls," &e.
Here follow the names, times, and places of
witnesses, whom I propose to examine.
Here, too, accompanying, are the certificate of
Mr. Miller, of this city, and the acknowledgment
of the sitting Delegate:
I certify that I have this day deposited in the post-office of
the House of Representatives of the United States, a copy of
the within notice, directed to Bird B. Chapmau, at twenty
minutes to one o'clock, p. m., 15th day of Januaty, 1856.
JAMES J. MILLER.
I acknowledge the receipt Of a copy of the above, this
15th day of January, 1856.
BIRD B. CHAPMAN.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is as to the deposi-
tion of Zeno Russell. But is there any notice there
of intention to take the depositions of William P.
Whitaker and Benjamin F. Leachman ?
Mr. BENNET. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Georgia has not quite got me yet. I
gave the sitting delegate notice that I should take
the depositions of the judges of election of the
