1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
34th Cong....1st Sess. Nebraska Contested Election—Mr. Bennet, of Nebraska.
Ho. of Reps.
on it n false conclusion. If this was not a legally-
lonstituted precinct, why did this deponent and
]us whole family presume to vote at it' Why did
they not then denounce it, and refuse all counte-
nance to this infringement on sacred rights? The
truth is, this prevarication and falsehood by this
deponent would never have been thought of, had
he succeeded in carrying; for Mr. Chapman a
majority of the votes at this precinct. Tne only
witness' whose deposition 1 took in the county
voted, and he voted for Chapman. I did not take
the testimony of a single witness who I know
voted for me. I carried the war into Africa, and
I found allies there to sustain me. 1 took the
testimony of Whitaker, who voted for Chapman.
Let it be borne in mind that Sharp is a willing,
a swift, and a long-winded witness, having come
from the Territory, two thousand miles off, mainly
for the purpose of devoting to the silting Delegate
the benefit of his Counsel and his oath. Pardon
me for using the word; but Sharp " honey-fuggltd"
around me. He came to me, and stated that
Chapman wanted him to make an affidavit, but
that he would rather not do it; that he had declined
doing it; and thus he misled me and threw me off
my guard, and the* a few days afterwards he :
makes Uiis affidavit, gets on board the cars, and !j
left the city for western Iowa, to pull wires in j!
politics to secure his own. election to the Iowa I'
Legislature; at the same time claiming a residence :
iu Nebraska, and holding two commissions of 1!
office in that Territory. Such is the omniverous, i j
unscrupulous Sharp, Mr. Chapman's portable
witness. He made this affidavit in this city,
without permitting me to be present to question
him; ana shortly after he made it, on the eve of
the trial, he "sloped" for the West, no doubt
chuckling over the imagined excellent service he
had rendered his political and personal friend,
Chapman, and the injury he had done to me, his
political and personal enemy. I knew nothing
about it until the minority report was printed.
Neither did I know the first breath about these
three ex parte affidavits accompanying it. Now,
I address myself to the candor of every gentleman
in this House, and particularly to every lawyer,
whether my legal rights ought to be determined
• upon by this ex parte evidence ? Is it light, inde-
pendent of law; and coming down to Taw, is ft
legal ? Are gentlemen willing to commit them-
selves to this doctrine, that ex part* affidavits,
introduced at the last hour of the controversy,
can govern and control contested elections? But
I pass on.
There is no point in the objection to the voters
on the half-breed lands, because those squatters
refused to pay taxes. There has been much,stress
laid by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Foster]
upon the fact that these gentlemen refused to pay
taxes. Let us examine it for a moment. This
refusal to be assessed and to pay taxes was general
all over the Territory, and came from the fact,
that there was no law authorizing an assessment
of property anywhere in the Territory. At the
last session of the Legislature, they passed an
enabling act to legalize the previous year's assess-
ment and tax, which proves my view of this point.
These men upon the half-breed tract never refused
to pay taxes, any more than any others in the
Territory; and if they were disfranchised by the
proclamation of the Governor before they were called
on to pay taxes, it was not done by any law of
the Territory, or by any law of the United States.
Taxation without representation, of course, being
freemen, these men would not stand. TJjere
were fifty of these men, according to the procla-
mation of the Governor. What does Sharp say
about it? He says there were only nineteen.
Was there nothing wrong in the proclamation of
the Governor ? Perhaps Sharp and the Governor
are both a little wrong. I think so. The Gov-
ernor says there were fifty voters living there;
granted. These men, in common with the rest
of the county, went on and elected a member to
the Legislature — the Hon. Thomas R. Hare.
He went up from Richardson county as the rep-
resentative of these fifty disfranchised voters, and
the Legislature gave him his seat. The House of
Representatives decided that the votes of Archer
and Pawnee were legal, and that this man was
entitled to a seat.
The people on this half-breed tract are a peace-
able and law-abiding people. They settled upon
this tract innocently and honestly, believing
they had a right to do so. They have offered vio-
lence to no one; and when, this last winter, they
were notified that the lines of this " tract" were
defined by a late survey, and that they were
" trespassers" on the property of the half-breeds,
they were the peaceable citizens to pack up their
household goodsand voluntarily turn themselves
out of their pleasant homes. They left their ex-
tensive farms to grow up again in their primi-
tive wildness; as orderly and law-abiding citizens,
they peaceably left the tract to the enjoyment of
its legal owners, the half-breeds. They were
trespassers I admit, but they were innocent tres-
passers; and as soon as they were notified that
they were trespassers they left. Now I ask
gentlemen if the law of the United States does
not punish them sufficiently ?—is not $500 fine, or
imprisonment for three years sufficient. Is that
not enough without subjecting them to the loss
of their elective franchise? If disfranchisement is
the penalty of any law, either of the Territory,
or of the United States for trespassing, I would
like to be shown it. Suppose "A B" was a tres-
passer on " C D's" " claim," which is just across
the line of this half-breed tract, would the fact of
his being a trespasser against a white man dis-
franchise him ? If not, then why should it be so
when he commits a trespass against an Indian ?
I submit, that this is a parallel case to the other.
The one is a trespasser on a private claim; the
other a trespasser on the lands of the half-breeds.
In the one instance, the man who settles down
upon a private, claim would, by the laws of the
land, be removed, and punished by fine—not by
imprisonment; and in the other case — settling
upon the half-breed tract — he is punished by
removal, and by fine and imprisonment; and in
neither case by being disfranchised.
If you say they were not included in the limits
of the Territory by provision of the first section
of the organic law, then I will ask you for "any
treaty stipulation" by virtue of which this tract
was not to be included within the jurisdiction
of the Territory ? In the absence or such treaty
stipulation—and who can produce it?—I say he
who runs may read in that first section, that this
tract is " included" in the limits and jurisdiction
of the Territory. And, notwithstanding persons
going on to this tract will be trespassers under the
act of Congress of 1834, yet, whilst (hey remain
there, as in the case of the trespasser on the
" claim of C D," they would be voters until
removed from thence by process of law.
Mr. STEPHENS, will the gentleman here
allow me to call his attention to a matter? I
understood the gentleman awhile ago, when I
called his attention to the fact, that the depositions
of Mr. Whitaker and others were taken without
notice—to say that it was covered undfr the gen-
eral notice that he would examine the three judges.
I wish to know if these gentlemen occupied that
position ? I ask the gentleman to show me where
there is evidence in any of this testimony that
they were judges ?
Mr. BENNET. If the gentleman would take
a little trouble and examine these affidavits, he
would see that the fact is not only stated there,
but I believe it is stated in the affidavit of J. L.
Sharp, yhich will not be disputed by the gentle-
man.
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir; it is in neither. The
affidavit is, that they were canvassers—an office
very different from that of judge. On page 35
of the majority report Whitaker swears:
" Interrogatory third. State whether or not there was an
election held in Richardson county, in said Territory, on
the day above named, at which votes were cast for Dele-
gate to the Thirty-Fourth Congress of the United States,
from the Territory of Nebraska ?
" Answer to interrogatory third. There was.
" Interrogatory fourth. State who were the canvassers of
the votes cast at said election ?
" Answer to interrogatory fourth. Benjamin F. Leach-
man, George W. Miller, and myself."
Now I tell the gentleman and the House that
there was no notice to the sitting Delegate that
any such men, either by description of character
or by name, were to be examined; and, so far as
they are concerned, it was an ex parte examination'
from beginning to end.
Mr. BENNET. I will state that these men
have used a different name for the same office.
The judges of election are the canvassers of the
county votes.
Mr. STEPHENS. If that be true, there is
still a great mistake, because the judges of elec-
tion were different men, and I have tneir names
here.
Mr BENNET. I will say right here, that I
gave the sitting Delegate notice of the time and
place. That is, perhaps, the most essential re-
quisite in the matter. I gave him proper notice,
under the law, of the talking of the testimony.
The essential requisite in this matter is the time
and place. Of that I gave him notice. Did he
do so with me? Did he give me notice of the
time and place that I might cross-examine his
witnesses ? *
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to say a word in
answer to all that part of the gentleman's argu-
ment as to ex parte testimony. Here was Mr.
Sharp in this city. It is well known that the
sitting Delegate wished to have him examined by
the committee. I suppose that will not be dis-
puted. Did that show any disposition on the
part of the sitting Delegate not to have the tes-
timony taken? But tne gentleman says it is
ex parte. I refer to his own record to show that
part of his testimony is also ex parte. The very
testimony on which the gentleman relies, when
you come to it and sift it, shows that it is of the
same character. Time and place are not so im-
portant to be known as the name of the person
to be examined.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will say this: that this
testimony was before the committee, and under-
stood to nave been taken on notice; and we know
that the aitting Delegate did not object to it.
Mr. BENNET. Let us discriminate between
his testimony and mine. The sitting Delegate
had due notice of the time and place whefl and
where my testimony was to be taken. It was
sent in according to the law of 1851, filed at the
Clerk's desk, and by the Clerk presented to the
committee before ever I saw it or heard what it
contained. It was handed, as I am informed, by
a member of the committee, to the sitting Del-
egate, that he might examine it; he did so, and
raised no objection whatever to it; and I submit
right here, sir, that even ex parte affidavits, if
they are admitted by the opposite party, are legal
testimony. I believe that such is the rule, even
in courts of law; and so it has been held in this
House. The gentleman has therefore virtually
admitted my testimony, notwithstanding the gen-
tleman from Georgia wishes—tries to find fault
with it. At the very earliest opportunity offered
me, I objected in toto to these four affidavits of
the sitting Delegate; and if an opportunity had
been afforded me in the committee, I should have
objected to them there; this is the first opportunity
I have had. But I pass on.
If the votes thrown by these persons who were
residents on this half-breed land really form a part
of the seventy-six votes returned for me from
Richardson county, contrary to the certificate of
the probate judge,and if the Pawnee precinct was
not identical, and the same place as the precinct
at Henry Abrams, why did not Mr. Chapman
appear at Archer at the time I notified him that
I should take testimony there, and prove by this
witness, Sharp, or the judge of probate, or some
one else, his view of the case? But, no, he did
not appear there; it would not have answered his
purpose to do so; his view of the facts could not
' nave been established in that way; and he resorts
to another mode of procedure. My old enemy,
Sharp, comes on here about the time the majority
report was made; and after looking over all my
printed testimony, and the majority report, and
conning it over three or four weeks, he fixes up
a state offacts just sufficient to carry his friend—
the sitting Delegate—through, swears to it in a
corner, and then takes good care to leave the city
before it was possible for me to know what he
had done.
*Whitaker's testimony was only concerning the vote
there being cast for Hiram P., and not" Henri P." Bennet.
It had nothing to do with the half-breed question. His
testimony was not material, as Chapman admits in his an-
gwer, what Whitaker's deposition tends to prove. Hence,
excluding Wbitaker'i affidavit, it cannot affect the esse in
the least.
