906
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 22,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Nebraska Contested Election—Mr. Bennet, of Nebraska.
Ho. of Reps.
The judge or probate, (also my political oppo-
nent,) who canvassed the voteot the county y knew
very well what was intended by Paicnee precinct.
The Governor intended the house of Henry
Abrams, and the judge of probate knew it to be
bo, voted there himself, and considered ltalegally-
constituted poll bv canvassing it. There was
no such place as Pawnee precinct distinct froni
Henry Abrams, and there was no such town in
Pawnee county as the town of Pawnee, at whicjj,
this deponent would fain have us to believe the
Governor called the election. Pawnee county is
attached to llichardson for judicial and election
purposes; they are one and the same district, so
far as jurisdiction is concerned. The law con-
templates them as the same territory or county;
and even the judge of probate for Richardson
county did at and "before the election actually re-
side in what will, when it is set apart, be in
Pawnee countv; and I do solemnly affirm that,
bo far as the deponent discriminates and avers
that the house of Henry Abrams is not the Pawnee
precinct designated in the proclamation of the
Governor, it is basely false. This I say in full
view of a responsibility to answer for it to the
deponent, and to the people of that county.
It seems, further, that, of the forty-seven votes
cast at the .Ircher precinct, where this deponent
pretends to reside, and where he voted, he, with
all his efforts against me, did not succeed in poll-
ing avote against me, save one, outside of his own
family relations—the Sharps, and the Trammels.
That one vote was Whitaker's, whose deposition
I took after notifying Mr. Chapman to be present
to cross-examine, but which it seems he declined
to do. Does this absence of influence on the part
of Sharp arise from the fact, that deponent's
character is best known by his own immediate
neighbors and associates r Is it not a little strange
that, «ut of the forty voters outside of the depo-
nent's family, he did not succeed in securing but
one against me; and does it not look as though
the people of that precinct were inclined to believe
the open charges of bribery and corruption I
made against deponent on the stump at that place.
No wonder, then, that it was important this irre-
sponsible and extraordinary affidavit should have
and require, before it was passable, a responsible
indorser. _ %
Here it is; (minority report, p. 11:)
Senate Chamber, United States, May 9,1856.
I have been intimately well acquainted with the Hon.
Joseph L. Sharp, who has signed tilp foregoing affidavit,
ever since the month of December, 1852, when he served
as a member of the Legislature of Iowa from the county
'of Mills. My intercourse with Colonel Sharp, and the opin-
ion of him eDtcrtaiued by the peo|ile of iowa, with whom
ho resided, justify ine in theconviction that his statements
are worthy of full credence. Every reliance, in my opin-
ion, should be placed in any statements which he may make
In reference to aftairs in Nebraska.
geo. yv. jones.
It is true this deponent once a member of.
the Iowa Legislature, and while there 1 believe
be supported the election of the Hon. George W.
Jones to the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker,
" one good turn deserves another;" and the Sen-
ator now comes to the rescue of his former con-
stituent.
The most charitable view of the matter is, that
the Senator now speaks from a kindly recollec-
tion of a former supporter, rather than from any
intimate or exact knowledge of his private char-
acter; and I do not hesitate to say that I could
procure a dozen certificatei of good men, who,
though not United States Senators, yet, from an
intimate knowledge of Sharp's private and pub-
lic character, by a residence in the same town with
him for three or four years, and who thereby
would, perhaps, be as capable judges of his char-
acter , as he has established it in the West, as the
honorable Senator, who has, perhaps, only casu-
ally met him from time to time since his return
to the United States Senate, which would prove
directly the reverse of what the honorable Senator
thinks is due to this deponent's credibility. Sen-
ators may be mistaken, as well as other men.
I impute to the honorable Senator no intention
to willfully misrepresent the character of deponent;
but I do claim that, in his zeal to sustain his friends,
the sitting Delegate, and the deponent, he has
■greatly mistaken deponent's private character, as
understood and known by myself and ilia imme-
diate neighbors.
Having thus, as briefly as possible, shown why
this exparte secret evidence should be rejected by
the House, and not be permitted to have any
weight in determining this case, I will proceed to
notice the testimony which was submitted to the
Committee of Elections, where it could be seen
and inspected by either party, and which, I think,
should govern the House in their judgment and
decision of this contest. ;
It will be noticed, that all the testimony which i
I have introduced to the committee is in deposi- !
tions, taken in conformity to the act of Congress j
of 1851, after giving the sitting Delegate the re- j
quisite legal notice, &c., or in copies of records
properly certified to. Aly evidence is all, there- t
fore, legal, and could be introduced into a court j
of law; whilst that of the sitting Delegate is all
ex parte affidavits, or extracts from partisan news-
papers of the Territory, or extra-judicial certifi-
cates, none of which can be considered legal tes-
timony in a court of law or before this House.
It will be borne in mind that the sitting Del-
egate admits that 1 received a majority of all the
votes in the Territory, (see page 58, majority
report,) but charges some of the votes 1 received
to be illegal. Now, I ask, after his admitting me
to have received a majority of all the votes in the
Territory, does it not devolve upon him to show
and to prove the fact, if any of my votes were
illegal ? Is he not, before this House, as much
bound by his solemn admissions as he would be
in a court of law? I think he is; and taking this
to be a conceded point, I will go on to examine
wherein he has tried to prove any of my ad-
mitted majority of votes in the territory to be
illegal; and in doing this, I have to deal with the
evidence and the arguments which the sitting Del-
egate brought before the committee when the j
case was being heard, and excepting, what I have I
before said, pass over in silence his secret, ex \
parte, would-be testimony, which first met my gaze
in and through the minority report, and which I
trust the House will reject as unworthy of con-
sideration.
The first thing, then, which I shall call your
attention to, is the vote of De Soto precinct, in
Washington county. The other two precincts in
this county—Cuming City and Fort Calhoun—
although open to nearly the same objections as
De Soto, yet I shall pass them over in silence.
They both gave small majorities to Chapman.
In this connection I beg the indulgence of the
House to read the sitting Delegate's objection to
the De Soto return, and the proof he oners; and
also the evidence by which I sustain this vote.
On page 41 of the majority report, Mr. Chap-
man says:
" That' it is essential that a poll-book should be kept,' is
admitted by contestant in his statement filed on the 14th
instant. That one should be transmitted to the county
clerk is required by section fourteen of the election law.
That one wa$ kept at the De 8oto precinct, I deny; myself
or agent have never been shown one, though often solicited,
and even denied a list of the names of the persons who are
claimed to have voted at said precinct. That none was re-
turned to the county clerk or judge of probate, is shown by
the register of Washington county in his return to the sec-
retary, a copy of which appears among the papers filed by
contestant.
" It is true, contestant has filed a paper purporting to be a
copy of a poll-book kept at said De Soto at the election
aforesaid, and endeavors to establish its authenticity by an
affidavit, taken ex ■parte before D. McDonald, proliate judge
of said couuty. To an ex parte statement, made by one of
the conspirator* before one of his confederates IB prove a
material point in this case, ( certainly object, and especially
so when said pretended copy of poll-book conflicts in its
statement of the officers of the board of election wiih a cer-
tified copy furnished me by the registerofsaid Washington
county of the return made to said register from said DeSoto
precinct, and which I now submit, (marked No. 4;) and
further, sections four and five of the act regulating elections
heretofore referred to, require that the 'board of election
shall have the qualification of electors at each election pre-
cinct,' which was not the case in this instance, if the
names given in the certificates above referred to are cor-
rect."
On page 19 of the report you may see the three
extra-judicial certificates of the register. They
are too long for me to now read. These are extra-
judicial clearly. The register had just before
given the certified abstract of the vote of the
whole county as canvassed by the county can-
vassers, and which the law made it his duty to
send to the secretary of the Territory. Anything
"further, as a part of the return from him, was not
called for by the law. That a poll-book was kept
at De Soto, 1 have clearly established, as may be
seen by reference to the legal certificate of one of
the judges of that precinct who, by the law, is
made the legal custodian of one of the poll-books,
whose official character is established by the cer-
tificate of D. McDonald, judge of probate for that
county, who, by law also, is authorized to make
such certificates,and to McDonald's official char-
acter, see on page 34, the certificate of T. B. Cum-
ing, Secretary of the Territory. He, by law, is
the proper territorial officer to hold the certificates
, of election of all judges of probate, and to make
j the certificate of the fact of their yet acting, &c.
After setting out a full list of the names of the
| votes, the judges and clerks of the precinct, with
the certificate of S. Cass, the acting probate judge,
of their qualification to act as said officers, &c„
on page 32, we read:
Dk Soto Precinct,
Washington County, Territory of Nebraska :
i hereby certify that I was one of the legally-appointed
and authorized judges of election at De Soto precinct, and
acted as such on the 6th day of November, A. D. 1S.V>, when
candidates for Delegate to Congress, representatives, and
other officers, were voted for, and that the foregoing is a
true copy of the poll-book, containing the names of per-
sons who voted at said precinct of De Soto on Uie said Ctb
■ day of November, A. D. IMS.  
Given under iny hand this 15th da\T>f February, A. D. 1855.
levi yeoman,
Judge of Election,
1 County of Washinotow, Territory of Nebraska, ss :
\ I hereby certify that Levi Yeoman was one of the legally-
< appointed and authorized judges of the election held at
De Soto precinct, in Washington county, Nebraska Terri-
tory, and acted as such on the 6th day of November, A. D.
| 1855, when candidates for delegate to Congress, representa-
tives, and other officers, were voted for at said precinct.
Given under my hand and seal this 15th day of February,
A. D. 1855.
[l. s.] d. mcDONALD,
Judge of Probate in and for Washington county, N. T.
i hereby certify that D. McDonald, whose name appears
above, was duly elected probate judge for the county of
Washington, in Nebraska Territory, at the election held in
said county, November 6,1855, and is now acting as said
probate judge.
Witness my hand and the great seal of the Territory,
at Omaha City, this 16th 'day of February, A. !>.
1856. T.B. CUMING,
Secretary of Nebraska Territory.
Such is the chain of record testimony termed
by the sitting Delegate ex parte! And such is the
testimony sought to be overthrown by extra-
'• judicial certificates.
j Just in this connection, I will read an extract
from the Book of Contested-Election Cases, on
| page 116—the case of David Bard, of Pennsylva-
nia—in which it was held that, " Where the final
return is informal, the committee may call for
primary returns; and, from them, make an esti-
mate of thfe votes, as the judges themselves might
| have done; provided, the election itself was reg-
ular! y held. f
, This poll-book is a primary return, and this isa
pertinent authority to establish my right to have
this vote counted for me. The sitting Delegate's
empty assertions, unsupported by any evidence
; whatever of illegality in the conduct of this poll,
j will not surely outweigh my record testimony in
the production of the poll-book itself well autnen-
! ticated.
| I therefore conclude the vote at this precinct
' should be counted, which gives me undoubtedly
j a majority of five in Washington county, just as
| he return shows.
I pass on to notice, next, the vote of Richard-
son county. In this county the sitting Delegate
' reliqs solely on the affidavit of his friend, the
i Hon. J. L. Sharp, before referred to by me; this
is all the attempt he has made aUtestimony to take
from me the vote of this county. He offers none
1 other. He has none. Why did he not hee4 my
notice to him, and appear in this county, when I
took testimony there under the regulations of the
law of 1851 ? I took depositions there concerning
the election. He took an affidavit here, in this
i city, without notice to me, and after the majority
report was made and printed. The question is,
will the House consider and rely upon ex parte
testimony? If it does, I may as well at once
give up beaten, and go norae. I should have this
only to gratify me, that 1 had learned something
new, which may be of great benefit and service
to me hereafter—viz: the supreme efficacy of ex
parte affidavits of partisan friends in determining
