970
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 29,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kelsey.
Ho. of Reps.
THE SLAVERS' QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. KELSEY,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik thk House of Representatives,
July 29,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. KELSEY said:
Mr. Chairman: We are now in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and all mat- ,
ters that relate to the welfare of the Union are :
proper subjects for discussion. There are several
topics upon which I desire to express my views,
but the brief period allowed me to address the
committee, combined with the state of my health
this evening, admonishes me that J shall be un-
able to toucn upon more thnn oneor two of them.
Sir, I do not stand here for the purpose of
questioning the claims of either the " Demo-
cratic" or the " American" parties ^that kind '
of " nationality" which appears to obtain so :
much favor on the other side of the House. I |
have no doubt they are both "sound" on the sub- ,
ject of slavery, as that expression is understood
at the South.
1 listened to the arguments of the gentlemen
from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox and Mr. Burnett,]
who discussed this question—the one on Friday
evening, and the other Last evening—and I con-
fess that each of them succeeded in satisfying
me that he was right; at least so far as his own
candidate for President is concerned. They each
demonstrated, I think, that in case Mr. Fillmore
or Mr. Buchanan shall be elected, the South will
have reason lobe perfectly satisfied. Mr. Fremont
is the only candidate before the people, for the
office of President, who, if elected, will oppose the
further extension of slavery. Fully believing
this, and that he comes up to the Jeffersonian
standard of qualification for office — that he is
honest, capable, and faithful to the Constitution—
I support nim.
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of
making a presidential speech. I prefer to discuss
principles, rather than parties or men; and as
there is one great question before the American
people that overshadows all others, I will direct
my attention to that. All other questions are
collateral or subordinate to it in the public mind
at this time. That question is, Shall slavery be
extended into the free Territories of the United
States ?
Gentlemen from the South tell us that they ask
no legislation for the purpose of exteuding sla-
very, but at the same time they claim a construc-
tion of the Constitution, and of the laws already
in existence, that would render any legislation in
behalf cf slavery extension entirely superfluous.
Almost every gentleman who has spoken on
that side of the House has made this claim, by
insisting that they have the right to go into the
common Territories of the United States and take
their " property" with them. One gentleman [Mr.
Warner] from Georgia, in the Boldest, as well
as the ablest speerch that 1 have listened to on this
subject, discarded the specious phrase used by
most of his associates, and took his position in
the following tanguage. He says:
" 1 shall endeavor to maintain and to demonstrate that,
in accordance witit those fundamental principles, my con-
stituents have both the legal and equitable right to take
their slave property into the common territory of this Union',
and to have it protected there; and that this Government
has no power under the Constitution to deprive them of that
right."
Now, sir, I take issue with the gentleman upon
this proposition-, and as it claims for slaveholders
the right to spread slavery over all the Territories
of the United States, by merely emigrating to
* those Territories with their slaves, it becomes
necessary for us to inquire by what tenure that
• institution exists anywhere, and how it has
acquired this right of unlimited expansion? It
is manifest that the Constitution of the United
States did not create slavery—for slavery existed
before the Constitution was made. The Consti-
tution does not uphold slavery, because each
State has an undoubted right to abolish it within
its own limits, and wherever its exclusive juris-
diction extends.
Sir, the institution of slavery was established
and is Upheld wholly by force—by the power of
the stronger over the weaker. It never can exist
unless one man, or one class or race of men have
conquered and subdued another man, or class or >
race of men, and compelled them to obey the '
laws prescribed by the conquerors. When the j
conqueror has deprived the conquered of the " in- i
alienable right " to "liberty and the pursuit of j
happiness, the relation of master ana slave ex- I
ists, but not till then. This relation can only be ]
upheld by actual force, or by legal enactment, j
or by long continued usage, recognized by the !
supreme power in the State, which has all the ;
force and effect of positive law; and it can only
exist where the master has absolute and exclu-
sive jurisdiction.
If this institution exists by virtue of State laws,
then it extends no further than the jurisdiction of
the States by whose laws it is upneld extends, :
And in the States where it exists, I have no !
purpose to interfere with it. But I deny the right;
or the power of citizens of slave States to carry ;
their slave laws into United States Territories by ]
emigrating to those Territories with their slaves.
They claim the right to go where the power that
makes and upholds their slave laws has no juris-
diction, where there is no law sanctioning sla-
very, and there claim the right to hold their slaves.
Let us illustrate this proposition. Suppose a
citizen of Georgia should remove with his slaves
into a Territory of the United States: he must
continue to hold them in the Territory, because
the laws of Georgia have conferred on him the
power to do so. But suppose that Georgia, after
his removal, should abolish slavery, (a very im-
probable tiling, I admit:) could that act reach or
in any way affect the owner of slaves who had
emigrated from Georgia into a Territory of the
United States? Most clearly it could not,'because
he would be beyond her jurisdiction, and no
longer her citizen. We should then have this
singular state of thipgs—that the State of Georgia
had conferred power, which she could not revoke,
to be exercised within Territories over which she
had no jurisdiction, by persons over whom she
had ceased to have any control; and slavery
would exist in the United States Territories under
and by virtue of the laws of a State that had dis-
carded the system for itself; and as the gentle-
man's doctrine denies that the General Govern-
ment has any power under the Constitution to
prevent the introduction of slavery into the Ter-
ritories, or to abolish it when once there, it fol-
lows that citizens of the slaveholding States have
the exclusive control of the question, whether sla-
very shall exist in the Territories or not. •
Is this the " equality of the citizens of all the
States," about which we have had so much elo-
quent declamation during the present session on
this floor? Is there no sectionalism in claiming
for citizens of the slaveholding States the exclusive
power to determine whether slavery shall go into
the Territories or not ?
Sir, it has been repeatedly shown by gentlemen
on this side of the House, that the framersof our
Constitution regarded and treated slavery as an
^vil that would, in the course of time, cease to
exist by the voluntary action of the States where
it was tolerated, and not as an institution to be
cherished and extended and perpetuated; and that
least of all did they imagine that they had left this
evil the power of indefinite expansion, with no
power, anywhere, to check or control it. I shall
therefore spend no time in endeavoring to demon-
strate the truth of these propositions, but will pro-
ceed to examine some other positions assumed in
his argument by the gentleman from Georgia.
He says:
"It will be recollected that the Federal Constitution wag
not established to create new rights, but to secure and pro-
tect existing rights. Hence it is material to inquire, what
were the rights of the people of the slaveholding States in
regard to their slave property, before and at the time of the
adoption of that Constitution ? I shall maintain, and under-
take to establish, that the title of my constituents to their
slave property is not based upon any positive law of the
State, but that it rests for its foundation upon the universal
law of nations, which recognized slaves as projierty, before
and at the time of the adoption of the Constitution. That
before and at the tune of the adoption of the Constitution,
the citizens of the Slate of Georgia—the same being a sov-
ereign, independent State—had the undoubted right, ac-
cording to the well-established principles of international
law—to take their slave property into any foreign territory:
provided there was no law in that foreign territory jirohibit-
in° its introduction there, anil to have u protected in such
foreign territory—that the law of nations was adopted as a
part of the common law in the original Thirteen tft.ues. con-
stituting a part of the law of the land before ami at the tune
of the adoption of the Federal Coni-titution."
Sir, the Constitution was established not only
to protect " existing rights," but to define, to
some extent, what those rights were. The Con-
stitution, and the whole theory of our Govern-
ment, are based upon the great fundamental truth,
that all men are created with an equality of rights.
The battles of the Revolution were fought to es-
tablish this principle, and the Constitution was
adopted to uphold and maintain it. The Consti-
tution did not abolish slavery in the States, nor
did it abolish any of the municipal laws of the
States. But that instrument is, in itself, a strin-
gent penal statute against any infringement of the
right of persona] freedom, within the Territories
over which it has exclusive jurisdiction.
The gentleman says that the title of his con-
stituents " to their slave property is' not based
upon any positive law of the State, but that it rests
for its foundation upon the universal law of na-
tions, which recognized slaves as property, before
and at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion;" and " that the law of nations was adopted
as a part of the common law in the original thir-
teen States, constituting a part of the law of the
land at the time of the adoption of the Federal
Constitution."
Now, sir, I deny that we have incorporated
into our system any principle, whether recog-
nized by the law of nations or not, that is at war
with the great principle of the equality of human
rights. We have not adopted the principle that
kings rule by divine right; we do not recognize
the hereditary right of one class of men to make
our laws. And yet the " universal l&w of nations"
recognized botn these principles " before and
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution,"
just as fully as it recognized slavery. Sir, our
Government was founded upon principles radi-
cally different from any nation on earth. Our
doctrine is, that " Governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed." In
no other nation was this principle recognized and
acted upon at the time our Government was
formed. And how can it be said that we have,
by implication, adopted principles and laws that
are directly antagonistic to the fundamental prin-
ciples of our Government. Sir, whatever there
was in the law of nations antagonistic to our
system, was abolished, so far as we are con-
cerned, by our Constitution.
It has become quite fashionable for gentlemen
on this floor to-sneer at the great leading princi-
ples announced in the Declaration of Independ-
ence—at the " self-evident" truths upon which
our political system is founded; because those
truths stand like a wall of fire across their path,
to arrest the further spread of human slavery.
Let gentleman reflect that the Declaration of In-
dependence did not create those principles—it only
adopted and announced what was already true—
as the foundation of our political - system. If
those principles are not sound, our revolutionary
fathers were rebels against rightful authority,
and our' Revolution was only a successful rebel-
lion. But if those principles are sound and right,
then the institution of slavery must be regarded
now as it was regarded by the framers of the
Constitution—as an evil to be got rid of, not as
an institution to be cherished and extended. Sir,
the people of this nation have never adopted
sla^ry as a national institution. Such a claim
was never put forth in its behalf until it was
feared that all other means might fail of subjecting
Kansas to that interest. But now it is claimed,
with the utmost assurance, that no man or party
"can be national in their views unless they sub-
scribe to the doctrine, that citizens of the slave
States have the right to spread slavery in the
Territories wherever they may see fit to go, and
that there is no power in the Government to pre-
vent them from doing so. And this right is con-
ferred on them by the law of nations, the gentle-
man tells us. Sir, the gentleman has not told us
when or how the law of nations became incor-
porated into, and became a part of, the municipal
laws of this Government; and even if he is cor-
rect in basing the title to slave property upon
