972
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. op Reps.
as much exhausted,and more so, than those cul-
tivated by slave labor, for the reason that they
have not the same force to keep them in the
proper condition, and to prevent the effects which
result from the cultivation of the cotton crops.
They have not the force to make hillside ditches,
and prevent their lands from washing, to which
they are much exposed in consequence of the
necessary light culture in the production of the
cotton crop. The same result precisely happens,
whether the lands are cultivated by slave or by
free labor.
Mr. KELSEY. I am not familiar with the
cultivation of the crops alluded to by the gentle-
man; but I do not suppose they are more exhaust-
ing to the soil than many of the crops cultivated
at the North by free labor, and where their sys-
tem of husbandry, instead of impoverishing,
enriches the land. And if the same system of
husbandry were resorted to with these crops, I
have no doubt that the same results would follow.
But that system of cultivation never will be re-
sorted to until a system is inaugurated that shall
pay to labor its just reward. It is cultivation by
the arm of the intelligent free laborer, that will
enrich and notimpoverish the soil of any country.
But suppose we give up all the Territories to
slavery: will that satisfy its demands? No; for
the gentleman tells us it " cannot be confined
within certain specified limits without producing
the destruction of both master and slave." And
when the Territories have been overrun — when
the wood has been consumed, and the soil worn
out, slavery must spread stilt further, or cease
to exist. If it is to spread still farther, where
shall it go? If there is no virgin soil except
within free States, it must have that. The plea
of necessity will be still stronger then than it is
now, and will be pressed with more urgency and
backed by more power.
Sir, this question must be met and settled now.
And in my judgment there is but one basis upon
which it can be settled so that it will remain set-
tled. The absolute sovereignly of the General
Government over the Territories must be admit-
ted, as it always has been practically admitted,
until this controversy was forced upon us; and
the duty of this Government to exclude slavery
from free territory must be acknowledged and
performed. The manner in which that duty shall
oe performed is not very material, provided it is
done speedily and effectually. There is one way
of effecting this object that ought to be entirely
satisfactory to the advocates of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, who have sustained that measure upon
the ground that it left the people of those Terri-
tories at liberty to settle this question for them-
selves; and that way is to admit Kansas into the
Union with her present free constitution. Her
people have settled this question for themselves,
notwithstanding her territory has been invaded,
her territorial government usurped, and her citi-
zens lynched and murdered. The freemen of
Kansas have decided in favor of freedom, and
they call on you to redeem your pledges, and
admit them into the Union. But they have not
decided this question as you wished, and you
hesitate to redeem your promises. You tell us,
and the President tells us, this constitution was
made by a party, and therefore Kansas must not
be admitted. Well, sir, how many State consti-
tutions have been made that were not made by a
party? Is there a single one now in existence
that was not framed by delegates, a large major-
ity of whom were elected by a party vote, and
in a large majority of cases have not those con-
stitutions been adopted by a party vote?
But the President and his friends tell us, that
neither Congress nor the Territorial Legislature
authorized the people of Kansas to form this
constitution. And this objection is urged by the
advocates of "squatter sovereignity. What!
gentlemen, do you object to the squatter sover-
eigns exercising the power you have so lately
insisted that they possess? If the inhabitants of
a Territory really have the right of sovereignty
in that Territory, will you presume to dictate to
them when or how they shall exercise that
power? You repudiate the principle of squatter
sovereignty the moment you attempt any dicta-
tion to or interference with them in this matter.
True, you never have practically acknowledged
tha.  the inhabitants of this Territory possess the
right of sovereignty over it. You nave retained
the control of the executive and judicial branches
of their Government, while pretending to give
them full power over all subjects of legislation,
or, as you say in your Kansas-Nebraska act,
you leave them perfectly free to form their own
local and domestic institutions. But what a
perfect mockery is this declaration, if the positions
taken by the gentleman from Georgia are correct!
In the Kansas-Nebraska act, you say the people
of those Territories shall determine whether they
will have slavery or not. The gentleman from
Georgia says that the people of the slave States
have the right to determine that question by taking
their slaves into the Territories, and there holding
them as property; and that you not only cannot
Ere vent them from doing so, but that you are
ound to protect them in doing it.
I have no doubt that the doctrine of the gen-
tleman from Georgia is now the doctrine of the
Democratic party. The interests of slavery re-
quire that the doctrine of " squatter sovereignty"
should now be abandoned, and it has been done
by the very men who brought it into existence.
The doctrines of the gentleman from Georgia
settle this question, practically and forever, in
favor of the claims of slavery, and therefore they
will be adopted. Some northern Democrats may
object to this at first, but they will eventually
yield, as they always have yielded to such de-
mands, to preserve the " nationality" of their
party, and to " save the Union !"
Mr. WARNER. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me—I have not maintained the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty, in the general
acceptation of that term.
Mr. KELSEY. I did not impute to the gen-
tleman that he maintained" that doctrine. My
point was, that the doctrine of squatter sovereignty
had been repudiated by the Democratic party,
and that the doctrines laid down some time ago
by the gentleman had been adopted by the Dem-
ocratic party in its stead.
Mr. WARNER. 1 repudiate the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty. I hold that, in the organ-
ization of the Territories, the people of the Ter-
ritories can ejifcrcise no other powers than those
delegated to them. My position is, that the
Territories are the common property of the peo-
ple of all the States of the Union; but that so
long as they remain in their territorial condition,
Congress has no power to discriminate against
the people of one section of the Confederacy;
that they shall remain as property common to all
until such time as they shall assemble in conven-
tion, with the assent of Congress, to form a State
constitution to be admitted into .the Union as
States, when the people may then decide whether
they shall have slavery or not. The southern
people have no desire to establish slavery in any
territorysbut to have the people of all the States
perfectly free to settle that common territory with
their property, and, when they come to form a
State constitution, to decide the question of
slavery for themselves.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 agree with the gentleman
from Georgia that Congress has no right to dis-
criminate between the people of the different sec-
tions of the country, in permitting them to go
into the Territories of the United States. My
position is that Congress shall prevent any such
discrimination as would permit the citizens of one
section to carry with them the laws of the States
from which they emigrate, while the citizens of
other sections can do no such thing.' I insist
on real equality of rights for the citizens of all
sections of the country.
But, sir, the Union is always in peril when
there is any serious objection to granting all that
the interests of slavery demand. And the gen-
tleman tells us, in his speech, that the people of
Georgia have assembled in convention, and sol-
emnly resolved that if Congress shall pass a law
excluding them from the common territory with
their slave property, they will disrupt the ties
that bind them to the Union. And this is not a
" threat," the gentleman tells us; for Georgia
never threatens. But it is the same, in substance,
as the " threats" or dissolving the Union that we
have heard at intervals for the last twenty-five
years. This is probably intended, by the people
of Georgia, merely as a warning. But whether
intended as a warning or a threat, it is a produc-
tion that has often emanated from the slave States
—South Carolina and Georgia having produced
their full share of the article. But 1 can assure
the gentleman that, so far as I know the views of
the people of the North, neither these threats nor
warnings will have any effect upon them. They
will not subscribe to the doctrine, that slavery has
the right to expand itself over the Territories, in
despite of the legislation of Congress; they will
not consent to any further extension of slavery,
under any pretense, or in view of any alternative
whatever.
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. C. BURNETT,
OP KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
July 28, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BURNETT said:
Mr. Chairman: Until the past few days I had
determined not to occupy the time of the House
with any remarks from me at this session. But,
sir, the fearful issues which certain political par-
ties have precipitated upon the country in the
present presidential contest, warns me that this
is not the time for a representative of the people
to be silent.
j We have now, Mr. Chairman, the anomalous
aspect of three political parties presenting candi-
dates for the highest office in the gift of the people.
One of the parties, the Republican party, has
j the entirety of its organization at the North. It
i is emphatically a sectional party. The conven-
tion which presented its candidates was sectional,
having within its numbers no member from the
South, unless a few stray Abolitionists who were
( there from my State and Virginia, could be gal-
vanized by its powers, lacking constituencies, into
the dignity of delegates. It is, then, a sectional
party, as are its candidates sectional, banded
together to wage an unholy war against the integ-
rity of,the Constitution, and to commit wanton
aggressions on the South.
j Such, sir, is the infamy of their purpose. I
j shall strip the wolves of theirahecp'sclothing,and
expose them in all their naked deformity to the
! penetration of the public gaze. They are keeping
1 up agitation by all manner of means, legitimate
and illegitimate, to elevate to the highest point
the inflammable nature of the public rnind at the
j North, that, in the insanity of action arising from
such a condition, they may elevate their candi-
dates to the high places in the temple. They
have been clamoring about violations of plighted
faith, sacredness of compacts, compacts conse-
, crated by the sanction of the great statesmen of
the country, and all such sentimentality as that.
Sir, I deny that the Missouri compromise was a
j compact. A compact is a mutual agreement be-
tween nations or States. The so-called compro-
I mise of 1820 possessed no such element of sanctity.
| Let us see what the history of that compro-
mise was.
! In 1819 Missouri applied for admission into the
Union, with slavery sanctione(rty her constitu-
tion. When a bill admitting her came before the
House, the North placed upon it a condition abol-
ishing slavery. It went to the Senate, and the
restriction was stricken out. A disagreement
ensued between the Houses, and the bill was lost.
In 1820 Missouri renewed her application, and
the same condition abolishing slavery was applied
in the House. About the same time, a bill passed
the House, admitting Maine without a restric-
tion, which went to the Senate, and was amended
by a committee of that body, so as to admit Mis-
souri without any restriction. An effort to strike
out this amendment of the committee in the Sen-
ate failed. At that point, Mr. Thomas, a Senator
from Illinois, introduced the celebrated Missouri
! restriction; which prevailed, and thus amended,
the bill went to the House. There the majority
! from the North refused to concur in the Senate's
, amendment, and insisted upon the clause prohib-
