1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. or Reps.
represent* majority of the American parly of the
nauon, when, in fact, it was an emanation from
b minority of the electoral vote represented in
that convention. Upon this twelfth section sub-
terfuge, -Mr. Chairman, they went into the fight
in the South. It was there represented as the
national platform of the American party. At the
JJorth it was repudiated, and there anti-slavery
was the sole issue that the American party made
tiie fight on. And yet, sir, every triumph at the
North was hailed at the South as a great Ameri-
can victory. Their connection was still kept up.
Bv tluis dealing with the people in a double sense,
they curried my State, elected the Governor by
an overwhelmin; majority of the Legislature, six
members of Congress, and a few members of
Congress in other southern States.
Sir, I told ihe people of my district,upon every
stump, that the Know Nothings were deceiving
them; that the party was not a national party; ana
that, as it existed in the South in reference to the
subject of slavery, it had no existence elsewhere,
and that on that vital subject the party North and
South had no feeling in common. Warmly did
the Know Nothing orators repudiate this, what
they conceived to be an imputation on their party.
How truthfully have my representations of it been
verified! They met here together in December;
they could not agree in the election of a Speaker.
Eighty-four of them voted for Banks, the philoso-
pher on the subject of the races; and a few strag-
gling northerners, with the South Americans,
voting for Fuller, so-called National American,
but whose past political history is as strong against
the South as that of any anti-slavery politician of
his day. It is enough for me to say, Mr. Chair-
man, of Mr. Fuller, the Kentucky and other
southern Know Nothing's candidate for Speaker,
that during that contest he voted almost contin-
uously for Alexander C. M. Pennington, who,
as a member of the last Congress, voted to bring
in a bill to repeal the fugitive slave law. 1 will
not detain the House by going iuto his antece-
dents. That vote, sir, is enough for me; it is
enough to condemn every southern man who
voted for him.
Mr. Chairman, let it be recollected that, on the
final vote which was to decide whether Nathan-
iel P. Banks was to be the Speaker, two south-
ern Know Nothings threw away their votes on
Mr. Fuller, and indirectly aidea in Mr. Banks's
election; that all of the northern, so-called Na-
tional Know Nothings, who were present, thus
threw away their votes; that Mr. Fuller himself
also, though in the House, did not vote; and sev-
eral' of the southern Americans did not vote for
Governor Aiken until it was known that their
votes would not elect him, and then they gave
their votes, and appeared on the record in favor
of him. I merely submit these facts to the con-
sideration of the people, to let them draw their
own conclusions as to whether many of the
Know Nothings, North and South, did not alike
rather see Banks elected to the Speakership than
a national man like Governor Aiken.
And now, Mr. Chairman, let us see from the
record what the history of the candidate of the
American party, Mr. Fillmore, is, in relation to
the subject of slavery.
First, 1 will read his Erie letter, committing
him fully to the most odious doctrines of the anti-
slavery party of the North:
BorrALO, October 17,1838.
8t*: Your communication of ihe Ukh instant, as chair-
man of the committee appointed by tbe " Ann Slavery
Society of tli« county of Erie," h adjust come to hand. You
solicit my answer to the following interrogatories:
I. Do you believe that petitions to Congress on tbe sub-
ject of slavery and tbe *iave trade ought to be received,
read, and respectfully considered by the representatives of
tbe people ?
II. Are yoa opposed to the annexation of Texas to this
Union, under any circumstance*, so long as slaves are
held therein
ill. Are you in favor of Congress exercising all the Con-
stitutional power* t( possesses to abolish the internal slave
trade between the States/
IV. Are you in favor of immediate legislation for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia ?
Answer:—1 aui much engaged, aiid have no time to
ent'.T into ;in argument or explain at length my reasons for
niv opincm*. I shall, therefore, content mwelf, for the
p*e*ent.by atwwenne all your interrogatories in the affirm-
ative, and if&ve for *ome future occasion a more extended
discussion on the subject*
millard fillmore.
Let us recollect that thia letter was written to
a member of the Erie County Abolition Society,
and that it evidences the most ultra species of
pandering to the vilest anti-slavery sentiments.
Not a measure could be conceived in the worst
abolition mind, in antagonism to the South, but
what meets his approval in this letter. He wishes
in it the most incendiary abolition petitions to be
read, and engage the attention and time of the
House. Slavery must be abolished in Texas
before he would vote for her admission, the in-
ternal slave trade between the States must be
abolished, as must also slavery in the District of
Columbia. But, sir, this letter is not a series of
promises unkept. Every vote he gave in Con-
gress came up to its mark, and was cast to
, weaken the -South, and to strengthen the aboli-
tion sentiment of the country. Here, sir, is his
1 congressional record:
| On the 11th of December, 1838, Mr. Atherton
' asked leave to offer his celebrated resolutions,
| which Mr. Bynum, a leading Democrat in the
j House from the State of North Carolina said
" were sufficiently strong to secure every southern
interest, while they particularly forbore to en-
croach upon the rights of any other portion of
the Union." These resolutions declared that Con-
gress had no power over slavery in the States;
that abolition petitions were gotten up for the
purpose of destroying the institution of slavery
in the States; that the agitation of the subject of
slavery in the District of Columbia and the Ter-
ritories was against the true spirit of the Con-
stitution; that the Constitution rested upon the
broad principle of equality amongst the mem-
bers of the Confederacy; that Congress had no
right to discriminate between the institutions of
one portion of the States and another, with a view
of abolishing the one and promoting the other;
and that all attempts to do any of these things
was a violation of the Constitution, destructive
of the fundamental principle upon which the union
of these States rest, and beyond the jurisdiction
of Congress; and that all abolition petitions be
laid upon the table without being debated, printed,
or referred. Upon these resolutions, several votes
were taken in diversshapes,and upon eight votes
Mr. Fillmore is found voting adverse to the South
against the resolutions, and alongside of Joshua
R. Giddings, John Q.uincy Adams, Thomas Cor-
win, YVilliam Slade, and other black Abolitionists
of like character.
On the 13th of December of the same year,
Mr. Wise, of Virginia, offered a series of resolu-
tions declaring against the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, the abolition of the inter-
State slave trade, and the reception of abolition
petitions; affirming that the laws of Congress
alone govern in the prescription of the mode of
recovery of fugitive slaves; that Congress has no
power to impose the abolition of slavery upon a
State as a condition of its admission into the
Union; that the citizens of a slave State have the
right to take their slaves through a free State;
that the General Government is constitutionally
bound to protect them in such right; that the laws
of the non-slaveholding States in conflict with
such right were null and void. The motion to
suspend the rules for the introduction of these
resolutions was lost; Mr. Fillmore voting adverse
to the motion to suspend the rules, and against the
South, along \vith Mams, Giddivgs 8f Co.
On the same day, Mr. Slade, Molitionist, from
Vermont, moved resolutions against the slave
trade between the District of Columbia and the
States; against the same trade between the States,
and in favor of receiving, debating, printing, and
referring abolition petitions. On the motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing these
resolutions, which was lost, Mr. Fillmore again
voted against the South in favor of suspending
the rules, along with Mams, Giddings S{ Co.
On the 31st of December, i839, Mr. Coles
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose of
moving a resolution against the reception of abo-
lition petitions; which motion was lost; Mr. FtU-
ii more again voting against the South—against
Ij suspending the rules—along with Adams, Gid-
dings, Slade & Co.
On the 13th of January, 1840, Mr. Lincoln, of
Massachusetts, presented an abolition petition, I
which Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, moved to lay
on the table; which mot-ion was carried; Mr. I
Fillmore again voting with the Abolitionists, agai nst
the South, and in the negative. ■
On the next day, Mr. Thompson, of South
Carolina, moved a suspension of the rules to
introduce a resolution against the reception and
debating of abolition petitions; which was lost;
Mr. Fillmore again voting against the South, in
the negative, and with the Abolitionists.
On the 28t|^of ihe same month, the noted 21st
rule was adopted", which precluded the reception
or entertainment in any way of an abolition peti-
tion. On adopting this rule Mr. Fillmore again
voted against tne South, in the negative, and with
the Molitionists.
On the 9th of December, 1840, Mr. Adams, of
Massachusetts, moved a repeal of this last rule.
Mr. Jenifer, of Maryland, moved to lay the mo-
tion on the table; which was carried; Mr. Fillmore
voting in the negative, against the South, and
with the Jlboliti'inists.
On the 21st of January, 1841, Mr. Adams pre-
sented an abolition petition. Mr. Conner moved
to lay a part of it, not embraced within the effect
of the 2Jst rule, on the table. One vote was
taken in connection with this subject, on which
Mr. Fillmore again voted against the South, and
with the Molitionists.
On the 7th of January, 1842, Mr. Giddings
presented an abolition petition, to the reception
of which Messrs. Johnson, of Maryland, and
Wise, of Virginia, objected under the 21st rule.
Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina, moved to lay
its reception on the table; which was carried;
Mr. Fillmore again voting against the South, in
the negative, and with the Molitionists.
On the 21st of the same month, Mr. Adams
presented an abolition petition, praying the nat-
uralization of free negro foreigners, and that
they be allowed to hold real estate. Mr. Wise
moved to lay its reception on the table; which
motion was carried. Mr. Fillmore again voted
against the South, in the negative, ana with the
Molitionists.
On the 12th of December, 1842, Mr. Adams
called up his motion to rescind the 21st rule.
Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, moved to lay it on
the table, which motion was carried; Mr. Fill-
more again voting against the South^jn the nega-
tive, and with the Molitionisls.
On the 3d of January, 1843, Mr. Morgan
moved a resolution instructing the Committee on
Territories to bring in a bill repealing a certain
act of the Territorial Legislature of Florida, fire-
venting the immigration of free negroes into that
Territory. Mr. Black moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; which was carried; Mr. Fill-
more again voting against the South, in the neg-
ative, and with the Molitionists.
On the 23d of February, Mr. Briggs, of Massa-
chusetts, asked for a suspension of the rules to
introduce a resolution instructing the Committee
on the Judiciary to bring in a bill repealing the
same act of the Legislature of Florida. The mo-
tion to suspend the rules was lost, Mr. Fillmore
again voting against the South,in the affirmative,
and with the Molitionists.
Mr. Chairman, I submit to this House, and to
the country, if this record, which is taken from
the Congressional Globe of the dates I have men-
tioned, and which may also be seen in the Jour-
nal of the House of those dates, does not prove
Mr. Fillmore an Abolitionist at heart of the deep-
est dye—if it does not fix him indelibly upon
the record as having voted to sustain the recep-
tion, discussion, printing, ar.d action on by Con-
gress, of petitions to effect the following purposes ?
The abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the District of Columbia.
The abolition of the inter-State slave trade.
The non-admission of slave States.
The making of slaves free who are in transitu
from one slave State to another on sea.
The making of foreign negroes naturalized
citizens.
The right of foreign negroes to hold real estate.
And, Mr. Chairman, in audition to these propo-
sitions, 1 hold that, by his vote on the various
resolutions which 1 nave mentioned, he com-
mitted himself to the following doctrines:
That abolition petitions are not a part of a plan
of operations to affect and destroy the institution
of slavery within the State*.
