1856]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
977
34th Conj....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. or Reps.
Congressi with one or two exceptions. The
Kentucky delegation in both Houses voted for it;
it was sustained in every election at the South,
not • single county could have been carried by
the Know Nothings of my State, had they de-
nounced the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Aud yet, sir, after their election, turning their
backs upon their pledges indorsing that repeal,
they met in Philadelphia, and adopted a platform,
the thirteenth section of which declares " opposi-
tion to the reckless and unwise policy of the
Administration," * * * "as shown in re-
opening sectional agitation by the repeal of the
Missouri compromise." Yes, sir, these men
who owe their present position here to their un-
qualified approbation of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, meet in national council, and
join in denouncing it. On this section, and the
repeal of the twelfth section of the platform of
1835, Mr. Fillmore was nominated; and the
southern men who support him " have registered
an edict against themselves." But, sir, let-us
look into this seventh section, adopted in lieu of
the twelfth section, and*see its rottenness. The
seventh section says:
" Ttie recognition of the ri|ht of the native-bom and
naturalised citizens of the 1,'mted States, permanently re-
siding in any Temuwy thereof, to frame tlieir constitution
Had laws, and to regulate their domestic and social affairs
in their own inodr, subject only to the provisions of the
Federal Constitution, with the right of admission into the
Union whenever they have the requisite population for one
Representative ia Congress: Provided aiinrvi, That none
bat those who are citizens of the United States, under the
Constitution and laws thereof, and who have a fixed resi-
dence in any snch Territory, ought to participate in the
tarnation of a constitution, or in the enactment of laws,
for said Territory or State."
Can you find anything in that about slavery ?
Not once does the important word appear. Not
an iota about the Kansas-Nebraska bill. But
once in the whole platform does the Kansas act
occur to their minds, and that is in the thirteenth
section, which I have commented upon,denounc-
ing the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Then, sir, in the opinion of this American
party the repeal of the Missouri compromise was
wrong. If it was wrong to repeal it, it is right
to restore it. The South indorsed the repeal.
Mr. Fillmore was opposed to it—the platform of
the party upon which he stands denounces it.
The South, then, and Mr. Fillmore, are antipo-
des. How, sir, can the South support him ? I
tell you, Mr. Chairman, that the present is not
the time when the South will sanction any double-
dealing on this subject. She must have a man
square on the Kansas question. She despises
the man who would believe the repeal of die Mis-
souri compromise wrong, and not strike for its
restoration. She believes that the principles of
the Kansas and Nebraska bill will not be fairly
tested under an Administration headed by a man
that was opposed to its enactment. To speak
out plain, sir, I believe, and am of opinion, that
the southern people believe that Millard Fillmore
would not do justice to the South in this import-
ant connection. Can any man on this floor from
the South, who is supporting him for the Presi-
dency, give me the exact position of Mr. Fill-
more on this subject? Will some southern Know
Nothing tell me what Mr. Fillmore would do with
a bill restoring the Missouri compromise? I pause
for a reply. There is no answer. By your fail-
ure, Know Nothings from the South, to answer
this question, you nave placed yourselves in the
position of recommending a man for the Presi-
dency to your people of whose opinions on this
vital subject you know nothing. You are culpa-
ble of the charge of going it blind in an alarming
crisis. He would sign a bill restoring the Mis-
souri compromise. He would make Kansas free.
He would be true to his anti-slavery record, in
which, as I have shown, he indorsed the Mis-
souri compromise, by voting against a resolution
that Congress had no power to impose the aboli-
tion of slavery within the limits of a State, as a
condition of her admission into the Union. He
speaks here in this House through the mouth of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunk,]
the former his old law partner, and his bosom
friend, personal and political. The southern
Know Nothings indulged themselves with him
as an orator at their meeting in this city the other
New Series—No. 62.
night. And yet, sir, that is nothing strange when
we recollect that my colleague [Mr. H. Mar-
shall] read Mr. Lewis D. Campbell out of the
American party for not standing on the twelfth
section, in the early part of the session; and after
that section is repealed we find him speaking from
the same stump at Georgetown, in this District,
with that notorious Black Republican whom he
had theretofore excommunicated from the Amer-
ican organisation.
The gentleman from Indiana heads the Fill-
more electoral ticket in the State of Indiana.
Both of them were elected as anti-Nebraska men
to this House. Neither of them would vote for
a Nebraska man for Speaker; indeed, they were
so sectional that they would not vote for a
southern man, notwithstanding their brother
Know Nothing, my colleague from the Louisville
district, {Mr. H. Marshall,] was a candidate.
One of them voted for Mr. Banks, at one time,
during the balloting.
These men represent Mr. Fillmore truly here.
Well, sir, what nave they done? The gentleman
from Indiana has initiated a revolutionary pro-
ceeding in this House to stop the wheels of Govern-
ment until the Missouri compromise ia restored.
He objected, the other day, to the passage of
the civil and diplomatic bill until that thing was
done. Not a dollar will he vote out of the Treas-
ury until the Missouri compromise is restored.
The fiscal year has expired; the Government is
embarrassed for the want of appropriations to go
on; the Fillmore elector of the State of Indiana
says it shall not have a cent, as long as he can
defeat it by parliamentary tactics, until the South
is excluded from Kansas. In the same speech in
which he announced that revolutionary purpose,
he said it was for the purpose of restoring peace
to the country that he wanted the Missouri com-
promise reinstated; and he believed the election
of Fillmore would be more conducive to the res-
toration of peace than that of Fremont.
Mr. Haven, Mr. Fillmore's law partner, an-
nounced, in reply to a question from the gentle
man from Missouri, [Mr. Kennett,] that he
would vote for a proposition fixing a qualification
to a resolution to adjourn, similar to that offered
by the gentleman from Indiana to the resolution
of the Senate, which provided that before the day
of adjournment the Missouri compromise should,
in terms or substance, be restored.
And, Mr. Chairman, let me refer to another
fact. The larger portion of the northern so-called
national Know Nothings voted for Mr. Dunn's
bill, restoring the Missouri compromise; amongst
them Mr. Fillmore^ particular friend, the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.] If the
northern national Know Nothing, who voted for
it, had voted against it, it would have been lost.
Thus we find that a proposition to restore the
Missouri compromise, introduced by a Fillmore
elector, was carried by the northern friends of
Mr. Fillmore. What think the Know Nothings
of the South of their northern brethren now?
And let me here, Mr. Chairman, introduce an
extract from the speech of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Clarke,] a supporter of Mr.
Fillmore, and a gentleman who is looked upon
here as the quintessence of national KnowNoth-
ingism in the North. This extract ' speak*
stronger in its own interpretation than I can. It
explains itself, and disarms the Know Nothings
of the South of one of their strongest arguments
against the worthy foreign and native Catholics
of the country:
lying itself with that power, and striving
success of its platform and its candidate, I cannot fail to
remark, that consistency demands from all who love the
Protectant principle opposition to the usurpations of sla-
very, no less than relentless hostility to the aggressions of
popery. They are twin demons; and, God helping me,
I am resolved, within the limits of constitutional action, to
give no quarter to either."
Does the South want any better evidence than
this of the real opinions of Mr. Fillmore on this
vital question ? His southern supporters admit
that they know nothing about it. Tne gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] every one will
admit, knows everything about the views of Mr.
Fillmore. The gentleman from Indiana would
not be an elector for him unless he knew what
would be his policy as to the restoration of the
Missouri compromise. These gentlemen, I sav,
who go for a revolutionary movement to exclude
the South from Kansas, would not support a man
of doubtful position on this question. Let the
people of the South ponder well on the lesson
which is read to them in the support of Mr. Fill-
more by these congressional revolutionists against
the rights of the South in Kansas.
Mr. Chairman, I briefly call the attention of
the House to another clause in the platform of the
late Know Nothing council, and I am done. It
denounces the granting to unnaturalized for-
eigners of the right of suffrage in Kansas and Ne-
braska. They stultify theirown candidates, Mr.
Chairman, by such a declaration as that; for on
the 2d of March, 1853, Mr. Fillmore approved a
bill constituting the Territory of Washington,
which gave aliens over twenty-one years of age
the right to vote, and to hold office in said Ter-
ritory.
Mr. Chairman, so far as the distinguished can-
didate of the Democratic party is concerned, it
is necessary to say but little about him. During
a long course of legislative life, he has been fore-
most amongst those true patriots from the North
who have ever opposed the inroads of abolition-
ism upon the Constitution, and has stood up in
maintenance of the constitutional rights of the
South. On the 7th of January, 1836, Mr. Buch-
anan presented a memorial from the Society of
Friends in Pennsylvania, praying the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbia, and in alluding to the petition said:
" What would be the effects of granting their request ? Yon
would thus erect a citadel in the very heart of these Stater
upon * territory which they have ceded to you for a far
different purpose, from which Abolitionists and incendiaries
could securely attack the peace and safety of their citizens;
you establish a spot within the slavebolding States, which
would be a city of refuge for runaway slaves; you eteate by
law a central point from which trains of gunpowder may be
securely laid extending into the surrounding States, which
may at any moment produce a destructive and fearful ex-
plosion. By passing such a law you introduce the enemy
into the very bosom of these two States, and afford them
every opportunity of producing a servile insurrection, la
there any reasonable man, who can for one moment sup-
pose, that Virginia and Maryland would have ceded tha
District of Columbia to the United States, if they had enter-
tained the slightest idea that Cdngress would have used it
for any such purpose ? They ceded it for your use, for your
convenience, and not for their own destruction. When
slavery ceases to exist under the laws of Virginia and Mary-
land, then, and not till then, ought it to be abolished in the
District of Columbia."
On the 11th of January, 1836, Mr. Buchanan
again urged the same objection to a similar me-
morial; and asked for a reference by which all
such petitions could be disposed of without de-
bate, " so as to put the exciting question at rest."
On the 4th of April, 1836, Mr. Buchanan urged
the passage of the bill admitting Arkansas into
the Union as a State, with a constitution estab-
lishing slavery.
On the 25th of April, 1836, Mr. Buchanan pre-
sented an abolition petition against the admission
of Arkansas into the Union with its pro-slavery
constitution, (stating that he himself had charge
of the tyll admitting Arkansas,) and moved to
lay the petition on the table.
On the 2d of March, 1836, Mr. Buchanan made
a powerful speech in favor of laying abolition pe-
titions on the table without debate.
On the 6th of February, 1836, he moved to lay
■even abolition petitions on the table without de-
bate.
In 1836, Mr. Buchanan supported a bill to pro-
hibit the circulation of abolition papers through
the mails.
In the same year he proposed and voted for tha
admission of Arkansas.
In January, 1838, Mr. Buchanan advocated and
voted for every one of Calhoun's celebrated reso-
lutions on the slavery question, defining the rights
of the States and the limits of Federal authority,
and affirming it to be the duty of the Government
toprotectana uphold the institutions of the South.
On the 18th of December, 1837, Mr. Buchanan
farther vindicated the policy of laying abolition
petitions on the table without discussion.
On the 13th of February, 1840, Mr. Buchanan
made a masterly speech in defense of his national
position on the slavery question.
On the 23d of May, 1836, Mr. Buchanan made
an able and eloquent defense of Texas in her
struggle with Mexico.
