982
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
as to be willing to prostrate any of the bamers which the
Constitution has reared against hasty and dangerous legisla-
tion ? No, sir; never was the value of the veto power more
manifest than at the present moment. For the weaker
portion of the Union, whose constitutional rights are now
assailed with such violpnce> to think of abandoning this
safeguard, would be almost suicidal."
In 1847-48, when the territorial questions were
shaking this Government to its very foundation,
and when southern men were in favor of running
the Missouri line through to the Pacific, this great
statesman gave it his warm and hearty approval.
This line would have given to the Soutn a fair ;
division of this territory. Upon it the most ultra
men of my section stood, and with them he stood,
and said that it would be just, equitable, and fair
to give it to us; and the people of the South well
remember that there was at that time something i
practical in the line of 3G° 30'. California, Utah, 1
and New Mexico would almost entirely have
fallen to the south of it. None understood its
effect better than northern men, and they there-
fore refused it. But in its stead, a majority of the
American Congress went back to the Constitu- ■
tion;and under that, refused to make a line be-
tween the two sections, but adopted the great
principle of self-government, and agreed that all ,
Territories thereafter formed into States might be j
admitted into the Union either with or without I
slavery, as the people thereof might determine.
And Pennaylvania s great statesman, with a
majority of the American people, put himself
upon this principle, in letter and in spirit, and
stands there to-day ready to maintain it as he
was in 1850; whilst his competitor for southern
votes thinks that it applied only to territory so
long as it produced free States south of 36° 30';
but when it went north, then it was a " calamity
brought upon the country for selfish or ambitious
objects."
To show that T do not mistake Mr. Buchanan
upon this subject, I will read what he said in
1850, to a Union meeting held in Philadelphia:
" The defeat of the Wilmot proviso, and the passage of
the fugitive slave law, are all the South have obtained by
the compromise. They asked for the Missouri compro-
mise, which it is known that, for one, 1 was always willing
to concede, believing this would be the most just, equitable,
and satisfactory arrangement of the territorial quesuon be-
tween tlie North and the South; but that hat patted away."
Here he says that the Missouri compromise
passed away in 1850; But this " second Washing-
ton," it now appears, never placed thatconstruc-
tion upon the bills of that day, and his letters and
speeches show that he is opposed to the Kansas
bill,in so far as it repeals the Missouri restriction;
and in all his campaign speeches this "model
President" never once expresses an opinion in
favor of this Nebraska bill. But, sir, the Demo-
cratic nominee understands the compromises of
1850as I understand them. He supports the Kan-
sas bill as the men of the North and of the South
support it; and should he be elected President of
the United States, he will restore peace and quiet
to a distracted and divided people—a result, sir,
which, in my judgment, no sane man can doubt,
and of which no patriot will have cause to com-
plain.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OP HON. JAMES A. STEWART,
OF MARYLAND, •
Ik thi'Hovii or Representatives,
July 23,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole On the
state of the Union—
Mr. STEWART said:
_Mr. Chairman: So far as I have the opportu-
nity, under the circumstances, I propose dispas-
sionately to discuss some of the principles which
lay at the foundation of our Government, more
especially as they apply to the status of negro
slavery as it existed at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution, anterior and subsequent thereto;
the establishment of territorial governments, and
the formation of new States, as an additional and
provisional element; with some general miscel-
laneous remarks, applicable to the disturbed state
of our affairs, and going to show that negro
slavery, as it has been employed here, has been
beneficial to the country, ana promotive of the
happiness of the negro race. In the course of my
argument, I shall undertake to demonstrate that
the Federal Government, the State and Territorial
governments, all being component parts and par-
cel,of one entirety, so far as social and municipal
regulations are concerned, are pro-slavery by ne-
cessary consequence; that no rightful and consti-
tutional power exists, under the system, to check
or limit the natural internal increase of slavery,
except through the State governments, either of
their own volition, or by an amendment of the
Federal Constitution,as therein provided for. The
General Government is merely possessed of del-
egated authority, limited to the specific objects
confided to its care. The residuum of power is
retained by the States or the people thereof. The
General Government certainly cannot impart an
authority it does not itself possess. " Potestas
delegata nonpotest delegari."
This Government may consent, in the exercise
of its express authority, that the territory in-
trusted to its management for a specific object,
may be occupied. Municipal government may
thus be organized by the people in the said ter-
ritory, not in conflict with the Constitution, or
the rights of the States, because the jurisdictional
authority of the Federal Government cannot, per
alium or per se, exceed constitutional limitation.
When the General Government does consent, the
original power in the people of the Territories
develops itself, as a matter of necessary conse-
quence, from the principle of inherent authority
in the people, qualified by its own acquiescence,
in totidem verbis, or from the very nature of the case,
through constitutional limitations. This native
power may be exercised, in a limited degree, by
the consent of the parties interested; that is, the
General Government, as the fiduciary of the peo-
ple of the States on the one side, and the people
of the Territory on the other, to be indicated Dy
the compact or organic law establishing the ter-
ritorial government. The said General Govern-
ment has no rightful power to prescribe for them
what sort of municipal regulations they shall
adopt; but is bound to protect the citizens thereof
in the possession and enjoyment of their property
of every description, slaves and other chattels
included; and cannot prohibit its introduction, or
discriminate between different kinds of property.
Negro slavery, with their other civil rights, is
necessarily carried with them into the Territories
by force of the compact of government between
the States, because that government over the
States, and the people thereof, is, in its protection
of the rights of property and citizenship, a com-
plete unit, and cannot make distinctions as to
different species Of property. If the people of the
Territories should assume upon themselves to
prohibit the introduction of the slavery institu-
tion before they had formed a State government,
such a proceeding would be a violation of the
constitutional rights of slaveholders. In such a
case, any citizen that chose to contest it, could
invoke the authority of the General Government
to vindicate his fights; or he may, from deference
to the matured sentiment of the people of the Ter-
ritories, under a regularly organized territorial
government, waive his rights, and from comity
acquiesce in their determination.
Whilst the said people are in their territorial
condition, or in the process of forming a State
constitution, the Congress of the United States
has no right to prescribe for them what sort of
domestic institutions they shall have, and cannot,
therefore, rightfully intervene in directing their
action upon such subjects. Such an interference
would be a gross usurpation, and without a
shadow of lawful authority.
The principles of the Kansas-Nebraska law rest
upon and involve these considerations; and from
its spirit and temper, in deferring the settlement
of all these matters to the people of the Territories
when they come to consider what sort of per-
manent government they will establish for them-
selves, commends itself to the support of the
friends of popular free government, and should
be firmly sustained. Our whole system of govern-
ment, Federal, State, Territorial, and Municipal,
is practical ,u tilitarian, arid j udicious—not Utopian,
transcendental, and abstract—essentially founded
upon the habits, customs, local interests, and
peculiar circumstances of the people as they
existed at the time of its formation;—and, so far as
its founders reasonably contemplated it would be
operative upon their future progress and devel-
opment;—the form of government was adopted
to suit the interests of the people—not upon the
principle that the people were to be put upon a
Procrustean bed, then and thereafter, and stretched
to suit an abstract and arbitrary theory. When
once it was demanded to know of Solon, the great
Athenian lawgiver, what sort of a constitution he
had prepared for the Athenians, that wise, philo-
sophical, and practical statesman said, "that he
had furnished them with as good a constitution
and form of government as the people would bear,
looking to the habits, manners, and genius, that
characterized them." Whilst some have said that
that form of government is best which is best
administered, the philosophy of ours esteems that
best which is most adapted to protect and secure
the happiness and actual interests of the people.
The founders of our Government, in order to
adjust the system they were devising to meet the
local views of the people, reserved to the people
of the States, through their State organizations,
ample, and all the residuary mass of, power for
this purpose;—delegating, at the same time, to the
General Government, such oAierauthority as was
necessary to be exercised by the government of
the whole, and to which the States, separately,
were not as competent, and from the responsi-
bility of which it was a wise policy they should
be relieved. No serious difference of opinion
upon such general matters as were to be confided
to the Federal Government, could be seriously
apprehended. Should any peculiar theories or
notions exist in regard to mere local and mu-
nicipal institutions, the States, immediately and
directly interested, should settle it to suit their
own views—thus disembarrassing the General
Government by relieving it from the necessity of
officious intermeddling in mere domestic quarrels
and arrangements. This is a most beautiful and
prominent feature, and necessarily one of the
reserved rights, because it is essential for local
purposes, and does not conflict at all with the
more general considerations. The State, too, that
has original and sovereign power, may again sub-
divide her authority, parcel it out to municipal
corporations, counties, cities, towns, &c., for still
more local purposes and objects. The principle
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, in itB formation and
tendency, runs a parallel with this theory, as far
as it can, as a system, be made applicable to a
territorial government. Under Our system, the
morale of the slavery question is not an open one,
because it is res adjudicata, and authoritatively
settled by the founders of the Government in the
establishment of the present Constitution. This
judgment, thus solemnly pronounced, is obliga-
tory upon every member of the compact; and all
attempts to weaken or destroy its binding force,
by abstract and crude discussions, are at war
with the letter and spirit of the Constitution, and
can only lead to disorder, to disunion, and to an
overthrow of the Government.
These views I shall endeavor to argue and
insist upon: if successfully maintained, the horth-
ern side of these questions will be proved to be
rank heresy, and in utter conflict with the orderly
arrangement of our Government, essentially and
morally revolutionary, and treasonable in pur-
pose and intent, if designed to change the action
of the Government in its constitutional force and
effect; the South will be vindicated as the true
upholder of the pillars of the Constitution; and
all good citizens, everywhere, who revere the
Government as it is, under which they live and
have prospered, should manfully come to the
rescue.
What, then, is the character of the Govern-
ment, so far as slavery is concerned, and what is
its declarative authority and express recognition ?
Will it be seriously denied that it is protective
and preservative of slavery, existing at the time
of the adoption of the Constitution, and author-
izing its further introduction, ad libUum, forever
thereafter ? Not a syllable against slavery m the
States, or within the jurisdictional limits of the
Union. No provision for its gradual extinction,
but providing for its complete protection and in-
crease. The ninth section of the first article con-
tains an express prohibition upon Congress to
