964
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cono •••• 1st Scss.
Tht Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
tion would destroy the hiMi and their absolute
emancipation would result in incalculable mis-
chief and calamity to both noes, white and black,
ought he to adopt such a policy ?
These are grate questions for the considera-
tion of the benevolent and prudential. "All things
are not expedient;" and 1 submit, if our northern
professed philanthropists, who have means, if
they really design to benefit the negro race,
should not turn their attention to the condition
of the Africans in their native land, where thou-
sands upon thousands are in barbarism and
idolatry, more particularly as the slave trade,
from its abuses and malpractices, has been abol-
ished? There is an extensive field, without a
competitor, for the display of all their kind re-
gards and acts of benevolence in behalf of the
negro. The Ethiopian, who cannot change his
akin, is utterly uncared for in that great field for
benevolent enterprise. Possibly the ways of
Providence, that are past finding out, may some
day disclose that, by their introduction here, it
may be one of those incidents (although greatly
in advance of the consummation) by whicn
their ultimate amelioration may be accomplished.
It is but a matter of historic justice to give the
Spanish Government the benefit of their justifica-
tion for engaging in the African slave trade. I
refer to the preamble to the decree of that Gov-
ernment at Madrid, in December, 1817:
u The introduction of negro slavery into America was one
of the flm measure* which my predecessors dictated for
the nppxt and prosperity of those vast regions, [their newly
discovered possessions in the West,] soon alter their dis-
covery. The impossibility of inducing the Indians to en-
gage in different useful, though painful labors, arising from
their complete ignorance of the conveniences of lite, and
the very small progress they had made in the arts of social
existence, repaired that the working of the mines, nnd the
coloration of the soil, should be committed to hands more i
robust aad acuve than theirs. This measure, which did
aot create slavery, bat only took advantage of that which j
existed through the barbarity of the Africans, by saving
from death their prisoners, and alleviating their mm eondt- i
tion, hr ftosn bong prejudicial id the negroes transported
to America, confined upon theat, not only the incompara-
ble Messing of being instructed in the knowledge of the true
God, but likewise all the advantages which accompany
civilisation, without subjecting them, in their state of servi-
tude, to a harder candiuoa than that which they endured
in freedom."
These an the rmtummlim of Spanish morality.
But the Spaniards are not singular in refusing the
claimed rights of humanity to Pagans. Their
example has been improved upon, and, by its ap-
plication to the Indian races, has been commended
by oar Puritan ancestry as worthy of everlasting
imitation.
The Puritans of New England, under the in-
fluence of religious fanaticism, looked upon the ,
Indians of that region as children of the devil, '
(or pretended so to think,) and therefore only fit!
for carnage or servitude; whilst they regarded 1
themselves as the favored sons of Heaven, des- !
lined to inherit a promised land, as the Israelites
did Canaan. Their whole reasoning is admira-
bly expressed in three resolutions, said to have
been adopted by a community in Massachusetts,
previous to seizing on a fertile Indian territory:
1st. Raolvei, That the earth is tile Lord's, and die fail-
le** thereof.
M. Htmlved, That the Lord bath given the inheritance
thereof to his saints.
3d. That ware tike saints.
The South have never been accused of religious
fanaticism, and they do not, therefore, place their ,
. defense of the institution of slavery upon any such
high and saintly ground as that occupied oy the
Puritans of the East; they simply treat it as a mat-
ter of fact in the world's great routine, and award
to it all the rights of enligntened and practical hu-
manity. I submit to the candid inquirer after truth,
which is thepreferableChristianity—thaturged by
the Spaniard in his decree, or that affirmed, in gen-
uine pharisaical style, in the Massachusetts res-
olutions of the Puritans ? Well may a cool mor-
alist remark, that there is no such thing as abso-
lute perfection; it is all comparative; and that, if
the great God himself is governed by his own
laws, and may not transcend his own prescribed
limits, feeble man certainly ought to possess but
.that qualified freedom best suited to his nature
and adaptability; and that a good Providence
wisely overrules the world. I have no doubt the
same fanatics that passed the above resolutions
in Massachusetts, if they found in practice that
they could not be carried out, and they were not
able to secure the rich inheritance, would, upon
subsequent consideration, have adopted the sen-
timent referred to in an old, quaint doggerel, and
have further resolved,
« That this is a flne world to live in,
To give, to lend, or to spend in,
But to beg, or to borrow, or to get one's own,
'Tia the d—ilest world that ever was known."
Besides our own Constitution, the decisions of
our highest courts, and the law, and practice of
nations, the British courts, from which we have
derived much of our legal learning, have also
sanctioned slavery as a legal institution. Their
decisions are but similar exponents of the doc-
trine in pari materia. It is a matter of notorious
history, that both in ancient and modern times,
the condition of slavery and the commerce in
slaves were sanctioned by the universal practice
and law of nations. The first case relating to
the African slave trade, is that of Butts and Penn,
determined in the 29th Charles II., being an ac-
tion of trover for negroes. The special verdict in
this case found that they were regularly bought
and sold in India. (2d Keebl., 783.) In a subse-
quent case, trover was brought for a negro in
England. Holt, C. J., said, that trespass was the
kind of action, but that trover would lie if the
sale was in Virginia. (3d Salk., 244.) In 1689,
all the judges of England, with the eminent men
who then filled the offices of attorney and soli-
citor general, concurred in the opinion, that ne-
groes were merchandise within the general terms
of the navigation act. (2d Chamber's. Opinion
of Eminent Lawyers, 263.) The celebrated case
of Somerset, decided by Lord Mansfield, before
our Revolution, whilst it determined that negroes
I could not be held as slaves in England by rea-
son of what he considered the local law of that
realm, recognized the absolute and rightful ex-
istence of slavery in the colonies and elsewhere
when not prohibited by lofcal law; and as to*ts
non-existence in England, by reason of this local
law, this decision of Lord Mansfield is a depart-
ure from the current of the English authorities,
and has not been followed, but substantially over-
ruled, as assuming to establish a new doctrine.
The whole legal policy of Great Britain and also
France is fully confirmatory of the legal exist-
ence of property in slaves.
Chief Justice Marshall, in the decision before
referred to, comments upon the English cases—
remarkable for the full illustration of this doctrine
—the Amedie, the Fortuna, and the Diana. The
last case, the Diana, was a Swedish vessel, cap-
tured, with a cargo of slaves, by a British cruiser,
and condemned in the court of vice admiralty at
Sierra Leone. This sentence was reversed on
ap|ieal; and Sir William Scott, in pronouncing
the sentence of reversal, said:
" The condemnation also took place on a principle which
this court cannot, in any manner, recognize, inasmuch as
the sentence affirms that the ' slave trade, from motives of
humanity, hath been abolished by most civilized nations,
and ii not, at the preieni time, legally authorized by any.'"
" This appears to me to be an assertion by no
means sustainable." The ship and cargo were re-
stored on the principle that the trade was allowed
by the laws of Sweden..
Chief Justice Marshall further remarks:
" The principle common to these cases is, that the le-
gality of the capture of a vessel engaged in the slave trade
depends upon the law of the country to which the vessel
belongs. If that law gives its sanction to the trade, resti-
tution will be decreed; if that law prohibits it, the vessel
and cargo Will be condemned as prize."
He urther remarks, that this whole subject
came on afterwards to be considered in the case
of the Louis. (2d Dow's Reports, 238.)
The opinion of Sir William Scott in that case
demonstrates the attention he had bestowed upon
it, and settles the law in the British courts.
The Louis was a French vessel, captured on
a slaving voyage, before she had purchased
any slaves, brought into Sierra Leone, and con-
demned by the vice admiralty court at that place.
On appeal to the court of admiralty in England,
the sentence was reversed. Sir William Scott said,
"that this trade could not be pronounced contrary
to the law of nations. A court, in the administra-
tion of law, cannot attribute criminality to an act
when the law imputes none. It must look to the
legal standard qf morality; and, upon a question of
this nature, that standard must be found in the
law of nations, as fixed and evidenced by general,
ancient, and admitted practice; by treaties, and
| by the general tenor of the laws and ordinances,
anil the formal transactions of civilized States.
; J' '8 pressed as a difficulty, says the learned
judge, what is to be done, if a French ship, laden
with slaves, is brought in? I answer, without
hesitation, restore the possession which has been
unlawfully divested; rescind the illegal act done
by your own subject." There is no fanaticism
in this, but firm and unswerving adherence to
the law, administered by a pure and upright and
incorruptible judge.
In the casa of Madrazo vs. Willes, (5 Serg. &
Low., 313,) all the judges agreed, and so pro-
nounced, that a foreigner who is not prohibited
from carrying on the slave trade by the laws of
his own country, may, in a British court of jus-
tice, recover damages sustained by him in respcct
of the wrongful seizure,.by a British subject, of
a cargo of slaves on board of a ship then em-
ployed by him in carrying on the African slave
traae. _ In this case, the declaration stated that
j the plaintiff was a subject of Spain, and that, on
the 12th of July, 1817, at Havana, he was law-
fully possessed^ of a certain, brig, and that the
brig was lawfully cleared out for a certain voyage
in the slave trade, to wit: from Havana to the
_ coast of Africa, and back; and that, on the 16th
' of January, 1818, on the high seas, to wit: off the
Cape of St. Paul's, on the coast of Africa, the
j defendant seized the brig, with her stores and
three hundred slaves, &c., and kept and detained
them for a long time, and converted the same to
his own use; by means whereof the said brig
was prevented from the further prosecution of the
said voyage, and the plaintiff deprived of great
gains which would have accrued from the slaves,
&c. The defendant plead not guilty. ■ At the
trial at the London sittings, it appeared that the-
defendant was a captain in the Royal Navy, and
had taken possession of the ship, whicn was
engaged in the slave trade. It occurred to the
Lora Chief Justice, at the trial, that the plaintiff
was not entitled to recover the value of the slaves
in an English court of justice, and accordingly
he desired the jury to find their verdict separately
for each part of the damage, giving to the defend-
ant liberty to move to reduce the verdict in case
the court should agree with him on the point.
Theiury found a verdict for the plaintiff; dam-
ages ^21,800—being for the deterioration of the
ship's stores and goods, <£3,000, and for the sup-
posed profit of the cargo of slaves, w£18,180.
Jervis, for the defendant, moved for a rule niri
to reduce the damages to .£3,000. By the 47th
George III., chapter 46, the slave trade, and all
dealings connected with it, were declared unlaw-
ful. It follows, therefore, as a consequence, that
no one can be allowed to recover damages in re-
spect of a cargo of slaves, &c. Abbott, C. J.,
said:
" On further consideration, it appears to me that there is
no sufficient ground for reducing this verdict," tic.
Bayly, J., said:
" I do not think that there is sufficient doubt to induce us
to grant a rule, lie. A British court of justice is always
open to the subjects of all countries in amity with us, and
they are entitled to compensation for any wrongful act done
by a British subject to them," &c.
Holyrood, J., said:
" Howtver much I may regret that any damages can be
recoverable for such a subject as this, yet I think we are
bound to say that this plaintiff is entitled to them."
Best, J., said:
" It is clear, from the authorities^ that the slave trade is not
condemned by the general law of nations."
Here, then, is the settled doctrine of the British
courts, recognizing slavery on the ocean, with
no special municipal law to protect it. What,
then, becomes of that modem invention, which
declares that slavery cannot have any extra
territorial existence, beyond the real authority
that creates it ? If African slavery is then tol-
erated on the high seas, with how much more
force under our Constitution, where it lsanrmly-
established and regulated institution.
In 11th Peters s Reports, 73, the Supreme
Court of the United States have settled the law on
the subject of slavery in another class of cases.
Certain persons, being slaves in Louisiana,
