1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
were by their owners taken to France as servants,
and were afterwards sent back to New Orleans.
The ships bringing them, were, after their arri-
val, libeled for alleged breaches of the act of
Congress of 1818, prohibiting the importation of
slaves into the United States. The court held that
the act of Congress does not apply to such a case.
The object of that law was to put an end to the
slave trade. The language of the statute cannot
properly be applied to persons of color who
were domiciled in the United States, and who
were brought back after temporary absence.
In the case of Mahoney vs. Ashton, 4 H. &
McHenry's Maryland Reports, where a negro
woman was carried by her owners as a slave
from the Island of Barbadoes to England, and
afterwards brought to Maryland, it was held,
after full and elaborate argument, that .however
the laws of Great Britain operate upon persons
there claimed as slaves, might interfere to pre-
vent acta of ownership, yet upon bringing the
slave into Maryland the relation of master and
slave continued; that the condition of slaves does
not depend exclusively either on the civil or the
feudal law. Our act of Congress, regulating
and protecting the conveying negro slaves coast-
wise, necessarily repudiates the idea of slavery
being solely existent and valid in the place of its
domicile. As property, like every other variety,
it is subject to the general legislation of Congress,
to guard, protect, and facilitate its safe and easy,
removal from one place to another; and the Gov-
ernment of the United States is bound to protect
it, unless it be taken to a foreign country for per-
manency, where its continuance is prohibited by
the local law. The celebrated Vattel,a standard
author upon the subject of general law, affirms
this to be the fixed ana established law of property,
that it cannot be taken from the owner because
he is in a foreign country with it. He lays down
this law:
" That the property of an individual does not cease to
belong to him on account of his being in a foreign country.
It still continues a part of the aggregate wealth of his
nation. Any power, therefore, which the lord of the ter-
ritory might claim over the property of a foreigner, would
be equally derogatory to the dignity of the individual owner
and to those of the nation of which he is a member."
Slave property being thus protected, under all
the laws bearing upon the subject, I submit
again, under what earthly pretext of authority
can it be asserted that a slaveholder, in going to
a Territory of the United States with his slaves,
is without protection ? On the contrary, he has
the whole power and force of the entire Govern-
ment in this country to secure him in that right;
and until a State government is formed, with
power in its police regulations to exclude any
species of property, it must ever be under the
. aegis of the general superintending authority.
Before the compact of union was formed be-
tween the States, they were essentially independ-
ent, and were bound by the law of nations in
their intercourse with each other. In their con-
federated capacity, their treatment to each other
is made still more respectful in its rights and
obligations. TheGeneral Government, under the
compact between them, is not authorized to ex-
ercise any attribute to favor the views of any one
to the prejudice of another. No State can prop-
erly pass any law to prohibit the citizens of
another State fropi traveling through its domin-
ions with any property they may possess. All
such enactments would be clear breaches of inter-
national comity, and would justly subject her-
self, by such unnatural conduct, to the charge of
bad neighborhood. The law itself would be a
nullityt because in conflict with the authority
delegated to the General Government. Besides,
the well regulated basis of international intercourse
in this enlightened age of the world, would not
, sustain such a relic of barbarism. In Baldwin's
Reports 578, there is an opinion pronounced by
the justly celebrated Judge Baldwin, of Pennsylva-
nia, which most luminou sly and conclusively illus-
trates this doctrine. The judge discusses the
questions in all their bearing, fully imbued with
that patriotic inspiration flowing from the genius
of our complex constitutional system of govern-
ment. It is none the worse, I hope, because it
comes from a distinguished jurist of the Keystone
State. He justly remarks, amongst other things:
" When th  law ceases to be the test of right and remedy
—when individuals undertake to be its administrators by
rules of their own adoption, the bands of society are as
effectually broken, by the severance of one link, as if the
whole were dissolved."
A negro in a Territory of the United States,
there being no competent local law prescribing
his status, must necessarily be presumed to be a
slave. This is his condition prima facie. This
conclusion is virtually admitted by the advocates
of negro equality themselves; else, why do they
insist upon legislative restriction and prohibition
by Congress?
The Kansas-Nebraska law leaves this legal
question in the hands of the courts, and submits
its political settlement to the voice of the people
in tne Territories, when they are organized. The
question is, not whether the General Government
nas the right to institute slavery in the Territories
by an act of Congress; because, as I have shown,
it is necessarily carried there by virtue of right
under the constitutional compact, and Congress
has no power given to it to restrict it. Judge
McLean, of the Supreme Court, not from the
bench where he is authorized to pronounce the
law, but extra-judicially, in the newspapers, has
pronounced a dictum asserting that Congress can
prohibit slavery in the Territories, but not insti-
tute it.
In reference to this last position, the Judge does
not state what his views are, as to the necessary
existence of slavery in the Territories, as prop-
erty, if carried there from the States, without
congressional action. Does he mean to urge that
slavery, being recognized in the Constitution as
property, and so interwoven with our whole so-
cial system, is not carried into the Territories and
protected as any other property, ex necessitate ret ?
The learned Judge, I feel bound from public con-
siderations in this connection to remark, having
commanded the respect and esteem of the coun-
try by the industrious and able manner in which
he has uniformly discharged his public duties;
by his recent appearance in the newspapers, with
his quasi-judicial opinions, has excited much
surprise and regret. Clothed with the judicial
ermine, in its most elevated form in this country,
and where his example, from the supreme bench,
reaches to the remotest limits, in exciting times
like these, when all earthly tribunals, in order to
command respect, must be firm, unswerving, and
above raving popular clamor—when, too, the
merits of the question were much involved in a
case to come before him as one of the judges of
the last resort—to have made a parade of his
opinion, thus intermingling with the partisan de-
bates of a passing hour,—cannot certainly com-
mend himself to the approval of an intelligent
public.
Having already shown that slavery has existed,
and still exists, by the laws of nations; that it
must be recognized as property; that the found-
ers of our Government, in establishing our sys-
tem, so treated, recognized, and guarded it; that
it is necessarily an ineradicable adjunct of our
social system composed of State and Federal
Government, in their varied machinery; the iftem-
bers of the convention, being discreet and prac-
ticed men, taking the elements of society as they
found them* arranged the system upon no Uto-
pian and transcendental theories, but wisely har-
monized the parts as best they could, imbued
with that sound and homely philosophy, if you
please, which prompted the immortal poet Pope,
in his celebrated essay, to exclaim—
" Whether, with reason or with instinct blest,
All enjoy that power that suits them best.
Order is Heaven's first law; and tbis confessed,
Some are and must be greater than the rest.
*******
All nature's difference keeps all nature's peace,
Condition, circumstance, is not the thing,
Bliss is the same, in subject or in king."
No witchcraft in this proceeding—no Arabian
Nights tale—no transcendentalism, but downright
common sense. If there are any nowadays that
repudiate this utilitarian spirit, and go after
strange gods of their own creation, they become
moral traitors to their country, and are worse
than avowed enemies, and will receive the ever-
lasting execrations of patriot spirits. Are they
wiser than their fathers, and will they proclaim
still a higher law?
Is there anything in the moral code with which
slavery is in conflict ? because I will agree, if
this can be shown, we must take the most reason-
able steps to avoid the evil. From all the legiti-
mate evidence to which we can have resort,
slavery appears to be sanctioned by the highest
revelations of the Divine or moral law—also indi-
cated, from all that we can discover in the works
of creation and the world around us; from the
fitness of things; from universal existence
among all nations of which we have any account;
under all governments; in that first ordained by
God Almighty himself for his chosen people, and
through all dispensations; fully illustrated in the
Old and in the New Testament; by the law writ-
ten on the tables of stone; in the Decalogue; in
; that holy commandment in regard to the Sabbath
day, to wit:
"But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God :
in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy
1 daughter, thy man-tenant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy
cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates."
Here the man-servant and the maid-servant are
expressly mentioned. In the following and the
• last commandment, to wit:
1 " Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt
! not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his nun servant, nor his
. maid-servant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is
l thy neighbor's"—
! the servants are spoken of and included as prop-
| erty with the other chattels, the ox and the ass,
&c. (Exodus xx.)
It is said by a learned commentator, that this
last commandment is very important, and is,
indeed, the guard and security of all the preceding
ones; that it stamps the seal of Divinity upon the
Mosaical code,of which the Decalogue is the sum-
mary; that no such restriction is to be found in
the Ordinances of Lycurgus or Solon, the Twelve
Tables, or the Institutes of Justinian. This cer-
tainly is not the " higher," but the highest law;
for it has been revealed to us that the Lord came
down upon Mount Sinai, on the top of the moun-
tain, and the Lord called Moses up to the top of
the mountain, and Moses went up; and, amid
thunderings and lightnings, and the noise of the
trumpet, and the smoking of the mountain, were
these great and everlasting commandments pro-
claimed. Also, throughout the whole scope of
the New Testament, we find no denunciation
! against it, but its lawfulness and necessity and
| propriety fully and unanswerably recognized.
These obligatory Divine injunctions and precepts
cannot and will not be disregarded.
In this great country we Have a variety of cli-
mate, 3oil, and production, and it requires cor-
responding means to suit them and fully develop
their advantages. Cotton, the great southern
staple,rice, sugar,&c., flourish in the torrid zone,
for which the negro, by his peculiar physical na-
] ture, impressed upon him by God Almighty, is
I especially adapted. To undertake to employ
j labor without climatic adaptabilities, when they
i can be had, is to refuse to make use of the best
j means to accomplish a given object.
| The white man cannot endure this labor—it
, would destroy him—it is, therefore, impossible.
The negro is in his happy element on a sugar or
cotton plantation, and in this condition will laugh
to scorn the mistaken views of the Abolitionists
to benefit him by placing him on a different thea-
ter, sending him to college, &c. Cotton, in its
abundant growth and product, has been the means
of giving rise to incalculable wealth to the civil-
j ized world, and to noportion more than to the State
| of Massachusetts, which, if accounts are true,
has become great, powerful, and commanding.
This is the result of slave labor. Would it be
! wise to abolish the culture, and leave that vast and
superlatively rich domain of God's creation a'
| wild and howling wilderness ? It requires large
[ capital and a great number of operatives, constant
and unremitting assiduity, at certain seasons, to
■ insure an annual crop. With a large force of
■ slaves, under proper police regulations, cheerful
; and happy, the crop is secured for the benefit of
| all .parties concerned.
i It may be assumed as a fact, that cotton would
I not be grown without slave labor. For evidence
i of this, look to the present condition of things
in the West Indies, where slavery has been abol-
ished, and there you see the vengeance of Heaven
visited upon such consummate folly—rich and
inexhaustible fields of His bounty standing as
silent monuments of man's great folly in neg-
