m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
lecting to avail himself of all the means within
his power. " Experience," it is said in the old
■proverb, " is a dear school, but it is the only one
in which fools will learn." The experiment of
trancendentalism has been tried, and woeful mat-
ter of fact has demonstrated it to be essentially
vicious, chimerical, and foolish.
The African, in 1\£3 natural and improved con-
dition, had been discarded; and the celestials,
the coolies, are about to Bupplant die sons of
Ethiopia!
From Greenland's icy mountains,
From India's coral strands,"
you may attempt to call spirits, but before the
banner of the Cross, with its ameliorating influ-
ences upon the whole human family, can wave in
emblazoned triumph amid those gems of the ocean,
"the Antilles," we must invoice the sable sons
of Afric's "golden sands," to develop their
great physical power under the controlling aus-
pices of the Christian-Caucasian race. African
slavery, through its physical capability, recog-
nized and proclaimed by the great Lawgiver
under all His dispensations, has been, with many
incidental evils and abuses common to all human
systems, the source of high civilization—the
spread of the gospel-of Christ, with manifold
blessings to the African race.
Are all these palpable advantages to be set at
nought upon the imaginary system of Utopia,
proclaimed by the transcendentalists of the pres-
ent day? They are at war with God—the Chris-
tian religion, which proclaims on earth peace and
goodwill to man—the best interests of practical
humanity, and the highest hopes of civilized life.
African slavery, in some form, will exist in this
country and throughout all the tropical regions
adapted to the growth of the great staples of the
South, until fate, or God, by his irrevocable de-
crees, shall change the face of animated nature,
and the climatic necessities of our greatly diver-
sified world.
Solely considered as a practical question, sup-
pose the South would agree to adopt your wild
theories, and emancipate all the negroes, can you
explain to us, and to yourselves, what will be
the effect upon our social system, not only South,
but East, West, and North. There are now
some three or four millions. It would require an
age to colonize them, if that mode of avoiding
them should be recommended. To undertake to
colonize them too rapidly would be attended with
consequences harrowing to every feeling of the
human heart. You are opposed to this, and go for
emancipation. Such a scheme would be utterly
destructive to the negro race, and in its results
Would occasion a fearful paralysis in all depart-
ments of trade everywhere, from which, galvan-
ism, nor all the restoratives within reach, could
save you.
If this country has grown to be great, and has
increased, beyond all human calculation, in power
and moral grandeur, it must not be forgotten this
astonishing result has been effected with negro
Slavery existing and operating in all its vigor in
our midst. Will you tell me Massachusetts is
freat? From whence has it mainly sprung?
'rom our social system, quickened and enlivened
by the products of slave labor, and not in spite
of it. The South has derived less advantage
from it than the North. You have commanded
our workshops, and you have increased to your
present stature upon the troubles, toils, and efforts
ttf the South. They have been the hewers of
wood and drawers of water. They have furnished
the raw material, with all the inconveniences of
negro slavery, if it be obnoxious to your charges,
■Whilst you have had the ultimate profits. Such nus
bfeen the ordination of Providence, and the South,
has submitted. The existence of our Govern-
ment itself—sustained, I believe, by providential
inteiposition—its unprecedented rise, progress,
fcnii increasing power, and manifest destmy, with
negro slavery as one of its incidents, conferring
the greatest practical good upon that groveling
race, may be relied upon as corroborative and
confirmatory evidence of the abstract and relative
propriety of our theories upon the subject of sla-
very. If it be of God, it will prosper; but, if
not, it will come to naught.
Let us briefly survey our progress as a nation.
At thfc tntie Of <>ur Independence in 1776, our
progenitors occupied but a small extent of coun-
try skirting along the margin of the Atlantic, and
subsisted very much upon the bounties of nature,
by hunting and fishing. They had abundance
of wild game from the native forest, and from the
blue waters all the luxuries common to that ele-
ment. All told, they did not exceed three millions
of souls—not as many white people then in the
country as we now have negroes. Now, we have
some thirty millions of inhabitants. Cities and
towns have sprung up everywhere; the arts and
sciences have increased; astonishing facilities
for travel and for the diffusion of knowledge
have been put in successful operation, and we are
on the high road to additional discoveries and im-
provements. Already vastly opulent and great
tn moral power, we have a most extensive coterm-
inous domain, extending from the Atlantic to
i the Pacific, sweeping through the western hemi-
j sphere. Our country passes through all the de-
: grees of latitude necessary to enable it to produce
•' all the staples of life. " The shore lines of the
I Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and of the Gulf of
: Mexico, are full twelve thousand miles in extent,
j | and an unequaled chain of navigable lakes forms
I our northern boundary. Our rivers afford us
. | forty-nine thousand miles of navigation, and our
northern lakes thirty-five hundred. Five thou-
sand miles of artificial navigation complete this
network of internal communication, still further
increased by twenty thousand miles of railway
finished, to which soon will be added thirteen
thousand more now in progress, all tending
ultimately to unite the Atlantic and the Pacific
oceans by uninterrupted lines of railway. At
the Revolution we had no manufactures; now
we have $500,000,000 invested, producing annu-
ally in value more than one thousand millions.
Our commercial marine, registering nearly five
millions of tons, is the greatest on the ocean.
Our agricultural and mining resources are bound-
less and incalculable." We are thus blessed with
all the elements of physical power and wealth.
Do all these omnipotent and conclusive facts
prove our system to be wrong, or establish its
absolute and incontrovertible propriety ? Will it
do for the North to talk of her comparative ad-
vance over the South,forgetting that you are but
part and parcel of the same system? As well
might any member of the body complain of its
neighbor. If you can demonstrate that you have
grown great without the immediate benefits of
this intimate connection, then you may have a
case. You should recollect that the Union, with
all its untold advantages, has been, in a most
eminent degree, tributary to your preeminence;
and now you would abuse and destroy your
Colitical alma mater ! Whenever such folly shall,
y a just and avenging God, be permittted to
triumph, from that fatal day your transcendent-
alism may be in the ascendant, but your great-
ness, in all that constitutes substantial wealth and
power, will have departed as a dream, and you
will find, very soon, that your condition is not
untfke that of Nebuchadnezzar of old. When
you speak of your greatness, you do not mean
to say that all classes amongst you, without
exception, are so, but you have reference to the
aggregate, for- undoubtedly you have penury
and destitution within your borders. So when
we speak of the glory of this great nation, it is
in its combined identity. Some sections may be
impoverished. There are calamities and mis-
fortunes incident to human nature in its best
estate—all cannot be wise; all cannot be happy:
contentment is the true philosophy of life. Tne
South is satisfied with the Government under
which she lives, State and Federal. She stands
upon the sensible developments of the immutable
fitness of things, and the gates of hell shall not
prevail against her. Fogs and mists may en-
velop this northern atmosphere—the hurricane of
fanaticism and folly mayblow in its wrath—they
will exhaust themselves. A serene and natural
sky will still shed its gladsome rays upon the
sunny South. Her fair fields shall not be over-
run by the Goths and Vandals, until barbarism
shall be permitted again to proclaim its desolating i
sway over the nations. If a disruption should j
ever take place in this glorious Confederacy, i
the East might go off in a tangent, and join the j
northern comet as its fiery tail; but the- North
and the teeming West, with all that extensive
section, washed by the streams that make for the
Gulf of Mexico, are the natural allies of tb"
South, and will never surrender their association
with this favored region. The star of Empire is
West and South—not North and East. The land
flowing with milk and honey will ever command
the strong affections of the votaries of freedom.
The North has had the full benefit of the
Union thus far, and has certainly reached a high
point of prosperity. Has it arrived at the acme ?
Does she now fear a retrograde movement that
' the growing power of the West, and the inherent
1 facilities in the South, are about to check her
speed? Are considerations of this sortalso mixed
up with her fanaticism ? The West is the natural
j ally of the South. The enormous trade of the
| West, which has heretofore had its outlet at the
North, is about being diverted somewhat. If
| the South and West, with all their natural ad-
\ vantages, shall apply their resources to make
: themselves essentially independent by manufac-
turing for themselves, and by other agencies,
appropriate their own means; such a policy may
| well occasion apprehension and alarm in the
, East. That section has been thus far highly
favored under our system, although less con-
tented, in fact, than any other. Proud in her
position—ungrateful in her neighborhood—over-
bearing in her aggressions upon other sections
that have been mainly tributary to her advance-
j ment,— she may be overtaken with those ca-
| lamities which the God of Providence occasion-
I ally visits upon the ungrateful and disobedient.
Let her consider well her proper and true position
, in the Union; weigh with deliberation the acci-
dental advantages that the course of events has
, bountifully thrown in her path. She is essen-
I tially dependent upon the South and West; and,
| per contra, they are comparatively independent
of her contributions.
I How sublimely philosophical, christian-like,
! and patriotic, let me mention in this connection,
■ were the sentiments of the high-toned clergy of
; Massachusetts, in the days of the Revolution.
They are a perpetual spring of patriotic gratu-
lation, to which we may turn when annoyed
by the senseless claptrap of the moonshine and
raving effusions of tne pulpit in Massachusetts
nowadays. Let me commend these old-fash-
i ioned notions of her early patriots to her rising
generation, who are not yet corrupted by the
' fanaticism of the day. Let a wholesome reform
be introduced, founded upon the revolutionary
bans of Massachusetts as she then exhibited her-
self in the glory of her youthful career, as an-
nounced by her clergy and statesmen. From a
mass of patriotic and high-toned sentiment, I will
refer to a few extracts from their speeches in the
convention, worthy of everlasting commemora-
tion, and sufficient to redeem that God-forsaken
old Commonwealth, in her present leading-strings,
from the most unnatural thraldom in which de-
generate sons have placed her fame. In 2 Elliot's
Debates, page 118, Rev. Mr. Shute said:
"Mr. President, to object to the latter part of the para-
graph under consideration, which excludes a religious test,
is, I am sensible, very popular; for the most of men, some-
how, are rigidly tenacious of their own sentiments in reli-
gion, and disposed to impose them upon others as the flani-
ard oftruth. If, in my sentiments upon the point in view,
I should differ from some in this honorable body, I only
wish from them the exercise of that candor with which
true religion is adapted to inspire the honest and weU-dia-
posed mind.
" To establish a religious test as a qualification fbr offices
in the proposed Federal Constitution, it appears to me,
sir, would be attended with injurious consequence* to some
individuals, and with no advantage to the whole.
" By the injurious consequences to individuals, I mean
that some who, in every other respect, are qualified lo fill
some important post in Government, will be excluded by
their not being able to stand the religious test; which I take
to be a privation of a part of their civil rights.
" Nor is there, to me, any conceivable advantage, sir, that
would result to the whole from such a test. Unprincipled
and dishonest men will not hesitate to subscribe to anyuang
that may open the way to their advancement, and put them
into a situation the better to execute their base ana iniqui-
tous designs. Honest men alone, therefore, however well
qualified to serve the public, would be excluded by it, and
their country be deprived of the benefit of their anilities.
" In this great and extensive empire, there is. and will be,
a great variety of sentiments in religion among its inhab-
itants.  ^
" Upon the plan of a religious test, the question, I think,
must be, Who shall be excluded from national trusts?
Whatever answer bigotry may suggest, the dictate#of can-
dor and equity, I conoeive, will be, NoneS
