968
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
but not to the extent of complete sovereignty,
because the paramount jurisdiction of the General
Government cannot be ousted in this stage of
their history. This condition, with qualified user
of authority, is territorial popular government,
contradistinguished from that bastard and ille-
gitimate bantling commonly known as " squatter
sovereignty." The first an organized and regu-
lar social government for the Territories, under
the authority of the General Government: the
other, and latter, a spurious and mushroom
arrangement, which, if permitted to set up any
original or inherent claims on the soil of the
United States, in disregard of its paramount
authority, would be to recognize an imperium in
imperio.
The first is regular, orderly, and consistent
■with the rights of eminent domain in the General
Government, as trustee for all the States. The
other irregular, revolutionary, and subject to
outlawry. When this territorial government has
-within its limits a sufficient population to main-
tain and support a full and complete State gov-
ernment, it may propose to assume perfect sov-
ereignty, and it is competent for the General
Government to accede to the proposition or not,
according to its own judgment. If this con-
sent is given, the new State is ushered into life,
with all the panoply of State importance, pride, I
and power, and takes her place amongst the '
States of the Union. Like Mercury, somewhat,
from the head of Jove, she springs into existence
unique and perfect. I hold, then, that all the
States are coequal, and have coequal rights in
any territory belonging to the United States;
and whatever is recognized as property in one of
the States by their local laws, must be so regarded
on the common ground; in the territory, and
there is no power to change .this necessary
result, or prohibit its existence, until the State
government is founded. The owner of chattels,
orses, oxen, sheep, cattle, &c., may go there—
the owner of slaves, with his property—the south-
ern man, with his wife, children, men-servants,
maid-servants, and anything that is his. The
northern man, the lord of the loom, with his
machinery, his spindles, and his fancy articles,
too tedious to enumerate.
This is the great law of equal rights which the
Constitution fully recognizes. These are the
covenanted rights of the citizen of every State.
This is non-intervention, and the doctrine of pop-
ular territorial sovereignty. This is the spirit of
the tenth amendment to the Constitution.
" The powers not delegated toihe United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
Where is any power delegated to prohibit the
citizens of any of the States going to any of the
Territories with every variety of property ? This
I hold to be the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion in regard to rights in the Territories. This
is the southern claim of constitutional right, and
the South will always be ready to acquiesce in
the action of the people of the Territories, when
organized as I have stated; and when they come
to form their permanent State governments, if
the citizens thereof believe their interests will be
better subserved by the exclusion of slavery in-
stitutions, the South, I am sure, will never inter-
pose an objection to the admission of a State on
that account. We fully recognize the capacity
of the people for self-government, and that their
own common sense and judgment will properly
regulate all such matters. This is the democratic
spirit and temperament, and they will not Con-
sent to its disparagment under any circumstances.
All sections ought to concede this practical exer-
cise of power, and trust, reliably, to the matured
judgment of the people.
Having adopted the principle that the people
are capable of self-government, for myself I will
abide the experiment, and will never encourage,
in the exercise of my personal rights, a formal
warupon such a great, vital, and democratic prin-
ciple. The great controlling laws of Providence
and nature will prevent an extensive system of
Mormonism. By nature's laws there are about
as many males as females; any social system
regarding the maritai Ptate must accommodate
itself to this uncontrollable fact, and cannot go
counter to it to an alarming extent. These things
have wisely their own providential corrective.
The same unalterable law will control the amal-
gamation of the white and black races. It is said
to be a physical fact, connected with the organism
of the white and black races, that increase and
multiplication cease from intercommunication
after the fourth generation. The ancient Athenians
had no law against parricide, deeming the feeling
of filial affection stronger that artificial regulation.
Human effort, human vagary, human taste, and
human power, have certain limits ordained by
the Almighty lawgiver; and beyond the bounds
prescribed by him, mortal man, with all his pride,
pomp, exertion, and circumstance, is insignificant
and powerless. It has been mentioned as an in-
cident that occurred at the battle of New Orleans,
or just before, that a casual interview took place
between two of the opposing pickets, the night
before the engagement. They were talking over
the probable fate of the next day. The English
soldier claimed ^that the British would have an
easy victory, boasting that they had on their side
Lord such a one, and Earl such a one, &c., who
had been invincible. The American soldier re-
sponded, that they had still greater power on the
American side; that they had the Lord of all,
and General Jackson, and they were never known
to be beaten. This was certainly a strong and
sure reliance. The American soldier was not
mistaken.
In this controversy on the slavery question,
with all its collaterals, we have on our side an
all-wise and Almighty lawgiver, in His great and
irreversible decrees of nature, regulating and con-
trolling the races—His revealed law on Mount
Sinai. We have the examples and precepts of
Moses, the great and inspired Jewish lawgiver,
the patriarchs, and the prophets. We have the
instructions and doctrines promulgated by the
great and immaculate Savior of the world in
his New Testament. We have the admonitions
of the Apostles; the experience of all ages and
times; the law of nations; the instincts of hu-
man nature; the Constitution framed for us by
our forefathers who have gone before us; the
decisions of all the enlightened courts of the
world; the common sense of mankind; and we
have the splendid and magnificent progress and
developments of our Government during the last
seventy-odd years, in its undeviating progress to
glory and grandeur.
On the other sidfi, we observe a motley and
noisy crew,with fanaticism and folly oil their ban-
ner; the rights of negroes and the negro race; black
spirits and white; metaphysical, intangible, and
impracticable theories of higher law, which, when
analyzed and applied to the affairs of life, are
found to be-subversive of the social compact, of
law and order, sensual and devilish, leveling,
tending to agrarianism, atheism, and infidelity.
Traced to its origin, it is proved to proceed from
Lucifer, that fallen angel of light,who was thrown
over the battlements of high Heaven for his trea-
son and rebellion; the same personage, who again,
at another time, in industrious pursuit of his am-
bitious schemes, audaciously taking the blessed
Savior of mankind into an exceeding high moun-
tain, [a fit pulpit and preacher for higher law,]
where he proclaimed the higher law from that
bold eminence. Thatgreat embodiment of human
divinity would not recognize his authority, or
indorse his foolish efforts. From that day to
this, in mountain and in valley, over the sea and'
across the land, in storm and sunshine, in some
Elausible garb or other, that same fallen angel has
een going through the nations of the earth, turn-
ing and overturning, ever threatening the world
with mad portents.
This power of evil has its limits; and in the
conflict, the greater moral forces on the side
of humanity and the fitness of things will suc-
ceed. The disembodied spirits of our revolu-
tionary ancestors from every quarter—the guar-
dianand presidinggeniusof the Constitution—the
hopes of mankind—that gospel which teaches
peace on earth and good will to men—are all en-
listed on our side. This great Government, in
its onward inarch to that greater power and glory,
shall not be arrested by the infernal powers of
I death, hell, fanaticism, higher-lawism, agrari-
anism, nor atheism in all its mongrel forms. It is
the last hope of liberty for all men ! Error may-
have its day; but it is only the carnival of evil
and restless spirits. Error may go seven leagues
whilst Truth is putting on her boots. Truth lias
the ballast, whilst Error may have the sails.
Truth has the bottom, though Error may have
the heels. Great is the power of truth, and it
shall prevail. Fiat justitia mat ccelum. If error is
doomed to prevail, and folly in its great madness
is to overturn this great Government, it will go
down amid the tears and sorrows of the votaries
of liberty everywhere. Sad would be the day to
all the nations of the earth, ana to none more so
than to the sable sons of Africa. May we be per-
mitted to trust that no such calamitous catastrophe
will ever be permitted to overtake this beautiful
land of ours, ere that awful trump shall wake all
the sleeping nations of the dead, and call them
to final judgment!
What of the hour now ? Portentous and dis-
turbing events are passing in review ! The Gov-
ernment in all her elements is rocked to and fro.
Disorder and strife are reveling in their mad
career. Will it be arrested ? And will our guar-
dian angel still protect us from the raging storm ?
These are now vital and practical questions to
every patriot. " Eternal vigilance io the price of
liberty." Ournorthern brethren mustbewilling
to bear and forbear in the same spirit in which
the great compact was formed. Their counsels
must be sober and discreet. Let them fully under-
stand that we are not slavery propagandists.
We propose no aggressions upon them—we do
not urge that negroes should be introduced from
abroad. This is adversary to our policy and
inclinations. We maintain, under the compact,
that, as to all those within our constitutional lim-
its, we are bound to make the best disposition of
them we can. If they are an evil, our northern
brethren must take them for better or for worse;
if they desire the good they must take the bad.
We are now embarked in the same great govern-
mental voyage. We have our cargo on board,
and the charter-party cannot be changed. The
ship must sail with her assorted freight, through
storm and sunshine; she must proudly career on
the waves of an open sea, to grandeur and power,
or she must go down amid the rocks, in tempest
and furious blast, with the crew in a state of
mutiny. We are copartners with our northern
friends, and must manage the enterprise, equally
sharing the profit and loss. If we have the worst
of the bargain, and useless commodities on board,
why taunt us with it, and why deprive us of our
fair share of new purchases and discoveries ?
Their war upon us is not only unnatural, but
against the articles of copartnership. The spirit
of 1776, resulting in the establishment of this
Government, discountenances their fratricidal
assaults. Let a bettter temper prevail, and all
may yet be well.
So far as the Territories are concerned, which
no w occasion scenes of passion and great disorder,
we are willing that the people, as much and more
interested in its fair settlement than outsiders,
shall be the arbiters under the limitations 1 have
suggested. Strife, internal and external, exists
in and about " Kansas"—that fated battle-field
Why not let the people there fairly and squarely
settle it without fraud or violence from any quar-
ter ?
The North, opposed from the start to the
Kansas-Nebraska act, which submitted this
question to the people of the Territories, has, in
a rebellious spirit, and in manifest violation of
the law on the statute-book, resorted to violent
and disloyal means to prevent the fair operation
of the law. Beginning in agitation, determined
to nullify its legitimate operation, and right or ,
wrong, to put itat defiance, it has, at length, chal-
lenged to combat the Federal authorities. This
fell spirit, having its origin in Massachusetts
nullification, has developed itself with still more
virulence on the soil of Kansas. That effort has
been met with counter effort. The nullifiers have
been nullified. The fraud has been outwitted.
It is but the tragedy of Haman and Mordecai
enacted again. „ „ , ...
But you say this game of fraud was not fairly
played—that the Federal authorities were with
