992
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
Would ihey oppose the fugitive slave law ? Would
tliey charier emigrant aid societies to carry war,
bloodshed, anarchy, and revolution into a virgin
Territory ? Would they nullify a Constitution
which their forefathers so nobly agreed to stand
by ? Let them be admonished that the great char-
ter of our liberties can only be preserved and per-
petuated under the same nigh and elevated prin-
ciples of concession and forbearance.
The very same Government, and no other,
founded and established by the men of the Revo-
lution, North, South, East, and what there then
was of the West, still demands our allegiance.
Such as it is, through weal or woe, (and it has
been all weal, and but little woe,) it should
command our best affections. He who is not
willing to abide by its provisions, and maintain
all its guarantees, in good faith, and cultivate an
abiding sentiment of loyalty for its majestic
proportions,has alreadycommitted moral treason.
Under its comprehensive clauses, if slavery, as
then and now recognized, is part and parcel of
it, and of its very essence, still it must be execu-
ted in good faith, promptly and unreservedly.
So far as negro slavery is referred to and defined
by it, the African race within its limits, and
throughout its length, breadth, and expansibility,
are forever deprived of political rights. They
were not parties to it. It was not founded and
established to give them amy civil franchises. It
was created by white men, and for white men,
and the posterity of white men. No negro blood—
no negro taint affects its vitalizing elements—no
amalgamation, nor equality of the white and black
races, for a moment sanctioned or upheld it. It
is composed of delegated powers, to be used by
white men; and such power as was not trans-
ferred, is retained by the States, or the people—
the white people.
The immortal Father of his Country, and who
was president of the constitutional convention,
in communicating to Congress the Constitution
which had been adopted, in language breathing
the same spirit which animated John Hancock,
to which 1 have adverted, said:
" It is obviously impracticable, in tbe Federal govern-
ment of these States, to secure all rights of independent
sovereignty to each, and yet provide for the safety and
interests of all. Individuals entering into society must give
up a share of liberty to preserve the rest. The magnitude
of the sacrifice must depend as well on situation and cir-
cumstance as on the object to be obtained. It is, at all
times, difficult to draw with precision the line between
those rights which must be surrendered, and those which
may be reserved; and on the present occasion this difficulty
was increased by a difference, amongst the several States,
a* to their situation, extent, habits, and particular interests;
and thus the Constitution, which we now present, is the
result of a spirit of amity and of that mutual deference and
concession which the peculiarity of our political situation
rendered indispensable."—1 Elliot, 17.
This great compact—our Federal Magna Char-
ts — is the towering fortress of our national
strength. It is the organ of our foreign inter-
course, and between the States. As to the first,
its powers are ample and undisputed; but in its
application to domestic questions and interests
controversies may ariser. In their determination
the Constitution must be the text-book. The
people of the States, in constituting the General
Government, gave her ample federative powers,
merely for the joint purposes of Union—reserv-
ing all the rest. No authority is then to be ex-
ercised unless specifically granted, or arising
by necessary implication. The employment of
doubtful power is necessarily excluded. The
people of the several States are coequal sover-
eignties. New States, as they may come into
line, must stand upon the same basis. No power
is given to restrict one more than another. None,
can be restrained, except in those matters ex-
pressly provided for, and equally applicable to
all. _ It cannot fail to have been observed how
cautious the founders were, not only to discrim-
inate between powers delegated or*prohibited to
the States and those reserved, but also as to the
enumeration of rights; therefore two distinct ar-
ticles, in the way of amendment, were inserted,
to wit:
~ " Art. 9. The enumeration in the Constitution of certain
rights shall not be construed to deny or discharge others
retained by the people.
" Art. 10. Tbe powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the Slates, are
rewrvsd to tbe Bums r«j tctimU/, or to the people."
Both of these articles afford the most conclu-
sive evidence of the design of the Constitution to
restrict the General Government, and to prevent
an encroachment upon the rights and powers of the
respective States, or the people.
Where now do you find the men, in these
troublous times, to maintain and stand by the
doctrines of the fathers, and to uphold the Con-
stitution, and the settled, fixed, and vested rights
of all interests, and all sections, North, South,
East, or West ? In reviewing calmly, but firmly
and dispassionately, the diversified organizations
that contend for ascendency, where is the con-
stitutional and conservative party ? Can but one
answer be given fairly to this inquiry? It is the
great Democraticorganization, which stands upon
the same platform throughout the broad expanse
of this country. Amid the frosty regions of the
North, through the various climatic degrees of
parallel, to the sunny South—from the stormy
Atlantic to the golden shores of the Pacific—on
mountain top, and in the deep recesses of the
valley—in town and country—in the magnificent
domicil of the opulent, or in the hamlet of the
poor—in the council chamber, or the workshop—
over land and sea—amongstall classes and climes,
and through all weathers, storm and sunshine,
the pulsations of*the Democratic heart beat in
perfect unison. Its votaries everywhere nobly
keep step to the music of the Union, stand up for
the Constitution, for law, well-reeulated liberty,
and the defined rights of man, although opposed
by diversified foes of every shade, grade, and hue,
with doubtful characteristics, and of questionable
shapes.
Foremost amongst its adversaries we see a
motley assortment of the most discordant ele-
ments, bearing aloft on their standard the black
flag of anarchy and disunion, fanaticism, agrarian-
ism, higher-lawism, and other abominable mon-
strosities, that no sensible man can define. The
great Democratic legions, a most noble host, with
the glorious flag of the Union, the stars an.d the
stripes, floating to the four winds—an invincible
army with banners—will rout the conglomerated,
heterogeneous, and discordant hosts of all oppo-
sition. How are the forces marshaled ? Let us
begin at the minimum and end at the maximum.
Here comes,first, Gerrit Smith, (Smith is his true
name, I believe, and he is not a shifty member
the universal Smith family, probably;) from the
Empire State, a radical, pure, and unadulterated
Abolitionist. His followers and admirers make
no bones in declaring their creed to be the universal
abolition of negro slavery everywhere, maintain-
ing their right to do so in perfect accord with the
doctrines of the Constitution, and law and order.
This, to say the least of it, is bold and manly;
but I suppose such a concern can never rise high
in the scale of parties. Their dogmas are too
essentially absurd and preposterous ever to com-
mand much position.
Next in order, we have a rear-admiral, a hero
of the sea, going strong; upon the restoration of
the Missouri compromise, and threatening and
breathing war and vengeance if his notions do not
prevail. Being rather too much of a Hotspur,
with but one State, and that onlv in part, to back
him, I think it likely his old fogyism upon the
subject of the Missouri compromise, nor his
uncommon vehemence, will aid him in gettfng
strongly on the track. He will probably break
down in the training, and we shall not be long
troubled with him.
Then comes the redoubtable Colonel Fr&nont,
a squatter hero and mountain adventurer—an in-
experienced statesman—a mere political bantling,
only remarkable for his dashing eccentricities,
well adapted for romantic exploits in terra incog-
nita, threading mountain passes and deep gorges;
having indomitable energy and hearty good will,
he can live as long on air as any other man, and
therefore the breeze that now has struck him no
doubf is quite an agreeable incident in his destiny.
Without experience as a statesman, with no ad-
ministrative talents to recommend him, he may
well be brought forward as the champion of the
Black Republicans. Backed by all their strength,
with such additional force as may be picked up by
bolting and selfish Know Nothingism,in its night-
fall of power andjlecay, he goes it strong on the
single idea of" no more slave States." With the
wild materials that compose hisMrmy it will prob-
ably be a close race between nim and ex-Pres-
ident Fillmore, who comes up as the fourth can-
didate in order.
Fillmore has had the advantage of having seen
some service at home,and has probably improved
himself by travels abroad—has seen what is to
be seen in western Europe—made a pilgrimage
to Rome, that classic land—mingled with the
Pope, as well as other dignitaries, and has an air
of nationality about him. He is generally backed
by the orthodox (so-called) Americans, has ac-
cepted their nomination, and his special friends
are making great efforts to bring into their disas-
trous embrace the remnant of old conservative
Henry Clay Whigs, whose chivalric party they
have, however, formally denounced. With all
these fortuitous atoms thrown into combination,
still their only hope is to be able to throw the
election of President into Congress. From such
a Congress, as an electoral college, may Heaven
forever defend us ! This I take it, is the height
of their ambition. If they can get it there, they
seem to be willing to trust to sheer luck. The
late election of Speaker, after an unprecedented
struggle, may well show where the luck will
terminate. His supporters will be disappointed
even in this calculation.
Fifthly, and the maximum, steps upon the noble
platform of the great conservative and constitu-
I tional party, Pennsylvania's favorite son—James
Buchanan—every inch a man, with genuine na-
tionality and whole-souled conservatism in every
movement. Not put up before—now the very
spirit for the times, as if providentially reserved
for this critical occasion; a link between the rev-
olutionary age and the present times; a cotempo-
rary of Jackson and or Polk; cautious, conserv-
ative, firm, and manly; sternly imbued in his
whole temperament with the spirit of the Consti-
tution and the Union, with large experience in
all national affairs, purified by long ana illustrious
service in all the prominent posts of the Govern-
ment, State and national, at home and in her
embassies abroad; with world-wide renown as a
patriot, statesman, and honest man—he comes
breathing the pure atmosphere of the Keystone
State—a most worthy and just compliment to
that patriotic Commonwealth, rich in internal
resource, moral power, and Democratic grandeur.
He has always borne himself in his high estate
as a true man. No charge can justly be made
against his rigid virtues, public or private. His
friends may well bid defiance to all assaul ts. The
very personified embodiment of manly Democ-
racy, and worthy representative of its unspotted
patriotism—the sage of Wheatland; the youthful
soldier, who marched, in the adolescence of his
career, to the assistance of a neighboring city;
whose monumental towers were threatened by a
foreign foe—the profound civilian. From nis
unexceptionable temperament, can any one who
knows nim fail to be inspired with the kindest
regard and the most profound affection for him ?
Unambitious, unobtrusive, with all the character-
istics of a philosophical statesman—telegraphed,1
it is reported, during one of our recent hot days,
as quietly reposing under the green shade of one
of his time-honored trees, with coat off, in des-
habille, leisurely and cozily enjoying the fumes of
the tranquilizing weed.
Under the lead and counsels of such a staid
patriot and conservative statesman, all sections
may well feel safe. The whole country will
looK upon his success as the harbinger of peace,
order, and good government—the full and vigor-
ous execution of all the duties of the presidential
station upon the most elevated national grounds,
knowingfno North, South, East, or West, with
the same great flag of union waving equally and
securely over all.
Pennsylvania may well be proud of her son and
her position, under such circumstances, and can
congratulate herself, indeed, as furnishing the key-
stone of our most noble arch.
Amid stoAn and tempest, when rockets flew
fast, Maryland's immortal bard, from the war-
ship of the enemy, where he was obliged to loiter
penned that imperishable effusion, " The Star-
spangled Banner." As he looked from his gloomy
