1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOHEL
Of i-
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sapp.
Ho.* of Reps.
quarters surrounded by the enemy, 'with des-
pondency shaking its cold glances around and
about him, he saw the American flag as it floated
still high in the breeze, and with the undying
impulse of a patriot's heart inspiring his soul,
exclaimed:
"The star-spangled banner ! oh, long may It wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave !"
' So may we, in this time of dread and conster-
nation, when the enemies of the Constitution and
the Union have well nigh taken one half of the
Capitol, feel cheering gratulation that our full
flag still floats over us, undimed and unobscured;
that our platform is the Constitution, securing to
all well-regulated liberty ; that our standard-
bearers, before high heaven and all earth, hold
up that national ensign, the " star-spangled ban-
ner," with all the stars and stripes emblazoned
upon its ample folds. So long as that waves
over sea and land, the rights of all, law, order,
and the Constitution, must prevail.
Upon such a platform, under such a banner,
and with such a standard-bearer, our noble and
gallant army—the Democratic rank and file—
aided and assisted, too, by all the conservative
men in the country, will rout the combined forces
of the opposition. The watchman and patriot,
as he observes the passing piovements, and notes
ihe signs in the political sky, will announce that
"All is well." God grant that we may be saved
from anarchy and ruin, and that this prophecy
may be realized!
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. R. SAPP,
OF OHIO,
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 23, 1856.
The House being in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union—
Mr. SAPP said:
Mr. Chairman: Standing here a representative
Si part of the great State of Ohio—the empire
of that West over which the star of empire still
shines to guide moving masses of emigrants—
multitudes
" Like to which the populous North,
Poured never from Jier frozen loins,
To cross the Rhine or Danau"—
and hearing the cherished principles of the peo-
ple of that State constantly assailed by the other
side of this House, I feel constrained to enter
now upon the discharge of a duty which other
pressures on my time have prevented me from
performing hitherto. It seems to me, sir, that
every representative of the free North should
speak out at this time, however briefly, in order
that a moral picture of the unanimity of senti-
ment which beats in the northern heart may be
reflected by her true representatives, and held
up for exhibition to the world, that all may see
and fully understand that, in no idle spirit of
threats and vaporing, but in all which evinces a
quiet, firm, and settled purpose, tjie North has
fully made up its mind that no more of our com-
mon territory shall have imposed upon it the
blighting institution of slavery—an institution
which separates parent and child on the auction
block; which shuts the gates of knowledge, and
which snatches from the weak all the hard-earned
fruits of their toil; an institution which upholds
an aristocracy founded on the humiliation of la-
bor; an institution that has violated the compro-
mise of 1820, by which the Territory of Kansas
was consecrated to free labor forever; an institu-
tion that is the bane of our social condition, that
has arrayed the South against the North, and
exposed us to danger from abroad; an institution
that has no sympathy with Democracy, but se-
cures to the slaveholder political power, making
one hundred slaves equal to sixty free white men;
an institution that exhausts the soil, and that
moistens it with blood and tears, and always
, wants to spread itself over new domain; an insti-
tution that regards disunion as among the means
of defense, and not always the last to be resorted
New Series.—No. 63.
to; an institution that usurped the name of De-
mocracy and adopted none of its principles; an
institution the extension of which has engaged
Congress and the people for the last two years,
while other matters of great interest and impor-
tance to the general welfare have been almost to-
tally neglected; an institution, in short, against
which are arrayed the sympathies of the civilized
world, and the hopes of our race.
Mr. Chairman, it is useless for the Represent-
atives from the South, and their echoes from the
North, to clamor about agitation and sectional-
ism—to charge upon us, the representatives of
freedom, the productions of the bitter fruits which
grew from the seed of their own planting. It is
upon them that the responsibility rests for the
present deplorable condition of things in this
country. No sooner had the excitement which
grew from the enactment of the compromise meas-
ures of 1850 subsided, than something must be
done to renew it. The President of the United
States—a mere tool in the hands of the conspira-
tors (I mean no disrespect to his high office)—
in violation of his oft-repeated pledges, using all
the appliances of power and patronage, repealed
the solemn compact of 1820, unsolicited by the
people—and launched us into a sea of trouble
from which the wisest pilots in the land have
not yet discovered the means of escape. But, Mr.
Chairman, it teaches us an important lesson, viz:
that little men are dangerous in high places! It
was hoped that everything would soon be moving
on quietly, " keeping step to the music of the
Union," when they, fearing it was only when a
tempest raged that they could ride into power,
sought for some new device to afford them the
means of gratifying, their grasping designs and
extending the institution of slavery. Suddenly
a new light burst upon them. The Missouri
compromise, which had existed for thirty-four
; years, the consideration for which had been fullv
paid the South, but for which the North had real-
ized nothing; which had, by the action of the
same men been indorsed by the embodiment of
the principles of it in the resolutions annexing
Texas to the United States, and which they had
also endeavored to extend to the Pacific ocean;—
this sacred measure, thus so often and so em-
phatically indorsed by them, presented itself to
their morbid minds as the material for agitation.
; Unconstitutional it was immediately proclaimed
by the Little Giant from Illinois, who, with his
eye upon the Presidency, cared not what conse-
quences were involved in manufacturing notoriety
which would give him' claims to the support of
the South. His unholy ambition thus made him
the tool of that section to introduce slavery into
this Territory, consecrated by that compromise
to freedom, and brought forth the measure which
destroyed that time-honored olive branch. And
how was it passed, sir? In the Senate, where
slavery holds the iron rod over the heads of its
menials, it passed not without earnest and bitter
remonstrance, but at least in conformity with
strict parliamentary order. In this body, all rules
of order were violated by a northern doughface
who sat in that chair presiding over the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and who coolly made decisions
to hasten the consummation of the iniquity*
And, sir, this measure passed. The Missouri
compromise was murdered at the hour of mid-
night. The guns of the pro-slaveryites rejoiced
at the foul work, and boomed forth from this
capital their peals, which, resounding in the
North, told its people that slavery had again
triumphed. Campbell tells us that "Freedom
shrieked when Kosciusko fell." So, sir, did free-
dom shriek when the Kansas Nebraska iniquity
was passed, and the cry went forth that more free
territory had been prostituted to slavery. And
yet, Mr. Chairman, the men who committed this
outrage clamor about agitation! I told them,
with my humble voice, when they were march
ing their forces to destroy the Missouri compro-
mise, what the result would be. It was not
necessary to be a prophet, or a son of a prophet,
to foresee what was coming. How truthfully
have the general anticipations been realized!
Charge us with agitation, sir! The people will
hold your misnamed Democratic party responsi-
ble for it. When they elevated your nominee,
Franklin Pierce, to the Presidency, the condition
of the bond that secured his election was, that
there should be no more agitation. Everything
then was in a happy condition. The waters,
which for some years had been ruffled by the
storm of strife and excitement, had nearly been
allayed, and it, seemed as if the heyday of our
t national existence was fast approaching. Frank-
1 lin Pierce was inaugurated. He immediately be*
gan setting his wires for the succession. Political
trickery was substituted for exalted statesman-
; ship. A kitchen cabinet, constituting, a power
behind the throne greater than the throne itself,
was established. With a view to divert attention
from domestic misrule, foreign wars were lightly-
threatened. Weak nations were bullied. Grey-
town was destroyed. All the little tricks which
the genius of the mere politician could devise,
! were concocted to promote the chances of the
| Executive for reelection. When the pinch came,
, in the issue with foreign nations, the white feather
! was shown. The Nebraska iniquity was con-
1 cocted with the very assent and connivance of
j! the Administration. Franklin Pierce bent the
: pliant hinges of his knee to the slave power, that
j thrift might follow fawning. The bill having
passed and received his signature, it was still
{ necessary to consummate the iniquity. Freedom's
I voice must be stifled in the selection of officers
of the new Territory. It was found that they
had been mistaken in Reeder and others of the,
appointees; they would not become in all respects
the suppliant tools of slavery. Pretexts for <heir
: j removal were hatched up and carried out. Pro-
i slaveryites were appointed to succeed them.
Armea Missourians controlled t|ie ballot-boxes
in the Territory, The President winks at it,
to please the South. He sends in a pro-slaVery
annual message to Congress before this H<Ase
was organized to receive it, for no other purpose
than to produce an effect upon some elections for
delegates to the Cincinnati Convention, in certain
southern States in which elections were just then
I about being held". Shortly after sends in another
message to tickle the South, libeling the anti-
slavery settlers in Kansas. He sends the mili-
tary forces of the Government to Kansas to pre-
vent the free exercise of sovereignty on the pact.
! of the free-State men of Kansas, and to enforce
the execution of the so-called laws of Kansas,
making every man kneel to the behests of slfwery.
Arrests for treason free-State men of Kansas who
had done no more than initiate a State organiza-
tion, to be put into operation when the State
should be admitted, recognizing freedom. Per-
mits the corrupt judges of the United States*
courts in Kansas to rerrftiin in office, who smile
at the murder of,anti-slavery residents, and who,
oppress, by the power of the courts, every son-,
of freedom on that soil. Fathers are muraered,
and their children and wives left orphans and;
widows. The soil of the Territory is drenched.'
with blood thus ruthlessly shed. The bones of
the victims lie bleaching on the plains, as an evi-
dence of how men engaged in a peaceful battle for'
freedom are made victims to the insatiable appe-,
tites of the propagandists of slavery. The advo- -
cates of freedom are murdered for the exercise of "
the right of speech. The freedom of the press,'
guarantied by the Constitution, is subverted,and ,
the contents of the printing offices thrown by
ruthless mobs into the rivers; its conductors rode •
on rails; ministers of the Gospel tarred and feath-,
ered; lawyers, and other professional men of the '
free-State party, forced to flee the Territory for •
their lives. An officer of the Kansas committee,
clothed with the dignity of this House, arrested,
and only given up at the pleasure of the pro-
slavery partisans. Armed bodies of Missouri-
invaders preventing the peaceful settlement of
free-State emigrants on the lands. Test oaths,
requiring obedience to unconstitutional laws, and
forcing men to perjure their consciences, pre-
scribed as necessary to entitle them to vote. Free-
State men forced to yield up their arms, so neces- ,
; sary for their protection against all the perils
: incident to a home in a new country. The citi-
i zens of a neighboring State controlling affairs in
Kansas, and arresting such of the free-State men ,
as they choose on their going into or leaving tb«
Territory. And, finally, robbing the mails, and
