m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL£)BE.
[July 23,
34th Ccwg....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sapp.
Ho. of Reps.
violating private correspondence. It is for these
crimes«that we arraign Franklin Pierce, and his
accessories before ana after the facts, before that
august tribunal which holds its sittings in Novem-
ber, and from which there is, happily, no appeal.
We shall prove these crimes against you; judg-
ment will be pronounced, and execution will
follow. From this position you need not hope
to escape. Your graves will be yet dog before
the breath leaves your bodies.
Mr. Chairman, the South is continually com-
manding us not to agitate. It makes slave State
after slave State, and when the North protests,
it cries out, "Do not agitate!" It made, by a
single act, over sixty-eight thousand square miles
(Florida) of slave territory a Slate. At another,
it made three hundred and twenty-five thousand
square miles (Texas) of slave territory a State.
Tne North murmurs; again the South cries, " Do
not agitate!" Again and again has the North
yielded. At last, gaining assurance from the fre-
quent concessions of the North, the Missouri
compromise is blotted out. The North protests
solemnly and earnestly. The South again cries
out, " Do not agitate!" The blood of our brethren
cries to us from the ground; still the South cries,
"Do not agitate!" I tell you, Mr. Chairman,
the time for silence and submission has passed
by. " Are we to lie supinely on our backs, and
hug the delusive phantom of hope until our ene-
mies (the slave power) shall have bound us hand
and foot?" No, sir, we will.agitate, and not only
agitate, but act, until Kansas is free, and until
the Missouri compromise is in fact or in effect
restored. You cannot put us to sleep that you
may rob us of our rights. The time when it
were possible to do it has passed by. Mr.
Chairman, let us see what has been the effect of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise. I have
already stated it in general terms: let us come to
the facts in detail. The Kansas and Nebraska
bill passed. Immediately, that Territory, which
had up to that time been aa ptecid as the ocean
in aeatm,.became as turbulent fes the waters when
agitated- by a mighty storm. The people were
to meet peacefully at the polls, and by that mighty
instrument—the ballot—the purity and integrity
of which were the only shield to protect them—
elect their local Legislature, and such other offi-
cers as were left to their choice by the organic!
law. The election takes place. Was it a fair con-
test between conflicting opinions ? Did the bona
fide voters alone exercise suffrage in that Terri-
tory ? A few extracts from the report of the select
committee, on the part ofthis House, which went
to Kansas, will be sufficient in itself to answer
that question, which I herewith submit:
" In October, A. D. 1854, Governor A- H. Boeder and the
other officers Appointed by the President arrived in the Ter-
ritory. Settlers ftom all parts) of the country were moving
in in great numbeis, making their claims and building their
cabins.. About the same time, and before any election was
or could tie held in the Territory, a secret political society
Was formed in the State of Missouri, (1.) It was known by
different names, such as ' Social Band,'1 Friends' Society/
'Blue Lodge,' ' The Sons of'the South.' Its members
were bound together by secret oaths, and they had pass-
words, signs, and.grips, by which they were known to each
other. Penalties were imposed fbr violating the rules and
secret* of the order. Written minutes were kept of the
proceedings of the lodges^ and the different lodges were con-
nected together by an effective organization. It embraced
gteat numbers of the citizens ot Missouri, and was ex-
tended into other slave States and into the Territory. Its
allowed purpose was not only'to' extend slavery into Kan-
sa*? but also into other territory of- the United ■ States, and .
to form a union of all the friends of that institution. Its
plan of operating was to organize and send men tp rote at '
the elections in the Territory, to collect money to pay their
expenses, and if necessary to protect them in voting. 11
alsoproposed to induce pro-slavery men to emigrate into
the Territory, to aid and sustain them while there, and to
elect none to office but those friendly to-4lieir views. This
dangerous society was controlled by men who avowed their
purpose to extend slavery into the Territory at all hazards,
and was altogether the most effective instrument in organ-
izing the subsequent armed invasions and forays. In its
lodges in Missouri the affaire of Kansas were discussed, the
force necessary to control the election was divided into
bands, and leaders selected, means were collected, and
signs and badges were agreed upon. While the great body
of the actual settlers of the Territory were relying upon the
rights secured to them by the organic law, and had formed
nO organization or combination whatever, even of a party
character, this conspiracy against their rights was gathering1
strength ir. a neighboring State, and would have bien suffi-
cient at their first election to have overpowered them, if
they had been united to a man.
"Your committee bad great difficulty in eliciting the
proof of the details in regard to this secret society. One
witness, member of the Legislative Council, refused to
answer questions in reference to it, (2.) Another declined
to answer fully, because to do so would result to his injury,
(3.) Others could or would only answer as to the general
purposes of the society, but sufficient is disclosed in the
testimony to show the influence it had in controlling the
elections in the Territory." *****
" The testimony clearly shows, that before the proposi-
tion to repeal the Missouri compromise was introduced
into Congress, the people of Western Missouri appeared in-
different to the prohibition of slavery into the Territory,
and neither asked nor desired its repeal." * * *
" Election or the Legislature.
" First District—March 30,1855.—Lawrence. The com-
pany of persons who marched into this district collected in
Ray, Howard, Carroll, Boone, La Fayette, Randolph, Sa-
line, and Cass counties, in the State of Missouri." * *
" The evening before, and the morning of the day of elec-
tion, about one thousand men from the above counties
arrived at Lawrence, and camped in a ravine a short dis-
tance from town,near the place of voting." * * *
" They were armed with guns, rifles, pistols, and bowie-
knives, and had tents, music and flags with them, (23.) They
brought with them two pieces of artillery, (24,) loaded with
musket balls, (25.)" *******
" The evening before the election, while in camp, the
Missourians were called together at the tent of Captain
Claiborne P. Jackson, and speeches were made to them by
Colonel Young and others, calling for volunteers to go to
other districts where there were not Missourians enough to
control the election, and there were more at Lawrence
than were needed there, (27.) Many volunteered to go;
and the morning of the election several companies, from
one hundred ana fifty to two hundred men each, went off
to Tecumseh, Hickory Point, Bloomington, and other places
(28.) ' * * * * * * * * * *
"Before the voting had commenced, the Missourians said,
if the judges appointed by the Governor did not receive
their votes, they would choose other judges, (47.) Some
of (hem voted several times, changing their hats or coats,
and coming up to the window again." * * *
"The whole number of names appearing upon the poll-lists
is 1,034. After full examination, we are satisfied that not
over two hundred and thirty-twoof these were legal voters,
and eight hundred and two were non-resident and illegal
voters. This district is strongly in favor of making Kansas
a free State, and there is no doubt that the free-State can-
didates for the Legislature would have been elected by
large minorities, if none but the actual settlers had voted.
" Second District—Bloomington. — On the morning of
election, the judges appointed by the Governor appeared
and opened the polls. The Missourians began to eome in
early on the morning, some five hundred or six hundred of
them, in wagons and carriages, and on horseback, under
the lead of Samuel J. Jones, then postmaster at Westport,
Missouri, Claiborne F. Jackson, and Mr.Steelv, of Inde-
dendence, Missouri. They were armed with double-bar-
reled guns, rifles, bowie-knives, and pistols, and bad flags
hoisted, (66.)" * * * * . * *
"In pursuance of Jackson's request, they tied white
tape or ribbons ih their buttonholes, so as to distingnish
them, from the 'Abolitionists,' (7%) They again demanded
that the judges should resign, and upon their refusing todo
so, smashed in the window, sash and all, and presented
their pistols and guns to them, threatening to shoot them,
(74.) Some one on the outside cried out to them not to shoot,
as there were pro-slavery men in the room with the
judges, (75.) They then put a pry under the corner of the
house,which was a log house, and lifted it up a few inches,
and let it fall again, (76,) but desisted upon being told there
were pro-slavery men in the house. During this time the
crowd repeatedly demanded to be allowed to vote without
being sworn; and Mr. Ellison, one of the judges, expressed
himself willing, but the other two judges refused, (77;)
thereupon a body of men, headed by ' Sheriff Jones,'
rushed into the judges'room with cocked pistols and drawn
bowie-knives in their bands, and approached Burson and
Ramsay, (78.) Jones pulled out his watch and said he would
give them five minutes to resign in, or die, (79.) When the
five minutes had expired, and the judges did not resign,
Jones said he would «ive them another minute and no
more, (80.) Ellison told his associates that if they did not
resign, there would be one hundred shots fired into the room
in less than fifteen minutes, (81;) and then snatching up
the ballot-box ran out into the crowd, holdingup the ballot-
box and hurraing tor Missouri, (80.) About this time Burson
and Ramsay were called out by their friends, and not suf-
fered to return, (83.) They then chose two new judges,
and proceeded with the election, (92.)
"They also threatened to kill the judges if they did not
receive their votes without swearing them, or else resign,
(92.) They said no man should vote who would submit to
be sworn—that they would kill any one who would offer to
do so—' shoot him,'' cut his guts out,' &c, (93.) They said
no man should vote this day unless he voted an open ticket,
and was ' all right on the goose,' (94.)
" The citizens of tlie Territory were not armed, except
those who took part in the mob, (104,) and a large portion
of them did not vote, (105;) three hundred and forty-one
votes were polled there that day, of which but some thirty
were citizens, (106.") ******
" We are satisfied from the. testimony that, had the ac-
tual settlers alone voted, the free-State candidates would
have been elected by a handsome majority." * *
" Third District—Tecumseh.—On the 28th of March, per-
sons from Clay, Jackson, and Howard counties, Missouri,
began to come into Tecumseh, in wagons, carriages, and
on horseback, armed with guns, bowie-knives, and revolv-
ers; and with threats ; and encamped close by the town,
and con tinted camping until the day of election, (110.) The
night before the election two hundred men were sent for
from the camp of Missourians at Lawrence, (111.) On the
morning of the election, before the polls were opened, some
three or four hundred Missourians aud others were col-
lected in the yard about the house of Thomas Stinson,
where the election was to be held, armed with bowie-
knives, revolvers, and clubs, (112.) They said they came
to vote, and whip the damned Yankees, and would vote
without being sworn, (113.)" *****
"Tlie judges could not agree concerning the oath to be
taken by themselves, and the oath to be administered to
tlie voters, Mr. Burgess desiring to administer the oath pre-
scribed by the Governor, and the other two judges opposing
it, (116.) During this discussion between the judges, which
lasted some time, tlie crowd outside became excited and
noisy, threatening and cursing Mr. Burgess, the free-State
judge, (117.) Persons were sent at different times by the
crowd outside into the room where tlie judges were, with
threatening messages, especially against Mr. Burgess, and
at last ten minutes were given them to organize in, or leave;
and as the time passed, persons outside would call out the
number of minutes left, with threats against Burgess if he
did not agree to organize, (118.) At the end of that time,
the judges not being able to organize, left the room, and
the crowd proceeded to elect nine judges, and carry on the
election, (119.) The free-State men generally left the
ground without voting, stating that there was no use in
their voting there." * * * * * "A large
majority, four to one, of the actual settlers of that district
were free-State men, (124); and there cannot be the least
doubt that if none but the actual settlers of the district had
voted at that election, the free-State candidate would have
been elected. The number of legal votes in the district,
according to the census returns, was one hundred and one.
The total number of votes cast was three hundred and
seventy-two, and of these but thirty-two are on the returns;
and, from the testimony and records, we are satisfied that
not over forty legal votes were cast at that election. A body
of armed Missourians came into the district previous to
the election, and encampod there, (125.) Before the time
arrived for opening tlie polls, the Missourians went to an-
other than the town appointed for the election ; and one of
the judges appointed by the Governor, and two chosen by
the Missourians, proceeded to open the polls and carry on
the election, (126.) The Missourians said none but pro-
slavery men should vote, and threatened to shoot any free-
State man who should come up to vote, (127)." * *
"Fourth District.-'The free-State men, finding the polls
under the control of non-residents, refused to, and did not,
vote, (130.) They constituted a dscided majority of the
actual settlers, (131.) A petition, signed by a majority of
the residents of the district, was sent to the Governor, (132.)
The whole number of voters in this district, according to
the census returns, was forty-seven; the number of votes
cast was eighty, or whom but fifteen were residents; the
number of residents whose names are on the census-rolls,
who did not vote, was thirty-two.
" Fifth District.—For some days prior to the election,
companies of men were organized in Jackson, Cass, and
Clay counties, Missouri, for the purpose of coming to the
Territory and voting in this fifth district, (133.) The day
previous to the election, some four hundred or five hundred
Missourians, armed with guns, pistols, and knives, came
into the Territory and camped, some at Bull Creek, and
others at Potawatamie Creek, (134.) Their camps were,
about sixteen miles apart. On the evening before the elec-
tion, Judge Hamilton, of the Cass county court, Missouri,
came from the Potawatamie Creek camp to Bull Creek for
sixty more Missourians, as they had not enough there to
render the election certain, and about that number went
down there with him, (135.) On the evening before the
election, Dr. B. C. Westfall was elected toact as one of the
judges of election in the Bull Creek precinct, in place of
one of the judges appointed by the Governor, who, it was
said, would not be there the next day, (136.) Dr. Westfall
was at that time a citizen of Jackson county, Missouri,
(137.) On the inoming of the election, the polls for Bull
Creek precinct were opened, and, without swearing the
judges, they proceeded to receive the votes of all who
offered to vote. For the sake of appearance, would get
some one to come to the window ana "offer to votej and
when asked to be sWorn he would pretend to grow angry
at the judges, and would go away, and his name would be.
put down as having offered to vote, but ' rejected, refusing
to be sworn.' This arrangement was made previously, and
perfectly understood by the judges, (138.) But few or the
residents of the district were present at the election, and
only thirteen voted, (139.) The number of votes cast in the
precinct was three hundred and ninety-three.
" One Missonrian voted for himself, and then voted for his
little son, but ten ot eleven years old, (140.) Colonel Coffer,
Henry Younger, and Mr. Lykins, who were voted for and
elected to tlie Legislature, were residents of Missouri at
the time, (141.) Colonel Coffer subsequently married in the
Territory. After the polls were closed the returns were
made, and a man, claiming to be a magistrate, certified on
them that he had sworn the judges of election before open-
ing the polls, (142.) In tlie Potawatamie precinct the Mis-
sourians attended the election, and after threatening Mr.
Chesnut, the only judge present appointed by the Governor,
to induce him to resign, they proceeded to elect two other
judges—one a Missonrian ami the other a resident of an-
other precinct of that district. The polls were then opened,
and all the Missourians were allowed to vote without being
sworn." * * * * * * * *.*
" Colonel Young, a citizen of Missouri, hut a candidate for
and elected to the Territorial Legislative Council, was pre-
sent and voted in\he precinct. He claimed that all Missou-
rians who were present on the day of election were enti-
tled to vote. But thirty or forty of the citizens of the pre-
cinct were present, and many of them did not vote, (Mo.)
At the Little Sugar precinct, the election seemed lo have
been conducted fairly, and there a free-State inaionty waa
polled, (146.) From the testimony, the whole district ap-
pears to have been largely free-State, had lione^ but
actual settlers voted, the free State candidates would have
been elected by a large majority. From a ^ul exMrnnft-
tion of the testimony the records, we find liiAt Iran
%
