1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBtf.
Wi
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sapp.
Ho. of Reps.
securely fastened to the ankle of such convict with a strong
loci: and key; and such keeper or other person having
charge  f such convict may, if necessary, confine such
convict while so engaged at hard labor, by other chains,
or other means, in his discretion, so as to keep such convict
secure and prevent his escape; and when there shall be
two or more convicts under the charge of such keeper, or
other person, such convicts shall be fastened together by
strong chains, with strong locks and keys, during the time
such convicts shall be engaged in hard labor without the
walls of any jail or prison.
'■ Sec. 3. Whenever any convict shall be employed at
labor Tor any incorporate town or city, or any county, such |
town, city, or county, shall pay into the territorial treasury 1
the sum of fifty cents for each convict, for every day such j
convict shall be engaged at such labor; and whenever such ,
convict shall be employed upon private hiring at labor, i t '
■ball be at such price eacb, per day, as may be agreed upon
with such keeper or other person having charge of such:
and the proceeds of said labor shall be collected by such
keeper and put into the territorial treasury."
Page 252:
"Sec.27. If any slave shall commit petit larceny, Or shall
steal any neat cattle, sheep or hog, or be guilty of any mis-
demeanor, or other offense punishable under the provisions
of this act only by fine or imprisonment in a county jail, or
by both such fine and imprisonment, he shall, instead of
such punishment, be punished, if a male, by stripes on his
bare back not exceeding thirty-nine, or if a female, by im-
prisonment in a county jail not exceeding twenty-one days,
or by stripes not exceeding twenty-one, at the discretion of
the justice."
Page 282:
" Sec. 11. Every free white male citizen of the United
States, and every free male Indian who is made a citizen
by treaty or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-one years,
who shall be an inhabitant of this Territory, and of the
county or district in which he offers to vote, and shall have
paid a territorial tax, shall be a qualified elector for all
elective officers; and all Indians whoare inhabitants of this
Territory, and who may have adopted the customs of the
white man, and who are liable to pay taxes, shall be deemed
citizens: Provided, That no soldier, seaman or marine in
the regular Army or Navy of the United States, shall be en-
titled to vote, by reason of. being on service therein : Jliul
provided further, That no person who shall have been con-
victed of any violation of any provision of an act of Con-
gress entitled, 'An act respecting fugitives from justice,
and persons escaping from the service of their masters,' ap-
proved February 12,1793; or of an act to amend and sup-
plementary to said act, approved 18th September, 1850;
whether such conviction were by criminal proceeding or by
civil action for the recovery of any penalty prescribed by
either of said acts, in any courts of the United States, or of
any State or Territory, of any offense deemed infamous,
shall be entitled to vote at any election, or to hold any office
in this Territory: -And provided further, That if any per-
son offering to vote shall be challenged and required to take
an oath or affirmation, to be administered by one of the
judges of the election, that he will sustain the provisions of
the above-recited acts of Congress, and of the act entitled
'An act to organize the Tenitories of Nebraska and Kansas,'
approved May 30,1854, and Shall refuse to take such oath
or affirmation, the vote of such person shall be rejected.
" Sec. 12. Every person possessing the qualification of
a voter, as hereinbefore prescribed, and who shall have re-
sided in this Territory thirty days prior to the election at
which he iuay offer himself as a candidate, shall be eligible
as a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to either branch of the Legislative Assembly, and
to all other offices in this Territory, not otherwise especially
E'ovided for: Provided, however, That each member of the
egislative Assembly, and every officer elected or appointed
to office under the laws of this Territory, shall, in addition
to the oath or affirmation specially provided to be taken by
such officer, take an oath or affirmation to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, the provision of an act enti-
tled 'An act respecting fugitives from justice and persons
escaping from the service of their masters,' approved Feb-
ruary 12,1793, and of an act to amend and supplementary
to said last mentioned act, approved September 18,1850;
and of an act entitled' An act to organize the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas,' approved May 30,1854."
Page 283:
" Sec. 19. Whenever any person shall offer a vote, he
shall be presumed to be entitled to vote.
" Sec. 20. Whenever any person offers to vote, his vote
may be challenged by one of the judges, or by any voter,
and the judges of the election may examine him touching
his right to vote; and if so examined, no evidence to con-
tradict shall be received."
■ Page 345:
" Sec. 8. No negro or mulatto, held as a slave within this
Territory, or lawfully arrested as a fugitive from service
from another State or Territory, shall be discharged, nor
shall his right of freedom be had under the provisions of
this act."
Page 378:
" Sec. 13. No person who is conscientiously opposed to
the holding of slaves, or who does not admit the right to
Gold slaves in this Territory, shall be a juror in any cause
in which the right to hold any person in slavery is involved,
nor in any cause in which any injury done to, or committed
by, any slave is in issue, nor in any criminal proceeding for
tbe violation of any law enacted for the protection of slave
property, and for the punishment of crime committed against
the right to such property."
• Page 438: .
" Sec. 1. All officers elected or appointed under any ex-
isting or subsequently enacted laws of this Territory, shall
take and subscribe the following oath of office: ' I, ——,
do solemnly swear upon the holy Evangelists of Almighty
God, that I will support the Constitution of the United
States, and that I will support and sustain the provisions
of an act entitled, " An act to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas," and the provisions of the law of the
United States commonly known as the " fugitive slave law,"
and faithfully and impartially, and to the best of my ability,
demean myself in the discharge of my duties in the office
of ; so help me God.'"
j Page 604:
" Skc. 3. If any free person, by speaking or by writing,
assert or maintain that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, or shall introduce into this Terri-
tory, print, publish, write, circulate, or cause to be intro-
, duced into this Territory, written, printed, published, or
: circulated in this Territory, any book, paper, magazine,
1 pamphlet, or circular, containing any denial of the right of
j persons to hold slaves in this Territory, such persons shall
I be deemed guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment
at hard labor for a term of not less than two years.
" Sec. 4. If any person shall entice, decoy, or carry away
out of this Territory any slave belonging to another, with
intent to deprive the ower thereof of the services of such
slave, or with intent to effect or procure the freedom of
such slave, he shall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny,
and, on conviction thereof, shall suffer death, or be im-
prisoned at hard labor for not less than ten years.
" Sec. 5. If any person shall aid or assist in enticing,
decoying, or persuading, or carrying away, or sending out
of this Territory any slave belonging to another, with intent
to procure or effect the freedom of such slave, or with
intent to deprive the owner thereof of the services of such
slave, he shall be adjuaged guilty of grand larceny, and,
on conviction thereof, shall suffer death, or be imprisoned
at hard labor for not less than tea years."
Page 605:
" Sec. 11. If any person print, write, introduce into,
publish, or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed,
written, published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or
assist in bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating,
within this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, maga-
zine, handbill, or circular, containing any statements,
arguments, opinions, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innu-
endo, calculated to producc a disorderly, dangerous, or re-
bellious disaffection among the slaves in this Territory,
or to induce such slaves to escape from the service of their
masters, or to resist their authority, he shall be guilty of
felony, and be punished by imprisonment and hard labor
for a term not less than five years.
"Sec. 12. If any free person, by speaking or by writing,
assert or maintain that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, or shall introduce into this Territo-
ry, print, publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced
into this Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated
in this Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or
circular, containing any denial of the right of persons to
hold slaves in this Territory, such persons shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard la-
bor for a term of not less than two years.
" Sec. 13. No person who is conscientiously opposed to
holding slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of
any prosecution for any violation of any of the sections of
this act."
Mr. Chairman, do southern gentlemen think
that the people of the North will remain quiet
anil see their brothers and their fathers persecuted
by these inhuman laws ?—laws preventing the
peaceful discussion of the slavery question—
laws conceived in fraud, and brought and en-
forced in iniquity—laws that are enough to make
the blood of every freeman curdle in ins veins—
laws disqualifying anti-slavery men from sitting
on juries, compelling them to take detestable
oaths before they can vote ? These are the laws
under which freemen of the North are mobbed,
murdered, and persecuted, their property de-
stroyed, their printing-presses thrown in the
river, their houses sacked and pillaged, them-
selves arrested and shut up in prison, or guarded
on the open plains by inhuman wretches.
Mr. Chairman, is there any man on this floor
who possesses the political or professional hard-
ihood to defend these laws—these pretended
laws—of Kansas Territory ? I should like to see
that man, Mr. Chairman, with the laws of Kan-
sas in one hand, the Constitution of the United
States in the other, endeavoring to reconcile the
two.
These laws, sir, are fit to have emanated from
some barbarous king. They are too tyrannical,
oppressive, and infamous, to mention, much less
to De defended. They were made to prevent a
fair trial of the issue between freedom and slavery
in Kansas. They were made to drive out of,
and keep away from, Kansas, free men, that
slavery might have everything its own way.
They, sir, assumed slavery to exist there; settled
the question at once against freedom by violence
and Fraud. That is the object, sir. And are the
sons of the North, who go to Kansas, to regard
these laws, which violate one of the provisions
of the Kansas bill, put on it to sugar the dose,
which was—" that the true intent and meaning
of the bill was not to legislate .slavery into the
Territory ?" Are we to be told, sir, that we are
traitors, because we say that these laws, uncon-
stitutional as they are, should not be regarded?
Is every system of outrage to be visited upon
our friends in Kansas because they protest
against these laws? I tell you, sir, that our rei£
olutionavy fathers had not half the reason for
rebelling against the British Government, as
have the free-State men in Kansas for rebelling
against that of the slave power. In the courts
they have no remedy. The courts are the will-
ing tools of the same oppressive power. Slavery
dictates the edicts of the courts. These, sir, axe
a part only of the series of infamies which have
been used to oppress freedom, and which the
people of the country will, as sure as the sun
rises in the east, condemn in November next.
Mr. Chairman, it is in vain that gentlemen
on the other side of the House endeavor to palli-
ate the consequences resulting from their viola-
tion of plighted faith, by the assertion that the
Missouri compromise was unconstitutional, and
that by its repeal you established squatter sov-
ereignty. It is a miserable delusion you are
attempting to palm off upon the people. You
stultify the intellects of the best men from the
South who voted for the compromise, by making
such an allegation. They were as capable of
judging what was constitutional as the would-be
"bright, shining lights in the political horizon of
the presentday. If they were, then, by declaring
this act unconstitutional, you fix upon their
memories the stigma of violating the Constitution
for the purpose of gaining temporary advantage.
I, sir, will never calumniate the memories of the
giant dead who represented the South in that day,
by even supposing such a thing. I glory in the
recollection of their brilliant statesmanship as
much as any man upon this floor. Let, then,
this imputation upon their integrity come from
their own sons, and not from a represenative of
the North.
It was not because the South believed this
Missouri compromise was unconstitutional, that
they repealed it. No, it was because they wanted
to extend slavery. That was their object. They
were willing to forget the memories of their great
statesmen who voted for it; to forget the sacred
obligations of the compact; to take the price
which was to defray their share of the consider-
ation ; and then, before the North had received
any part of her share, to violate their honor by
repealing it—all for the purpose of making free
territory slave soil.
Mr. Chairman, I will not argue the constitu-
tional power to prohibit slavery in the Territo-
ries. The Constitution says that " Congress
shall have power to dispose of and make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tory or other property belonging to the United
States." Congress exercised this power in en-
acting the ordinance of 1787. The power to dis-
pose of is the highest power known.. It carries
within its immense scope all minor relative pow-
ers. The extract from the Constitution which
I have read, the exercise of authority under it for
sixty years by the fathers of the Republic to pro-
mote freedom, is sufficient to satisfy the dullest
intellect that slavery can be prohibited by Con-
gress. But, sir, as I said before, the repeal of
the Missouri compromise was not induced by
the idea of its unconstitutionality. The exten-
sion of slavery was the object. It alone was
the incentive.
The contest between freedom and slavery has
now approached a crisis. It is useless to talk to
me about having a fair fight in the Territories
between the North and South, and that, in the
absence of positive prohibition, the North will
win. You need not tell me of the great emigrat-
ing spirit of the sons of the North, so much more
active and quick in moving than those of the
South. I am proud to believe that, in that energy
and industry which is so necessary to induce the
population of a newcountry-to hewdown mighty
forests and build up proud States, the hardy sons
of the North have far the advantage of the men
of the South. But of what use is that energy?
Where are the results to be derived froip it, if it
is met by the competition of the gigantic interests
of slavery, an interest which has prostituted to
