18U8.]
APPENDIX to THE congressional gloSM.
99$
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sapp.
Ho. op Reps.
oft-repeated precedent. The population of Louis-
iana was but thirtv-four thousand when she |
Ix-came a State. Indiana had but twenty-three j
thousand eight hundred and ninety when she
was admitted; Mississippi twenty-eight thou-
sand; Arkansas twenty-five thousand six hun-
dred and seventy-one; Michigan thirty-one thou-
sand; and Florida twenty-seven thousand nine
hundred and forty-three. Those are the prece-
dents. But the argument of want of population
is neutralized by the action of the slave-power
itself, in passing in the Senate Judge Douglas's
(afias Mr. Toombs's) bill. This bill waives the
objection to population. I consider, therefore,
that objection answered. As to this bill of the
Senate, conceived by Toombs, and reported by
DorGLAS, I am opposed to it. It makes the Pres-
ident of the United States the arbiter of its des-
tinies. That is enough for me. The conduct of
President Pierce, already in reference to Kansas,
settles the fact that the North can have no justice
at his hands. I would not speak of that high
officer disrespectfully, but he knows, and we
know, whose nands are wet with the blood of the
murdered in Kansas. Pro-slavery officials would
be appointed to subserve the slave power in mak-
ing the new State, and under that bill Kansas
would be irretrievably lost to freedom. " Fear
the Greeks when they bring you presents," is the
English of an old Latin adage, and is an appro-
priate application to the smooth-tongued con-
cessions which the votaries of slavery pretend
they make to freedom in that bill.
Mr. Chairman, the North has but one course
to pursue in the next presidential contest, and
that is to vote the Republican ticket. The Dem-
ocratic platform is weighed down with its pro-
slavery provisions. It indorses the adminis-
tration of President Pierce, embracing all the
outrages inflicted on poor Kansas. Its candidate,
Mr. Buchanan, stands flat-footed upon it, as
does Mr. Breckinridge, who, besides, is a slave-
holder. Elect these men, standing on that plat-
form, and you declare for slavery and against
freedom.
Mr. Chairman, the issue between the great
political parties of the day is Slavery and Free-
bom. Each occupies equal vantage-ground; their
leaders have been announced, and are in the field.
The party of slavery has the flags of all the old
parties. Buchanan brings the Black-cockade
Federal flag. Wise,. Cushing, Toombs, and
Benjamin, the Whig flag. Cass and Hunter, the
Democratic flag. Ex-President Van Buren and
his son John, the Free-Soil flag. Senator Adams,
(of Mississippi,) the Native American flag.
Pierce and Douglas, the red flag of fillibuster-
ism. Atchison and Stringfellow, the black flag of
slavery. With all these old flags the party as-
sume the name of Democracy, and say that the
Democratic party have swallowed all the old par-
ties, and in reply to which I only have to say,
the whale swallowed Jonah—Jonah was heard
of afterwards—the whale never. It is fair to pre-
sume that the Democratic party will not be heard
of after the presidential election in November
next. The slave party may.
Why is it, Mr. Chairman, that the so-called
Democratic party have taken upon themselves
the right of calling the party of freedom Black
Republicans? Is it because the principles of that
party harmonize with justice and humartity, and
insist upon the elevation of human labor? Is
it because the party of freedom maintains the
union of the States, one and inseparable, now
and forever, as the highest duty of the American
?eople, to themselves, to posterity, and mankind?
s it because the party of freedom will course
this country with railroads, improve her harbors I
and rivers, and whiten every ocean and sea with |
her commerce, to promote the interest and happi- ;
ness of the people of these great States, and bind '
them together with bonds of interest and affection?
Is it because the party of freedom loves tranquillity
and prosperity, and opposes the extension of slave
laborer putting it in competition with free white
labor? is it because the party of freedom desire
to secure high wages for labor, which is the great >
agent for the prosperity and happiness of our I
country ? Is it because the party of freedom op- I
posed 'the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
which purported to be a perpetual league of friend-1
ship and amity between the North and the South ?
Is it because the party of freedom is not ready to
do the bidding of the slave power? Is it becausAhe
party of freedom is opposed to an aristocracy
which consists of human bodies and souls, ana
feasts upon African slave labor? Is it because the
party of freedom is opposed to the political power
of the slaveholder in estimating onehundred'slaves
equal to sixty white men ? Is it because the party
of freedom will not sustain the cursed acts of the
Logus Legislature of Kansas, which blackens the
character of American legislators ? It cannot be;
it is to be traced to some other cause.
Then, was it because the party of freedom sub-
mitted to the compromise measure of 1850, which
was a bill alio wing the slaveholders of the South to
command us of the North, under severe penalty,
to catch their runaway slaves? This, no doubt,
is the reason why the so-called Democratic party
have taken upon themselves to call us Black Re-
publicans.
Mr. Chairman, it is only in the Republican
platform that you find the true elements of a
eovernment of constitutional freedom. In the
South the entirety of the people are fast uniting
to make a sectional contest of the next presiden-
tial election, upon the pro-slavery candidates and i
pro-slavery platform of the Democratic party. [
Even the old-line Whigs are aiding Mr. Buch- i
anao, forgetful of the slanders heaped upon their 1
great leader, Mr. Clay, when he lived—slanders 1
charging that distinguished man of having sold ;
the vote of Kentucky to John Q.uincy Adams for
the Presidency, for the paltry consideration of a
seat in the Cabinet. .This slander was originated
by Mr. Buchanan—General Jackson gave him
as the author of it—and yet these old-line
Whigs are willing to blacken the memory of Mr.
Clay by voting for his traducers ! What does this
unanimity amongst men in the South, forgetful
of their past irreconcilable differences, fore-
shadow? It tells the North, in plain, unmis-
takable language, that the slavery interest is a
unit, and to repel its meditated aggression, the
North must also be united.
Mr. Chairman, No more Slave States, is my
motto. Let that be the motto of every votary
of freedom at the North. Let Kansas rather be
of the things that were, but are not, rather than
blast her prospects and blacken her history by
subjecting her to the purposes of slavery. Let
not this demoralizing institution shut out Kansas
from the settlement of the free white man. Let
not the white man from theNorth, who emigrates
with his family to Kansas, be subjected to the
taunts and jests of an aristocracy which inculcates
the idea that labor is only a drudgery fit to be
done by slaves in obedience to the commands of
the lash and the driver. I tell you, sir, if you
wish to retard the progress of the mighty empire,
omit to restrict slavery where the Missouri com-
promise justly prohibited it. Then, sir, you give
slavery a strong foothold on the western frontier.
Barricading, as it will, the Territory back of it
against the march of freedom, it will spread itself
—ay, sir, expand, until it has a controlling do-
minion over the vast domain between the Mis-
sissippi and the Pacific. Experience teaches us
this lesson; and I warn this Congress to look
well into the matter. I warn the people to ponder
well upon this subject, and to strike a decisive
blow for freedom ere it becomes too late. Let
slavery keep the advantage, and obtain the vic-
tory in this contest, and before long it will want
virtually to introduce slavery in the free States.
Already the right is claimed to hold them in our
territory as long as they please, whilst pretend-
ing to be in transitu, how long will it be before
other and more startling pretensions are set
up?
It hath been said, when bad men conspire;
good men should combine. Let the true freemen
of the North combine to stay the march of
slavery. Let Fremont, Freedom, and Dayton,
be the war-cry. With such a watch word upon
our banner, victory is sure to crown our efforts.
Let not the men of the North be deceived. In
1854 they were told that the Kansas bill would
make Nebraska and Kansas free. My own com-
petitor for Congress, (William Dunbar, Esq.,) in
his published speech accepting the Democratic
nomination, used remarks which illustrate to
southern men how the Kansas bill was defended
in the North. He said:
" The territories of Kansas and Nebraska being ftee, by
the express provisions of this very bill, whenever a slave-
holder voluntarily emigrates there with his slaves, so soon
as they set their feet upon the soil of those free Territories, m
they beeainc as free as tba air they breathe, and hsv« as
good a right to command their masters as their masters
have to command them. They are free by the voluntary
act of their masters; and there is no law, human or divine,
to reduce them again to a state of slavery."
I am satisfied, Mr. Chairman, that my com-
petitor believed all that he said. I have 110 idea
that he made the declaration alluded to for effect
only, and to delude the people of my district out
of their votes.
Mr. Chairman, what a miserable delusion—the
slaves would " have as good a right to command
their masters as their masters have to command
them!" Why, sir, if my honorable friend were
to repeat that speech in Kansas, he would be
hunted out of the Territory; he would not be
allowed to vote, and would be placed in the cat-,
egory of Reeder, Lane, and others, and very
likely he would be hung. The slaves*command
their masters ! Why, sir, the masters not only
drive the slaves in that Territory with the lash
and whip, but they drive the freemen of the
North out of the Territory who will not recog-
nize their right to do so. This was what the
Democratic party was preaching in the North in
1854. But they could not delude the people, sir.
They determined to have no more to do with a
counterfeit Pierce and Douglas, Kansas and
Nebraska, Buchanan and Breckinridge Democ-
racy. Away with it! hide its shame and its
crimes forever. The Democracy can no longer
deceive the people of the North with the cry of
freedom, when they are planting the seeds of
slavery. Too often has dissimulation been prac-
ticed upon them, for them to become again the
servile supporters of a spurious Democracy.
Mr. Chairman, already the hearts of the free-
men in the free States are thundering against the
present occupant of the White House, and have
a writ of ejectment to obtain possession of it, the
present tenant not having kept his covenants.
They will put in a tenant that will be true to the
great cause of freedom !
Mr. VALK. Mr. Chairman, if my friend from
Ohio will allow me, I would like to ask him who
is the individual that he feels so certain will be
the occupant of the White House in 1857 ?
Mr. SAPP. There is, indeed, a strange blind-
ness on the part of the gentleman. The answer
to his question is written on the wall in letters of
living light. None but those who will not see
can help seeing it. It is Fremont, freedom, and
a happy and glorious victory. I hope my friend
is satisfied.
Mr. VALK. How many stars are there upon
the field of azure in the Republican flag?
Mr. SAPP. There are more than fifteen, that
is certain. Neither in the North nor in the South,
in the East nor in the West, do we fling to the'
breeze of heaven any other fla  than that which
is resplendent with the glories that cluster around
a pure liberty of thought and speech, of life,
liberty, and property—the flag that floated over
our forefathers of the Revolution in their hour of
peril, and in the moment of their triumph covers
with its folds the great Republican party, of
which Fremont is the standard-bearer. The 2d
of November next will see victory again crown
that banner of freedom.
Mr. VALK. I may not use the same emphasis,
nor characterize my remarks with the force that
the gentleman does his; but I must be permitted
to say, that, in my opinion, which is equally
valid with the gentleman's, he will be disap-
pointed relative to the gentleman he has named'
occupying the White House in 1857. This is
my opinion, and it is worth as much as that of
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SAPP. Of course that only is an opinion^
It is an opinion beneath the political sagacity of
an infant. I would not condescend to entertain
any such. It is idle to believe, it is an insult to
the intelligence of the people to believe, that any
other than Fremont will be the next President.
They will send a man here for the first office of,
the Union who will fairly represent them. I do
