looe
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ^LO0E.
[August 2,
34th Gon6....1st Sess
National Polities'—Mr. Valk.
Ho. of Reps.
the political action this party propose, the an-
swer given is, that this very compact or compro-
mise is in conflict with a "higher law" to which
they owe obedience, and that they obey God's
Divine law rather than man's human law.
Such is the doctrine of Mr. Seward in his
Cleveland speech, and many others of lessernote.
His utterances are equal to law with Free-Soilers
and Abolitionists. His formula is brief, but ter-
rible : " There is a higher law than the Consti-
tution," and he applies the maxim to political
action as to slavery. He classifies the American
people into two parties. His words are: "These
elements divide and classify the people into two
classes—the party of freedom, and the party of
slavery." His exact language in regard to the
Constitution is:
" It is written in the Constitution of the United States,
that five slaves shall count equal to three freemen as a basis- -
of representation: and it is written also, in violation of
Divine law, that we shall surrender the fugitive slave."
Again, says Mr. Seward:
"Slavery can be and must be abolished, and you and I
can do it." |
He then proceeds- to lay down a course of po-
litical action whereby this can be done. Address- ■
ing himself to the free States, he says: I i
" Correct your own error, that slavery has any constitu- j!
tional guarantees which may not be removed, and ought not i
to be relinquished." j
And then he gives this advice, saying:
" Do this, and you will very soon and effectually bring
parties into a positive aggression upon slavery."
These notions, bad as they are, have been gen-
erally adopted by Abolitionists and all higher-law
men, for they have followed Mr. Seward's ad-
vice, and there is now aggression. Senator Wil-
son very plainly informs us what this aggression
is, for in his letter of June 30, 1855, addressed to
Wendell Phillips, he writes as follows:
" I hope, my dear sir, that we shall all strive to unite and
combine all the friends of freedom—that we shall forget
each other's faults and shortcomings in the past, and all
labor to secure that cooperation by which alone the slave
is to be emancipated, and the domination of his master
broken. Let us remember that more than three millions of
bondinen, groaning under nameless woes, demand that we
•hall cease lo reproach each other, and that we labor for
their deliverance."
Such is the object of them all, and that is to
abolish slavery. The venerated fathers of the
Republic do not escape being traduced; for their
formation of our constitutional compact is termed
" a fatal step." In his Tremont Temple anti-
slavery discourse, the Rev. Edward Beecher dis-
tinctly declared that, " when liberty consented to
go into a convention with slavery to form a consti-
tution, she took a fatal step;" and his design was
to show how the Constitution had been elevated
above Christianity, and how the purpose now
should be " to place Christianity above the Con-
stitution." It is not necessary to quote such
men as Theodore Parker or Lloyd Garrison, for
both of these regard the Constitution as an
" agrement with hell," therefore null and void as
to slavery limitations, and who hold the idea of no
fellowship with slaveholders.
The doctrine then inculcated in all abolition
lectures and speeches on the floor of the House
and Senate in caucus, and even in the pulpit, and
everywhere, is, that what is contrary to the Di-
vine law ought not to be obeyed; and that such
is the case with the compromises of the Consti-
tution. This is the rule laid down for man's
dealings with man—for the individual, as a mem-
ber of a political system—a system as abso-
lutely necessary to his well-being as the very air
he breathes.* And it can mean nothing more nor
less than this: that each individual is to be the
judge whether a provision u contrary to the law
of God. -Now, when men pretend to be true and
loyal to the Constitution, and obey it in what
they think is right, but regard it as a nullity in
what they think is not right, it becomes perfectly
evident they but follow their own judgment, or
inclination, or passion, or convenience, and do
not follow the Constitution. When these men
happen to go with the Constitution they do not
obey that solemn instrument, but they follow the
"higher law," located somewhere in the third
heaven. Such ideas strike at the foundation of
all law and of all contracts. What would be the
condition of things in society if men, after enter-
ing into solemn contracts by oath, seal, and sig-
nature, choose to say, that so much as they
deemed right they would accede to, and so much
as they thought wrong they would refuse to abide
| by ? Could society exist at all ? And suppose
I judges take it into their heads to follow this rule,
, would there not be anarchy, confusion, and all
the misery of the dark ages? Could persons or
property be secure from violence ?
Such, then, are the tendencies of this whole
system of sectional, Free-Soil party advocate
doctrines. They are radical and revolutionary,
and strike at the foundation of all our prosper-
ity. The same principle that refuses obedience
to one obligation of the Constitution, strikes out
obedience to all. If one provision can be nulli-
fied by one State, another can be nullified by
another State; and thus the bond becomes a rope
of sand. There can be with these " higher law"
men, practically, no such guide for their action as
a Constitution, though they swear to support it.
There can be no such thing as a constitutional
barrier between them and the slaveholder; no
such thing as State rights. These purposes of
Seward, Wilson, Wade, and their coadjutors
of all stripes, cannot be carried out without rad-
ically changing our polity—without destroying
the barrier of State rights—without assuming to
control the domestic institutions of every slave
State. They cannot attain-their ends—the eman-
cipation of three millions of bondmen and their
deliverance from the domination of "his master,"
as Wilson has put it, without doing this; and
their pioneer work is to nullify the compromises
of the Constitution; to consider its guarantees as
null; to reach over them one by one in their attacks
on slavery, and then to abolish it.
Now, he knows little of the temper or polity
of our people, who supposes that fifteen States of
this Union will submit to this control, this change,
this revolution. It would turn our system from
one of independent and sovereign localities, into
; a complete centralization, governed by a majority
i vote of the whole people. It would be a change
j far more revolutionary than when the colonies
i were severed from Great Britain, for then each
State retained its local polity; and each pursued
its own course of government, as it had a right
to do from the beginning.
^ Disguise it, sir, as you may, and deny it as
you will, it is this momentous issue, at bottom, i
of revolution, that now looms up so fearfully in
the political horizon. The claim made of old,
by the British Parliament, was, that it had the
power and the right to form and control the insti- ;
tutions of these thirteen colonies—of the aggre-
gate population of the country. The claim now
made, by the northern or Republican party—for
I have stated what, as sure as the sun shines, will
be the master element of this party—is substan-
tially the same. This is a demand that Ifirmly be-
lieve will never be submitted to. It is this which
constitutes the magnitude of the issue, and pro-
foundly is it to be lamented, that the people do
not as yet perceive that magnitude, or appreciate
its disastrous consequences. Our political ma-
chinery has worked so grandly, has moved so
smoothly and harmoniously, and is even now
diffusing its unparalleled and invaluable blessings
so quietly to every hearth stone, and to each in-
dividual who gathers around it, that it is difficult
-to make men believe that the cloud is now in the
£sky from which will issue the rending bolt.
! Would to God they did see it, and that soon, for
1 then it would be better for the Republic.
This is the question that will present itself to
every citizen for solution at the coming presi-
dential election: Are you for standing by the
Constitution and its compromises? or are you
willing that Free-Soilers and Abolitionists shall
violate them, and thus bring about disorganiza-
tion and revolution ? It is a question of immense
importance; and as I believe its solution is to
affect the peace and happiness of the American
people, and determine conclusively the perma-
nency of our institutions, I look'forward to its
decision with unaffected anxiety.
Sir, it is not many days since, that an honor-
able gentleman from Indiana distinctly avowed
his purpose, in unmistakable language, as far as
he had the power for mischief, " to stop the sup-
plies for carrying on th« Government, if the meias-
ures necessary to effect the restoration of the Mis-
souri line were not successful." I fear, sir, he
also reflected the sentiments of other gentlemen
when he so boldly announced this revolutionary
threat; and scarcely could have thought seriously
. of the consequences, when he so rashly pro-
claimed the fearful alternative. 1 felt then, as I
feel now, that a declaration like this was not only
! unpatriotic and unwise, but that it disclosed too
! much of human passion and human weakness
and neither became the man nor the occasion'
Better for him that he had never been born, than
succeed in so terrible a purpose. Better that Kan-
sas be overrun with slavery, and the Missouri
; line forever expunged, than bring upon the coun-
try the calamities of an endless civil war.
Sir, ithas been well and truly said, that "awise
man changes his opinions, but a fool never." i
then charge no blame upon public men for review-
ing former statements, and correcting what they
believe to have been erroneous in their acts or
j sentiments. It is impossible to be long in public
S life, and in the occupancy of prominent political
< station, without, at sometime or other, blotting
! the fairest record with errors of omission and
commission. If, therefore, to rectify mistakes,
; or clear up doubts, be honorable in all men, then
it is assuredly right and just for presidential can-
! didates to be permitted to do either, and to make
themselves properly understood by the people.
I have therefore, sir, nothing to say in condemna-
tion of the past or present views of the three dis-
! tinguished gentlemen who are now before the
1 American people as candidates for the highest
office in their gift. But if I choose not to condemn
their faults, I may be permitted to indicate my
choice of one—the able and faithful son of New-
York, the well-proved statesman, the consistent,
candid, and impartial Executive wheAnrcceeded
the old hero of Buena Vista. As the candidate
of the American party, I regard him with feelings
of admiration, and rejoice in the prospect of suc-
ceeding, by patient and untiring effort, in once
more calling him to the Presidency. Identified
with its interests, standing on its platform, and
possessirig in an eminent degree the qualities of
head and heart so admirably fitting him for ex-
alted responsibilities and duties, the party with
which i am united are proud to hail him as their
chieftain, and anxious to prove their devotion to
their principles by a calm reliance upon his na-
tional qualities.
Whose bosom does not swell with emotion and
a just pride when, from Mr. Fillmore's lips, he
hears this language:
" Why should not the golden rule, which our Savior has
prescribed for intercourse with each other, be applied to the
intercourse between these fraternal States ? Let us do unto
them as we would that they should do unto ub in like cir-
cumstances. They are our brethren—tbey are our friends,
and we are all embarked in the same ship; and if she
founders, in consequence of the mismanagement of the
crew, we must all go down together; this Union must be
torn asunder; this beautiful fabric, reared by the hands of
our ancestors, must be scattered in pieces, and the people
be converted into a nation of Ishmaelites. I cannot con-
! template such a scene without horror, and I turn from it
i with loathing and disgust."
And if, by the providence of God, he is borne
triumphantly into the presidential chair, who so
I likely to quiet the public mind, who so determ-
j1 ined to be just and to restore harmony amidst the
j j elements of discord ? If elected to the Presidency,
! all he can say is:
"In sueh an event I should be willing to make every sac-
rifice, personal and political, to attain so desirable an ob-
ject. I can give no pledge for the future that is not found
in my past conduct. If you wish a Chief Magistrate to
administer the Constitution and laws impartially and in
; Jj^ery part of the Union, giving to every State and every
1 erntory and every citizen, his just due, without fear or
tavor, then y#u may cast your votes forme. I repeat here,
what I have said elsewhere, that if there be those at the
North who want a President to rule the South—if there be
• ??ose ** South who want a President wbo will rule the
North, I do not want their votes. I can never represent
them. I stand upon the broad platform of the Constitution
i and the laws. If I should be called upon to administer the
Government, the Constitution and laws of the country shall
be executed at every hazard and at every cost."
i But, sir, this is the man who has been selected
by the American party as their candidate. I am
'■ an humble member of that party, and proud of
| the honor of being one of its representatives here,
j Slandered as it has been, misrepresented and
| abused in every quarter of the country, it is fit
1 that it should be vindicated, and its *eality
