1004
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
[August 4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. River and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Bell, of Tennessee. Senate.
ences should yield to a well-settled acquiescence of the
people and confederated authorities in particular construc-
tions of the Constitution on doubtful points. Not to con-
• cede this much to the spirit of our institutions would impair
their stability, and defeat the object of the Constitution
itself."
That sentiment was uttered in express refer-
ence to the power which he admitted to be settled
by long- practice, and according to the doctrine
of Mr. Monroe, which he followed.
I know that some honorable Senators have said
they did not think much deference was due to the
course and opinions of General Jackson on this
subject. For what reason? Because, on exam-
ination of his opinions, it will be found that they
are clearly and directly in conflict with the course
which gentlemen are now pursuing on this sub-
ject. General Jackson says, that if you are not
■willing to concede that the practice of the Gov-
ernment, established by so many precedents, and
such long usage, and under the sanction of so
many illustrious names, shall be considered as
settled, there can be nothing stable. Even the
power to acquire new territory by conquest or
treaty must be regarded as unsettled; and if you
•want to reform the practice of the Government
in every particular in which individuals (be they
of what distinction they may, in the country, in
point of standing and influence) differ upon the
questions of constitutional power, you can have
no stable Government.
After that sentiment of General Jackson, ex-
pressed in 1830, he continued, as I have stated
upon a former occasion, to sign bills, in the
course of his administration, for river and harbor
improvements, amounting to seven or eight mil-
lions of dollars. The same practice continued
during the administration of Mr. Van Buren,
under which two or three millions were appro-
priated. Then the appropriations ceased on ac-
count of the embarrassed condition of the Treas-
ury; and the first veto on this subject which came
from any President of the United States after
1830, was from Mr. Tyler in 1844. Did he re-
pudiate the doctrine and practice of General Jack-
son and his predecessors ? Not at all. He vetoed
a bill on the ground of the local character of some
of the objects contained in it, but expressly recog-
nized the expediency and constitutional power of
making appropriations for national river and har-
bor improvements. Although the Treasury was
rather at a low ebb, Mr. Tyler actually signed
bills appropriating six hundred or eight hundred
thousand dollars to these objects. It was not till
1846 that any President of the United States ever
set his face against all appropriations for objects
of this kind. Mr. Polk then djd. He vetoed a
river and harbor bill in the face of a large, not to
say an overwhelming majority of the people, as
represented in the two Houses of Congress.
Notwithstanding these facts, the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] the other day,
as if this policy of river and harbor improve-
ments were now, for the first time, sought to be
ingrafted upon the practice of the Government,
announced, with significant and imposing manner
to the country, (for it was obvious he was speak-
ing to the country rather than to the Senate,)
that the Constitution of the United States was
read out of this body; that there was no longer
apy limitation of the powers of this Government
to be found in the Constitution regarded by the
advocates of this policy. The honorable Senator
from Georgia has gone even beyond that, and
characterized it as so atrocious and unjust that
the people of the section opposed to it should be
prepared even to draw the sword, if this oppres-
sion should continue.
When did this policy become so monstrous ?
Is it now, for the first time, that the Constitution
is read out of the Senate, and that the section
represented by a minority here should be ap-
pealed to to go to arms to resist it? Is it now
avowed that the acquiescence of the country for
so many years in this policy, and when so many
of the most illustrious, influential, popular, and
patriotic Presidents that ever sat in the presi-
dential chair have recognized it, and considered
it as constitutional, including some distinguished
• men who never had the honor of sitting in that
chair—I allude to Mr. Calhoun as the principal
one among them—we are to be told is entitled to
no weight—settles nothing? and we are told that
if we pass these bills the Constitution will be read
out of the Senate by the supporters of this policy;
and that resistance to the Government, even by
force of arms, ought to be resorted to, if necessary,
to put down these improvements. This appears
to me most extraordinary.
I have no doubt the honorable Senator from
Georgia has spoken his real sentiments. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] told us,
among other things, that if these appropriations
could be equalized there would be an end of this
system; that it was a system founded on the idea
of each State or locality getting more from the
Treasury than it paid in, and that the moment
the balance could be struck, and the contributions
to the Treasury and the return from it through
these bills be made equal, the system would be
at an end. He did not say that it was a system
founded in selfishness, in robbery, in plunder, on
the part of some sections of the Union in getting
a greater proportion of the means of the Treasury
to be expended within their limits than other
sections, but that was clearly implied. The Sen-
ator from Georgia is more candid; he is more
open; he avows without qualification or hesita-
tion that he considers it a system of plunder, the
object of which is to get means out of the Treas-
ury for making improvements to add to the pros-
perity of one section of the Union at the expense
of the other. The argument of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, that if we could equalize
it there would no longer be any interest anywhere
in upholding this system, amounts in substance
to the same thing.
Now, Mr. President, how unjust and unfound-
ed, not to say ungenerous, are all such allegations
in regard to the supporters of these measures in
this Chamber? I should lose all self-respect,
I should feel degraded, and not only that, but 1
should feel that a majority of the people of the
United States were utterly demoralized and de-
graded below the qualifications necessary to
maintain free government, if I supposed this
system was founded on any such atrocious prin-
ciples. I do not know what may be the views,
or motives, or feelings of individual advocates of
this system; but so far as I have any knowledge
of them, and so far as I believe of its advocates
generally in this Chamber, no such imputations of
selfishness, or as I call it of dishonor, can justly
be attached to them.
Take, for example, the improvement of the
Mississippi river, for which a bill is now before
us. That is a prominent object. What is my
motive in supporting that improvement? What
is the motive of my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Geyer,] or my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,]
or any other gentleman representing any interest
in the valley of the Mississippi ? What is the
purpose of any of us in supporting these improve-
ments, except because in our judgment they can
never be made by the local or State authorities,,
or by State appropriations; and further, that in
regard to these great rivers the States have not
the power to interfere with, or embarrass their
navigation, by the imposition of tonhage duties,
even with the assent of Congress? Congress
itself cannot do this; and the only reason for the
improvement of these rivers is the appropriation
and application of the necessary means, as here-
tofore practiced.
But if every new constitutional or metaphys
ical argument should be swept away, the practical
objection still stands, that the States interested can
never unite to improve these rivers. Take, for
example, the Tennessee river, which has been
alluded to by the honorable Senator from Georgia
in debate. The State of Tennessee has no power
to raise money but to a very limited extent, except
by direct taxation. The power of indirect tax-
ation, by levying duties on the importations of
merchandise, are taken away by the Constitution,
and given to the Federal Government. Will the
State of Tennessee ever tax her people to clear
out the Muscle shoals, so as to make the Ten-
nessee river navigable at all seasons of the year
for steamers, and for large or small craft? Never,
because there are other States or sovereignties—
there are other people that are equally interested,
that will not unite with Tennessee, and there is
no way of forcing them to unite in this improve-
ment. Alabama and Kentucky, besides a small
part of Mississippi, are directly interested in the
navigation of the Tennessee river, as well as Ten-
nessee. Is it to be supposed that they can ever
agree upon any rate of contribution to its improve-
ment?
The case is much worse in regard to the Mis-
sissippi. That great river either flows through
or washes some part of the boundary of nine
different States—Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkan-
sas, Tennessee, Missouri, Kentucky, Illinois,
Iowa, and Wisconsin; and all the States of the
valley bearing the name of that river have a deep
interest in its navigation; but who supposes it
Erobable, or even practicable, that they can ever
e got to combine for its improvement? The idea
is idle. The same thing is true of the river Ohio.
As to the plan which has been suggested, of
authorizing the western States to levy a tonnage
duty on steamers and other vessels navigating
the Mississippi and its tributaries, the Senator
from Missouri demonstrated, the other day, that
the citizens of all the States of the Union had the
privilege secured to them, by compact, of the
navigation of those waters, free from any tax, or
tolls, or molestation on any other account. Hence,
I say that the support of these appropriations is
founded mainly on the ground that in no other
way can these improvements ever be made.
So, also, in reference to the supporters of har-
bor improvements, small or great, on the north-
ern lakes, the particular States in which the
harbors are situated are more directly and imme-
diately interested than any other portion of the
Union. But is it to be expected that those States,
either separately orcombined, will tax themselves
for the improvement of them ? Why should they ?
The improvement of these harbors by the Govern-
ment is claimed upon the ground that the States
and people of the whole Union are interested in
providing for the safe and easy navigation of the
lakes, in the same way, if not in the same propor-
tion, that they are interested in the safe and easy
navigation of the Atlantic coast; and every harbor
which is constructed on the lake line of naviga-
tion, whether designed as mere harbors of refuge,
or for the purposes of commerce, or both, contrib-
utes to the safety of that navigation. I do not
doubt that many of the harbors proposed to be
constructed or improved are of inferior import-
ance, and that the local interests connected with
them have been chiefly instrumental in securing
the patronage of the Government, but still there
are none of them which do not contribute to some
extent to the safety and increase of the navigation
or trade of the lakes, and thereby swell the re-
sources and prosperity of the whole country.
These, sir, are the grounds and reasons upon
which the advocates of this policy of lake and
river improvements by the General Government
stand; and they feel that they can honorably and
conscientiously stand upon these grounds.
I wish now to say a few words in reply to the Sen-
ator from Virginia and the Senator from Georgia
as to the objection of the inequality, as between
the different sections of the Union, in the distri-
bution of these appropriations. They insist that
this policy of improving rivers and harbors ought
not to be upheld, because of its injustice—that
some sections of the Union are more largely ben-
efited than others; and that if the States on the
lakes, and in the valley of the Mississippi, could
derive no greater advantages from this policy than
the other States of the Union, and got no greater
share of the public money than they paid into the
Treasury, it would be abandoned. This is the
argument upon which the charge of selfishness
and robbery is made against this policy. I admit,
that perfect equality, as between the different
sections and localities of the country, cannot be
established in these appropriations of the public
money. I affirm that this inequality is far less
than is imputed; and that, to whatever extent it
may exist, a similar, and even much greater, in-
equality in the expenditures, exists in some other
branches of the public service—such particularly
as are connected with the protection of foreign
commerce and the common defense. I noticed
that the honorable Senator from Georgia had a
very ingenious theory cooked up or concocted—*
for I am sure he must have studied it—in refer-
ence to the expenditures of this Government for
the public and common defense. He says that
