1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Sherman.
Ho. of Reps.
this power, or duty, of the Government to pro-
vide for the common defense is indivisible—it is
the business and the duty of each member of the
social and political compact to defend the whole, : 1
and that it makes no difference -whether the ap- i
propriations for the public defense be unequal or
not, as between the different members or sec-
tions, because the obligation to provide for this
defense is imperative, and must be discharged,
whatever inequality there may be in apportioning
the incidental benefits or burdens attending it. I
should like to know how long the honorable Sen-
ator was employed in searching out some prin-
ciple upon which he could sustain himself in such
an opposition as he has waged against this policy
of river and harbor improvements ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have given it great consid-
eration.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I know it, because :
the honorable Senator has argued this theory of : j
his very ingeniously. He says that the postal ||
power, however, is divisible, and that the benefits | j
of it can be distributed in just proportion to all j I
sections, though it may not be so in practice; but j!
he still insists that, as from the difference which
exists in the relative condition and wants of the
different sections of the Union, and the combina-
tions that may be formed in the execution of this ,
policy of improving rivers and harbors, there can
be no equality in the distribution of its benefits, !
the policy must be abandoned. But does not the
honorable Senator know that the same abuses, :
the same combinations, and the same inequality j
and injustice, take place in the appropriations '
made in some branches or departments of the
public defenses that exist in appropriations for
river and harbor improvements ? Did he never
hear of any injustice or inequality in the appropri-
ations of this Government for the public defenses
between one section and another—between one
State and another of the Atlantic frontier? Has he
knowledge of the singular history of the location
of the naval depots and navy-yards, and of the
local interests and combinations, which so far pre-
vailed, that Narragansett bay, the very best site
for a great naval depot on the whole Atlantic
coast, lies neglected to this day ? ;
What does the honorable Senator from Geor- t
pa say to that? Will it be contended that there j
nave not been local interests and combinations ;
employed in fixing the sites of many of the great j
public establishment's for the defense of the coun- J
try. There has been a constant pouring out of
the public Treasury in the locality of my friend j
from Virginia—at the navy-yard at Norfolk. But |
I will leave the naval establishments, and come to :
fortifications. Three millions of dollars have been '
appropriated for fortifications in Virginia alone. ]
Whether local interests had anything to do in ,
securing this large expenditure in that State, I
will not undertake to say. 1 had a table before
me a few days since, showing the exact amount
appropriated for these purposes; but as I did not
expect to say anything more upon this subject, I
have it not before me now, ana could only speak
from memory as to the amount expended in other
States; but I recollect that, of the $18,000,000
expended upon fortifications up to some late
pe.-iod, Jll,000,000 — nearly two thirds of the
whole amount — were expended in the States
south of the Chesapeake bay, the very States :
which now manifest so determined an opposition j;
to the improvement of rivers and harbors in the !
interior. Was there no inequality in these ex-
penditures? 1 admit that these expenditures
must necessarily be made where they are most
needed; but if Senators would go back in their
memories, or read the debates upon this subject,
they would find that complaints have been made
of the inequality and injustice done, under local i
influences, m the erection of fortifications as well
as in the location of navy-yards. j
When my friend from Georgia dwells so much ]
upon the selfishness of the supporters of these !
river and harbor improvements, perhaps I might
fasten the charge of selfishness upon those who |
oppose them, upon grounds quite as plausible as ;
any they assume in making that charge! We
■want no fortifications in the interior, and do not
complain that the States on the Atlantic get large f
appropriations for those objects, but we have j
rivers. As Macduff said of Macbeth, " He has |
no children," so I may say of the gentlemen,
they have no rivers, and can have no sympathy
with those who have them, and- demand the
means to improve them;.and they, therefore,are
opposed to expenditures in which they cannot
have an equal share. What rivers have they
comparable to those of the West? My friend I
from South Carolina the other day spoke of the
Pedee as running up to I do not know where.
Savannah may claim some rank as a river in the
estimation of those who have seen the great.
rivers of the valley of the Mississippi. They
have but few harbors, but what they have get ;
their fair share of those appropriations. Just
so in relation to the public defense. These gen-
tlemen have their full share of appropriations, if
not more, for the "common defense," and this
the States of the interior do not begrudge them;
but the moment those interior States set up a claim 1
to have their great rivers and harbors improved,
they are set upon and denounced as robbers and
plunderers, as though those rivers and harbors
nad no connection with the " common defense."
Sir, inrelation to the charge of inequality, mo-
nopoly, and selfishness,so furiously urged against1
this policy by the Senators from Georgia and ,
Virginia, let me invite their attention to some
other facts which may tend to show on which
side this charge can be made with the greatest
show of reason. I have the figures before me, |
which prove that from 1817 to 1842 there was :
expended on the light-house system the sum of j
$7,448,000; and estimating the annual light-house \
appropriations since 1842 at one half what they
now are, the total is $13,000,000. The expendi-
tures for coast surveys, proved and estimated in
like manner, reach near $3,000,000. For whose
benefit have these expenditures, amounting to
$16,000,000, been made ? It is true, the peo-
ple of the interior States get some benefit from
them, as some of their produce finds its way to
New Orleans, Charleston, and New York, and is
from there carried coastwise to other markets;
but those States which thunder loudest in the j
Capitol against the inequality of this atrocious >
system of river and harbor improvement, enjoy
nine tenths of all the advantages of those appropn- j
ations, in cheapening the transportation of their
produce and supplies from one port or market to !
another on the Atlantic coast, the navigation
between them being facilitated, rendered safe and
easy, and the charges for freight and insurance
proportionally diminished. The estimate of the
appropriations of the present year, for the con-
tinuance and support of these facilities, amount
to $1,500,000;-and this is nowthe rate of annual
expenditures for these objects. It well becomes
the representatives of the States who derive the
principal benefit of this large expenditure to ex-
claim against the injustice and inequality of the
• appropriation asked for the cheapening of the
transportation upon the great rivers and harbors
of the interior and West.
That is not all. Besides the expenditures on
the light-house system, and the coast survey,
there is an annual appropriation of $10,000,000
for the support of the Navy, and this chiefly for
the protection of foreign commerce, in which these
very States that are making the most formidable
opposition to river and harbor appropriations in
the interior are the most deeply interested. They
are principally benefited by the maintenance of
the Navy. Is there no inequality in this?
The honorable Senator from Georgia said, in
one of his speeches at this Congress, that the
Navy was for the protection of commerce in every
quarter of the world. How does he derive that
idea from the Constitution   It was intended un-
doubtedly as a means of defeiise; but if you look
back into the history of the Government you will
find that the idea of rearing up a great naval es-
tablishment to protect your commerce was stur-
dily resisted by many of those men whom he
| calls the fathers of the Republic. William B.
i Giles, at the time when he was understood to be
; the mouthpiece of Mr. Jefferson, made a threat of
! the same character which the Senator from Geor-
: gia has indulged in so often, if the Government
should adopt the policy of building up a great and
expensive naval establishment to protect com-
merce. It was contended at that day, that the cost
of such a navy would be more than the profits of
the whole foreign commerce of the United States
were ever likely to be. Mr. Giles said he should
feel the benefits of liberty and independence se-
cured by the establishment of this Government
greatly diminished by any such policy. I know
Senators from the South may say that they have
a staple—cotton, an article of foreign trade that
all the world would fight to obtain, and that they
have no need of a navy to protect their commerce.
I have heard that argument often in private con-
versation ; but is that not a narrow and sectional
view of the subject—is it not anti-social—is it not
founded in a miserable and narrow selfishness ?
Is it not wholly unworthy and inconsistent with
every principle of patriotic duty, to mold their
policy in relation to any branch of the public ser-
vice,in reference to the assumption or the fact, that
this great product is of such a nature that it can
find a market under all circumstances—that Eng-
land, Prance, and some of the smaller States of
Europe, would unite their arms to possess it;
and that they do not want a navy ? But this ar-
gument may be pressed too far. The south
Atlantic States have other products besides cot-
ton. They have a large interest in the coastwise
trade,which could not be protected, even against
the pirates of the West Indies, without a navy.
But the pith of the matter is that $10,000,000 are
annually expended to support a navy, and that the
Atlantic States are principally interested in the
commerce which that navy is designed to, and
does protect; but still river and harbor improve-
ments are resisted, because some of the Atlantic
States have no direct interest in them.
Then I say that, instead of these charges of
inequality, injustice, robbery, and plunder being
so well founded when made against the people
and States of the interior, for upholding this
policy of improving their rivers and harbors as
to justify resistance by the sword if the policy
should be persisted in, I submit whether the
people and States of the West would not have
much stronger reasons for a resort to arms, should
the large appropriation I have pointed out continue
to be made for objects in which the sea-board
States have deep interest, and all appropriations
for facilitating the internal trade by the improve-
ment of the great rivers and lake harbors be de-
nied? Might they not say that if the south Atlan-
tic States, or any portion of the Atlantic States,
are determined to oppose these appropriations,
they would renouifce all fraternity and association,
j commercial or political,with all States and sections
of the Union that can look no further than their
own immediate interests and protection.
Mr. President", I did not intend to say tlii3
much, but I thought it really necessary to say a
few words in vindication of our principles, and
the true ground on which we stand in voting for
these bills. I wish to show the honorable Sena-
tors from Virginia and Georgia that there can be
quite as strong and plausible grounds for object-
ing to other expenditures as unequal and unjust,
as any they can urge against these appropriations.
Now, in regard to the improvement under con-
sideration, there can be no want of estimates—no
want of approval in any of the Departments of the
Government. It was regarded as problematical,
whether any appropriations for rivers and har-
bors could get through at the present session.
It was not known that there was a majority of
two thirds in their favor in the Senate or the
House of Representatives. _ If that had been
known, all the estimates desired could have been
produced. It would have been mere form, at
best, in relation to the Mississippi; for it may
well be considered that there is a standing esti-
mate of the annual amount required to clear out
the annually-renewed obstructions to the safe
navigation of that river.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
op ohio,
In the Horse op Representatives,
July 31,1856,
On the Resolutions reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election Case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN said: I do not propose, Mr.
