1006
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess..
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Sherman.
Ho. op Reps.
-was no equality of forces; there were seven hun-
dred men, armed with rifles and cannon, to two
or three hundred unarmed and scattered settlers.
I have heard the inquiry here, why did not the
citizens repel the invaders ? It was eloquently put
some months since by my friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis.] The answer is easy. It is furnished
by the evidence. But, sir, actual violence was
used; men, armed and organized, assaulted citi-
zens, and drove them from the polls. In this
very district three men were thus prevented from
voting.
Mr. STEPHENS. I should like the gentleman
to read that part of the evidence which shows
that they were driven from the polls. The testi-
mony on the part of the contestant is, that there
was not a man there that day prevented from
voting. The testimony of Mr. Ladd is, that Mr.
Stearns was driven away, not to prevent him
from voting, but for another cause. The driving
off of Willis and Bond had nothing to do with
voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply, I will only refer to
the testimony of witnesses, to show that Stearns,
Bond, and Willis were driven away because they
were charged with being Abolitionists. And here
I may remark, that every man in the Territory
was called an Abolitionist who was in favor of
making Kansas a free State. These men were
driven from the polls; one was shot at with a
pistol, and only escaped by jumping down the
river bank.
Mr. STEPHENS again interrupted.
Mr. SHERMAN declined to yield tha floor.
I pass to the second district. What a spectacle
was there presented! Have you read the plain,
unvarnished testimony of several witnesses about
Jones, now sheriff, under appointment of the
Legislature, going there with his men, and driv-
ing the judges from the polls? When he had,
after giving them five minutes in which to resign
or die, driven off two of them, he went with
some of his men in pursuit. He caught Umber-
ger, and brought him to the polls. He then, by
force, took Judge Wakefield, an old man, from
his friends, and compelled him to get up in the
presence of a drunken rabble, and make a speech.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman let me
put him right?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield. The gen-
tleman has had his hour without interruption, and
I prefer to go on.
The testimony on the subject is clear. It is
given by Burson, Wakefield, and several others,
who were witnesses.
Mr. STEPHENS. And denied by the judge
of the election.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is one of the ex parte
affidavits which I will refer to hereafter. Its ma-
terial statements are entirely overthrown.
In regard to the third district, I will call the
fentleman's attention to the case of Charles Jor-
an. He is a native of Virginia, and a fine spe-
cimen of the hardy western pioneer. His head
is blanched with seventy winters. He has lived
almost all his life in slave States. Born in Vir-
ginia, he first emigrated to Kentucky, passing
through Illinois and Missouri. From there he
went to, and settled in, the third district of Kan-
sas. He went, like a patriarch of old, with his
family gathered around him. He says:
" In the morning, between nine and ten o'clock, I arrived
at Mr. Stinson's, where the election was held. Three
others were is my company, and as we were getting over the
stile, four young men, all armed, approached us. The front
one accosted me, as I stepped over the fence, about in this
language: 'You are well; how am I, God damn you,'or
' by God,' I am not certain which. As regards the position
of liis arms, there was a pistol revolver shoved down in his
boot, a bowie-knife by his side, and a large club in his hand.
I passed him without heeding or noticing him." * * *
" The flag was floating over us, just about where we were
standing. I told them I had defended my country; that
that was our true flag, the stars and stripes; and under that
flag I never intended to vote while it floats over a seditious
mob." * * * * " There was a gentleman they called
' Texas' ascended the stile, and proclaimed that they
wanted everybody to come forward and vote; that it was
everybody's privilege to vote, and he wanted both parties
to come, and have the thing fairly tested. He concluded
with instructions to the pro-slavery party. He told them
when tbey voted, not to leave the ground, but to stay there
till the polls were closed, or the Abolitionists would flock
in, overpower them, and they would lose all their trouble.
He said he had come further, perhaps, than the rest, and
had undergone more than the rest, as lie had been four and
a half days on the road. I never learned where he came
from. I then advised my party to leave, which we did, I
think, pretty generally. I then came home." * * *
" I did not vote, because I saw we were entirely overpow-
ered by the numbers from abroad. I was a free-State man.
I saw we had to be perfectly silent on all political matters,
or we would get into difficulty. When I referred to the
flag, an old gentleman asked me if I had seen any violence;
I said I had not, but had seen some menacing, with insults
added to injury, and would not vote."
Here is the case of a man who, from his age,
his service to his country, and his character,
should be respected in every community, yet he
was driven from the polls, not, it is true, by act-
ual violence, but by insult and menace from an
armed force, without being permitted to exercise
his right to vote. There was a majority of free-
State men in that district; but their candidate
was induced to and did withdraw, because the
numbers present from Missouri rendered it idle
to make a contest.
Mr. STEPHENS. In the third district, the
testimony shows there were no free-State candi-
dates in the field.
A Member. The candidate withdrew.
Mr. STEPHENS. There were not men enough
to agree to run a ticket; yet it is said he was
driven from the polls.
Mr. SHERMAN. That district embraces the
town of Topeka, one of the largest towns in the
Territory, and entirely free-State.
There can be no doubt of the position of affairs
in that district. Mr. Holliday was the candidate.
He withdrew, and the testimony is conclusive,
that he withdrew for the reason I have stated.
I will not consume my time by going through
all the other districts. I say that, from the armed
forces around the polls, the free-State men were
either prevented from voting, or their candidates
were withdrawn. Such was the case in the fourth,
seventh, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, and the
sixteenth districts.
Now, sir, I desire to examine the statements
in the minority report, in regard to two or three
election districts. As to the first district, my j
colleague seems to rely upon the ex parte state- j
ment of Salters. I ask if there is any gentleman
here who has not heard of this worthy chief dep-
uty of Sheriff Jones, and the man who signed
the passes for free white men, some of which
have been published ? His ex parte affidavit was
taken after we left the Territory. He states that
" There were about two hundred free-State resident
voters in that district, and there were from three hundred
to four hundred pro-slavery voters at the polls that day,
whom I knew to be residents of that district, and a great
many of them voted in my presence, and the others told me
they had voted."
This statement is shown to be false by many
witnesses. The census shows that there were
three hundred and si^ty-nine voters, and that
only one hundred and seventy-seven voted. Their
names are given on page 121 of the report. The
highest legal pro-slavery vote ever cast in that
district was in November, 1834, when Whitfield
received forty-six votes out of three hundred
votes cast, all of which were legal; and at Law-
rence, in October, 1854, Whitfield received forty-
two votes. Now, in the face of these facts, and
contradicted by many witnesses, stands Salters.
I pass him by without further comment.
The testimony which the gentleman from
Georgia comments upon in the second district
is that of Parris Ellison, a man who, acting as
judge of the election on the 30th of March, seized
the ballot-box, after his associates had been driven
away, swung it around his head,and ran out into
the crowd, and hurraed for Missouri. He was
one of the men upon the jury which indicted
Charles Robinson for treason, and his testimony
was taken after we left, and is part of the batch
of ex parte statements to which I have referred.
Mr. STEPHENS. The testimony taken by
the committee is contrary to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to each of the
other districts, my colleague satisfies himself
with a statement like this:
"Third District.—The testimony in relation to this district
is, that the pro-slavery party had a majority among the
actual settlers of the district."
It is not alleged that there was a majority of
actual residents who voted the pro-slavery ticket,
but that the pro-slavery men had a majority in
the district. How can any man say iu Where
is the evidence of it. If that was so, why this
Representatives.
1st district .....3
2d district   2
3d district 1
5th district 4
7th district ) .
8th district '  
invasion—whymarchfour thousand nine hundred
men two hundred miles into these various dis-
tricts ? Why this armed foray, if they had a
pro-slavery majority? Why endanger the per-
petuity of our institutions by thus striking down,
for the first time, the right of the people to elect
their own representatives ? I should like to have
that question answered, and, until it is„I will not
waste further time upon this branch of the in-
quiry. After one has read the testimony, how
strange is the conclusion of my colleague, con-
tained in this summary allegation, that the free-
1 State party was in the minority in the Territory
at the March election, in 1855, for members of the
! Legislature; and that that election was not car-
ried, either by force, violence, or non-residents,
i but that a majority of the Legislature was duly
j elected, as certified to by the Governor, and was
l properly constituted as a law-making body !
i Why, sir, the bare admissions made in the
j minority report contradict this conclusion. The
| action of Governor Reeder is not controverted.
■ It is not claimed but that he did right in setting
j aside the election in the first,second, third, fourth,
seventh, eleventh, and sixteenth districts. Now,
! sir, it is admitted that the fifth district was carried
[ by fraud, and that it is a free-State district. In
; the thirteenth district, the judges were driven
from the polls, and took their poll-books and
papers with them, and left. Now, these districts,
! in which the fraud and violence are either admitted
1 or is palpable, elect a majority of both Houses.
I have here a table showing the arrangement of
| these districts:
j Councilmen.
j 1st district} n
4th district J 
5th district 3
i 2d district 1
3d district 1
7th district > 1
8th district) 11th district # ^
13th district ) 0 12th district ) 
16th district >   13th district 1
— 16th district -'I
8 —
= 16
The number of councilmen was 13. The
number of the house was 26.
In addition to these, one free-State councilman,
M. F. Conway, was elected in the sixth council
district, and one free-State representative, S. D.
Houston, was elected in the eighth representa-
tive district, composed of the ninth and tenth
election districts. In all these districts, the free-
State majority was beyond all reasonable dispute,
except in the thirteenth and sixteenth districts.
Even excluding these, the House would hare
been a tie, and the Council one free-State ma-
jority.
Mr. STEPHENS. In the sixteenth election
district, in which the election was set aside by
Governor Reeder, the secdnd election went just as
; the first one did, and Governor Reeder commis-
I sioned the same men.
i Mr. SHERMAN. The testimony will show
, that this second election in the sixteenth district
was the only one which was not fair.
II Mr. STEPHENS. I say that the testimony
shows that it was perfectly fair, that it was con-
|1 sidered to be fair, and there was no protest against
i it by the free-State party.
I Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a state-
ment.
i Mr. SHERMAN. If I submit to every inter-
: ruption, it will occupy all my time. If the gen-
tlemen will extend it as much as they use it, they
may interrupt me as much as they please.
In answer to these assertions, I state that the
testimony is as conclusive as any testimony can
be, that at the election on the 22a of May, to nil
the vacancy, several hundred residents of Mis-
souri went over to that election, and voted there.
Mr. STEPHENS. If there is a particle of
proof that over fifty Missourians went over, I
desire to see it. , . ,
Mr. SHERMAN. 'In regard to the action of
the Governor, referred to by the gentleman a few
moments since, I may here say, that it resulted
in nothing, because the same motives which in-
duced the invasion caused the alleged Legisla-
ture to, and it did, set aside his official certifi-
cates, upon which the gentleman now relies.
