1010
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 31,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Ho. of Reps.
the result of the labors of the " Kansas investi-
gating committee." And indeed, sir, had I ever
had any such intention, I should have most cheer-
fully abandoned it upon hearing the eloquent and
powerful arguments of the honorable gentlemen
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Savage,] whose speeches, taken con-
jointly, cover the whole ground, and, in my hum-
ble judgment, exhaust the subject, leaving abso-
lutely nothing for me to do—nothing, sir, that
would compensate the most needy and anxious
gleaner. Indeed, they have closed the question
forever. Nor should I now trespass upon the
patience of the House for even one single moment
of time, but for the strange, and in some essential
respects, singularly extraordinary speech of the
honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
It is, then, for the purpose of making a brief re-
ply to that honorable gentleman's peculiar speech
that I have taken the floor; not for the purpose
of entering at large into the discussion of the
merits of the grave questions now before us.
But, sir, before proceeding further, 1 hope it
may not be considered inappropriate to observe,
that as a Representative from the extreme west-
ern district in Missouri I voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, for the sake of the great Democratic
principles which it recognized on a certain sub-
ject, which is now laid hold of by the Abolition-
ists to agitate the country, and if possible to dis-
solve the Union of these States, to wit: of leaving
the people of the Territory of Kansas, and all
others of our Territories, to adjust and settle the
question of African slavery in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States; and this, too, without the least interfer-
ence of persons outside, and not actual residents
of the Territory. I repeat it, sir, that I voted
for that bill upon principle, and without stopping
to inquire whether it would operate favorably or
not to the slave interest, although I frankly con-
fess that, if it could be done strictly in accordance
•with the provisions of the organic act, I should
greatly prefer that Kansas be made a slave State;
but not otherwise. Sir, I voted for the bill
upon the great doctrine of the right of the people
to govern themselves in their own way in the
States and organized Territories, " subject only
to the Constitution of the United States." And,
Mr. Speaker, standing by this Heaven-born doc-
trine, I am opposed to any interference by citi-
zens of Missouri, or any other State of the Union,
■ with the elections, or other domestic affairs of
the Territory of Kansas. And, sir, I will go as
far as any one to prevent any such interference.
Mr. Speaker, I declare, in all the sincerity of
my heart, that, but 'for the systematic efforts
made by organized societies, first by members of
Congress, (see the testimony of Hon. Daniel
Mace, page 829 of the report of the committee,)
and then by persons in Boston, Massachusetts,
(see letter from Thomas W.Webb, page 1143,)
to colonize Kansas Territory, with the avowed
object of. making it a free State, there never
would have been any complaint about foreign in-
terference. None whatever. But one extraor-
dinary movement led to another, and a counter
one, and hence the present troubles in reference
to the question of slavery in Kansas Territory .
And just here, sir, in this connection, in relation
to the action of those emigrant aid societies, I
beg to refer to the testimony of Henry M. Blos-
som, (page 838,) T. E. Bottom, (page 865,) Alex-
ander Gilham, (page 848,) J. E. Ingalls, (page
841,) C.E.Kearney, (page 852,) Leander Kerr,
(page 859,) P.M.Mohan, (page 867,) W. H.
Jwiller, (page 862,) W. H.Summers, (page 860,)
M. R. Walker, (page 897,) and James Willock,
(page 857.) I should be pleased to comment upon
the testimony of each of these witnesses, but my
time will not permit, and I must pass on.
In regard to my having voted at the March
elections of 1855, 1 beg to refer the House and
the country to the majority report, as contained
in the "reports of the special committee on the
troubles in Kansas," (page 27,) and also the tes-
timony of Joseph Potter, in the same book, (page
369,) and also the testimony of John W. Martin,
(page 384,) and also the joint testimony of A.
A. King, (ex-Governor of Missouri,) Joseph
Chew, and George J. Wesson, (page 1139.) On
the same page, see the testimony of John W.
Shotwell. Prom all which, Mr. Speaker, it will
appear, that I not only did not vote at said elec-
tion, but that, on the contrary, I used all my in-
fluence to restrain every other non-resident from
voting; and so I did, so help me God!
But I must hurry on. I had supposed, Mr.
Speaker, that according to the plain import and
i meaning of the resolutions, authorizing the ap-
pointment of the " Kansas investigating commit-
tee,"that all they were empowered and required
to do and perform in regard to the objects of their
mission was, to quote that part of the resolutions
bearing upon the subject, to proceed to " inquire
into, and collect evidence in regard to, any fraud
j or force attempted, or practiced, in reference to any
i elections which have taken place in said Territory,
I either under the law organizing said Territory, or
under any pretended law which may be alleged to have
taken effect therein since," and that such testimony,
when so taken, the committee should report to
this House, as provided for in the sixth resolu-
' tion, which is in these words:
"That when said committee shall have completed said
investigation, they report all the evidence as collected to
this House."
! Hence I conclude, as will everybody else, that
the only object in constituting such a commission
was to collect evidence in relation to the elections
and troubles in Kansas Territory, and report the.
same to this House; leaving members hereof to
make their own comments upon, and deduce their
owifconclusions from, the testimony so taken; and
such, Mr. Speaker, I understood and believed,
were the views and purposes of my colleagues on
the committee, until the evening before the day
on which they submitted their report*to the
House. But instead of this, Mr. Speaker, after
the committee adjourned at Westport, Missouri,
and after I separated from the majority, they
went on to Detroit, or somewhere else, and pre-
pared what they absurdly enough denominate a
report, and submitted it to this House. In tms
connection I deem it due to myself, under the cir-
cumstances, to state, in the presence of my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Sherman,] that
that report was never read by or to me until it
was submitted to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. OLIVER. As my colleague was very
courteous to me in giving way, I of course ought
to yield to him—he absolutely refusing to give
way to me for any purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely wish to say that
it was the distinct understanding of the majority
of the committee, and I thought it was of my
colleague from Missouri, that we were to make
this report, and that he was to submit a minority
report. We invited him to go with us to Detroit
to prepare the report.
Mr. OLIVER. My colleague says they invited
me to go with them to Detroit. For what purpose
did the gentleman invite pne to go to Detroit?
My colleagues invited me to go to Detroit for the
purpose of preparing an analysis of the testimony
for the convenience of members, and not of mak-
ing deductions from that testimony. This was
all, as I clearly understood. But when I arrived
in this city, my colleagues arriving in the morn-
ing and I on tne evening of Saturday, they came
to me with every show of fairness, and said they
had prepared a report, and they wanted to submit
it to me. That was Saturday evening. 1 could
not of course, examine it then, and on Monday
they submitted it to the House. Consequently I
knew nothing of that report's contents until it
was submitted to the House, and I had then to
prepare a minority report within a limited time
arbitrarily fixed.
But I must pass on to matters of more import-
ance. The honorable member from Ohio, my late
colleague, [Mr. Sherman,] has thought proper
to arraign my report before this House upon vari-
ous and sundry grounds, but chiefly upon the
ground that it treats of subjects in regard to which
no evidence was taken before the oommittee.
Well, sir, for the present, admitting, only for the
sake of the argument, the truth of the honorable
gentleman's allegation, I can but deem him a little
unfortunate in his arraignment. He seems to be
wholly oblivious as to the contents of the major-
ity report; for I am sure, sir, if th« gentleman
had thought seriously upon the character of that
report, yielding to the suggestions of ordinary
prudence, he would have held his peace in regard
to any supposed irregularities or improprieties in
my report; for, sir, I charge upon the report of
the majority—that it treats elaborately upon sub-
jects over which the committee had no jurisdic-
tion whatever; and also treats, with great partic-
ularity, upon subjects in relation to which there
is no evidence of any sort, as taken before the
committee, orany other tribunal or officer. Now,
Mr. Speaker, if I prove these allegations to the
satisfaction of every unprejudiced person in this
House, or elsewhere, should not the gentleman
blush with very shame for his impotent attacks
upon my report? And I would here remind my
late colleague of the old adage, that " he who lives
ina glass house should not caststones." It may
be useful to him in the future in keeping him out
of awkward predicaments.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in support of my first alle-
fation, I in the first place call the attention of the
louse to the fact, that the majority of the com-
mittee, without the least legal authority, have
reported to this House a great mass of different
| sorts and descriptions of testimony in relation to
j the revolutionary election held in Kansas Terri-
! tory on the 9th day of October, 1855, for Delegate
J to Congress, and at which A. H- Reeder was
chosen, and upon which he bases his claim to a
seat on this floor. Now, sir, if the committee had
any authority to collect and report to this House
evidence touching that disturbing and disorgan-
izing election, they necessarily derive it from the
resolution under and by virtue of which they were
appointed, and from no other source whatever.
Now, to determine what elections in Kansas Ter-
ritory in reference to which the committee had
authority to take testimony, it is only necessary
to advert briefly to the resolutions themselves,
and only in this regard to the first resolution:
" That the committee shall inquire into and collect evi-
dence in regard to any fraud or force attempted or practiced
in reference to any elections which have taken place in
said Territory, either under the law organizing said Terri-
tory, or under any pretended law which may be alleged to
have taken effect therein since."
Now, sir, was the election at which Governor
Reeder was elected held "under the law organ-
izing the Territory, or under any law or pre-
tended law which may be alleged to have taken
effect therein since ?" The majority of the com-
mittee answer no. Governor Reeder answers no.
Everybody answers no. But, sir, on the con-
trary, that election was independent of, and in
contempt of, all law, territorial or national, and
was revolutionary in its character and objects.
Then, sir, I submit it to this House, had the
committee any authority to take evidence in re-
gard to the election of the 9th of October, 1S55?
No one, sir, free from the influence of that
I damning spirit of abolition fanaticism which now
' stalks abroad in one section of our distracted
country, menacing the subversion of our glorious
Union, will have the effrontery to respond to my
! interrogatory in the affirmative. No one will
do so, sir, but those who would sacrifice the
Constitution of the country and the Union of
j the States—the hopes and expectations of twenty-
I five millions of white people, for the sake of three
millions of black, woolly-headed, ignorant ne-
groes. Then, sir, I, of course, arrive at the con-
clusion that, the committee having no authority
whatever for taking evidence in relation to Gov-
ernor Reeder's election on the 9th day of October,
1855, this House should not recognize it as
worthy of consideration, but, on the contrary,
treat it as they would a rude, uncouth fellow
entering their house without any authority.
Kick it out of the house, and clear out of the
yard, as a contemptible interloper.
But upon this illegitimate testimony, the ma-
jority of the committee have reported to this
House, that Governor Reeder received a greater
number of votes than General Whitfield, and the
majority of the Committee of Elections have re-
ported that Governor Reeder ought to be admitted
to a seat on this floor. This report of the Com-
mittee of Elections is based on the testimony and
report of this Kansas investigating committee,
or rather the majority of that committee. And
I just here, in this connection, it is important that
II should state to the House, that, so far as I am
