1012
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 31,
34th Cqng....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Ho. of Reps.
ingup every trifling circumstance, and magnifying
& mole-hill into a mountain, and sending them off
to the New York Tribune for the purpose of
poisoning the minds of the people of the country
against Me people of Missouri, and against the
law and order people" of Kansas.
Well, Mr. Speaker, the counsel for General
Whitfield and the law and order party in the
Territory offered to introduce testimony in rela-
tion to the shocking murders, and also in regard
,to some robberies, perpetrated by the same abo-
lition party. But to the utter astonishment of
. every person present, Messrs. Howard and
Sherman took the ground, for the first time, that
the committee had no power to do so, under the
resolution, and that they could not receive the
..evidence; this, too, right in the face of their
former decision, and the fact that they had taken
.similar evidence, that ofPardee Butler and others,
as to occurrences since the appointment of the
committee. But the majority adhered to their
refusal; and to make some «how of fairness on
the record they said that they would have the
evidence of Pardee Butler and Mr. Harding
stricken from the record. But, sir, this they have
never done, and the evidence is still on the record.
What explanation can my colleagues give for
this conduct? Yes, sir, they gravely said it was
against law, not authorized by the resolution
appointing the committee, and therefore it was
incompetent for the committee to have the testi-
mony taken. I said to my colleagues, is it pos-
sible ttiat you have received the testimony such
as you have taken since you have been in the
Territory, and yet refuse to take this testimony?
Well, sir, the committee came to the conclusion
that, rather than admit this testimony they would
strike out all they had taken of a similar charac-
.,ter, and they agreed to strike it out.- When the
game was one way they admitted testimony, and
when it was the other they would not admit it.
I say it without disrespect to the gentlemen con-
stituting the majority of the committee. I am
ready to make all proper allowance for human
frailty, [laughter,] and I hope they may be charit-
ably considered by the House and the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I shall be allowed
to explain.
Mr. OLIVER. No, sir, I will not be inter-
rupted further. Now, sir, I ask the attention of
the House to the condition in which the majority
And minority stand. They have stated occurrences
without a particle of proof to sustain them. I
. have stated similar occurrences with proof, and
now the cry is, that there has been cheating
around the board.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the evidence which the
! committee ordered to be stricken out in the book
. of testimony now ?
Mr. OLIVER. I am told that it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was stricken out by
order of the committee; and if it has been pub-
liahed, it was by mistake of the clerk.
Mr. OLIVEk. The honorable member ad-
mits, then, that the objectionable testimony was
ordered to be stricken out, and was retained and
published by the mistake of the clerk. Well,
sir, it is quite convenient to saddle those blunders
upon the Dacks of the poor clerks; but for the
credit of my colleagues it is well tlia£ there are
clerks to serve as scapegoats for them. There
may be a good many other things which it may
be important for them to place in the chapter on
clerical mistakes, before we are fully tnrough
with this investigation.
Now, Ms. Speaker, in regard to these mur-
ders and robberies committed by Abolitionists
Eon innocent and unarmed pro-slavery men in
insas Territory, I beg to detain the House for
a short time longer. And first, the massacre of
Allen Wilkinson, on Pottawatomie creek, on the
night of the 25th of May last. He was, it seems,
a quiet man, and was not engaged in arresting or
disturbing anybody. He took no active part in
the pro-slavery cause, so as to aggravate tne Ab-
. olitionists; but he was a pro-slavery man. They
went to his house, and while his wife was sorely
afflicted with measles, they seized Mr. Wilkin-
son. His poor, afflicted wife begged them, in
tears, to let her husband remain with her till
morning, to take care of her through the night,
for she had no other protector. But they cruelly
refused, saying to her that she had neighbors,
when they knew that she was wholly unable to
go to them. Finally, these fiends in human form
dragged their victim from the feeble embraces of
his weeping wife, and took him but a short dis-
tance from the house, and there murdered him
with circumstances of savage barbarity. In re-
lation to this brutal affair, I beg to refer the
House and the country to the testimony of Mrs.
Wilkinson, the widow of the deceased, on pages
j 1197, 1198, and 1199, of the committee's report.
| Again, sir, an old man by the name of Doyle,
and his sons, two in number, were torn from
I their house, at the dead hour of night, away from
: an aged wife and mother, and taking them but a
little way from the house, they murdered them in
the most horrid manner. See the evidence of
j Mrs. Doyle and John Doyle, the widow and son
of the deceased, on pages 1193, 1194, and 1195.
| And still again, sir, the case of Henry Sher-
man, a German, and a true man, and a good law-
abiding citizen. These fiendish Abolitionists
murdered him on the same night, and with cir-
cumstances of equal cruelty with the others.
(See the evidence of James Harris, on pages
1195, 1196, and 1197, of said report.)
These horrible murders were all committed in
one night, and in the same neighborhood, by a
band of abolition cutthroats, who claimed to
come from, and spoke, and murdered unarmed,
inoffensive people., in the name of the abolition
"army of the North." It will be remembered,
that as soon as these outrages were made public,
the lying, unscrupulous members of the abolition
partyin that Territory forthwith sent out the will-
fully false report, that the deceased were caught
in the act of hanging a Free-Soiler, and were shot
down on the spot. As base a falsehood as was
ever uttered and published! But, on the con-
trary, sir, they were unprovoked, cold, wicked,
and cruel murders of five persons in one nighfc
almost in sight of their agonizing wives and chil-
dren. Such are the men ! Yes, sir, these men,
in the dark hours of midnight, When women, and
children, are embraced in the arms of sleep, drag
people from their beds, and murder them with a
cruelty which has no parallel in the annals of
crime in this country.
These horrible outrages I have proven by the
widows of the deceased, and others. When they
came in with their children, and gave a detailed
statement of these horriRle acts upon their oaths,
my blood ran cold at the recital.
Now, sir, these outrages have been satisfacto-
rily proven, whilst the majority of the committee
have charged upon the " law and order party"
murders, robberies, larcenies, and every descrip-
tion of crime. This they have done, too, with
great apparent pleasure ! How careful they are
to parade these supposed outrages before the coun-
try, to excite the people! Did they have any
evidence for su«h statements ? Not one particle,
sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does my colleague desire
an answer?
Mr. OLIVER. I know his answer would, it
truthful, be in the negative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain it.
Mr. OLIVER. Then I repeat that my col-
leagues held no testimony, either before or after
our adjournment, of any sort; but they have
paraded in their report a catalogue of crimes
which, if true, presents truly a dark and "lament-
able picture. But is there any proof of it? They
have produced none, and I challenge them for the
proof. The charges, then, are merely gratuitous.
Did they see any of these murders committed;
any of these robberies committed; any of these
arsons committed ? No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague puts a ques-
tion personally to me.
Mr. OLIVER. I know what the answer will
be. It must be " no."
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my colleague if there
is a single fact contained in that statement which
he does not admit ?
Mr. OLIVER. I answer, that I stand here to
deny, out of charity to my race, that they could
be guilty of such outrageous offenses, such enor-
mities. I cannot admit theirtruth, in the absence
of proof. The presumption is in favor of the
|| innocence of mankind, ttnd I shall act upon that
charitable presumption until you produce the
proof to the contrary. Why would my colleagues
be so uncharitable as to try to ruin a commu-
nity to effect their partisan purposes? Why
would they place upon the record, to be spread
before the country, statements intended to affect
the character of a people, without having a particle
of proof for them ? How eager—how extremely
eager must they be to show up the foibles, the
frailties, and the crimes of their fellow-men, while
those charges are without proof, and are perhaps
reckless and untrue statements ? I have said
nothing, in the absence of proof, to show moral
turpitude. All that I have said, showing the
wickedness of the human heart, I have said on
proof. I consider it a foul wrong to accuse men
recklessly of murder, arson, larceny, and every
kind of crime which disgraces and degrades
human nature, in the absence of all proof to sup-
port the charge. I rely on the testimony of wit-
nesses whose tears, in testifying, were streaming
down their cheeks, while they were weeping their
husbands and children dead, who testified with
all the subdued spirit which grief gives, and who
gave the greatest assurance that the words spoken
came truthfully from the heart, because chas-
tened by the hand of affliction and sorrow.
Again: Mr. Speaker, passing over these mat-
ters — and they are subjects which I take no
pleasure in dwelling on, for I assure you that all
the feelings of my heart are averse to the contem-
plation of such crimes and alfeged crimes—there
is nothing which I so much desire, in the present
distracted condition of the country, as to see the
restoration of brotherly love among our people.
I desire that ill feeling shall cease forever within
our borders, and that we may become again really
a nation of brothers, banded together by the
strongest ties of affection, of mutual-interest, of
mutual dependence, and by the hope of a com-
mon destiny.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in this connection, I de-
plore the very idea of bloodshed and violence —
and, sir, I represent a people who are as much
opposed to violence, civil strife, and bloodshed,
as any people under the canophy of heaven. And
I say to gentlemen in this House, that should my
constituents ever draw the sword or ever present
the revolver, it vfill be in open, manly conflict, on
equal chances with their foe, and where life is
against life. Never will you find them, sir,
prowling around in the dark hours of midnight,
laying their hands stealthily on their sleeping
victims, and plumging the dagger into their hearts
amid the screams and sighs of agonized women—
wives and mothers. No, never, sir—never. And
were any of my constituents to do it, I would hold
them dishonored and degraded, and they should
be branded as Gain, that all might shun them
forever.
The majority talk about robbery, but they said
nothing of the robbery, on the 13th of April, of
Mr. Bernard. Just think of it, Mr. Speaker.
The fact has been proved *by incontestable evi-
dence, and the gentleman does not attempt to deny
it. A band of fourteen armed men, with Sharpe s
rifles, in broad daylight, went to Mr. Bernard's,
and by force of arms robbed him of all his goods,
to the amount of $4,000, and carried away horses
and cattle to the amount of $1,000, reducing the
man to absolute penury. This was done by Ab-
olitionists in that Territory. Did my colleague
never hear of it? Did my colleague never hear
of those murders of Doyle, of Sherman, and of
Wilkinson, and of the robbery of Bernard ? If he
did, why were not these crimes recorded among
the others? I have proven all these things.
The gentleman stated in his remarks that the
committee had decided that such testimony was
improper.   Why did the committee decide so ?
Did they do so when we commenced to exercise
our duties ? The gentleman says they did. I beg
his pardon. The record is to the contrary, and
the fact is to the contrary; but were it true, as
stated by the gentleman, then the committee is
placed in the absurd position of receiving evi-
dence, which they haa solemnly, as the gentle-
man pretends to say, decided to be incompetent.
But, sir, no such decision was ever made by my
colleagues until at the time, and only under the
circumstances to which I have referred.
Mr. Speaker, I have already occupied the at-
