1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
*017
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Presidential Election—Mr. Branch.
Ho. of Reps.
against him. He maintains a cause which the
jVnorant and uninformed in his own section have
been taught to believe hostile to their own inter-
ests. Ignorance, malice, and fanaticism taunt
him as a doughface and a traitor. He withstands
it all, because he is conscious of right, and fear-
less of consequences. But when he finds him-
" self vilified at the North, and unsupported at the
South—when he sees a powerful party organized
in his own section, for the avowed purpose of
riving that section preeminence over the South,
and its citizens preference over the citizens of the
South; and when he sees a large party at the
South refusing to cooperate with him to defeat
that party, because he cannot, Consistently with
the principles on which he has planted himself,
advocate a discrimination between the foreign-
born and native-born citizen, he may falter in his
efforts. When he sees a large part of the South
advocating a discrimination between the citizens
of the country, therein differing from the Black
Republicans only as to the class against whom
the principle is applied, may he not commence to j
inquire whether our aims are more justifiable and !
constitutional, in this respect, than those of the !
Black Republicans ? We have slaves to perform
our labor, and no foreigners. The North has no
slaves, and its labor is performed by foreigners.
The North may claim that the Constitution guar-
anties to it its foreign labor as much as it guaran-
ties to us our slave labor; and the foreign laborer
being as indispensable to the North as the slave
is to the South, the northern statesman may ;
refuse to defend us from unjust discrimination j
so long as we insist on a discrimination against
himself and his own section.' By such a course
of reasoning, a large number of voters at the
North, who would otherwise act with us, may
be kept from the polls, or driven into the ranks
of the Black Republicans; whilst another large
number of intelligent and influential men, dis-
gusted or alarmed at the folly and ingratitude
under the influence of which we refuse, on ac-
count of minor questions, to give an effective
support to the only, party which has a national
organization, and holds out any hope of defeating
Black Republicanism, will stand aloof from the
contest.
The continuance of Mr. Fillmore on the list of
candidates is dividing the friends of the Consti-
tution and the Union. Without a possibility of
success, he has not friends enough in some of
the northern States to make it worth while to run
an electoral ticket in his favor. Without a reason-
able prospect of carrying one single electoral vote,
he yet has friertds enough in many of those States
•to cancel the Democratic majorities. The whole
country knows that the great bulk of the Know
Nothings North have, through their convention,
nominated Fremont, and that the small portion
of the party who are supporting Mr. Fillmore
have, under all circumstances, refused to support
that gentleman. Hence, it is a well-known fact,
that two thirds of Mr. Fillmore's friends at the
North, if compelled to choose between Mr- Buch-
anan and Mr. Fremont, would vote for the
former.
The joy of thie. Black Republicans at the con-
tinuance of Mr. Fillmore in the field is not re-
strained even by obvious considerations of pru-
dence and policy. As showing how they chuckle
over our divisions, and what effect in their favor
they expect from it, I present extracts from the
two leading papers of that party:
" Such is the programme of the next presidential cam-
paign ; and we are free to confess that we are most thank-
ful to Mr. Fillmore and his friends for having produced this
result. Of course, nobody will vote for Mr. Fillmore who
would not, in the existing state of affairs, have voted for
the Democratic instead of the Republican ticket; and,
therefore, it necessarily follows, that the third party will
draw votes only from the Democratic ticket. The only
question of principle involved in the next contest is the
extension of slavery, by the direct legislation of Congress,
into territory now free through the repeal of the ^Missouri
compromise, made in good faith in 1820, and resistance to
that act of bad faith.
" Of course, with three tickets in the field, the triumph
of those who oppose slavery extension by the General Gov-
ernment—oppose the violation of plighted faith and the
revival of slavery agitation—and insist upon the right ot the
people, whether of the North or the South, to regulate
their internal affaire to suit themselves without molestation
from any source whatever—is placed beyond all question.
"We feel assured, that in the approaching presidential
contest, we, the aggrieved party of the North, will tri-
umph."—New York Courier and Enquirer, March2S, 1856.
" The friends of free Kansas would have a hard battle
this autumn if their adversaries were united; but with the
nomination of Fillmore and Donelson at Philadelphia, and
of men equally obsequious to slavery at Cincinnati, we
ought to be able to triumph on the direct vote of the people.
Should the Fillmore diversion throw the electoral vote of
Pennsylvania and New Jersey to the Democratic ticket, we
must take our chance in the House, where we have so
recenUy carried the Speaker, and where we should start
with the vote of thirteen States ceruin, and a tie in three
or four others. I think our chance there would be worth
that of both the opposing parties together.
" The nominations just made ought ;o unite the North
on the Republican platform, while dividing the South
between the two pro-slavery parties."—New York Tribune
of March 1, 1856.
The friends of Mr. Fillmore at the South should
take warning; and now, before the heated feelings
of partisans have supplanted the sober calculations
of judgment, they should determine that no re-
membrance of former contests with the Demo-
cratic party shall prevent them from casting their
votes for Mr. Buchanan, and appealing to their
associates at the North to do likewise.
Itis obvious, Mr. Chairman, that some excuse
is necessary for dividing the South at this fearful
juncture. Unable to deny the palpable facts to
which I have alluded; compelled to admit that
the Democratic party is the only party that pos-
sesses strength m every State of the Union, and
can hold out any hope of uniting the patriotism
of the whole country against the supporters of |
Fremont; and compelled, too, to admit the sound- ,
ness of the principles for which the Democratic 1
party is contending, at least so far as the ques- •
tions connected with slavery are concerned, the
southern supporters of Mr. Fillmore are driven
to rely on a few frivolous charges against Mr.
Buchanan, personally, to furnish an exeuse for
their extraordinary conduct. I propose to devote
a few moments, and but a few moments, to their
examination.
1. It is said that, forty-four years ago, he de-
clared that if he had a drop of Democratic blood
in his veins he would let it out. It is strange that
persons, who have themselves always displayed
such mortal aversion to Democratic blood, and
everything else Democratic, should urg« such a
charge against Mr. Buchanan. But it is not true
that he ever made such a declaration. Mr. Buch-
anan himself, many years ago, publicly, in the
newspapers, pronounced it false; and a large
number of his neighbors, over their signatures,
also pronounced it false. Not a particle of proof
has ever been adduced to establisn its truth.
2. It is said he was a Federalist. He shouldered
his musket, as a private, and marched to Balti-
more, to defend it against the British. If he was
a Federalist, it is a pity there were not more
Federalists of the same sort in the country.
3. Itis said that he approved certain resolu-
tions passed by a public meeting in Lancaster,
in 1819, disapproving of slavery in the Territo-
ries. That was thirty-seven years ago. Mr.
Buchanan may have been at the meeting; he may
have been on the committee, and still not have
I approved the resolutions, as every one knows
who has been in the habit of attending political
meetings. Few of us would like to be held
responsible for all that was said and done at all
the public meetings we have ever attended. But,
admitting that he did then approve them, he has
been in public life continuously since that time.
He has been a membeT of Congress almost con-
stantly since the slavery agitation commenced,
'• and not a single vote has he ever given hostile to
southern institutions. Throughout all that agita-
i tion he has uniformly sustained the rights of the
slaveholding States, and commanded the confi-
' dence of the purest statesmen of the South. For
more than thirty years he has been conspicuously
j before the country as a public officer, _ having
voted in Congress on almost every question that
has ever arisen in regard to the institution of
slavery; and never, until it became necessary for
. the Know Nothings of the South to frame an
' excuse for dividing the South, did any southern
; man charge him with being unsound on the
1 slavery question.
If further proof were needed of the high posi-
tion he occupies on this question, it will be found
in his letter to the Democratic State convention
of Pennsylvania, written shortly before his nom-
, ination, and in his letter accepting the nomina-
I tion for the Presidency, and pledging himself to
carry out the principles set forth in the Demo-
cratic platform.
The Lancaster resolutions date back thirty-
seven years, whilst Mr. Buchanan was a mere
youth, and before the slavery agitation had as-
sumed anything like its present form. In 1838,
nearly twenty years afterwards, when in the
prime of life, and a candidate for Congress, and
when the abolition societies at the North were at
the very height of their treasonable efforts against
the South, Mr. Fillmore deliberately wrote as
follows to an Abolition society:
Buffalo, October 17, 1838.
Sia: Your communication of the 15th instant, as chair-
man of a committee appointed by " The Jlnti Slavery So-
ciety of the couniy of Erie," has just come to hand. You
solicit my answer to the following interrogatories:
1. Do you believe that petitions to Congress on the sub-
ject of slavery and the slave trade ought to be received,
i read, and respectfully considered by the representatives of
! the people ?
i 2. Are you opposed to the annexation of Texas to this
1 Union, under any circumstances, so long as slaves are held
therein?
I 3. Are you in favor of Congress exercising all the consti- ,
j tutional power it possesses to abolish the internal slave trade
between the States
4. Are you in favor of immediate legislation for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia ?
I am much engaged, and have no time to enter into an
argument, or to explain at length my reasons for my opin-
ion. I shall therefore content myself, for the present, by
answering all your interrogatories in the affirmative, and
leave for some future occasion a more extended discussion
on the subject. MILLARD FILLMORE.
He was elected to Congress, and throughout
his whole career there uniformly voted with
Giddings, Slade, Adams, and the worst enemies
of the South.
Whilst Mr. Fillmore was thus cordially endors-
ing the doctrines of the extreme Abolitionists, and,
as a member of Congress, was on all occasions
voting with Adams, Giddings, and Slade, Mr
Buchanan, both in Congress and at home in the
midst of his constituents, was contending against
these doctrines, and In favor of the constitutional
rights of the South. On the 18th of August, 1838,
Mr. Buehanan addressed his fellow-citizens at
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, on the political ques-
tions in issue in the State elections then pending.
It will be observed that this speech was almost
cotemporaneous with Mr. Fillmore's Erie letter;
and the contrast is most striking between the
broad and comprehensive views of the statesman,
and. the narrow and illiberal dogmas of the aboli-
tion candidate for Congress. The whole speech
will be found in Niles's Register, volume 55, page
90. Mr. Buchanan said:
" There was one subject of vital importance to the peace
and prosperity of the Union, wluch had not occupied mucb
of the attention of the former speakers, and therefore he
would make a few remarks upon it. He referred to aboli-
tion. Was Joseph Ritner (then running for Governor) an
Abolitionist? This was a most interesting question. If he
was, then no friend to the existence of our glorious Union
ouuht to vote in favor of his election as Governor." * *
" Before the spirit of abolitionism had been conjured up
from its dark abode by political fanatics and hot-headed
enthusiasts, all was comparatively peaceful and tranquil in
the southern States. Slavery had been most unfortunately
introduced into these States by our British forefathers. It
was there at the adoption of the Federal Constitution; and
this Constitution did not merely leave it there, but expressly
guarantied to the slaveholding States their property in
slaves, and the exclusive dominion over the question of
slavery within their respective borders. Such is the clear
language of the Constitution itself, and such was the con-
struction the first Congress placed upon it. Without this
solemn constitutional compact the southern States would
never have been parties to the Union ; and the blessings
and benefits which it has conferred, and will confer, not
only upon our own country, but the whole human, race,
would never have been realized. Those in the free States
who determine to violate this compact must determine to
dissolve the Union. The one is the necessary consequence
of the other." ********
" At the session of 1835-'36, (the Congress immediately
preceding Mr. Fillmore's Erie letter,) the question of aboli-
Jion had occupied much of the time and attention of Con-
gress. It had been discussed in every possible aspect.
Petitions for the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, got up and circulated by the anti-slavery societies,
poured into Congress from the free States. This was the
only mode in which the Abolitionists could agitate the ques-
tion in Congress, because no fanatic, to Mr. B.'s knowl-
edge, had been so mad as to contend that Congress had any
power over slavery within the slave States themselves.
Petitions to abolish slavery in the District ol Columbia
formed part of the grand scheme of agitation by which
the Abolitionists expected to accomplish their purposes.
Throughout the spring, summer, and autumn of 1835,:l
combined attempt was made upon Ihe southera States, not
only by agitation in the North, but by scattering over the
South, thfough the post office, and by traveling agents, the
vilest publications and pictorial representations. He bad
