1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Reps.
and clerks of election, made in March, 1855, and
to which 1 shall again allude as conclusive of the
whole case. I prefer to go into the evidence more
jndetail; and shall mainly rely on the errors found
in the returns in the Livingston precinct, though
I may refer to some other facts if my time allow.
I come, the#, in the first place, to the question,
Was the sitting member [Mr. Allen] elected?
The evidence, as to errors in the returns of Liv-
ingston precinct alone, shows conclusively, to
my mind, that he is not entitled to a seat on this
floor. It shows clearly that he was allowed one
more vote than he actually received. He was
allowed forty-seven votes. The evidence shows
that he actually received but forty-six votes.
In the first place I call attention to the evidence
of Mr. Hutchinson, a political friend of the sitting
member, [Mr. Allen.J It is as follows:
" We counted the ballots in tlie ballot-box at the close of
said election; we then counted the names on the poll-book
of said election, and found the number of ballots to agree
with the number of names of voters on the poll-book; there
were one hundred and forty-nine of each ; there appeared
to be at that count forty-seven for Mr. Allen, and one hun-
dred for Mr. Archer; the ballots were counted in the school-
house, in the town of Livingston, in said county, at the close
of said election, after night; and it was supposed that said
counting was correct, and one of the tally-papers and one
poll book were accordingly returned to the clerk of the
county court on the next day."
In response to another interrogatory, Mr.
Hutchinson swore that " three ballots were
thrown aside, and counted neither for Mr. Archer
nor for Mr. Allen." Yet forty-seven votes were
. given to Mr. Allen and one hundred to Mr.
Archer—one hundred and fifty votes in all, when
there were only one hundred and forty-nine names
on the poll-book and one hundred and forty-nine
votes in the box.
David Wyrick, another of the judges, also tes-
tifies as to the count on the night of the election,
as follows:
" We found, on counting the ballots, that there were one
hundred and forty-nine, one hundred of which were for W.
B. Areher, and forty-seven were for J. C. Allen; there
were three ballots that we considered at that lime as Dlank
votes for either candidate; we found on counting the bal-
lots that they agreed in number with the voters' names on
the poll-books; during the counting of the votes there was
a confusion—the tallies did not correspond, when the votes
were partly recounted and corrected, as we then supposed."
Then, I ask, can any reasonable mind have any
question that there was a mistake committed in
tne Livingston district of, at least, one vote?
There were only one hundred and forty-nine
voters' names on the list, and one hundred and
forty-nine ballots in the box; forty-seven votes
were allowed to Allen,andone hundred to Archer;
and three were not counted at all—making one
hundred and fifty. The other witnesses testify to
the same effect.
The judges and the clerks were all agreed as to
the number of votes actually polled, as to the
number of voters' names upon the poll-books, as
to the numberof votes in the ballot-box, as to the
number of votes allowed to each party, and that
there were three votes not counted. Let us see,
then, in whose favor the error was made.
Hutchinson says:
"At the second counting, there was a correction made of
the tally at the first counting, by which it appeared that the
clerks had made a mistake in tlie tally-list of one vote in
favor of Allen, which said vote made one more vote appear
than was actually given."
Mr. Wyrick says, in his testimony: " There
had been, on the first count, one more vote tallied
for Mr. Allen than he actually received."
. Mr. Birch, another of the iudges, testifies as
follows:
" Mr. Hutchinson, one of the judges, Mr. Hanks, one of
the clerks, Samuel R. Brown, who acted asclerk pro tempore
in the absence of Mr. Hollingshead, an absent clerk, and
myself, one of the judges, proceeded, at my house in Liv-
ingston, on the 2d March, 1855, to unlock the ballot-box and ]
necount said votes, having sent for Mr. Wyrick, the other
judge of said election, who arrived before we were done
counting the same; when we carefully recounted the bal-
lots, and found one hundred and forty-nine, as before, one
hundred and two of which were for W. B. Archer, and
forty-six for J. C. Allen. We now found that one more
vote was marked for Allen than he received, or appeared
on the tickets."
But we are asked, how was this mistake made ?
That also is settled by the testimony, Which I
will read. Mr. Hollingshead says:
" The ballots, after the polls were closed, were taken out
and counted, and the lists of the voters' names were each
found to b« on* hundred and forty-nine. Ia counting oat |
the votes, E. M. Hanks, one of the clerks, had one moire
vote for Mr. Allen than I had, and I had one vote more for
Mr. Archer than lie had. I told Mr. Hanks I did not hear
him call some time back, and told him I thought the mis-
take occurred about five tickets back. The judges ordered
us to compare five tickets back, which we did, and then we
supposed he was right in the count, when I marked off one
vote from my tally-paper for W. B. Archer, and he left his
stand for Mr. Mien; there were one hundred and forty-
Bine votes polled at said election, one hundred of which
were counted for W. B. Archer, and forty-seven for J. C.
Allen; and that the same was so certified by us, sealed up,
and given into the bands of one of the judges."
The testimony of Mr. Hanks is to the same
effect.
Now, then, here is the point at which the error
occurred. There was confusion at the end of
the canvass, and they concluded that it occurred
during the counting of the last five ballots, and
they went back five ballots. They erred in not
going back far enough. It appears that on the
second count on the second 6f March, there were
actually found in the ballot box but forty-six votes
for Allen, while at the first count he was allowed
forty-seven. Taking this one vote from Allen,
the tally-list, the names on the poll-books, and
the votes in the ballot-box, all agree—being one
hundred and forty-nine.
I say, then, that it has been clearly shown that
there was one too many votes counted upon the
first count. It has been shown, again, that during
that count there was one vote scratched off the
list which had been allowed to Archer, and one
left on for Allen, about which the dispute arose;
and that on a recount on the second of March,
the ballot-box was found to contain only forty-
six votes for Allen. Now,.I appeal to the com-
mon sense of gentlemen—I put it to the justice
of this House, and to its candor, to say whether
it is not manifestthat there was a mistake made;
that it was made in favor of Allen, and that he
was allowed one more vote than he actually
received ?
Now, let me ask gentlemen what would be the
effect, if that alone were true, on the decision of
this House as to this contested case ? If it be true
that one more vote was allowed to Mr. Allen than
was given to him, what is the inevitable result?
You may say it is a small matter—but a single
vote; but if Mr. Allen was elected by that one
vote, he is as much entitled to his seat on this
floor, and his constituents are as much entitled
to his services, as if he were elected by a majority
of one hundred, or one thousand. And, on the
contrary, if he has been defeated for the lack of a
single ballot, that one ballot becomes as import-
ant as if he were defeated by one hundred or one
thousand voles.
But, I repeat, if it be true that Mr. Allen was
allowed one vote rnore than he had received, what
would be the effect? Why, it would make a tie;
and as far as Mr. Allen is concerned, he would be
no more entitled to a seat on this floor than he
would be had he not received a single vote at that
election. I undertake tosay, without goingfurther
into the testimony on that head, that, according
to th« evidence of all the judges, of all the clerks,
^iven without contradiction, without conflict,
unhesitatingly, whatever may be the case with
regard to Mr. Archer, Mr. Allen is not entitled
to a seat on this floor. From this conclusion
there is no possible escape.
But the question may be asked, and has been
asked, why, if this error was committed, it was
not corrected at the time before the judges sent
up the returns to the county clerk, or before the
county clerk sent them to the Secretary of State?
Well, sir, two of the witnesses have answered
hat question, and I will read their testimony.
The question was put to Mr. Wyrick, ana his
answer is:
"We thought we had corrected it, and did not know that
any error existed attliattime,nor until the 2d day of March,
1855, when we supposed that the error was in giving Mr.
Allen one more vote than he was entitled to."
Mr. Hutchinson, in answer to the same ques-
tion, says:
" The mistake was not discovered at that time."
You may say, how was it possible that it should
not be discovered? Why, it arose simply from
the fact of the hurry of the count on election
night. They did not stop to hunt up and see
whether the aggregate number of rotes allowed
the parties, and those disallowed, corresponded
with those found in the ballot-box.
Mr. Birch makes a similar statement. He says
he thought the first vote was correct. He did not
know any error at that time, nor till the 2d of
March, 1855.
Mr. Hanks says:
i " The judges and clerks did not discover that, by giving
' Archer one hundred votes, and Allen forty-seven, wben
' counted together with the three votes which were thrown
out and not counted for either, the total vote cast, or ballots
in the box, would be one hundred and fifty, or one more
than the number of ballots counted out."
I come now, Mr. Speaker—having, I think,
i sufficiently shown that Mr. Allen is not entitled
i to his seat—to another branch of the inquiry;
which is, whether the contestant is entitled to a
I seat on this floor? I will read to the House the
certificate of the judges and clerks on their second
1 count; and, as I said in the outset, it seems to
me to be conclusive of this whole case, even in-
dependent of the evidence to which I have alluded
I in my preceding remarks, and the argument
which I endeavored to base upon it. And be it
remembered, that three out of these five men
who made this certificate, were the political friends
of my colleague, the sitting member—men who,
by no possibility, could be induced to do injustice
' to him; so that it cannot be said that they were
induced to reverse their decision on any other
grounds than of justice, of equity, and of truth:
State or Illinois, Clark county:
! We, the undersigned, judges and clerk of the general
: election in said county of Clark, and of Livingston pre-
, cinct, east of Marshall, on the 7th day of November laat
t past, 1854, do hereby certify, that, on a review and count
of tlie ballots this day made with can* and to our satisfac-
tion—the ballots being on the said 7th of November put
into a box, locked and kept in the hands of one uf the
judges, to wit: H. H. 11 utchinson, as required by law—in
the return made to the clerk of the county court, we gave
a certificate that William B. Archer had one hundred
votes, and that James C. Allen had forty-seven votes, the
said Archer and Allen being the only candidates running to
represent the seventh congressional district in said State
of Illinois in the Congress of the United States ; that we
find an error was made in said count and return ; and that
it clearly appears that at said election said Archer truly
received one hundred and two votes, and said Allen got
forty-six votes, which error we now correct under our
oaths, taken as judges and clerk, (the other clerk, Mr.
Hollingshead, not being present this day,) one hundred and
two (102) to said Archer, and forty-six (46) to James C.
Allen. All of which we hereby certify under our oaths
taken, and our hands and seals.
HENRY H. HUTCHINSON, [l. «.]
DAVID WYRICK, [l. B.
J. J. BIRCH, [l. s.'
ELZA M. HANKS, Clerk. [l. s.
March 2,1855.
Now, then, I ask you whether, in the absence
of all other testimony on the partof the contestant,
this statement of the judges—men whose minds
could not be biased by any political considera-
tions in favor of the contestant, or against the
sitting member—would not of itself be conclu-
sive ? Mr. Allen only claims that he was elected
by a majority of one. This certificate from the
judges of the Livingston precinct shows that one
vote was improperly counted for Mr. Allen, and
two refused to Mr. Archer, to which he was
justly entitled, giving to Mr. Archer, on a careful
recount, in that precinct, one hundred and two
votes, and to Mr. Allen forty-six votes only.
That would give Mr. Archer a majority of two
in the second district of the State of Illinois, and
entitle him as clearly to a seat on this floor as
though he had a hundred, or one thousand ma-
jority.
But, sir, it is said by my colleague [Mr.
Allen] that these were not judges at the time of
making this certificate, though they were form-
erly judges; that they were thus acting without
authority; that their terms had expired; that
they, and the clerks of election, were fundi officio,
ana that they had no authority to act further in
reference to that election. Now, that depends
on circumstances. It depends on the law of
Illinois. The election act (Rev .Stftt., p. 215) pro-
vides as follows:
"Sec. 8. The county commissioners' courts shall, re-
spectively, at the last stated term preceding any election,
appoint three capable and discreet persons, possessing the
qualifications of electors, to act as judges ot elections in
each election precinct. , ....
" Sec. 9. The said judges of the election shall choose
two persons having similar qualifications with themselves,
to act as clerks of election. The said judges of the elec-
tion khall b« and continue jwiges of all (tactions of civil
