1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1025
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Jewett.
Ho. of Reps.
stronger proof of the safe-keeping, or the iden-
tity of the coin or bills upon which a criminal
charge is predicated, is produced in a court of
justice, than is brought forward in this case.
Mr. STEPHBNS. I stand distinctly upon a
point of law. The law says the box shall be put
m the hands of one of the judges, and the key ill
the haixls of the other. That is a requisition of
law. The testimony is, that the key went into
the hands of one of the judges, who swears that
it was lost. When the key was lost, might not
somebody have got it? Is the requirement of the
law answered ? Is there not a possibility that
somebody got it? The object of the law was,
that there should be no possibility, by one hold-
ing the box, and another the key. 1 say, sir,
that the testimony is, that the key was lost; and
when that is established, the possibility is that ,
somebody might have got it. And that is the
argument. j
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman argues that ;
the provision of the election law governing the
disposition of the box and the key, on the day of
the election, should be carried out strictly m a
case like this. Now, I ask you, suppose, on |
election day, for which alone this law was en- \
acted, that the box should be placed in the hands
of one of the judges, and the key in the hands of
another, and by any accident that key should be
lost by the man in possession, while going from
the place of election to his dinner: will any one
here contend that on that account the ballots in
the box should be rejected, and the election set
aside? Suppose he were robbed, or drowned,
or should abscond: must the ballots be rejected?
The gentleman says, " the box should be placed
in the hands of one, and the key in the hands of
another." Very well; precisely that was done.
The box went into the hands of Mr. Hutchinson,
and the key into the hands of Mr. Birch.
But, sir, I need not spend time upon this. The I
proof is clear and conclusive that the ballots were
safely kent. But, beside all this, the evidence of i
all the judges and clerks is, that the disputed ballots '
were recognized and identified on the second count—
recognized and identified as the same ballots had
under consideration on the night of election. 1
But my colleague [Mr. Allen] asks, "Howisit
that these judges could examine these ballots so j
much more accurately four months after the trans-
action, and in the night time, than they could on 1
the day of election, under the light of the noon- ;
day sun?" My colleague must have forgotten:
the.proof is, that the first count was in the night
time, whilst the second and third were by day- !
light! |
My colleague eomplains of the loss of the tw.o \
ballots since they reached here. . Sir, the con-
testant laments it too. He was at great pains to
bring them here, and has endeavored to have
them found, buUin vain. i
My colleague inquires how Mr. Archer could
have learned that there was a mistake in Living- !
$fon precinct? There was no difficulty in that, j
A bare comparison of the poll-book with the tally- ;:
list on file in the clerk's office would show that,
to any one who also understood that three votes j J
had been rejected.
My colleague complains that he had no notice
of the recount. It was not necessary that he should
have. He had notjee of the taking of depositions,
•when the result of the recount was proved, and
he was present by his attorney.,
A few words now, Mr. Speaker, as to the ille-
fal votes, of which much has been said, and I
ave done. *
1,concede that nothing has been shown by the
contestant in regard to Towel's vote.
In regard to James Cowden, I am satisfied that
he was nota legal voter; and that he did vote for
Allen. It is true, that part of the testimony is
hearsay; but he could not be compelled to testify;
his evidence would criminate himself. The poll-
books show that he voted. It is sufficiently proved
that he was underage. He stated again and again
that he voted for Allen—stated so when it was
against his interest. It is also proved, and it is a
part of the resgesta, that he was actively engaged
in electioneering for Allen by Mr. Ruckur, who
swears that " the whole Cowden family, from
Genesis to Revelations, electioneered for Mr.
Allen—I mean the male portion of them."
New, Series—No. 65.
Joseph Lowry swears that he voted for Archer.
My colleague contends that his vote should be
rejected, on the ground that he had not been a
resident of the State for a year previous to the
election. It would be a sufficient reply to this to
say that the only evidence on this point is that
taken in April, 1855, and which my colleague
earnestly contends should not be allowed for
want of notice to him. This objection goes to the
whole evidence, if to any of it. But I submit
that the sitting member has not shown Lowry to
have been a non-resident. Lowry says: " I was
in the State of Illinois in the fall of 1852, and
stayed some three or four weeks, and left two
shirts, and never returned until the 6th of March,
1854.The question of residence is peculiarly
one of intention. It may be obtained as well in
four weeks as four years. If a party settles in a
place with the intention of remaining, he gains |
a residence at once. That a party leaving the
State with theftitention of returning, does not lose
his residence, is too clear a proposition to need
any argument to sustain it. That Lowry left
with the intention of returning is manifest, and
that he actually returned eight months before the
election is clearly proved. I submit, then, that
his place of residence was in tio way affected by
his temporary absence. He is to be regarded as
a resident of the State from the fall of 1852. In-
numerable cases have occuyed in Illinois, where
parties have thus left the State for California,
or other places, and on their return have been
allowed to vote without question. 1 submit, then,
that, even assuming the deposition in this case to
be of any validity, it wholly fails to show that
Lowry was not a legal voter.
Mr. Speaker, how stands the case now? If -
you reject both the votes of Lowry and Cowden,
then tne case is left precisely where it was after
the correction of errors in Livingston precinct—
being two majority for Archer. If you reject the
vote of Lowry alone, which I think you cannot
do, then Archer is elected by one majority. If
you reject the vote of Cowden alone, then Archer .
is elected by three majority. j
In any view, Mr. Speaker, which I have been
able to take of this case, the contestant is clearly
entitled to his seat. To this conclusion my mind
has been irresistibly forced by a careful Con-
sideration of the evidence. I have no appeals to
make to this House, and least of all, on a question
like this, any partisan appeal. I only ask this .
House to do that which shall be in accordance (
with truth, justice, and right. ,
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. JEWETT,
OF KENTUCKY,
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 25,1856. '
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. JEWETT said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not intend at this time to
enter into a discussion of all the various and im-
portant political questions of a sectional charac-
ter now agitating the public mind, believing as I
do that many of them have been sufficiently dis-
cussed both in and out of Congress, to enable
the people of the whole country to weigh, and
dispassionately and impartially to judge of their
merits, in so far as they may be involved in the
great political struggle through which we are now
passing. What 1 more especially design, Mr.
Chairman, is, briefly to examine into the status j
of the three principal parties now seeking the
confidence and support of the people, and striving
with great energy and zeal for the control of the
Federal Government.
In my remarks here to-day, I wish it to be un-
derstood that I am not only speaking to the rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States in
Congress assembled; but that lam also speaking
for, and to the people of my own State and dis-
trict, to whom alone I am responsible for what I
may say or do here in my representative capacity,
and whose interests I represent on this floor. Tne
parties now organized, and which are deemed
worthy of consideration, are the great national
Democratic party, (in which I feel proud to claim
membership,) the Republican or Abolition, and
the Know Nothing parties.
The principles of the Democratic party are so
well known, and so fully indicated in the plat-
form announced by its late national convention,
that it would be superfluous to attempt to en-
lighten the public mind in reference either to its
principles or policy.
The self-styled Republican party have nomin-
ated for the office of President and Vice President
of the United States, men of notorious hostility
to southern interests and institutions, both of
whom reside-in the free States, and so indifferent
to the feelings of the South, or so sensible of the
folly of seeking its suffrage, that it does not even
deign to nominate an electoral ticket throughout
the southern States. Such a party, ignoring
nationality by its very party tactics, and scouting
all precedent as well as principle in its warfare,
must, if successful, seriously jeopardize the sta-
bility of this great and glorious Union. For I
am very confident that no southern man could or
would desire to live under a Government in which
he had practically no voice, and whose powers
would be wielded for his injury and oppression.
If this party, whose success rests solely upon
sectional grounds, should succeed in elevating
two Free-Soil, free-State, and free-negro men to
the Presidency and Vice Presidency, it is reason-
able to suppose that in like manner will the Gov-
ernment be organized, and all the high offices
thereof filled with the worst enemies of the South
and her institutions, in which event it would be-
come a grave question with the South how long
she yould submit to such rulers. Whether this
party shall succeed in carrying the northern
States for their candidates is a question for the
people of the North to determine for themselves:
we of the South cannot control the result, and
are not, therefore, responsible for it. But
whether they are to be aided in their unholy cru-
sade by dissensions and divisions in the southern
States involves us in the gravest responsibility,
and demands our earnest and immediate consid-
eration and action.
These dissensions are most to be apprehended
from the influence of the third party, cOmrttonly
called the Know Nothing party—the party now
in power in the State which 1 have the honor
in part to represent. This, instead of being re-
garded as a party in the true sense in which we
are accustomed to understand and use that term,
should be considered rather as an organization—
a sort of Government within the limits of the
General and State Governments, assuming to ex-
ercise executive, legislative, and judicial authority,
with power to administer oaths, and to punish
its members for a violation of them; recognizing
each other by signs and grips unknown to any
one outside of their organization. This is the
party wiLh which the people of Kentucky and
the whole South have to contend in the great con-
test now just commenced; and it is, in my judg-
ment, the most dangerous party that has been
formed in this country since the Revolution.
Yet, I am free to believe that many—very many—
good and patriotic men went into the organiza-
tion from good and pure motives, whilst the larger
portion joined it to break down the Democratic
party.
Mr. Chairman, I have said that the Know
Nothing, or, if you choose, the intense American
party, is the most dangerous political organiza-
tion which has been formed in this country since
the Revolution. This I repeat; and this propo-
sition I now propose briefly to consider. Its
danger consists, in the first place, in its advocacy
of principles and policy in direct conflict with
the letter ajid spirit of the Federal, as well as the
constitution of every State of this Union, so far
as 1 have examined them—certainly in violation
of the constitution of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky; in establishing a form of government, and
a system of elections, or nominations, (which
amount to an election where they have the ma-
jority;) by swearing their members in advance
to support whomsoever their leaders may nom-
inate, without its being known who the can-
date is; by prohibiting any of their members
ft-om beooming candidates for office, either judi-
