1096
app^dix to the congressional globe.
[Jlily 36,
34th cong....1st sess.
National Politics—Mr. Jewett.
Ho. or reps.
cial, legislative, or executive, without a license
first obtained from the order; by establishing a
system of secret balloting in their councils, in
direct conflict with the laws of Kentucky and
other States who adhere with manly firmness to
the practice of their fathers of viva voce voting;
and in requiring their memhers to take and sub-
scribe a solemn oath to support no man for any
office in the gift of the American people who is
not in favor of Protestant American-born citi-
zens only filling every office, high or low, of every
grade, character, and description, in the country.
That there may be no misunderstanding in re-
gard to the solemn obligation imposed on their
members before they are admitted into their
order, I will here read the oath, as administered
in Kentucky:
" That you will not vote, nor give your influence for any
man for any office in the gift of the people, unless he be
an American-bom citizen, in favor of Americana ruling
America, nor if be be a Roman Catholic."
For the purpose of contrasting this obligation
with the Constitution of the United States, I will
here read so much of the Constitution of the latter
as bears upon the question: --
" But no religious test shall ever be required as a qualifi-
cation to any office or public trust under the United States."
Having read, for the consideration of the com-
mittee and the country, the obligation required by
the members of this peculiar political qrganiza-
zation, and the Constitution of the Union, so
that it may be readily seen wherein they conflict,
1 proceed to remark further upon the point
which I have been considering; that is, that this
organization is more dangerous to the interest
and rights of the South, than even the organiza-
tion of the Republicans at the North. This is
strong language, but not stronger than the facts
of the case ana the history of this organization
will warrant. Of what does the South com-
plain of the North ? Do we complain of them
because they do not hold slaves like ourselves?
Do we complain of them because they choose to
condemn the institution of slavery? If they do
so on proper occasions, in a proper spirit, and in
the right places—certainly not; but we do com-
plain of them, and rightfully too, for refusing to
comply with the guarantees of the Constitution j
' of the Federal Union, in regard to our slaves. ;
In a word, we complain of them for violating a j
plain provision of tne Federal Constitution. In
this, we of the South say, that the Constitution
of the United States requires that fugitives from
labor, escaping into the free States, shall, upon
demand, be given up. The Republicans or Abo-
litionists of the North say that there is a law above
the Constitution, and that that law teaches them
that slavery is an evil, and tha.t they will not
observe this guarantee of the Constitution in ref-
erence to it. It is, then, because of a refusal of
the majority in some of the northern States to
greserve the Constitution inviolate that we of the
outh complain. -
We complain further of the aggressive policy
of the North in denying to the southern people
the right to go into the territories of the Union—
acquired by the common treasure and blood of
the people of the whole Union—with their slave
porperty: this is what we complain of. And
when the whole complaint is thus made, and
understood^ it is nothing more nor less than a
violated Constitution whieh is complained of by
the South. And now I submit it to the judgment
of this House, if this is a greater violation of the j
Federal Constitution than the obligation and hor- \
rid oaths taken and subscribed by the intense ,
Americans? Are not the religious and political
rights of a native-born Roman Catholic citizen as
dear to him as is the right which he and others ;
of his fellow-citizens have, to hold and enjoy i
their slave property under the Constitution ? Are j
not the rights of a naturalized citizen, under the j
Constitution and laws of the country, as sacred
as either of the rights above-mentioned? Most
assuredly they are; but this is not all. If we of j
the South violate the Constitution in one regard,- j
how can we demand of the people of the North to I
observe it in matters affecting us and our rights ? '
If we become fanatical on the subject of religion,
and of races, in so far as tp violate constitutions,
both State and National, now can we, as honast
men, hold up the Constitution of the Union to
the people of the North, and demand of them
to preserve intact that sacred instrument? We
of the southern States should faithfully sustain
the Constitution in its purity, before we can right-
fully, or successfully, demand of others a similar
observance of our constitutional rights. It will
not do to say that there is a dangerous foreign
element in the country, and that the tendency of
the Roman Catholic religion is anti-republican,
and corrupting to the morals of our people, and
that, therefore, we are justified in banding to-
gether in secret conclave, and in a manner
unknown and unrecognized by the Constitution
and laws of the country, virtually to disfranchise
a class of our fellow-citizens whose religious
views may differ from our own; for this would
be but reestablishing that odious and long-ex-
ploded system of religious and sectarian tests
which, whenever it has been practiced, has only
served to disgrace and injure the cause of true
piety, and to retard the prosperity of the State.
It has always been the pride and boast of our
Republic, that the avenue to power, to place, and
to political elevation, was widely open to all of
our citizens; and nothing could be further from
the practice of the country, since the foundation
of our free institutions, or more adverse to the
spirit of its Constitution and laws, than the pro-
scription of men from office merely on account of
their religious tenets, no matter how spotless may '
have been their lives, what services they may
have rendered the State, or what assurances of
patriotism they may, through a long life, have
given, Yet, because they hold certain dogmas
not in accordance with our own, they are, for- '
sooth, to be excluded from all places of honor,
trust, or profit, in the administration of the Gov-
ernment, State and Federal! This principle of
the intense American party, of excluding from
public employment our Catholic and naturalized
citizens, and all others who will not consent that
none but native-born Protestant American citizens,
who will take their oaths, and subscribe their consti-
tution, and learn their signs and grips, is held by the
Democratic party to. be a palpable violation of the
spirit, if not of the letter, qf the Constitution.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, of the argument
used by the exclusive party, in defending this
principle of intense Americanism. When charged
with proscription, the argument is, that they
proscribe no one—that they merely pledge them-
selves not to vote for those who will not agree
with them in their peculiar notions of ruling
America. Well, sir, suppose that I were to agree
with them—that in strict speech or in estimation
of law, that their principles, as just stated, are
not proscriptive, which I do not; still it is a
dangerous violation of the spirit of that clause of
the Constitution which I have quoted, which de-
clares " there shall.be no religious test for any
office or trust under.the Constitution," And
again, if it should bis considered that there is no
proscription in the principles of this party, dare
any sane, man stand up here and say that it is
not as cruel and illegal a combination (and by
that I mean a conspiracy) against the political
and civil rights of our Catholic and naturalized
citizens, and all others who oppose them, as ever
animated the hearts, or nerved the arms of a body
of conspirators deliberately bent on mischief?
Sir, if, by an act of the Legislature, I am shut
out from the enjoyment of a constitutional right,
I have a remedy; I may either take the Constitu-
tion and the illegal enactment, and lay both be-
fore my fellow-countrymen, and insist on its re-
peal, or I may complain to the courts, and have
the unconstitutional law set aside; but if JCnow-
Nothingism prevails, and 1 am surrounded by a
majority of tnat order, I am wholly without rem-
edy. I am not permitted to go into their councils,
and demand to De heard there, for their doors are
closed against me. I cannot successfully appeal
to the popular voice for redress, for a majority-
are sworn—yes, sir, thrice sworn, not to heea,
even if they would consent to hear me. So that
it is wholly immaterial whether it is proscription
or a conspiracy: either one is bad enough, and
both violative of the spirit of the Constitution of
the United States, and the constitution of the
commonwealth of which I am proud to be a cit-
izen.
But, sir, there is another clause of the Federal
Constitution which it is proper to be noticed in
this connection: it is that clause which locks up
the office of President and Vice President of the
United States to natives of American soil, and
here the interdiction stops. Now, I submit, with
confidence, to the intelligence of this committee
and to the unbiased judgment of my fellow-citi
zens everywhere, does not that man violate this
] clause of the Constitution who, by his vote and
, every act, carries this interdiction one step fur-
ther than where the Constitution left it ?
1 I will not press the constitutional view of this
question any further, but will turn my attention
somewhat to the effects of this organization upon
the social habits of our people, and the good order
and quiet of the same; its pledges to the country,
if the people would but sanction it, and to tne
; first fruits of the order.
We were promised that all political strife should
be done away; that there was to be no more
electioneering; that the offices were to seek the
men, and not the men the offices; that order and
quiet should reign supreme; and, finally, that we
should have better men in office; and in the South
we were promised a party sound and national on
the vexed question of slavery. Have these prom-
ises been kept—these pledges redeemed; if so,
1 when, where, and by whom? Let the elections
; of last year, in many places, and particularly in
the city of Louisville, in my State, answer to the
! declaration so often made "of no more election-
eering"—" no wild hunt after office."
It is a notorious fact, Mr. Chairman, that, not-
withstanding the many shrieks for freedom that
we hear daily and almost hourly on this^floor,
raised in behalf of the people of Kansas, notwith-
standing the many appeals to Congress and the
1 country to interpose in behalf of the alleged suf-
ferers m that Territory, there has not been in the
whole Territory since its organization, a tithe
1 of the property destroyed, houses burned, or
homicides committed, as was the destruction of
human life and property in the city of Louisville
on the 6th day of August last; and yet we have not
heard a complaint raised in this Hall—not a word
of rebuke for the party in power there for a failure
promptly to arrest and punish the rioters of that
day. And while the shriekers for freedom and
liberty, and oppressed Kansas, have maintained
a profound silence in regard to the riots instiga-
ted, both in Louisville, Cincinnati, and other
places, by the Know Nothings, the latter party
in turn maintain a like profound silence in refer-
: ence to the Black Republican party. And although
the Know Nothings on this floor are always ready
to attack the Democratic party, the only national
party in the country, I have yet to witness the
first word of rebuke from the Know Nothings,
of the Republican party, since the organization
of this House. These, sir, are some of the fruits
of intense Americanism; but they are not all.
The elections of the past summer, in my State,
were carried for the self-styled American party
on the twelfth section of the Philadelphia plat-
form; and; strange to relate, the first Legislature
which assembled after the election repudiated said
twelfth section, by refusing to indorse so much
of the message of Governor Morehead as related
to the subject of slavery, and which was a fair
exposition and indorsement by the Governor of
the principles of his party, as contended for by
them during the canvass which resulted in placing
them and himin power in the State of Kentucky.
I will read the resolutions offered and voted for
by the Democratic members of the lower branch
of the Legislature; as also the substitute offered
| and carried by the Americans, by a majority of
' fourteen; thirty-five Democrats voting against
the substitute, and forty-nine Know Nothings
voting for it.
" Resolvtd b)lthe General Jlttembly ef the CwwwmwM
of Kentucky, That in regard to the power which Congress
had to pass the Missouri compromise, or to establish a geo-
graphical line, by which slavery was inhibited in the Terri-
tories north of that tine, we indorse and adopt the following
eltraet from Governor Mbrehead's message:
"' The Federal Government, in its original organization,
conformed itself most wisely to the then condition of the
people and the property it was intended to protect. Slavery
then existed in most of the States. The Constitution did
not pretend to make any change whatever in the relation of
master and slave. The property in slaws, such as it was,
preexisted, and the Constitution recognized it without lim-
' nation, and extended to the owqor its unqualified prot#o-
i tion. It created no property, tret recognized what*v*i was
