1836.}
A£P£NDIX TH® COIfqiSSSIpff^ C&0B®,
vm
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Constitution and the Union—Mr. Ruffin,
Ho, or Reps*
ance of the vote which bad been given the day
before- There was i uch doubt. Gentlemen will
recollect with what painful anxiety we listened
to each vote as it was recorded, and how even to
the last moment doabt was felt, entertained, and
expressed as to the result, and how gentlemen
resorted to various maneuvers to detain the Clerk
from announcing the result, in order yet to make
one other appeal to those gentlemen to do that
which they bad done the day before. But the
gentleman from New York says there were cer-
tain demonstrations, between the vote on Friday
and the time when he voted on Saturday, that
affected the result. What were they ? Has the
country been informed of those demonstrations I
Where are they? That vote was one given upon
principle, I apprehend. That vote given for Mr.
Aikbn on Friday was the result of ^ patriotic
desire on the part of those who gave it to save
this House from the organization into which it
finally fell—a result which we regarded as por-
tentous of evil to the country, and aa threatening
the interests and rights of one section of this
cuuatry. If there were such demonstrations as
would influence those gentlemen who bad given
their votes the day before for Mr. Aiken, the
country ought to know it. Demonstrations!
Where, when, by whom?
Mr. WHITNEY. By the candidates.
Mr. COBB. By the candidates! What were
they? What were those demonstrations upon
which so much was depending ? It is the first
time 1 ever heard of it; the first time that intima-
tions have reached my ear that there were dem-
onstrations of that kind. I know there were
complaints, but- from a different quarter. The
demonstrations of which we heard in the news-
papers, as made by Governor Aiken, caused com-
plaint, not with those gentlemen, but with some
of his Democratic friends..
I had not intended to have gone into this dis-
cussion. 1 came up here to-night for the purpose
of responding to this personal explanationijrom the
gentleman from Delaware; and I have-been' drawn
into these remarks by the course of remarks in
which he thought proper to indulge, and by the
interrogatories propounded by the gentleman from
New York.
THK CONSTITUTION AND THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. THOS. RUFFHf,
OV NOBTH CAROLINA,
Ijf ¥HB HotrtE or RePRESEWrATIVEt,
Jiugust 2, 1856.
Ite-Housfe belli*! in the Committee of tft« Whol« on the
Mb of the Union—
Mr. RUFFIN said:
Mr. Chairman: As these evening sessions in-
fringe not upon that portion of the time of the
Houue devoted to the transaction of important
business, and as they have been set apart for the
especial purpose of affording members an oppor-
tunity of embarking in the discussion of political
topics, I deem it unnecessary to make any apol-
ogy to the committee for occupying its attention
for the brief hour allotted me under the rules.
With great deference to the opinions of gentle-
men who have preceded me in addressing the
committee, and who entertain views antagonistic
to those that have been presented to my mind,
I now propose to submit a few remarks on the
political affaire of the country.
A question of great magnitude—yea, sir, one
preeminently important, is to be passed upon by
the people of the United States duringthe present
year. In my humble opinion, in the verdict to
be reqdered is involved the perpetuity of the in-
stitutions under which we have sarong lived and
prospered; and a question, upon^he decision of
which depends the happiness, not only of the
millions- who are now enjoying the blessings
emanating from the best form of government
ever devised by the genius of men, hut also of
the countless myriads, who, in all lime to come,
are to inhabit wis the fairest portion of God's
earthly domain. -
Disguise as you may, air, the practice issue
to be decided in th  approaching Presidential
election, the issue that looms high above all
others, is, Shall the union of these States be per-
petuated or dissolved? The Federal Union was
formed to dispense equal rights and blessings to
all the States. The Constitution, the sacred char-
ter of our political faith, the work of incorrupt-
ible patriots and illustrious statesmen, was a
compromise of conflicting interests. Those who
made it had a due appreciation of the respons-
ibilities resting upon them ; they were practical"
men, not mere theorists; they knew the purport
of the language they used, and, in its every clause
and every word, they Baid what they meant and
meant what they said. They eschewed caba-
listic words and ambiguous phrases. Staunch
in resolve and unflagging in zeal, with powerful
purpose of soul, they devoted the mighty energy
of gigantio minds to the great work of devising
a form of government adapted to the wants of a
free and independent people, ardently attached to
the eternal principles of liberty and law. Time
has demonstrated their wisdom, and shown that
their work approximates: perfection as near aa
anything of human origin could. Many of those
who aided' in framing the Constitution lived to
enjoy the proud satisfaction of witnessing its
admirable operation; and, when passing from the
scene of action, rejoiced in the hope that it would
be cherished as a priceless inheritance by all
future generations of their posterity. Little did
they anticipate that before one century—a mere
link in the endless- chain of time—had passed
away, that a powerful party would spring up in
this country to inaugurate schemes to bring about
its destruction and overthrow. That such a
party, active, powerful and numerous, is now at
work to accomplish this fell pttrpose, no man
can with truth deny. Now, for the first time in
the history of the country, a party bounded by
geographical lines has emerged from the troubled
sea of northern fanaticism, assumed a definite
shape, and entered the political arena to contest
the prize of the Presidency. It has planted its
standard of sixteen stars, representing the six-
teen non-slaveholding States, on a sectional plat-
form. With an energy unequaled and a reck-
lessness- unparalleled, it is perfecting its organi-
zation and concentrating its strength, to elevate
to the executive chairaman who, if elected, will
administer the Government under a construction
of the Constitution sanctioned neither by its
letter nor spirit—a construction never dreamed of
by the sages who framed it—a construction ut-
terly destructive of the rights of the people of
fifteenStateiaf the Union. How long can the
Union survive when it shall have been decided
that the Government is to be administered, not
for the benefit of all the States, but of a part
only? Sir, the times are portentous of evil!
What ought to be done by the friends of the Con-
! stitution and of the Union in the present emer-
gency ? All patriots should labor " with might
land main" to preserve the Constitution invio-
late. To this end they should make common
cause to crush out the sectional spirit-of fanati-
cism. It is a question far above those relating
to tariffs, banks, public lands, and .systems of
internal improvement. The issue has been pre-
sented; it stands in all its. appalling hideousness
before us; it has to he met; it cannot be evaded.
The party which has nominated John C. Fre-
mont for the Presidency presents the issue. He
has been selected as the exponent of its princi-
ples; not that he is an experienced statesman—
not that he is possessed of any peculiar qualifi-
cations for the position, but solely because he
was supposed to be available, and believed, by
those who rule the Black Republican hosts, to be
a man made up of such pliant materials as could
be molded and used to effect their purposes.
Statesmen were overlooked in convention, and &
mere adventurer, a heartless land-grabber, a cash-
iered military subordinate, was selected as the
standard-bearer of the Black Republican party—
a fit exponent of its views. The candidate is fit
for the party,-the party for the candidate; but
neither fit to control the destinies of this great j
country. The people of the United States have !
not yet sank to that low estate, when they qre
only worthy to be governed by amanikin, moved
by wires in the hands of political jugglers and
mountebank*. The election of Fr&nont would
bring rejoicing not only to the Abolition traitors,
who are plotting schemes to aubverUhe Consti-
tution, but it would be a grand jubilee for the'
motley army of monopolists, landsharks, treas-
ury marauders, and political gamblers, now so
strenuously urging his pretensions.
Suppose the Government to be controlled by the
Black Republican party—what could the South
expect from it ? Nothing of good—much of evil.
Judge what would be the action of the party from
the course of its friends in this House ! I under-
! take to assert, that no House of Representatives
1 has ever assembled in this Capitol, that has indi-
cated so strong a disposition to violate the great
principles of the Constitution, and to trample
upon the rights of the minority, as the one now
in session. Precedents long established and sanc-
tioned by reason, never heretofore questioned,
have been disregarded; guarantied rights, have
, been violated; and a spirit of unbridled reckless•
j ness has pervaded the majority of this branch of'
Congress from its commencement.
Let us examine Black Republicanism as it has.
exhibited itself here. After squandering twoi
months of the session, a Speaker and other of5-
j cers were elected. Then, in hot haste commenced.
; the dirty work of faction made arrogant by
S power. A member was chosen to preside over,
this body because of his known hostility to.the
South—man who blushed not to rise upon the.
, floor in his place here, and indirectly to avow
and advocate the damnable doctrine of the amal-
i gamation of the white and black race?—a man
who h^d elsewhere boldly proclaimed that he
was willing, in a certain state of circumstances,;
" to let the Union slid,e,"—a true representative,,
no doubt, of the "sentiment" which elected
him. In furtherance of the flagitious plans pre-
viously mapped out in caucus, the committees-
were packed, a majority of the members placed
on each committee being taken from one section
of the Union-; so that, under the rules, th.ey
might enjoy, undue advantages in the legislation
of this House.
The work of proscription was pushed to an
extent heretofore unknown; even the little pageja,.
who run upon the floor, were dismissed from
their places. All this was done by that party
composed almost entirely of members elected by
■ the, " American Party —the party of whose
I disinterested patriotism we used- to hear so much-
—the party tnat professed to have such a holy
horror of " place," and such an irresistible,
aversion to the " wild hunt after office*" Why,
sir, such was the rush for place, that, for days
after the organization of the House, the rotunda,
the vestibule, and all the approaches to this Hall*
we're thronged with a God-forsaken crowd'of
hungry expectants—lean, gaunt, hungry-looking
"patriots?' eager for the spoils,,
Mr. Chairman, there was one feature in the
organization of this House, remarkable in char-
acter and long to be remembered. There are
a class, of Representatives here, who have a pe-
culiar fondness for indulging in the use of such
stereotyped phrases as " independent represent-
atives of the free North," "the scourge <>f the-,
slave-driver's lash," " the crack of the overseer's
whip,"&c. They seem to speak feelingly when
reiterating their stale expressions; and well they
! may; for, with something akin to them, they have
| had much sad experience during the present sea-,
i sion. You no doubt recollect, Mr. Chairman,;that.
j during the early part of the session, yon repert-
j er's desk was occupied by a queer looking New
| York editor, an unfortunate specimen of nature's
j handicraft, a living libel on humanity, whp., dfay
| after day, was to be seen lounging with apparent
' listlessness there, ljke a certain foul old oird on
the bough of a dead tree. That excentric indi-
{ vidual exercised despotic sway over a certain class
j of members, his peculiar followers here, and
thundered through the columns of the Tribune
I his anathemas against such of them as were so
unfortunate as to incur his displeasure. To of-
fend hira was political death to them. The cir-
culation of his paper was extensive in their-dis-
i triots, and the fulminations of his brain passed
for gospel truth among their constituents. As a.
consequence, these "freedom shriekers"gl9rijed
in his smiles and trembled at his frowiw; his
edict was their law; he was the Conrad of. the
