1039
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Constitution and the Union—Mr. Muffin.
Ho. of Reps.
crew, and his soul animated them all. Though
they hated and feared, they dared not disobey
him.
" There was a laughm? devil in his sneer,
Til at raised emotions both of rage and fear;
And where his frown ofhatred darkly fell,
Hope withering fled, and mercy sighed—farewell!"
Let us now look for awhile to the manner of
legislating; here. All sorts of trickery have been
resorted to; rules have been violated, and the
freedom of debate, in many instances, suppressed;
the " previous question has been sprung upon
the House in season and out of season, and
an unscrupulous majority has ordered it, time
and again, to prevent discussion on the most
important questions, thus prostituting a rule,
intended for wise purposes, to the base uses of
party.
To manufacture political capital for the presi-
dential campaign, a committee was sent to Kan-
sas; and, as was anticipated by every reflecting Jj
man versed in the affairs of that Territory, civil
war followed in its wake. The majority in this
House is responsible for much of the blood that :
has been so unnecessarily shed in Kansas. Im- :
mediately after the passage of the Nebraska-
Kansas law, slavery agitators in the North com-
menced that system of tactics that has produced
so much difficulty in Kansas. That agitation has
caused the untimely death of many a poor squatter,
both pro-slavery and anti-slavery men, who, far
distant from home and kindred, now lie in their
cold and bloody graves in the wilderness, where
the wolf of the forest howls their requiem, and
the owl, the ill-boding bird of night, shrieks their ;
death-dirge. But what do men who ride into J
Fower on slavery agitation care for these things ? |
have no doubt they would be willing to see the i
plains of Kansas drenched in human gore, if they I
could thereby get control of the Federal Govern- j
ment.
Mr. Chairman, let us pass to another chapter
in the history of Black Republicanism in this
House. Representatives sent here by the people
have been harassed, hunted down, and, in effect,
driven from this Hall, for entertaining political
principles antagonistic to those of a majority here. ;
Yes, sir; members, pandering to the morbid ;
appetite of northern fanaticism, have deprived :
South Carolina of two of her Representatives on '
this floor—Messrs. Brooks and Keitt. Illinois,
too, has been deprived of one of her Represent-
atives, [Mr. James C. Allev,] to subserve the
ends of pally, in total disregard .of right and
justice. Even now, this party is hunting some
pretext to deprive Iowa of one of her Represent-
atives, [Mr. Hall.] To cap the climax, a ma-
jority of this House has declared General Whit-
field, the Delegate from Kansas, not entitled to
his seat, although he was duly elected in strict !
conformity to law. Eighty-eight members of
that majority were not satisfied with thwarting
the wishes of the people of Kansas as to who
should be their Delegate, but were so blinded by
prejudice and impervious to reason, as to record
their votes in favor of the admission of Andrew
H. Reeder, whom they sought to thrust on the
people of Kansas as their Delegate—an individual
■with no better title to the seat than the man in ,
the moon. i
Recently this House attached an amendment to '
the Army appropriation bill, iniquitous in its in- '
ception, revolutionary in its character—one which I
it is well known can, in no contingency what- !
ever, pass the Senate. If the Black Republicans j
in this House conspire together to stop the wheels
of Government, they have the power to do it. |
But, Mr. Chairman, it occurs to me there is no j
rieccssity to apprehend danger from this; when
the " tug of war" comes, they will back out from
their position; they will not dare to refuse the
necessary appropriations to carry on the Govern-
ment. When they realize the fact that they can-
not effect their object by bluster and gasconade,
a sufficient number of them will dodge out of the
way to let the bill pass. They say to the Ad-
ministration, to the Senate, and to the national
men on this floor, " If you don't do this, or don't
do that, we will withhold the supplies." An acci-
dental majority in this House is striving to usurp
the powers of coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment. They have, ofjate, invented a new
way of nullifying and resisting laws. As good
citizens, they should conform and submit to the
laws of the country; they should not forget the
good old maxim of the Roman patriot and states-
man, Legum denique idcirco omnes servi stimus, ut
liberi esse possimus.
Such is the exemplification of Black Republic- [
anism in this House. Judge of the whole party
by the specimen here exhibited! " Ex pede Her-
ctUem." Had it the control of the Government,
what enormities would it not practice ? This is \
the party that aspires to rule this great country. >
But gentlemen may rest assured that it never will
be done; John C. Fremont will never occupy the !
executive chair of the United States. |
Another party making some claims to nation- j
ality, has nominated Mr. Fillmore for the Presi- [
dency. This, the American, or Know Nothing i
party, at one time boasted of much strength, and
claimed to have arisen on the ruins of the Whig j
and Democratic parties. Within the brief period j
of its existence, it has changed its principles so !
often, and assumed so many protean shapes, that
I shall not now undertake to describe it. • As a |
party, it has become a " tertium quid "—a non- j
descript—and dwindled into comparative insig-
nificance. I shall make but few remarks about
it; my tiaie is short, and I shall not tarry to say
a long 'grace over a scanty repast. The party
has proved a woeful failure. Atone time it boasted
! that it was the great conservative party of the
| country; that it wa3 for the maintenance of the
Union as " the paramount political good," and
that it had elected from the northern States some
ninety national and conservative men to this
i House. Where are nine tenths of these northern
j national Know Nothings now? Echo answers,
' where? Where were they when the contest for
[Speaker was decided? I can tell you, sir; jast
! where they are now—drilling in the Black Repub-
i lican camp—marching under the flag with sixteen
stars, ana keeping step to the grating music of
disunion. Of those once claimed as national men,
more than nine out of ten now stand on the Union-
sliding platform, among the most implacable ene-
mies of the South.
I The organization of the Know Nothing party
! at the North has been used to strengthen Black
Republicanism, duly a small fragment of it re-
; maining, that, at this time, lays any claim to na-
tionality. Let us see what a leading Know
; Nothing paper, the Albany Register, says on
j this subject:
! " If Fremont is elected, the country will owe the Ameri-
can party a debt of gratitude; for it is not doing injustice to
other noble advocates of free soil, to say that the American
organization in the East and West, is the backbone of the
Republican party."
The idea of electing Mr. Fillmore to the Pres-
idency is preposterous. In its palmy days,
Know Nothingism had its chief strength in the
North; there it has been absorbed by Black Re-
publicanism; and in many of the States where it
was once omnipotent, it does not now seem to be
able to muster a sufficient number of supporters
even to form an electoral ticket in what is termed
the national wing of the party. Your quondam
Know Nothing has there laid down his dark lan-*
tern, and taken up Sharpe's rifle. In the intens-
ity of his love for the negro, he has forgotten
his hatred of the Catholic and the foreigner. Mr.
Fillmore cannot be elected by votes from the
South, for there " Sam "never did arrive at man's
estate; at best he was there but a little, scrawny,
rickety, scrofulous bantling, that had not strength
to stand upon his legs. Away, then, with the at-
tempt to gull southern people into the belief that
there is a chance to elect Mr, Fillmore!
If enthusiastic gentlemen, in the exuberance of
their imaginations, have pictured Mr. Fillmore
stalking into the White House on the 4th of
March next, I tell them that romantic pageant
will never pass in review before them. They
have mistaken shadow for substance; they have
| been dreamingly gazing at a mirage on the political
j horizon; they have either scanned the signs of
the times through illusory optics, or read them
the back way, like a witch's prayer.
There is one truly national party in this coun-
try, and but one—that is the Democratic party.
It has ever been national, and is so yet. It is
emphatically the party that contends for " meos-
[ ures, not for men"—it is the party of the Consti-
I tution—the party of the coflntry. Other parties
may desert their principles to conform to the
! views of their candidates, but the Democratic
will never change its principles for any man.
The Black Republican party, thirsting for the
spoils, may adhere to the fortunes of Fremont;
the Know Nothing, in its admiration of the man,
may follow in the forlorn hope, led on by Millard
Fillmore. The one may 'shout for Ca;sar, the
other declare for Pompey; but the Democratic
party, now as ever, will strike for the best inter-
ests of the commonwealth of Rome.
Assembled at Cincinnati in convention, com-
posed of delegates from every district represented
here, it has constructed a platform eminently
j national. It has reared aloft the banner of the
, Constitution and the Union. To that consecrated
J standard, hosts of patriots are flocking in serried
I ranks from every quarter of this vast Republic—
i from the warm sunlit prairies of Texas, and from
j the bleak hill tops of Maine—
 " In climes
That burn with fierce, or freeze with distant, suns."
It floats proudly in the breeze that sweeps the
' Atlantic coast; and, in distant California, from the
folden shores washed by the blue surges of tho
'acific, its inspiring folds reflect the last depart-
ing rays of the setting sun, as, far westward, it
sinks into the briny deep.
The Democratic party has presented for the
suffrages of the people, the name of James Buch-
anan, a statesman of enlarged experience and
sound principles—one true to the Constitution
and to all sections of.the Union. In vain has the
combined opposition sought to injure his reputa-
tion as a patriot, a statesman, and a true Democrat.
Reduced to desperate straits, it has ransacked the
history of the past to scrape up charges against
him. It is charged that he was a Federalist, and
opposed to the last war with Great Britain. If
this be true, it shows that he was a man who had
a heart in the right place, and loved his country
better than party, that he was for his country,
whether he believed it to be " right or wrong;"
for, when our soil was invaded by a foreign foe,
! he volunteered with alacrity, shouldered his mus-
ket, and marched to the tented field, to aid in re-
j, pelling the enemy.
;! Again, it is charged that he once Said, if he had
a drop of Democratic blood in his veins he would
let it out. After the unqualified denial of this by
Mr. Buchanan, and the mass of testimony that
has been published to disprove it, I think that no
man, who has a proper regard for his own repu-
tation for truth and candor, will stoop so low as
to reiterate the stale calumny.
On a par with this is the oft-refuted slander,
that he had advocated the reduction of the wages
1 of the laboring man to ten cents a day. I pro-
! nounce this to be utterly false, and challenge any
man on this floor to assert the contrary. Such a
charge may suit the vitiated taste of the cross-
i roads demagogue and political charlatan of the
| tippling-shop; but no man who has been intrusted
with a seat on this floor will stake his veracity on
! this execrable humbug.
Wise men, too, have of late made the astound-
ing discovery that Mr. Buchanan is unsound on
the slavery question. Whence this grave charge ?
Is it true? No, sir; entirely false; unsubstantial
as.a moonbeam; hypothetical in its origin; years
ago exploded; based on certain resolutions of a
j meeting held in Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
in 1819. What is the history of these resolutions ?
; Why, sir, simply this: that Mr. Buchanan was
not at the meeting that passed them; had nothing
j' to do with them; knew nothing about them; and
I never saw or heard of them until they were pub-
lished. He is no more responsible for them than
I I am—and they were passed long before I was
j born. Mr. Butjianan has always been true on
; this great question that is of such vital import-
ance to the South; and it is astonishing that
southern men should make allegations to the con-
trary. His whole record, extending back for
more than a third of a century, will show that he
has ever been true. His past record is a sure
guarantee for the future. We were told, in the
canvass of 1852, that General Pierce was unsound
on this question; that it would not do to trust
him; that he would betray the South, and so oil.
