1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas-Contested Election—Mr. Savage.
Ho. of Reps.
The people, however, had confidence in him;
they believed him to be an honest man, and they
Were not deceived. His administration has de-
monstrated the fact, that he was entitled to their
confidence; for he has been as true to the Consti-
tution as anyman that ever occupied the execu- ■
uve chair The South has had no cause to com- |
plain of Iiim. Between these candidates a choice ij
is to be made. Southern men must look to things !
as they are, and act upon what they may con- I
sider ri ht and proper. It is no time to wrangle
about trifles—no time for party bickerings. A '
blow is being aimed at the Constitution itself. i
The enemy is assaulting the citadel; we must
concentrate our whole strength to defend it, and
to repel the assault. We must not dissipate our
strength by skirmishing at the outposts, or im-
I pair it by internal dissensions among ourselves, i
The election of Fremont will be the death-knell
of the Union. I am no alarmist, nor do I say
' this in any spirit of bravado or threatening. I
assert it becanse I believe it. Both northern and
southern men have asserted it. Mr. Fillmore has
in substance expressed that opinion, and in lan-
guage, too, that no one can misunderstand:
" We see a political party presenting candidates fbr the )
Presidency and the Vice Presidency selected for the first ''
time from the tree States alone, with the avowed purpose of j
electing these candidates by suffrages of one part of the 'j
Union only, to rule over the whole United States. [Cries of
'Shame!' 'Shame!') l|
| " Can it be possible that those who are engaged in such a :
I measure can have seriously reflected upon theconsequences !
wincii must inevitably follow in case of success ? Can ],
tbej have the madness or the folly to believe that our ,
southern brethren would submit to be governed by such a
Chief Magistrate ? Would he be required to follow the same
I rale prescribed by those who elected him, in making his ap- ,
pointments ? If a man living south of Mason and Dixon's ] j
' line be not worthy to be President or Vice President, would
( it be proper to select one from the same quarter as one of !:
tus Cabinet council, or to represent the nation in a foreign
country; or, indeed, to collect the revenue or administer
tlie laws of the United States ? If not, what new rule is the
President to adopt for selectioif to office, that the people
themselves discard in selecting him ?
" These are serious but practical questions; and in order to
ippreciate them fully, it is only necessary to turn the tables
upon ourselves, and suppose that the South, having a ma-
jority of the electoral votes, should declare that they would
only have slaveholders for President and Vice President,
and should elect such by their exclusive suffrages to rale
over us at the North. Do you think we would submit to it I
[Cries of'No!'J No, not for one moment. And do you be-
lieve your southern brethren less sensitive on this subject
than you are, or less jealous of their rights ? If you do, let
me tell you you are certainly mistaken. And, therefore,
you must see that if this sectional party succeeds, it leads
inevitably to the destruction of this beautiful fabric, reared
by our forefathers, cemented by their blood, and bequeathed
to us as a priceless inheritance. [Tremendous cheering.]
" I tell you, my friends, that I speak warmly on this sub-
ject, for I feel that we are in danger."—Mr. Fillmore's
Speech at Albany.
Let southern gentlemen who are disposed to
vote for Mr. Fillmore, and thereby indirectly aid
f in the election of Fremont, reflect upon the awful | j
consequences that may ensue shouhl he be chosen i I
President. The radical Abolitionists, almost to ||
a man, and many of their twin brothers, the ji
supporters of Fremont—I dare assert, a majority ji
of them — are desirous for a separation of the <!
States. Their words and acts manifest it; some
of their leaders boldly avow it:
" I have no doubt but that the free and slave States ought
to be separated."—itfe-r York Tribune.
" I pray daily that this accursed Union may be dissolved,
even if blood have to be spilt."—Black Republican clergy-
man at Poughkeepsie.
" The Union is not worth supporting in connection with
the South."—Horace Greeley.
" I look forward to the day when there shall be a servile
insurrection in the South; when the black man, armed
with British bayonets, and led on by British officers, shall
assert his freedom, and wage a war of extermination against
his master; when the torch of the incendiary shall light
up the towns and cities of the South, and blot out the last
vestige of slavery. And though I may not mock at their
calamity, nor laugh when their fear cometh, yet I will hail
it as the dawn of a political millennium."—Extract from
speech of Joshua ft. GidMngs.
" If peaceful means fail us, and we are driven to the last
extremity where ballots are useless, then we'll make bul-
lets effective. [Tremendous applause.]"—Speech of Hon.
Erastus Hopkins, in Blade Republican Convention, Phil-
adelphia.
"1 detest slavery, and say unhesitatingly that i am in
favor of its abolition by some means, if it sends all the
party organizations in the Union, and the Union itself, to the
devil"—H. M. Jldduon.
" In the case of the alternative being presented of the
continuance of slavery or a dissolution of the Union, i am
•or a dissolution of the Union; I am for dissolution, and I
care not how quick it comes."—Rufus P. Spalding.
" On the action of this convention depends the fate of the
country ; if the Republicans fail at the ballot-box, we will
be forced to drive back the slaveocracy with fire and the
sword. [Cheers.]"— General James Watson Webb in Black
Republican Convention, Philadelphia.
'■ This Union is a lie. The American Union is an impos-
ture, a covenant with death,and an agreement with hell."
* * * " I am for its overtlnow ! Upwith the flag of dis-
union, that we may liave a free and glorious Republic of our
own."-— William l.ioyd Garrison.
'• Although I am not one of that classofmen who cry for
the perpetuation of the Union, though I am willing in a cer-
tain state of circumstances to let it slide."—N. P. Banks,
Speaker.
" Resolved, That whoever would assassinate President
Pierce would be a friend to his race and to his country."—
Resolution of township meeting in Ohio.
" O, God! we pray that Thou wilt curse the slaveholder
in all his undertakings, confound all his plans, and spread
terror, horror, and dismav throughout the entire South.
Curse, O, God, we ask Thee, with a blighting curse, all
the Democrats in the Union; may they in an especial man-
ner feel the weight of TJi? great displeasure. VVc entreat
Thee, O, Lord, to go to Washington and kill Frank Pierce;
show him no mercy, but strike him down; also, in your
righteous wrath, remember and punish with direful wrath,
Cass, Douglas, and Toombs; let not one of these villains
escape. We ask Thee, O, Lord, to afflict every pro slav«ry
man in Kansas with the leprosy or small pox; and may
they, after feeling the pains of a thousand deaths, be tum-
bled headlong into Ucll without a trial, there to feel ten
thousand strokes on their bare backs, daily inflicted by
each and every one of the slaves in the United States.
Our Heavenly Father, we ask Thee to strengthen us in our
resolves to make Kansas a free State at the peril of the
Union; we ask Thee to interpose Thy mighty hand in our
behalf, and help us to shiver the Union into atoms rather
than to concede to the southern demons, in the form of
slave drivers, one inch of the disputed territory."—Fourth
of July prayer of a Black Repubhcan Clergyman at Oberlin,
Ohio.
In attaching the Sherman amendment to the
Army appropriation bill, and refusing supplies
to carry on the Government, this House has per-
formed the first act in the drama of revolution.
The genius of disunion, grim, hideous, and
ghastly, has already presented its unsightly form
in this Hall, at the bidding of agitators and disor-
ganize rs. If the pluck of Black Republicanism
is not exceeded by its arrogance and treachery,
it is like even to bring matters to a speedy issue.
That assumed courage which has buoyed up the
members of that party, and is now pushing them
on to the very verge of perpetrating an atrocious
deed, will, no doubt, ooze out at their fingers'
ends ere the act is consummated. They will fly,
panic-stricken, from the untenable position they
now occupy. They will defer it to another day,
and a more auspicious time.
What hopes can the South have but in the elec-
tion of Mr. Buchanan by the people? If the
election be thrown into this House, it will, in all
probability, result in the election of Fremont,
and thereby bring unnumbered woes on the coun-
try. If the Know Nothings have all that exalted
and self-sacrificing patriotism which they profess,
(and I feel sure that many of them have,) why do
they cling to their party so tenaciously under
existing circumstances ? They well know that
the organization of that party cannot be kept up
much longer; that it is rapidly dying out every-
where; that it will soon be numbered among
the things that were; and that even now it is
but—
"a vapor eddying in the whirl of time,
And soon to vauish everlastingly."
The preservation of the Constitution and of the
Union is worthy of the highest aspirations of the
patriot. It is high time that all conservative and
national men, in all parts of the country, and of
all parties, should rally under the broad banner
of tne Constitution and the Union, and bear it
aloft, emblazoned with its splendid galaxy of
thirty-one stars, far above the reach of the polit-
ical infidels, who are now stretching forth their
polluting hands to drag it down and trail it in
the dust. May we not indulge the hope, that a
decided triumph of the " sentiment of national-
ity,'" in the approaching election, will crush out
fanaticism, drive slavery agitation from the Halls
of Congress, and settle the question for all future
time; that it will restore peace to a distracted
country, revive good will among its citizens,
and, above all, strengthen anew the strong cords
of affection and material interests which bind these
States together ? that they may continue, now and
forever,
" Unbroken as the sacred chain of nature,
That links the jarring elements in peace."
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. SAVAGE,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
July 31, 1856,
The Hoqse having under consideration the Resolution*
reported by the Committee of Elections in the Contested-
Election Case from the Territory of Kansas—
Mr. [SAVAGE said:
Mr. Speaker: I cannot promise to compensate
the attention which gentlemen may choose to
give nie by anything brilliant orentertaining, but
I do hope, i?t a quiet way, to compare the state-
ments made in the report of the majority of the
committee sent out by order of this House, with
well-established facts,, so as to show, beyond the
possibility of a doubt, that this whole Kansas
difficulty was in its beginning a traitorous assault
upon the law and authority of the United States
and the rights of the people of Kansas, and now
in its progress assails justice and truth; and that
the report of the majority of the committee so
sent is a compound of the grossest partiality, mis-
representation, and perversion. And were the
triers in this case an honest jury, sworn to find
the truth, instead of a body of excited politicians,
maddened by the hope of public plunder and po-
litical power, no honest mind could doubt for a
moment the verdict that would be rendered; the
boasted facts of the majority report would be pro-
nounced the most infamous fiction ever presented
to a legislative body. Yet it may be that we can
elicit truth out of this dark mass of perversion
and falsehood, in my opinion it does contain
some truths. It may be possible to find some
standard that will separate truth from fiction, and
point to the verdict we ought to render. I think
there is one honest document in these eleven hun-
dred pages which Will constitute a standard of
truth, and by that I intend to try this case; for,
so far as this Kansas report is concerned, I again
repeat it is basely partisan, unworthy of credit,
and contains no material fact, fairly stated, from
beginning to end.
The gentleman [Mr. Sherman] who last ad-
dressed you spoke of " the facts reported," and
it is proper, before entering upon the details, that
I should select a single specimen that will startle
truthful men, and prove that the strong language
I have used to characterize this report does it no
injustice. They report to this House, as a fact
material and important, " that Governor Reeder
received a greater number of votes of resident citi-
zens than John W. Whitfield. Yet there is not
a particle of proof in the whole one thousand one
hundred and eighty-eight pages, except the dep-
osition of Lowry, who tells us of a single precinct
that shows that Governor Reeder got any votes at
all. It is true the committee, without any authen-
tication, have reported two hundred ana twenty-
two pages purporting to be returns in certain
elections held under the authority of one James
H. Lane; but, whether they are genuine docu-
ments—the result of an honest transaction, or base
forgeries, the committee have not dared to show
by proof. It is a rule of law, that where a man
suppresses or destroys testimony in his posses-
sion, it shall be adjudged against him; ana it is a
fair conclusion from surrounding circumstances,
that these papers are fabricated to suit the occa-
sion, and that a majority of the committee, know-
ing this fact, have loaned themselves to give them
currency
In January, 1855, Governor Reeder ordered
a census to be taken of the inhabitants of the
Territory, which was completed about the 1st of
March; and on the same day he ordered an elec-
tion for members of the Legislature, to be held
on the 30th of that month. He admits that in
appointing judges at the polls he gave the free-
State men two to one; which proves most clearly
that a census taken under his authority would not
be too favorable to southern interests. It is the
only document in this vast volume upon which
we can place any reliance for a statement of facts.
It originated before the deep prejudice which
afterwards followed had been stirred up. North-
ern men dare not say that its statements are
