1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
1637
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
gan say that he will not vote to amend any bill !
which he will vote against afterwards ? I venture j
to say his practice contradicts his theory almost :
eVery day of his life, and so does the practice of !
every other man here. How would it be with a
tariff bill ? You may have a scheme for a tariff,
and I may know that it is going to pass on prin-
ciples for which I cannot vote; but shall I there- '
fore be debarred from voting on amendments
which will make it more equal, and more regular
and better? Surely not. So in regard to this;
] cannot vote for the bill; and shall I be debarred
from voting to make it more equal and more just?
The proposition is monstrous, as an ethical one, j
certainly.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan
said that, when the appropriation for the James
and Appomattox rivers was put in the bill of 1852,
my colleague in the House assured a member
from New York that if the amendment were put
in they would vote for the bill. I am authorized
by two of them whom I have setn, to say that ,
that is utterly destitute of foundation; and, as a i
proof of it, here is something of the debate which
occurred. Mr. Meade represented the Peters-
burg district, in which is the Appomattox river.
Tins question was put to him:
"Mr. Stuart. I wish to ask the gentleman another
question. J wish him to tell the committee, will he vote
(or the bill if his amendment should bG introduced into it^
This is the answer of Mr. Meade: \
" Mr. Meade. That question was also unnecessary; and |
1 should characterize it by a stronger term bat tor the
respect which I have for the gentleman from Michigan. 1
have said, in the course of my argument, that no bribe this
committee could offer would induce me to depart from the
principles in which I religiously believe, and which were
taught me from my cradle by my father. Did he admit the
supposition in his mind, at the time be asked me such a
que.-tion, that my vote would be controlled by such an
appropriation.' 1 have repeatedly said, Mr. Chairman, in
the course of my argument, and 1 had hoped that every
member of this committee Iiad heard it, that, while justice
and equity required a fair appropriation to be made to the
exigencies of my State, should such a" bill pass, yet (he det-
ection from Virginia, entertaining my views, would vote
against toe bill. But, while we, under the control of our
conscientious convictions, would vote against this bill, it
was, nevertheless, the duty of every fair man in this com-
mittee to make the appropriation. I contend that the favors
panted by Congress to any State of this Union should not
dependhupon the particular principles entertained by her in
relerence to constitutional power. I repeat again, sir, that
the Committee on Commerce, to which were referred these
various petitions, should have taken the whole subject
under their consideration; and while -I do not mean to
bring charges against that committee, or its worthy chair-
man, having the utmost confidence in it and its purposes,
yet I would regard *it as an omission of duty which prob-
ably the press of basifless had occasioned. I repeat again,
that the bill of last Congress was before that committee, for
the bills of previous Congresses are usually taken-by com-
mittees as a guide for their action, and in that bill their
attention was drawn to an appropriation for this very case."
It will be seen, therefore, that Mr. Meade, who
represented the district in which the Appomattox
river lay, gave notice that the Virginia delegation
would vote against the bill if the amendment was
introduced. I am authorized to say that Mr.
Caskie, who represented the Richmond district,
did the same thing. Here are his remarks:
"Mr. Caskie. I have great pleasure in saying to the
gentleman that T shall, at the proper time, introduce that
amendment, and vote for it myself—most certainly vote for
it It is fair and proper, however, that I should say, as I
am most careful to say everywhere—and i am sure that the
gentleman, and the other members of the commiuee will
understand my position—that I shall not vote for the bill,
with or without the amendment. But to that gentleman,
and to oth T gentlemen like him, I will appeal, and ask
tbem whether they, being satisfied of the propriety of this
policy, will not carry it out fairly, equally, and justly? Will
they refuse to carry it out fairly, equally, and justly, be-
cause 1 cannot, do not, and will not, a^ree with them as to
its propriety ? 1 am sure, at from wh f have heard from that
gentleman—with whom 1 regret that I have not had tfie
pleasure *6f an acquaintance—this evening, that he will
carry it out as, if adopted, it should be carried out, without
regard to wliat may be my opinion of the policy itself."
How, then, can it be said that the Virginia
delegation were under pledges to vote for the bill
in the event of the amendment being introduced?
On the contrary, they insisted that they, were
entitled to have it introduced, if these measure*
were to be framed with a view of dispensing
equal justice to all; and no man can dispute it;
but they said that, if that was done, it would not
relieve their constitutional objections, and^hey
could not vote for the bill. There was nothing
inconsistent—nothing 'improper in the course
which they pursued. If their purpose was, to
kill these bills, the very best mode of effecting
it was to make them equal. Make these bills
equal in their operation, frame them so that no
State shall get more than she coiuributes,and, my
word for it, you put down this system forever.
You would near no more curious arithmetic
from the Senator of Ohio, or equally astonishing
ethical considerations from him of Michigan.
They would not care one fig for the system if .
you made it equal; and how could they ? If they
got no more money than they contributed, and
that was to be lessened by the expenses of the j
agency in the hands of the United States, cer- :
tainly they would not want it. They would
choose rather to retain it and disburse the money
themselves. Does any man believe that, if our
Treasury were filled by direct taxes, such a sys-
tem as this could live a day or an hour? No,
sir, it lives, and moves, and has its being in its
inequality. Make it equal to-morrow, and you
destroy it utterly. The Senator from Michigan
knows that, and therefore he urges all sorts of
argumentsagainst equalizing it.
. t Mr. President, there is one view of the ques-
tion in which I can see how he should make an
objection; and that isrthat these bills are framed
not for the general good of the country, not to do
equal and general justice to all, but on the prin-
ciple of bargain and sale—a bargain between par-
ticular interests—" I will vote so much for you,
if you vote so much for me." If that is the
principle on which they are framed, their friends
may say, " If you have gotten in by our vote, you
must give your vote in return; if you choose to
ride in the omnibus, you must pay for it; and,
what is more, after you are in you cannot get out
except by our leave." If that is the principlepn
which .these bills are to be framed—if it is a mere
bargain and sale, a mere matter of contract be-
tween different sections and different interests,
then they may have a right to complain if one
State gets in an amendment, and afterwards votes
against the bill. That is to say, they might have
had a right to complain if they had not had no-
tice beforehand that those who moved the amend-
ment would vote against the bill. That is the
only view of the question, in which such a vote
could be censured, and I submit that, when-
ever appropriation bills of this character are
framed on such a principle, the purity of the
Government is gone forever. Is the doctrine to
be proclaimed, «• You who want money come,
and you shall have it; you vote for me, and I will
vote for you; let us arrange the principle on which
we will distribute this money, and then, when
we have made a combination strong enough, we
will carry the W ?" Ilthega tyro the principles
on which such bills are to be framed, you may
object to any vote which makes them equal; but
if, on the other hand, they are to be framed with
a view to the general welfare of the country, to
an equal distribution, you ought to thank any-
body who would vote to make them more equal
and less unjust than they were before.
Cut, Mr. President, let us see where this will
earry us; for this beautiful system is every day de-
veloping some new feature which is making it more
and more attractive. According to this theory, if
my section is left out I cap not vote to put any-
thingin on ethical considerations; and he who has
no such scruples will not put it in because I will
ndt vote for it, so that my section is to be left out
entirely. Here, then, isa.new limitation of the
constitutional power. First, we could improve
rivers only where they ran through three States.
Others would not say thatexactly, but they would
say we- could only improve rivers where they
were national in their character. Now comes
another limitation—we will only improve rivers
where they run in the midst of inhabitants who
believe in the constitutional right of this Govern-
ment to make internal improvements! That is
another limitation which you put on your system.
That is another principle which is introduced;
and Senators gravely get up and read lectures to us
because we choose to act on a different principle,
and suppose the bills are to be framed in refer-
ence to the general good of the whole country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Yir-
ginia will permit me, I should like to ask him on
what ground he asserts.,that those who are favor-
able to these river and harbor bills have inserted
a new constitutional provision of refusing appro-
priations to those States who have doubts abou'
the constitutional power? 1 am sure no vote of
mine has ever been influenced by any such con-
siderations.
Mr. HUNTER. I asserted it on the doctrine
of the Senator from Michigan; I did not say that
the Senator from Louisiana entertained his opin-
ions; but if he does, I shall assert it on his doc-
trine. The Senator from Michigan says that, if
I cannot vote for a bill, it is against ethical con-
siderations for me to vote to put in any appropri-
ation for my section of country, so as to make
it equal. Others have £iid they will not vote for
it, because we do not ask it. Then we cannot
get it; and the consequence of these two doctrines
is, that there can be no appropriation for those
rivers which run in the midst of inhabitants who
may not happen to believe in this constitutional
theory. That is what 1 say.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator; but he has not correctly apprehended
anything I have said on this subject at all. In
the first place, I did not say the delegation from
Virginia gave any such assurance as that to which
he has alluded. I stated a conversation that oc-
curred between the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce of the House of Representatives
and myself, in which that chairman stated to me
that he had assurance, or had reason to believe—
I cannot undertake at this day to give his language
—-that, if the James and Appomattox riveramend-
mcnts were put into the bill, a portion of the
Virginia delegation would vote forthe bill to insure
its passage. I said that I denied it, and told him
I did not believe any such thing. That is what I
said. I never stated that a Virginia Represent-
ative assured me of it at all. 1 simply referred
to a private conversation between the chairman
and myself.
Allow me to say another word, sir. I do not
deny, and never did deny, the parliamentary right
to amend a bill obnoxiously to defeat it, so as to
; induce its own friends to go against it; but I deny
! the ethics—the Senator can characterize it as he
; chooses—whieh permit any man to vote for an
! amendment which be declares to be unconstitu-
: uonal. He cannot distinguish: morality—ethics
do not distinguish between voting for an amend-
; mint that is unconstitutional in his own opinion,
i and voting for the provision of that amendment
in a separate bill. That is my doctrine, and to
that doctrine I stand. , t
Mr. HUNTEiU , laaid that the Senator from
Michigan had stated that he received this informa-
tion from a member from New York; but 1 submit-
ted that he had no right to make such a charge
against the Virginia delegation on hearsay unless
he was ready to prove it, and especially when he
knew (as he ought to have known, for it was an
answer to himself) that public warning had been
given by Mr. Meade that the delegation would not
vote for the bill. I say it was due to fairness that
he should have stated these circumstances if he
thought proper to bring them up at all. Far bet-
ter would it have been for him to have left the
matter alone.
Now, in regard to his other point. He speaks
now of unconstitutional bills. ' He has narrowed
his ground. But let us take it that way. So far
as the Constitution is concerned it is as much un-
! constitutional to appropriate $10,000 as $100,000.
j! You neither increase nor lessen the unconstitu-
l| tionality of it by including other provisions, but
|: you relieve it of the objection of inequality. It
ft is not the more unconstitutional at the one time
than ii was at the otlrerjbut it is more equal at
!; the one time than it was at the other. So that the
1 Senator does not escape in that way.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Louisi-
; ana asks me why I supposed the committee en-
i tertained any such view. I have not said the
! committee did—that was the result of the reas-
oning of the Senator from Michigan—but I think
I should have a right to conclude that they.enter-
1 tained such an opinion. Why is it that no bill
'! was introduced for the southern Atlantic States ?
i Why is it that they did not introduce it ? Simply
| on the ground we would not vote for it ? That is
' | not sufficient.
i Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator have an
I! answer now?
