im
TO f*HK OOiNGRESSIOMAL OLOBK.
[July 30,
34Trt Cong....1st Sess.
Rivtr and Harb&r improvements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The committee has re-
ported upon every bill which has been presented
ho the Sfenate, anil has reported no original bill
whatever, it is not original for the commitees,
-I believe, to originate bills proprio motu, but to
report on the business referred to them by the
Seriate. All these bills referred to us by the
Senate have been reported upon; we have ori-
ginated nothing in the committee in the way of
appropriation on this subjeet.
Mr. HUNTER. The James and Appomattox
rivers are as much old works as any others. Ap-
propriations were made An 1852. They took up
all the other old works, and brought in bills for
them, but not for the James or Appomattox rivers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will look at
tfce Calendar of the Senate he will see that not a
bill of this class has been reported by the com-
mittee which was not referred to them by the
Senate.
Mr.'HUNTER. That amounts to the same
thing. Inasmuch as we cannot offer these bills
they Will not do it; and therefore those sections
of the country in which these doctrines are not
popular must go without the appropriations.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator then,
if he will permit me, what we are to do to satisfy
him and his colleague? His colleague threatened
tis yesterday that, if we forced the appropriations
on Virginia, she would pass laws to drive us
away. Now, the Senator himself Complains that
■we do not force appropriations on her.
Mr. HUNTER. I aid not understand my col-
league to say any such thing as that; but he is not
here to answer for himself; he is sick. I certainly
did ndt so understand him, but at any rate there
are other States where they will not drive them
frtmy.
Mr. STUART. I want to ask the Senator a
question, because there should be some fairness
in this discussion. I want to ask the Senator,
■with his parliamentary experience, does- he be-
lieve that a committee 6f the Senate can originate
a bill When the subject has not been referred to
them by a commitment of the President's mes-
sage carrying the general subject, or by a particu-
lar bill, or by a memorial? Can a committee of
the Senate originate a bill of its own motion ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Michigan
hns maintained that the report of the Secretary
of War, which was Committed to the committee,
did contain estimates and recommendations; and
on that he could have reported an appropriation,
if he chctse. It was out of that very report that
the Senator from Ohio [Mr Pooh] read the ap-
propriations for Virginia yesterday. There was
a foundation, if he desired it.
Mr. STUART. That does not answer my
question. I ask whether the committee can origin-
ate a bill without the subject being before them?
Mr. HUNTER. I say that depends on what
ie before them. If the general subject of internal
improvements is presented to them, they can
•Originate a bill, and can present the subject in
many separate bills, or in one bill, as they choose.
Heretofore they have presented it in one; now
they present it in many bills.
Mr RENJAM1N. As a matter of justice to
the committee, I ask the Senator from Virginia
if this same Committee did not include the appro-
priations for rivers and harbors in Virginia when
the general subject was referred to them, and only
ceased to include them when the general subject
ceased to be referred, and only particular bills
were referred to them ?
Mr. HUNTER. I, thought the theory of the
committee was that the general subject had been
referred to them. They have been maintaining
here, day after day, that there were recommenda-
tions and estimates from the Department, and that
they were acting upon them. These reports were
referred to them, and if they were, they could
have originated bills upon them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The general subject was
never referred to the committee at this session.
When particular bills were referred to the com-
mittee, the former estimates Were looked to by
the committee in their action on the particular
bills. They have had no commission from the
{Senate to act oh tfae general system of internal
ijBpnmmqgts.
j Mr. HUNTER. Then I submit that, if tfie
! Secretary of War did make estimates, the com-
1 mittee ought to have had them referred, in order
i that they might act generally on the subject, and
1 not leave it to particular individuals to register
them.
I Mr. BENJAMIN. When an unjust charge is
; made, it is very easy to follow it, point after
point, and to plead pretext after pretext for mak-
ing the charge. Now, in relation to the last point
! which the Senator from Virginia makes, all that I
have to say is, that the Secretary of War did not
send us the estimates. We had the estimates of
1 two years ago which were sent to us two years
ago. We did then report a general bill including
Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I had supposed these gentle-
men were claiming to be acting on these estimates;
but at any rate, if they desired to do general jus-
I tice, how easy was it for them to introduce a res-
! olution of instruction and inquiry here, to have
; the subject referred to themselves? Was it not
j their duty to have done so, in order that they
might have some general sys'em, instead of leav-
1 ing their functions to be the mere sport of chance
and accident? As it now stands, according to
their view, they have no cognizance except when
some individual member chooses to present a
| proposition; and we are told by the Senator
' from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] that whenever that
is dpne they report it. Each member has noth-
ing to do but register his application, and forth-
with it is reported back here.
Mr. President, I say that, if this system is to
be forced upon us, it is the duty of that committee
to introduce some general and equal system.
They should not be contented to have their action
regulated by the action and motion of particular
individuals. It is their duty to introduce some-
thing that is regular and general. But when we
claim the privilege of so amending the bill as to
make it equal and general, the Senator from
Michigan interposes with his ethical objections.
Sir, I believe it was Dalgetty who said, when they
offered to give him the half instead of the whole
dollar, that he was as averse to dividing the dollar
as the woman was to dividing the child. The
Senator from Michigan is not willing to divide
the dollar. He wants to keep it all to himself;
and when we ask for an equal division he pleads
ethical considerations.
Mr. STUART. 1 ask the honorable Senator
if he has any justification for these remarks?
Have I said such a word here ?
Mr. HUNTER. Did you not say no man
can be justified in voting to amend a bill by adding
to it unless he intends to vote for the bill after-
Wards ?
No, sir.
I so understood.
I did not say so.
What did the Senator Say?
I have not said one word
against a proposition coming from Virginia, or
anywhere else. 1 have not said a word at this
: session, or at any time, in regard to the general
! distribution of these appropriations; but, on the
1 contrary, the Senate will remember that I re-
! ported at the last Congress a bill, which was a
general one, appropriating, it was conceded, as
i nearly equal as could be, for the Atlantic coast,
' the lakes, and the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries; and that Senator went against it.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly Fwent against it.
And how did that Senator go when he was in the
y House on this very proposition? When he was
a member of the other House, in 1852, and the
proposition was made to include the James and
Appomattox rivers, did he go for it? I will
answer, he went against it.
Mr. STUART. Certainly I did, and I will
vote against it to-day. In my opinion, those
appropriations put into the bill at that time were
the most objectionable features in it, and I will
vote against them any day in my life when they
are presented.
Mr. HUNTER. Iknowhewill. Now.iflam
to choose between the Senator from New York
' [Mr. Sewarj>] and the Senator from Michigan
i [Mr. Stuart]—choose between him who has
gotten into the Treasury somehow, either by the
« DMfioettttiekfey or broken in, arid wh is
Mr. STUART.
Mr. HUNTER.
Mr. SIJJART.
Mr. HUNTER.
Mr. STUART.
[ helping himself to money with both hands, and
! caring little about lectures on ethics, or any other
! subject, while he is engaged in a mere profitable
j occupation, and him who seeks to justify the
same process by reading ethical lectures to me,
! and giving me lessons as to behavior—I say com-
mend me to the Senator from New York between
\ those two; not that I mean to disparage that Sen-
! tor's power to lecture on ethical considerations,
for he can advance as peculiar notions on the sub-
ject of ethics as him of Michigan if he chooses,
that is, when he has time for such occupations,
i but he is a little more profitably employed just
■ now. We do not hear him at that; and I think
; he is rather laughing in his sleeve at those who
do engage in such occupations.
Mr. President, when the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] rose in his place yesterday, and
said that, if we wished to do what was fair, what
was politic, and what was proper in regard to
these matters, we should introduce some system
by which the States should regulate and manage
them, he uttered the words of truth and fairness;
he spoke like a statesman; and I say to him that,
whenever he will initiate any such system, he will
find friends and supporters around him. 1 be-
lieve that, whenever he does initiate it, he will
entitle himself to the gratitude of the country,
and that he will receive it; for he will afford to
us the means of escape from a system which I
fear is destined to be one of the most dangerous
and corrupting of any into which this Govern-
ment has ever entered.
I know that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Pcgh]
said it was impossible to carry it out. Why,
says he, " you will lay your port duties in New
York,and pay them there;and then in Buffalo and
pay thorn there; and then in Cleveland and pay
them there;and then in Cincinnati, where you pay
them ajain; and how could commerce ever stand
it?" On that argument I can show him that so
goods can ever get there. If you pay the trans-
portation on the Erie canal, to Buffalo, ajid then
pay the transportation from Buffalo to Cleveland,
and from Cleveland to Cincinnati, how can they
ever get there when you pay all these charges?
Is it not obvious that the charges of transporta-
tion which this trade does stand, are much greater
than any charge which could be made in order to
pay for such harbor facilities as might be neces-
sary ?
I had supposed, Mr. President, that the theory
upon which this system of internal improvements
was recommended, was, that it added more to the
total wealth of the country, than the cost of the
works. If they do not add more, or as much, no
man can justify them in an economical point of
view. Now, if they do add more than the cost of
the works, and if the benefit is a local one, would
not those persons who receive that local benefit
make instead of lose by paying the cost, because
i they get more than they pay out? And is it not
! just that those who receive the local benefit should
I pay, and not those who get nothing from it? Is
j it not manifestly unjust that the citizens of NeW
! Hampshire should have to pay for that which is
! a local benefit to some of the States on the lakes ?
Isit not as plain that the States are as much bound
! to make their improvements of this sort, as they
. are to make their canals and their roads and their
system of internal communication ? They have
shown that they were able to accomplish the
major; that is, the system of communication by
railroads and canals. My word for it, if we
abandon this branch of jurisdiction, they will show
themselves able to accomplish the minor. They
will do it more economically than we can, and
more to the satisfaction of the whole country.
How can the United States attend to the system
of internal improvements of the country, and how
ean they Undertake such a thing? Have we not
heard it said here, that their officers, their topo-
graphical engineers, who were educated for this
especial purpose, werenot to be trusted; that you
cannot trust United States officers even for the
surveys and estimates? If you Cannot trust the
United States to obtain surveys and estimates
through educated officers, how can you trust them
to &rry out such a work through contractors
Whqm they may pick up anywhere and exerf-
i where? It is impossible; and yet it is obvious
, that tki* mtwt either be done by the United States
