185&]
APPENDIX TO THE COX& R B9SKJH AL, G1X>BB
torn
34rk Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hunter.
Sewats.
government or the States, because for both to
attempt it would lead to inequalities and unfair-
ness, which would shake the Confederacy itself.
It w«st he left to one onthe other, because we
miJiht have, on the one hand, a State making a
harbor improvement at its own expense, and
have the United States,just by,«t their expense,
raising up a rival harbor at a rival town. It must
be done upon some system, and by the one or the
other. I submit that if these works do add more
to the wealth of the nation than their cost, those
who receive the benefit ought to pay for it, and
they can afford to pay for it.
It may be said perhaps that navigation does
not receive the whole benefit. If the navigating
iaterest of the town does not receive the whole
be Befit, unite it with commerce—you may unite
them. The town may do it, or the State may do
it; and if you choose, in order to confine the bur-
dens of the benefit to make it more special, so far
as Congress is concerned, let them have the priv-
ilege of laying tonnage duties. Mr. Polk, in his
veto message, has shown that, until 1823, that
was the favorite methad with the States. Up to
that time they invariably laid tonnage duties. In
1789, the State of Rhode Island passed a law
levying a tonnage duty on vessels arriving in the
port of Providence. 1 he State of Massachusetts, '
in February, 1798, and on the 1st of April, 1800,
the Slate of Pennsylvania, got permission to do 1
it. On the 23d of January, of that year, the i
State of Virginia passed a law levying tonnage
duty on vessels for improving the navigation of ,
James river. On -the 22d of February, 1813, the ;
State of Virginia again passed a law levying ton- ;
Sage duty on vessels for the navigation of the
James river; and again on the 8th. of April, 1823.
So you mightgo .througha long list of them; and it
w s not until after 1823, according to Mr. Polk, '
that this system of river and harbor improve-
ments was projected;>so that all the precedents,
and all the early history of our Government, were
against it until that time. How did h come
•bout then ? He has shownyou in his message
how we were tempted into that deviation. It
arose Qut of Mr. Monroe's celebrated report on
internal improvements; but I submit that neither
that, nor General Jackson's Maysville road veto,
which indorses that report,- sanctions the princi-
Se on which gentlemen ire voting here; because
Ir. Monroe indorsed the doctrine of Mr. Madi-
son, who declared that, under the power to regu-
late commerce, you could not make these im-
fHrovements of water-courses. Mr. Madison says,
on his veto;
" The power to regulate commerce tusong tbe several !
States cannot include a power to construct send* and canals ;
and lo improve tbe navra1i9.11 or water-coursea, in onierl
tafacilitate, promote, .111(1 secure such a commerce, without
a latitude of construction departing from the ordinary im-
port of tiie terms threatened by the known inconveniences
which doubtless led to the gnat of ttaia remedial power 40
Coogresa."
That is the authority of Mr. Madison. Mr.
Monroe indorsed that doctrine,except that he went
this pointfurther. He say a: " You cannot, within
the jurisdiction of tbe State, make these appro-
priations: but if the State gives up jurisdiction
there is a general appropriating power, and you
may appropriate provided it is for the general
Welfare." That is the way the distinction of
national and general arose. But, according to his
doctrine, you .cannot, under the war power—you
eannot. under the power to .regulate,commerce,
wake these improvements, but you may do it
under the appropriating power when the States
give up the jurisdiction, and where the object is
one which is for the general welfare. That is the
doctrine which General. Jackson indorsed in his
Maysville veto. He does not go further than that.
1 submit that all these doctrines would exclude
these river and harbor improvements, especially
•ueh as are within the jurisdiction of a single
State. We know what Mr. Polk did; we know
what has recently been done by the present Pres-
ident of the Uoited States.
Now, 1 submit that it is not right to say these
measures are sanctioned by the fathers of the
Democratic party, and it is not right to say even
that you have an established line of preeeeffhts
for them, because it appears, from this history of
Miu.Polk, that, up to 1&93, the precedents were
s<fciCsitn*rt,jthem. Bat, Mr- President, I ask if
' we are to overrule the Constitution upon the doc-
trine of precedents? General Jackson well says,
in his Maysville veto, it will be an unhappy day
when we have to go for a construction of the
Constitution to the statute-book, and not to the
Constitution itself. I regret to say, that we haVe
reached that period; we have turned the Consti-
tution out of our Chamber, so far as this question
is concerned; we have gope to the statute-book.
The Constitution provides that we shall notamend
it. We may recommend amendments, but we
have no power to amend it ourselves, and it can
only be amended by three fourths of the States.
It seems, according to these recent doctrines, that
we may amend it by statute; and when we take
up a law on the statute-book, and see a bill appro-
priating for light-houses and buoys, the title ought
to have been amended. It means something more
than that. It is not only to Appropriate for these
purposes, but to amend and change the Constitu-
tion, find to introduce new powers in regard to
the regulation of commerce. Sir, the Democratic
party, in my opinion, very wisely sought to shut
out this'danger, by affirming that there was no
power to introduce a general system of internal
improvement by the General Government. It is
obvious that the major includes the minor; and
-that, if t lie re is no power to introduce a general
I system, there is none to act in particular and indi-
j vidual instances. Jfo man has attempted to show
the power. No man has attempted to show it,
j except upon precedent, and from precedent in a
! few cases, in contradiction to the omission to act
for mofe tfaaa -thirty ywH in the earl y history
1 of Our Republic—in contradiction to the doctrines
' of the great fathers of the Democratic fiepub-
i liean party.
Now, I guy that the sooner we take trar bear-
' inga, and get back t6 where we stood in those
early and.better days, the better it will be for us
1 and the country. Rely upon it, sir, we can run
j no Mice With our opponents in this game of gen-
' -eral (expenditure. My friend from Ohio [Mt*.
Pugh] cannot compete with his colleague [Mr.
Wade] on this question. The latter 'will vote
for more of these bills than'the former, and has
done it, I believe, at the present session. The
Democratic party cannot sustain itself upon any
doctrine of general expenditures—upon any dex-
trine of favoring particular interests by ex-
pending money here or expending it there. If it
lives, it must live on the justice of its principles;
it must live on its great doctrines wnich leave
everything -that can be left to individual' enter-
prise, which commit it-to an economical admin-
istr&tjtfn of tbe Oovernment, to free and equal
rights and privileges, amongst the people and
amongst the "'States, and amongst the different
sections of this Confederacy. It must stand upon
^ these great principles which have made it the
; grand conservative party of the country, and
which yet make its nag the banner to which we
all look from the East and the West, from the
North and the South, for the preservation of our
rights, our liberties, and our Union. And shall
we place money against these inestimable bless-
ings-T*hall we be induced to step aside from our
high mission for tbe sake of any paltry question
of appropriation ? Shall we be tola that under our
' system you do not get money enough ? Why,
1 sir, if we leave th6 money in your pockets—if we
preserve for you the Constitution and the princi-
ples of fair and sound government, the means of
exercising your own liberties and your own ener-
gies, do we not offer you a far higher boon than if
we lined your rivers with gold? Mr. President, as
I said to ray friend from Ohio the other day, when
he was making some complaint of this sort, if we
| can preserve the landmarks and the bulwarks of
i the Constitution for him, by which alone Amer-
1 ican liberty can be secured, and by which alone
American genius can be nurtured and cherished,
we render a far more inestimable benefit to him
and his constituents than if we were to make sea-
walls and breakwaters and harbors and canals
throughout the whole lake coast and river shore
of the State of Ohio.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have ab-
stained from saying anything in this debate; and
it cannot be expected that at so late a period in
the passage of these bills I shall go into 9 discus*
sioii of a general system of internal improvements
i or the improvement of rivers arid harbors, nor do
I intend to do so; but a groat many things have
been said on the floor of the Senate to which I
have listened with a great deal of impatience; and,
' particularly, imputation after imputation, charge
after charge, lias been made upon the members
! of the Committee on Commerce, upon the motives
which have guided them, upon their course of
action, upon their dereliction of duty, and 1 do
not know what else, by the members who are
opposed to these bills. It is fair, it is just, it is
! proper, that Senators who are opposed to the im-
! provement of rivers and harbors should express
their opinions freely and fully—that they should
Eresent their objections to the system just as the
enator from Virginia has done towards the close
i of his speech. To that no exception could be
taken by any one. But, sir, many remarks were
made by that Senator in the earlier portion of his
speech, and many remarks were previously made
by the Senator "from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
which I think far exceed the bounds of courteous
discussion in the Senate, and to which' I am unwil-
ling for my part any longer to submit. In making
: answer, however, to these imputations, 1 shall
not confine myself to what is strictly personal to
the committee, but shall refer, i« as few words as
I conveniently can,' to Some of the principles
1 which have been advanced.
We have hod the changes rung over and over
again upon this topic of equality of expenditures.
Gentlemen have set up for themselvessome fartct-
! ful notion of the possibility of the revenues of this
Government being distributed between the differ-
ent States of the Union upon some principle of
'equality, which is to be observed in each item 6f
the expenditure of *he Government, because, if
Ithatjuisot'Chfehr position, it Has ho strength at all.
Gentlemen «ay that, if you-take the Treasury of
the United States, and divert the public funds to
the improvement of rivers and harbors, even :ff
you have the power, it is improper to exercise it,
because, according to the statement of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, from the very nature of the
8ubjcct,you cannot divide those funds with equal-
ity among the State*.
Why, Mr. President, -what does this argomeht
prove but the impossibility of any government
whatever? By your Constitution, it is the dtfty
of the Federal Government to protect this coun-
try from foreign enemies. Does the State of
Kentucky complain that no foHifieatititrt«5e!btriIt
within its borden, but thftt-'thfc roorwry bf the
Government* isspastfh <tb*"8tate 6f Virginia to
fortify its harbors ? Does the State of Oluo com-
-plainthat money is drawn from the public Treas-
ury to support and maintain the naval depot and a
navy-yard at Norfolk, and that nothing is appro-
priated for that purpose in Ohio ? Where is tbe
equality in these expenditures ? Is it consistent
with any sound theory of government to main-
tain that every item of public expenditure'shall,
on all occasions, without regard to the exigencies
of the public welfare, be divided out between the
different States in some exact proportion, accord-
ing to their population,or contributions to the fisk,
or representative basis, or any other basis that
you choose to take ? Sir, the idea is a fanciful
one. It is impassible to be put into practical
operation. In no 'single branch of the public ex-
penditure can you find an exact and equal appor-
tionment of that expenditure between the different
States of the Union; but the Federal Government,
as the head of the whole country—the Federal
Goverhment, exercising those powers which have
been confided to it by the Constitution, distributes
its revenues where they are required for different
public purposes, amongst the different States of
the Confederacy, withoutany regard whatever to
, any equality of expenditure, so far as any par-
ticular item is concerned.
Where isyourarmy now? Is there any army
supported in the old States? Is there any army
supported in the interior on this side of the Mis-
sissippi river? Your army is faraway upon the
i western frontier. You have it in California—you
i have it in Oregon—to be sure Oregon is not yet
! a State, but if it were 4t State, yottr army would
j be there just as well-as it is now as a Territory—
and your army w in Florida—y?"r army is where
Jts services are requiwd. It ie pot divided q«
any fanciful theo y of «<faahty projirirtiaflajwfy
