1040
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
amongst the several States of the Union. The
expenditures for this purpose are made where
they are required. The expenditures for naval
purposes are made where they are required. The
expenditures for collecting the public revenue are
made where they are required. Millions are spen t
in New York to hundreds in Kentucky, and why?
Because the expenditure is reauired for the gen-
eral welfare in New York, anu no such expendi-
tureis required in Kentucky. When, therefore,
we are told that it is impossible to make this
system equal, I answer that I admit it, and when
I admit it I have admitted nothing against the
system.
But, sir, charges are made against the mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce of what is
called " bargain and sale." One gentleman speaks
of a coalition and combinations, and another of
bargain and sale.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say so. I said that
on that theory of these bills they could found a
pretension that men had no right to vote on an
amendment who would not vote for the bill, and
on no other theory could they support such an
argument.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I took down the Senator's
words as he uttered them. He stated of some
propositions advanced by the friends of these
measures, that no other system appeared to pre-
vail by which their actions were guided, than
that of bargain and sale; that where one wanted
an improvement and could not get it, it was on
the ground that he would not vote for the im-
provement of the others. -  
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say so. I said it
was only on that theory of such a bill that you
could found the doctrine that we could not vote
to amend a bill without voting for the whole. I
- said, that if it was a matter of bargain and sale,
that doctrine might hold, but not otherwise. I
did not say that was the principle on which the
bill was founded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall hot attempt, o
course, t$ dispute what the Senator from Vir-
ginia says in relation to the construction of his
remarks. 1 would not for a moment attempt it;
but the Senator from Virginia went further, and
said that, if any of these improvements were to
be made, it was the duty of the committee to
report some general system. Now, sir, from
the time these river and harbor bills have first
been Cite subject of discussion in the Legislature
of the country, objection has been made to a
general system. The objection has always been
piade by the opponents to any general bill. We
have been tola over and over again, " Bring in
separate bills; bring in bills upon which each
appropriation can be examined on its own merits.
Let the distinctive circumstances which recom-
mend each appropriation to the support of Con-
gress be examined and brought forward; and then
let each improvement be rejected, or made in
accordance with its own merits."
•That system was followed until two years ago.
Whenever the general bill was brought forward,
just such charges as are now made against these
separate bills were then made with much greater
appearance of truth. We were told the general
bill had been the subject of bargain, coalition, and
combination. We were told that was a fatal
system. We were told that it was contrary to
the Democratic platform; that it was a general
system; that all these improvements must be
made by special bills, and that then gentlemen
would be ready to give their vote according to
the particular merits of each improvement. That
was what the President of the United States told
us in his veto message, which was supported by
the gentleman from Virginia and the gentleman
from Georgia. Then, when yielding to their
objections, and when yielding to the objections
of the President, we bring forward tne bills
separately, we are taunted with having omitted
appropriations for particular parts of the country,
in relation to which no bills have been presented
to us. We are told that it was our duty to bring
forward a general bill instead of the separate bills,
after having been formerly told, by the same
Senator, that it was our duty to bring in these
bills separately, instead of a general system.
Mr. HUNTER.. Does the Senator refer to me?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do.
Mr. HUNTER. My own opinion is, that a
general system could be initiated just as well by
bringing in separate bills, provided they were bills
for all the different sections, as by ail omnibus
bill. I say now, there ought to be a bill for each
measure; but if we are to have the system, there
ought to be bills for all thedifferent sections of the
country, and it ought to be general in thatregard.
Mr. BENJAMIN... Mr. President, every bill
which any Senator has thought ought to be
passed, for any improvement of a river or harbor,
has been referred by this body to the committee,
and has been by this committee reported upon;
and I can understand the objection of the Senator
from Virginia in no other light than this: that, be-
cause he did not choose, as the representative of
his State, to propose that any improvement should
be made in any river or harbor in his State, the
committee are to blame for noffinding it out, and
not doing that which, if his State desired, it was
his duty to present. Sir, if the State of Virginia
desired an improvement for any river or harbor,
or thought one necessary, why is it that her Rep-
resentatives do not present the bill for it? They
tell you it is because they cannot vote for such a
bill; because they cannot promote its passage;
because they do not believe in the power of Con-
gress to pass any such bill; and yet, whilst they
tell us that they will not introduce suclf bill, that
they will not pass it, that they will not advocate
its passage and vote for it, they blame the com-
mittee for not doing that which they themselves
refuse to do.
The Senator from Virginia, because the com-
mittee has not brought forward a series of bills
for the improvement of rivers and harbors in
different parts of the country, blames us for not
bringing in more bills. He says that, if we bring
in a large number of bills, which comprehend
almost the entire coast of the country, we ought
to have brought in bills for the entire coast. We
have not brought in billsenough now. Theother
day we had brought in toomany. One gentleman
complains of the number of bills as insufficient,
and the other gentleman complains of the bills as
too great. Why, Mr. President, we all knowthat,
if this committee had been endowed with all the
wisdom thatit has pleased Divine Providence ever
to confer on human intelligence, with all the hon-
esty of purpose that could be supposed, compat-
ible with the frailties of human nature, and had
brought in a bill on this subject as perfect as angels
could make, or conceive it, objections just such as
those which have been uttered on this floor would
have been urged against that bill—objections the
most inconsistent—objections by one which, when
answered, are immediately met by the opposite
objection fronxatiother opponent of the bill.
Sir, the committee has believed that it is in the
power of the General Government to improve the
rivers and harbors of the country, wherever those
rivers and harbors come within the constitutional 11
power of Congress to regulate commerce between
the States, and between the United States and i
foreign countries.
Now, one word as to this particular harbor,
and one word as to the principle which was yes-
terday repudiated by the venerable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as also by the Senator
from Georgia, but to which I hold, and by which ,
my vote shall be governed. The Senator from j
Michigan who supports this bill, says that he
cannot give his assent to the principle that the
power of Congress is ever regulated by the fact,
whether the improvement is made on a river
which is within the exclusive jurisdiction of a
particular State, or not. My vote will be governed
by that; and yet I shall vote for this bill, and I
am not at all inconsistent in asserting both prop- '
ositions. This bill is not, as the Senator from
Georgia thought proper to state yesterday, a bill
for the improvement of the Passaic river. The
principle on which I go is this—I state it plainly
and clearly that I may be understood: wherever (j
Congress has the power to regulate commerce— j
wherever it has the power to render navigation j
safe and easy by tne erection of light-houses, !
buoys, or piers, there it has the same constitu- j
tional power to render that navigation safe and i
easy by the removal of natural obstructions, or '
by the creation of artificial facilities. This port j
of Newark, in relation to which this discussion I
sprung up, is situated near the mouth of the Pas-
saic river. The port of Newark is engaged in an
extensive commerce with the other States of the
Union, and it is because Congress has thepower
to regulate commerce between the different States
of this Union—because it is its duty to do so—
because it derives revenue from that port from its
foreign importations—because nearly the entire
revenues of the Government are derived from im-
positions on commerce, that I deem it not only
the right, but the duty, of the General Govern-
ment to expend some portion of that fund which
it levies upon commerce, for granting facilities to
that very commerce which is made the main
source of the public revenues of the country.
If these improvements were intended to be
made upon the Passaic river above the port of
entry, I should vote against them. On the James
river, on the Appomattox river, I shall vote
against any improvements on either oS those
rivers above the ports which are engaged in
commerce with foreign countries or with sister
States. Above those points, the rivers are within
the exclusive jurisdiction ef the State of Virginia,
which regulates her own internal commerce, and
it is her duty to make her own iuternal improve-
ments. On the Hudson river, just so high aB
foreign commerce extends, just so high as the
reports show that it is doing business with the
different States, and not confined to the internal
trade of the State of New York, just so high will
I vote appropriations for the improvement of that
river. But when we get to any point on that
river above which its whole course is occupied
onlybythe internal commerce of the State,where
it is doing no business with other States or for-
eign countries, then I will cease to vote for appro-
priations, because they do not come within the
power of Congress, which extends only to the
regulation of tue intercourse between the States,
and between one State and foreign countries.
That is the limit, according to my notions of the
Constitution, of the power of Congress in expend-
ing money for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. I do not say that I am right in this. I
know too well the difficulties which surround this
subject—I know too well the differences of opin-
ion that have existed since the very foundation
of the Government, to pretend for one moment
that I am certain that I am right in my construc-
tion; but this is the point to which I have been
led by the best consideration I have been able to
give the subject, and on this point shall I stand
until I hear some argument different from any
which has yet been offered on this floor, calcu-
lated to satisfy my judgment that I am wrong in
this position.
Mr. President, the gentlemen who oppose this
system of the improvement of rivers ana harbors,
have been asked again and again on this floor,
but the question has been put to them in vain—it
never has been answered, and never will be an-
swered, to the satisfaction of an intelligent mind—
whence do you derive the power to make light-
houses and buoys, and piers in harbors, which
has been exercised from the foundation of the
Republic, if you have not the power to remove
the obstructions which' those buoys and light-
houses are erected for indicating? How happens
it that this Republic is so constituted that you
may expend a million of dollars in erecting light-
houses to point to the mariner the path which he
ought to pursue in order to avoid an obstruction
in your waters, and yet you cannot expend a
thousand dollars for the removal of those very
obstructions which would render the light-houses
unnecessary? That is an extreme illustration,
if you please; but it is by extreme illustrations
that principles are best tested. You have the
right—all admit it; they admit it because the day
is now too late for contesting it—to construct
light-houses, beacons, and buoys, on the entire
extent of yonr Pacific coast. Where is the power?
What is the clauseof the Constitution that grants
it? None other but that which authorizes you
to regulate commerce. If that clause can be con-
strued to grant that power to Congress—and it
has been so construed, not only by the Congresses
of rae present day, but by the fathers—I ask why
it is that the same clause of the Constitution does
not also confer the power to render navigation
aafa and easy, 4>y removing these obstructions ?
