1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
34th Gong....1st Sess-.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
A great deal has been said in relation to the
whole line of harbors on the southern coast of
the northern lakes. Those northern lakes are not
under the jurisdiction of particular States; they
are the bou ndaries between us and foreign nations;
they are the links of communication between a
number of our northern States. On their bosom
a vast commerce is borne, and to their waters is
confided the safety of large numbers of our fellow-
citizens. The interest there is a national interest,
as much so as any on the Atlantic coast—as much
so as any in the valleys of our western rivers;
and because the peculiar conformation of those
lakes has left them destitute of harbors of refuge;
because commerce there is left without any chance
«f safety, or refuge from storm, shall I be told
that I am voting merely local or State appropria-
tions, because I agree that a system of narbors
of refuge for commerce and for your Navy shall
be constructed on the southern borders of these
lakes ? Nature has made no indentations there.
Your storms come from the north, sweeping over
vast extents of water, and your vessels are driven
down oA alee shore, where there is notthe slightest
appearance of a harbor to protect them from ship-
wreck and destruction. The lakes are the bounda-
ries between us and a foreign country. They are
peculiarly, so far as the national interests are con-
cerned, under the control of the General Govern-
ment. Who is to provide harbors of refuge there,
artificial though they may be ? Gentlemen say, let
them be provided by the particular States. What
justice in that ? Is a harbor on the southern shore
of Lake Erie required simply for the commerce of
the State of New York? Doe? no other com-
merce reap the benefit of such a harbor than the
commerce of the State of New York? _On the
contrary, is not every pound of merchandise, and
every life that is borne on those waters, equally
interested in the existence of harbors of some
kind, in which refuge may be taken in amoment
of peril?
These are peculiarly national interests; and so
far as my course and vote have been concerned
on this floor, 1 have been guided by that consid-
eration, and thai consideration alone. If the par-
ticular State where the improvement is to be made
is alone interested in the improvement, 1 vote
against it; but if the improvement, however local
it may apparently be, can be shown to affect the
general interests of the country, either in relation
to its commerce between the States, or in relation
to the commerce between the Union and foreign
countries, I give my vote for the appropriation
required for those interests.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator will allow me
to state that the lakes are the subject-matter of
treaties between the United States and Great
Britain, fixing the number of armed vessels that
may be kept there in time of peace-
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am indebted to my friend
from California for the suggestion. That alone
would suffice to show the purely national char-
acter of those waters, and the want of power in
the States to exercise any exclusive jurisdiction
over them.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Georgia,
and the Senator from Virginia, both seriously
attempt to compare the system of the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors with the system of
internal improvements, as carried on by railroads
within the States. Is not the answer to that
prompt, clear, and obvious ? The man who car-
ries freight or passengers upon a railroad, is en-
titled to charge for so carrying. He builds his
railroad, and no man has a right to go on it
without paying. Will you prevent any man from
going on the northern lakes who does not pay
for going there ? Will you organize a system by
which men shall convert the northern lakes, or
the western rivers, into private property, improve
them at their own expense, ana then charge every
vessel that navigates the waters ? By what right
will you do it ?
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ? Is he aware that in the port
of-Baltimore it has been done for years, and tney
do charge tonnage duties?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am coming to that ques-
tion of tonnage duties in particular ports, in a
moment. That whole theory of tonnage duties
is fallacious, and I can prove it to be so. I am
New Series—No. 66.
now examining the argument of the honorable
Senator when he compares railroads with rivers
and lakes; and I say that those artificial communi-
cations, created by the labor and by the capital
of individuals, are only made when individuals
will be paid a reasonable compensation for the
outlay of capital; but, on the other hand, your
rivers and your lakes are public highways; every
man has a right to navigate them; no man has a
right to charge for the navigation of them. Look
at the conditions on which all the western States
have been incorporated into the Union; look at
the theory on which Louisiana and the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi were acquired from
France. Whence came those acquisitions to the
Union? Not by the money of Louisiana, or
Mississippi, or Tennessee, or any of the States
bordering on that river; but the money which
was paid to France for the acquisition of Louis-
iana came out of the common Treasury of the
Union, and the navigation of the Mississippi
river belongs to the whole people. With a high-
way like that, bought by the common treasure
belonging to the whole people, on what ground,
will you present a system before us which pre-
supposes the rights of States, even with the con-
sent of Congress, to tax particular individuals
who maybe borne on those waters ? You order
tonnage duties on the Mississippi river—let us
take that river for example. There is fifteen or
sixteen feet depth of water at the bar of that river.
That is quite deep enough fqr three fourths of the
commerce which passes up the river. That com-
merce passing the bar on that depth of water is
entitled, by virtue of the acquisition of that ter-
ritory with the common fund of the Union^ to
the free navigation of the river. Vessels of a
different draft of water may pass over particular
obstructions when you go up the river, whilst
other vessels of greater draft cannot. Those of
smaller draft are entitled to go free, because that
is one of the conditions upon which this acquisi-
tion was made for the country. Upon what sys-
tem, thfen, are you going to compare this river,
thus belonging to the entire country, appropriated
to the use of the entire country, with railroads
built by private capital, and belonging to indi-
viduals in the States ?
Who will have the power of clearing out the
mouth of the Mississippi? Those waters do not
belong to the State of Louisiana. There is no
exclusive jurisdiction over them in her. She has
no right to exclude a vessel from the mouth of
the river, nor to discriminate between one vessel
and another. The passage by the mouth of that
river does not lead to the ports of Louisiana
alone. There are ports of entry in Mississippi
and Missouri; St. Louis is a port of entry. Who
is going to collect the tonnage duties at the mouth
of the Mississippi? Is it Missouri, is it Louisi-
ana, or any one of the other dozen States that
border on those waters? Who is to have this
power? According to the Senator from Illinois,
you are going to have an imperium in iinperio, and
a number of them scattered over this Union.
Wherever ther(j is ariver on the borders of which
different States are situated, they are to form differ-
ent confederacies; they are to portion commerce:
they are to have the control of the navigation of
those rivers, and to have invested in them by
Congress the power'of regulating tonnage duties.
Who knows what amonnt of tonnage duties they
will levy? How will you restrict them? How
will you control their power? How will you
prevent them from depriving the other States of
the Union, by an exaggerated use of that power,
of the enjoyment of that to which they are en-
titled by virtue of the common acquisition of
the whole ?• What limit will you put to such a
system ? .What are the practical means by which
you are to carry it out? Take the example,
given yesterday in illustration by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgh,] and answer it if you can.
There is no answer possible to it. The whole
theory is an illusory one; 'it is an impracticable
one; and no bill will ever be brought into this
body to carry it out.
The Senator from Illinois, in his speech yes-
terday, in public speeches and letters before, has
advocated this system again and again. I have
never yet seen the skeleton of a bill containing
the provisions by which that system is to be car-
ried, and I never expect to see it. If the Senator
from Virginia is so enamored of this system—if
he believes it so far superior to that which now
exists, let him try his hand on a bill of that kind,
and see how successful he will be. Mr. Presi-
dent, we who live on the western streams have
examined these subjects with exceeding care;
there has been no one of these projects brought
forward that has not undergone the test of crit-
ical examination by the people of the western
country; and I tell you that no such system as
that will ever receive the favor of one man in
a thousand in any of your western States and
Territories. It is impracticable in its nature. It
would be a check upon commence. It would
prevent free intercourse between the States. It
would break up one of the very beauties of this
Union under which we live—free and unrestricted
commerce, free as air, between every man and
every State of this Confederacy.
Now, sir, the Senator from Virginia tells us
that, up to the year 1823, this system of tonnage
duties nad existed, and existed with perfect suc-
cess. 1 admit the practicability of such a sys-
tem for a particular harbor, in a particular State,
when that State chooses thus to appropriate
means for the improvement of its harbor. I ad-
mit that the harbor of Baltimore may be improved
in that way; I admit that the harbor of Boston, in
Massachusetts, may be improved in that way;
I admit that the harbor of New Orleans may be
improved in that way; but how are you going to
do with those improvements which do not belong
to any particular State? Are we to be told that,
under our system of government, certain public
exigencies, of the most pressing importance, are
placed before us, and that the power neither ex-
ists in the State sovereignties, nor in the General
Government, to meet those exigencies? Have
our fathers really been so self-stultifying as this ?
The power must exist; it must exist somewhere.
Your Constitution tells you distinctly that every
power, not confided to the General Government,
is reserved to the, State governments, or the peo-
ple of the States. Now, I say, it is impossible
to show me how this power can be exercised by
the States individually, or by the people of par-
ticular States. It is a power which, in its very
nature, can only be exercised by the General
Government. It has been so regarded from the
origin. It has time and again been contested, but
time and again it has been confirmed. It has
been asserted over and over again as the founda-
tion of your public statutes of appropriations for
the improvement of rivers and harbors.
It is true, there are certain things in this Re-
public which are never admitted. It is true, there
are certain principles on which r the Government
of the country has been conducted for nearly
three quarters of a century, which are still con-
tested. I have heard the Senator from Georgia
here repeatedly declare that he paid no regard to
former precedent. In the discussion on the Navy
bill, he actually went back to the foundation of
the Government for the purpose of satisfying the
Senate and the country that the Executive had
no right to remove officers from the public service.
I desire to say nothing except with all due
respect to that Senator; but he has more than
once reminded me of the comedy of Racine called
the Suitors or Pleaders, in which the lawyer
called upon for the purpose of arguing the title to
a capon which had been stolen by a man from his
neighbor, begins with describing the creation of
the world, and the judge asks him: "Lawyer,
just skip to the deluge." I also feel inclined, when
hearing that gentleman's arguments, to ask him
to skip to the deluge, not go back to creation.
[Laughter.] That has occurred over and over
again. In this very discussion, nothing thathas
been done one hundred years ago is sacred; it
must all be proven over and over again, until
finally we have got back, as I said in the opening
of my remarks, to the discussion of the question
of equality in the expenditures of the Government
in expending public money in each branch of the
Eublic service—an argument that has been ex-
austed since the theory of government was dis-
cussed. I admit that the system on which we are
acting is not equals I admit it is not the best; I
admit its imperfections; and, if it were in my
power to replace it by another and wiser one,1
