1049
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 30,
34*h Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
Would do so; but I am obliged, in the present
condition of public affairs, and with the present
views of public men, and particularly with the
views entertained and urged in this body, to take
the best I can get, or take nothing at all.
When I listen to the clamors of the people
rising from the western parts of this Union—
when I listen to the cries of the shipwrecked
mariner—when I listen to the complaints of
the man whose property is sacrificed by oar con-
stant discussions on this subject—by our com-
mencing improvements and leaving them half
done, and leaving them to be obstructions instead
of ameliorations in communications between the
different States—when I think of the exigencies
of the public service—when I find that those who
are opposed to this system propose no other that
is practicable, and I find them simply seeking out
querulously to make opposition to this system in-
stead of joining heartily in devising some other
system suitable to us as well as to them—when I
find, in the language of the Senator from Illinois,
that their opposition-is always a negative one,
a fault-finding opposition, not a remedy-devising
opposition—then, I say, so long as that system
of tactics is pursued in opposition to this system
of improvements, I am bound to stand for what
we have got. Let the Senator from Virginia, or
the Senator from Georgia, suggest something
better to us, and I will go with them heart and
soul. I admit the imperfections of this system;
I agree that it leads to abuses; but where is the
human power that is not liable to that ? That ar-
gument against the existence of power is as old
km creation. It has always been answered in the
suae way. The liability to abuse is no argument
against the existence of a power. If the liability
to abuse were an argument against the existence
of power, no civil authority would exist, and
mankind would be thrown into the original anar-
chy which existedbefore government was known.
The power must exist somewhere. It must be
regulated on Some principle. Regulate it as you
please-, devise a better system, and I will join you
in it; I will advocate it with you; I will vote
against this when you give me a better; but as
long as we are compelled to have this or nothing,
this shall receive my support.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, it is not a
matter of surprise to me that the Senator from
Louisiana and myself should differ fundament-
ally on constitutional questions. I go to the
Constitution for my authority. Where does he
get his? In the argument which he has just
made, he says that he goes to the States, and if
they cannot exercise a particular power, it be-
longs to the General Government. My simple
reply is, the Constitution does not say so. His
statement is that the States cannot exercise this
power, and he will not believe that our fathers
have not put it somewhere, and therefore it be-
longs to the General Government. I do not
derive the powers of this Government ia that
Way. I believe in the clause of the Consti-
tution to which the Senator alluded, that all
powers not granted by it to the General Govern-
ment, nor denied to the States, belong to the
States respectively, or to the people. There let
them stand. But the Senator from Louisiana, if
he cannot find them in the States, or if he as-
sumes that it is inconvenient for the States to
exercise them, says they belong to the General
Government. This mode of reasoning is in ex-
press conflict with the Constitution, and neces-
sarily leads to the most • enormous and unwar-
mutable assumptions of power.
TheSenator admits the inequality of this sys-
tem, but he assumes the extraordinary position
that because some of the necessities of the social
system mtwt be unequal, therefore all may be
unequal. He takes the Army as an illustration.
As 1 stated m a former speech on this subject,
the national defense is indivisible; and being in-
divisible, an express power was given to provide
for it out of the public Treasury. The benefit
©f the post office can be divided, and is divided.
But the very foundation of the social compact is
that every man in society shall protect every
other man in society. He owes not only aH his
money, but his life blood, for this purpose. The
entire society is bound to sacrifice all its property
9od every drop of its blood to maintain the
Government, and provide for the public defense.
The Senator seeks to adduce that as an analogy
for putting his hands into the public Treasury,
and appropriating the joint property of the whole
for the use of a portion of the people. Because
the public defense is indivisible and cannot be
made equal, therefore he says equality is not to
be regarded in the Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator tell me
that you can equalize commerce throughout the
country ?
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a provision in the
Constitution that it shall be equal as far as it
concerns Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Have an equal share of i
■commerce in every portion of the country ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, no. It is no business of
Congress to equalize commerce; it is to protect '
equally commerce with foreign nations among
the several States and with the Indian tribes, ana
leave to enterprise, industry, and natural adapta-
tions, to fix its amounts. Justice to all, favors
to none, is as well the rule of the Constitution as
of justice. i
All pursuits are equal before the law, and that \
is all it ought to do—grant favors to none.
The Constitution of the United States says that
all duties shall be uniform throughout theUnited
States; the levy shall be equal. That is equality
before the law for the commerce of every portion
of the country. This leaves it to the people who
are better situated naturally for commerce to get
it. The Constitution does not take a dollar from
one man's pocket and put it into another's. The ,
Constitution says the duties shall be uniform, 1
and that no preference shall be given to the ports
of one State over those of another. These bills
violate that provision of the Constitution, and
they intend to do it. You know that if there are
two competing ports, and you improve one, leav-
ing the other alone, the effect is to give a prefer-
ence to one over the other. The framers of the
Constitution saw that some ports would have
superior advantage over others, and therefore
provided that you should not attempt to interfere
to give a preference by legislation. They did not
give you the power to remove natural obstruc-
tions. The object of the power " to regulate
commerce" in the Constitution, its whole scope
and bearing, had one great leading idea. That ■
idea was equality. When this great commercial i
power was given to the Congress 6f the United j
States, equality was at the bottom of it. Equality I
is declared to De a necessity of its exercise. I
But the Senator from Louisiana says: " Why
make it equal; you cannot make the Army and
Navy equal?" To be sure, you cannot do so in
one sense; but, as I showed on a former occasion,
the Army and Navy are for the preservation of i
the life blood of the country, and that must be !
preserved by all its treasure, by all its people, by !
their lives if necessary. I say that every proper I
expenditure for those purposes is to preserve the '
life of society, and the life of society embraces j
the political fives of all who compose it. If your
levy is equal, whatever expenditure you make for
the Army and Navy is perfectly equal and per-
fectly just. A man may raise products in the
southwestern wilds—in the prairies of the West.
When his produce gets on the ocean, what is the :
security of it? The same 'Security that there
is for the commerce of every other man in the
United States. If you do not Have your flag
respected; if you cannot keep off pirates; if you
cannot keep off public enemies, the industry of
every human being in the land is dried up and
perishes. For this reason, the public defense of ;
the country is equal in the true sense of equality;
but it is indivisible. You cannot tell how much
each man is to be protected, or how much more '
valuable his life may be than the life of any other i
man, for the lives of all are bound up in the na-
tional life. The defense of one is the defense of 1
all. This is the foundation of society. The l!
Constitution declared that the same principle of
equality should apply to the exercise of the com-
mercial power.
The Senator from Louisiana speaks of the
inconsistency of my arguments. He says at one
moment that I do not regard precedents, and the
next moment that I insist on going back to the
Constitution for my power. He urges m« to quit
creation and come to the deluge; I must quit the
Constitution and come down to the period of this
Black Republican coalition with soft Democrats.
I have gone back and shown you what Jefferson
said; I have shown you what Madison said; I have
shown you the history of the Government for the
first thirty years of its existence. The Senator
from Louis.ina cares nothing about all this; these
precedents do not suit him; they are old fogies.
Oh, but (says he) thf>re is a precedent; and what
is it? It is an appropriation for light-houses and
buoys and piers. And he says the question has
been frequently asked, and never satisfactorily
answered, what is the difference between appro-
priations for such objects and for these ? Why,
sir, I never expect to answer such a question sat-
isfactorily to any man bent on applying the pub-
lic Treasury for the partial benefit of his own
constituents. It has been answered, I think,
satisfactorily—I know satisfactorily to thousands
of the best patriots in the land. I know that Mr.
Jefferson signed bills for light-houses and buoys
and piers, and said there was no constitutional
power to clear out rivers and harbors. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana says that Mr. Jefferson did
not understand himself; and that, when he ac-
knowledged the power to set up light-houses and
buoys and piers, he gave up the whole question.
Mr. Jefferson says he did not. The Senator from
Louisiana says he did. I put the Senator on one
side of the scale, and Mr. Jefferson on the other;
i and then, to make weight for the ignorance of
Mr. Jefferson, I will put Mr. Madison into the
scale on my side, who, I think,ought to be equal
j to the Senator from Louisiana.
I Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not speak of Jeffer-
1 son and Madison: that is the statement of the
, Senator from Georgia. I spoke of gentlemen on
this floor. I said I had never heard the question
answered on this floor, and never expected to
hear it answered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say these men gave the an-
swer, and I have stated it before. Mr. Jefferson
claimed the power to sign these bills, which you
now say are precedents; and when called upon
solemnly in the protest which he drew up for
Virginia, he said there was no constitutional
power by this Government to improve rivers and
narbors.
Mr. CASS. ^VVhere did he say it ?
Mr. TOOMBS. In the protest sent to Mr.
Madison, intended to be adopted by the Virginia
Legislature.
Mr. CASS. What protest?
Mr. TOOMBS. The protest against this sys-
tem when it was commenced.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. Jefferson alluded to slack-
water navigation—a branch of the old canal sys-
tem, and is yet in some States.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. Madison—whose author-
ity was read this morning, and who has been
considered reliable except by new lights, by new
expounders of Democratic Republicanism, by
neophytes in this coalition to which I have before
alluded—the father of the Constitution, signed
bills for buoys and for light-houses and for piers;
but he declared solemnly in his veto message,
acting under the responsibility of his official posi-
tion, and his oath of office, that the improvement
of rivers and harbors was beyond your constitu-
tional power. I give him to the Senator from
Louisiana, who asks us for authority. Mr.
Monroe, with the limitations of which the Sena-
tor from Virginia has spoken this morning, in a
most elaborate argument, gave his authority
against any such power. General Jackson gave
his testimony that it did not exist, though I admit
his practice was not always in conformity with
his principle.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say that General
Jackson never gave any such opinion.
Mr. TOOMBS. His authority has been read
this morning.
Mr. CASS. I say he never gave such an opin-
ion in relation to river and1 harbor improvements.
On the last night of his administration he signed
appropriation bills for rivers and harbors to the
amount of $4,400,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. In his Maysville veto he
averred the principles of Mr. Monroe; and Mr.
Monroe, in his message, quoted Mr. Madison's
authority l« tolidem verbis; and therefore we may
