1044
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«
[July 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Benjamin, Mr. Toombs. Senate.
usual rules of construing language not allow-
able.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say to the Senator
no .7, with his permission, in reference to his ap-
peal to the fathers, and his statement that I can-
not show any appropriation of this kind in the
early history of the Government, that 1 believe
there are a dozen signed by every President from
the beginning of the Government to this time for
the improvement of harbors. Here is one signed
by Mr. Jefferson:
" For erecting public piers in the river Delaware,
$5,800."
Mr. TOOMBS. That is'for piers. -
Mr. BENJAMIN. What are piers for? What
is the difference between building piers and re-
moving a natural obstruction in a harbor?
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. Jefferson, who signed the
one, denied the other; Mr. Madison, who signed
the one, denied the other; and though they may
not convince the gentleman, they have shown by
conclusive reasoning what the difference is. If
they cannot convince him, it is in vain for me to
attempt it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman be so
good as to refer me to any place where I can find
the reason ? I asked him before for the reason.
He has neither given me one, nor pointed to one
given by anybody else. I said I never heard one;
and when I asked for the reason he simply told
me that Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison signed
one class of bills and would not sign the other.
I asked him for a reason; he repeated the fact. I
asked him for a reason from himself, but he has
given me none. Now, again he tells me, if I do
not yield to the reasoning of Madison and Jef-
ferson, 1 would not be convinced by one who rose
from the dead. I never saw the reason of Madi-
son and Jefferson to show this difference.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have twice, in the discus-
sion of this question, stated it. It may not be
good to the Senator's mind, but I take the dis-
tinction between these cases to be clear. One
might be done, if necessary, for the purpose of
lighting and protecting our own public ships. For
instance, as I stated in my general argument on
this subject, if we had a navy-yard at a particu-
lar point, and it was necessary to take our ships
there, I would build one even where there was
not an indentation of the shore. This may have
been the reason for the appropriations for piers,
and buoys, and light-houses, to which I am re-
ferred. It may have been thought necessary, for
the purpose of enabling otv vessels to get to
Philadelphia, where we have a navy-yard, under
the power to raise and maintain a navy, that the
bill to -vfhich the Senator referred, to erect lights,
* buoys, and piers, in the Delaware, was passed.
That would be a sufficient reason for the differ-
ence to me, whether the Senator considers it a
reason or not. The one would be for a constitu-
tional, national purpose, for the "common de-
fense;" the other for the particular advantage of
persons residing in the favored locality. This
reason controls the whole of my public action on
this class of cases.
Mr. CASS. President Pierce, in his veto mes-
" sage, expressly says that light-houses are required
in this country in many positions, without refer-
ence to the Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am aware of that, because,
within the last few weeks, I have seen light-
houses at every turn of the North river between
New York and Albany. Enterprising people,
who look for appropriations, who get on com-
mittees to reach the public Treasury, get appro-
priations very readily for their own localities.
Mr. CASS. Does the Senator know that they
are in any place where they are not wanted?
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose everywhere you
can find somebody who says they are wanted.
I say these appropriations are unequal; but that,
it seems, does not make any difference. Ac-
cording to the reasonings of the Senator from
Louisiana, some things are unequal, and there-
fore all may be. The necessity of equality does
Wt enter into the consideration of this internal
improvement combination. Because some things
are unequal, therefore, they say, it is not ne-
cessary to regard .equality at all. The French
Government, the British Government, and nearly
all the maritime Governments of Europe, charge
for light dues, or authorize those who keep them
up to charge such dues. In the British Channel,
wherever there is danger of any sort which a
light may avoid, they put a light, and charge
those who get the benefit. Here you do not
charge for your light-house system. Their pay-
ing system is just; and its operation answers the
question of the Senator from Louisiana as to how
these improvements can be made under the policy
suggested by the Senator from Illinois? I know
that the Mississippi is a large inland sheet of
water; but the Atlantic ocean is equally as wide,
and quite as large. * All along the coast of Ire-
land and Scotland, wherever there is a headland or
point of danger, England puts a light-house, and
charges the ships navigating those seas light-dues,
and the cdmmerce that uses it pays for it. She
charges the cost on the American ships and on
other ships that get the benefit.
We have proceeded on a different principle;
we have gone on the system of having free lights;
and since I have been in Congress, the light-
house appropriations have risen from a few hun-
dred thousand dollars to above a million and a
half of dollars a year. Why? Because the
money is paid from the Treasury; but if the com-
merce that got the benefit of the lights paid for
them, and tne- funds were managed by a board
like the Trinity-house board in England, you
would not have light-houses at unnecessary
places. When, however, you pay for them out
of the public Treasury, there seems to be very
little difficulty in having light-houses all along the
North river, at any point where a steamboat
owner asks for them, or it may serve some pri-
vate interest. It is impossible that Congress can
tell where they ought to be. Hence the abuse.
They have no check. Light-houses-ought to be
paid for by the commerce which is benefited by
them; that is the proper system.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] was elo-
quent yesterday in describing the burdens of his
people. His hardship was, that goods came to
New York and paid duty—so they do everywhere
else, if they are dutiable—and then, going up the
North river, they must, under the system sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, pay tonnage
duties for the harbor at Albany, and again for
Buffalo hafbor, and again for Cleveland harbor,
and so on until they get to Cincinnati. Most
assuredly, and according to his own theory, the
effect of that is to lessen the cost of transporta-
tion; for if that be not your principle, you are
throwing away the public money. Why do you
ask me to appropriate money to clear out Buffalo
harbor? It is to lessen the cost of transporta-
tion by reducing its burdens. If that is not the
ground, with what propriety can you ask for an
appropriation of public money lor these pur-
poses ? That is a sufficient answer; but I go fur-
ther and say, this additional expense is part of
the price of the article transported. AH over the
United States our people pay for the cost of trans-
portation of their goods on canals and railroads,
and it goes into the price. Why should there be
an exception in the case of transportation on the
lakes, or in the harbors on the way to Cincin-
nati? All the expenses of transporting an article
to the place of consumption make a portion of its
price. They are just as much a portion of the
price as is the pay of the operative who produces
the article in the manufactory. The man who
does the labor charges for it. The man who builds
a ship to carry the article from place to place,
charges for doing it. All this is paid for as part
of the price of the commodity by the man who
consumes it. Somebody must pay it, and he is
the proper man to do it. I say that, when you
consume goods carried from New York to Cin-
cinnati, you ought to pay for their transportation,
and you have no right to put that expense on
other honest people of Ohio who do not consume
them. Somebody must pay this cost, and the
man who is benefited—the consumer—is the
proper man. Every cent of the cost of getting the
article from the place where it is raised or manu-
factured to the consumer, must be paid by him as
a part of the price. You might as well attempt
to saddle on the Treasury the pay of the laborer
who does the work originally, as the cost of clear-
ing out aharbor for the benefit of the vessel which
carries the article. There ia not a particle of
difference between the two. You seek to get a
commodity cheaper at the public expense, and
not at your own. This is the history of ev--ry one
of these improvements in the United States
The Senator from Louisiana admits that this
system is unequal and bad; but he says that can-
not be helped. I say it can be helped, and the
United States havehelped itin one instance. The
United States built the Louisville and Portland
canal; they charged toll on everybody who
brought goods up through that canal. Every
steamboat that passes through the canal pays toll.
There the Government went into partnership
with a company. These tolls, of necessity form a
portion of the price of the commodities carried
through that canal. The price may be enhanced
to the extent of those tolls. It is one of the ele-
ments of price—of natural price. There may be
a thousand other elements that affect the market
value.
Then I say all this clamor about commerce is
nothing; because commerce is enterprising, is
nothing; but it is because those engaged in it are
able to take money out of the pockets of honest
labor, and put it into their own, that they say,
"Let us pay that from the common fund, which
ought to come out of our own, and we very well
know that whoever may lose, we certainly gain."
What more complaint can the Senator from
Ohio have for paying toll for the improvement of
a harbor than for paying toll for passing through
the Erie canal? Wnere is the greater injustice
in the one than in the other ? Either is equally a
tax, according to his idea of taxation. He pays
no more tax than any other man. When the
goods are landed on the wharf from a foreign
country, the duty is paid at the custom-house, and
if a man consumes them on the spot there is no
more additional price. If they are carried further,
and an additional value given by transportation,
the price is raised. When they get to Cincinnati,
the price is greater than in New York. If you
were to put them on a steamboat there and carry
them to Kansas, the price would be still further
increased; and so it would if you were to put
them in a wagon and carry them to California.
Why should not the Government as well make
improvements to carry commerce over the deserta
between the Mississippi and California ? Sir, all
this results from an effort to shift these burdens
off particular individuals, to whom they rightfully
belong, on society. It is unnecessary and unequal,
and no Government should tolerate an inequality,
unless it be necessary for society itself No man
pretends this to be necessary. I tell the Senator*
from Ohio that this tax, as he calls it, from New
York harbor to Cincinnati, is an addition to the
price of the Article transported; and honesty and
justice require, if he consume it, that he should
pay for it, and that other people should not pay
for it. We are told further, by the Senator from.
Louisiana, that a single harbor may raise duties
for its improvement; but that cannot be done on
the river Mississippi, for it is an exceptional
case. In regard to this point there is another
difference between him and me.
He says the Mississippi river is subject to
common enjoyment. Certainly it is. And when-
ever the Government puts no more restrictions
on one man than on another, that is equality;
perfect, absolute^ equality. In reply to the Sen-
ator, I say that no matter what may be the provis-
ions of the treaty acquiring Louisiana, it cannot
add to or take one jot or tittle from the constitu-
tional powers of this Government. You may
reason on the necessity of the case as much as
you please, but thatisarrargument which cannot
stand for a moment; because neither the Louisi-
ana treaty, nor the compact bringing Louisiana
into this Union,can add to ordiminish your power
over commerce. The Constitution of the United
States says that the States may levy tonnage
duties in all cases by the consent of Congress.
That power is older than the Louisiana pur-
chase. It was not altered by that purchase. It
was not capable of altering it. Neither the
French Government nor our President and Sen-
ate, nor any power on earth short of three fourths
of the States of this Union, can alter it. The
power was as perfect in regard to the Mississippi
river as any other. It would seem, however,
from the Senator's argument, that we had almost
