1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
34th Cong....1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Toombs, Mr. Benjamin, etc.
Senate.
got a different Constitution in the Mississippi
river from what we have in the State of Georgia
or Maryland.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely meant to suggest
this. I do not know what are the Senator's
views on that subject, but I think it has been uni-
versally conceded that the acquisition of Lou-
isiana was outside the Constitution of the United
States—was not the exercise of a constitutional
power.
Mr. TOOMBS. That may be very true, but
one of the plainest legal principles ever uttered
in the Senate Chamber or in a court-house fol-
lows. Admit it to be unconstitutional; yet,
-when it came into the Union, it comes under the
Constitution, and can have no otherlaw. Every
stipulation in the act admitting it against that in-
strument is void.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And the acquisition void
too?
Mr. TOOMBS. The acquisition may have
been, but it makes no difference, for I say that
an unconstitutional acquisition cannot change the
Constitution of my country, and I thank God for
it. If this Government could make a compact
with a State, and thereby form a new Constitu-
tion, we should have it changed every month.
These valley States, which, in my judgment, are
sacrificing justice and all sound principles of
public expenditure, in order to get local appropri-
ations, can very easily make & new Constitution
for us, if a compact between the United States
and a State can do it. I say there is no mode to
alter the Constitution except that which itself
provides. If Louisiana was acquired outside of
the Constitution when she was admitted into the
Union, she was admitted under the Constitution.
We have the same constitutional power over her
that we have over every part of the United States.
The Senator's Mississippi river doctrine cannot
be maintained, except on the ground that the
acquisition of Louisiana and its consequences are
stronger than the Constitution of my country.
To these shifts are gentlemen driven who want
to maintain this system. Congress can assent
that every State which bounds the Mississippi
river shall levy tonnage duties, and may pro-
vide how they shall be expended, as is done in
some of these bills—so much south of the Ohio
river, and so much north of it. Congress can
grant consent on what terms it pleases, so that
the money is appropriated to the common benefit.
The projet of the Senator from Illinois is free
from all difficulty. The only objection I have
about it is, that be seems to let it remain a projet,
and to rely on the fact that a bill is necessary to
carry it out; and I am sorry that my friend from
Virginia has that idea. The Senator from Lou-
isiana has that idea too. I say we want no bill
for a general system of that kind. The Consti-
tution is bill enough, if it is enforced here. We
can give consent whenever a State or States apply
for the power. That is the way in which con-
sent has been given by Congress for the imposing
of tonnage duties by my State and others. If
Arkansas, Missouri, Kentucky,Tennessee, Lou-
isiana, and Mississippi,agree that they will levy
atonnageduty on these waters, to be appropriated
in any proportion agreed upon among themselves,
Congress can assent to the levying of that duty
just as readily as it can to any harbor improve-
ment in the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the Constitution
forbid them from making an agreement ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not such agreements or legis-
lation, with the consent of Congress, as will be
necessary for this «bject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Constitution express-
ly prohibits making an agreement among the
States.
Mr. GEYER. I wish to put one interrogatory
to the Senator from Georgia. Suppose the State
of Missouri should ask the consent of the Con-
gress of the United States to levy tonnage duties,
what becomes of the compact by which the in-
habitants of Maine, and Tennessee, and every
State of the Union, have the right to the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river, free from any tax,
toll, or duty whatever? There is a compact be-
tween the United States and these States, which
declares that the Mississippi river and all its
navigable tributaries shall m free to all the
inhabitants of the United States, without any toll,
tax, or duty whatever.
Mr. TOOMBS. The compact is a limitation
on the power of the States. I have looked into
that subject, and I suppose the Senator from
Missouri knows as well as I do that it was
claimed by some of the States at an early period,
that, according to the doctrine of eminent domain,
the waters fell under their jurisdiction. The
Senator will not stand up before me, and say
that, if a hundred such compacts were made,
they could stand against the Constitution, if
they are unconstitutional. Does the Senator say
they could ? Shall I again repeat the argument
that the Constitution is the supreme law over all
other laws and compacts whatever? The navi-
gable waters would nave been for certain pur-
poses under the jurisdiction of Congress, as well
without as with these compacts.
Mr. GEYER. I say this: that if the compact
on the admission of the States is worth anything
at all, it guaranties to all the inhabitants of the
United States the free navigation of that river,
and it is not competent for Congress or any State
to impose any tax or duty on that navigation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am a little astonished at the
adroitness of my friend on this subject. He
says, " if the compact is worth anything." I
ask him whether, if this compact conflicts with
any provision of the Constitution, the Constitu-
tion or the compact stands?
Mr. GEYER. I understand that it does not
conflict with the Constitution at all, but I do not
wish to engage in this discussion.
Mr. TOO ttBS. I have not sought it.
Mr. GEYER. The proposition uiat,by grant-
ing to the State of Missouri the power to levy ton-
nage duties, you could authorize her to levy a duty,
on the navigation from other portions of this
Union, struck me as a singular proposition in the
face of the compact. Another proposition of the
Senator from Georgia also struck me as singular,
namely, that Congress can direct the application
of the proceeds of that duty when they give their
assent to its levy. Congress may give consent to
levy the duty, but cannot control the application
of the proceeds when levied.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator leaves the ques-
tion just where 1 put it to him. He says he does
not conceive that the compact violates the Con-
stitution, but I am still unanswered. After three
efforts I attempted to bring the Senator to answer
a very plain proposition—whether a compact ad-
mitting a new State in o the Union, or the Con-
stitution of the United States, is the supreme law
of the land I The Senator has risen three times,
but'the question remains unanswered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Missouri
answered, but I think 1 can answer the question
of the Senator from Georgia with perfect ease,
and vei-y plainly. If the compact were contrary
to the Constitution the Constitution would pre-
vail. If the compact be not in violation of the
Constitution the compact stands. The compact
is not in violation of the Constitution, and there-
fore stands.
Mr. TOOMBS. The first part of the Senator's
statement was my affirmation; but the latter part,
like every other argument which he has made in
this case, is the petitio principii. He begs the
question. He assumes the second proposition,
that the compact is not in violation of the Con-
stitution, and then, of course, his conclusion is
logically irresistible; but it is wholly fallacious.
If the compact is against the Constitution, it is
void. This is admitted; it is pleaded in bar to
the exercise of a plain grant to levy tonnage
duties; if it does notdo it, the plea is bad in fact;
if it does, it is bad in law, for it conflicts with the
Constitution. ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the compact conflicts
with the Constitution, undoubtedly itis void; but
will the gentleman be-so good as to show in what
way the Constitution is violated by a compact
between new States, admitted into the Union, and
the Federal Government, that they will never
apply to Congress for the power to levy tonnage
duties? That is the bargain. One of t,he terms
of their compact with the Union is that they will
never levy tonnage duties; therefore it would be
a violation of the compact for them to apply to
Congress for the power. The Constitution gives
Congress the right to authorize the States to levy
tonnage duties. These States agreed, when they
came into the Union, that they would never ap-
ply for that power. What was there unconsti-
tutional in that?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Louisiana
and myself can never agree on this question, for
we start on different principles in our construction
of the Constitution. It is a most amazing doc-
trine to me that there can be a compact between
the General Government and a State on its ad-
mission into the Union, depriving that State of
its equal sovereign rights in this Union. If it has
this right, it cannot waive it by a bargain as the
price of admission. If it is a violation of the
Constitution, the compact is void. If these States
have a right, under the Constitution, to ask Con-
gress to give them the power to levy tonnage
duties, and there is anything in the compact with
the United States violative of that right, that
clause of the compact must necessarily be void.
One other difference between the Senator from
Louisiana and myself is, that I see no power
under the Constitution to make any such com-
pact with a new State. Where is the right to
i make such a compact ? The Constitution says
! that Congress may admit new States. The uni-
I form, constant practice has been to make certain
! stipulations with the States on admission, which
| I say, when properly read, are not in conflict with
the Constitution; but I say also that Congress
cannot admit them into the Union on unequal
j terms with the other States. The effort to so
: provide was tried in the convention which formed
the Constitution, and failed. The States them-
selves cannot consent to come into the Union less
than full grown, with all the political powers
belonging to any coequal member of the Con-
federacy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Georgia
is displacing my argument entirely. I do not
pretend that any State can come into the Union
unequal with the rest under the Constitution.
That is not the question in controversy. When
all the States bordering on the Mississippi and
its tributaries came into the Union, there were
certain terms and agreements between them and
Congress. One was, that they should notlevy du-
ties or tolls on the free passage of the river; another
was, that they should not tax the public lands.
In consideration of these abandonments, Congress
gave them five Bundi-ed thousand acres of land
a piece for the purpose of internal improvements,
and gave them th« sixteenth section in each town-
ship for the support of schools. They bought
the value of one right for a price—not a condition
of admission into the Union, but agreed that, if
i they would never apply for a right to tax com-
! merce on their rivers by tonnage duties, and if
they would never tax the public lands in the pos-
| session of the Government, or in the possession
j of the vendees of the Government, for five years
j after their sale, and some other stipulations of a
similar character, then Congress would give them
; five hundred thousand acres of land a piece for
j internal improvements, a certain percentage of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and the
sixteenth seetion in every township for schools.
Now, I say the States had a right to make that
bargain, if they considered it judicious. That
cannot at all affect their equality as States in the
Union. And the Senator might just as well go
on with all the clauses in the compact, on the
admission of those States, and say that the grant
of the five hundred thousand ""acres of land, for
which they bound themselves not to tax the
public lands, impaired their equality, as to con-
tend that it impaired their equality to say, that if
a certain advantage was given to them now they
would give up another advahtage for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The difference is clear. If any
of these bargains take away from the people of a
State, now or in the future, any political right
which can be enjoyed by the other States, such
condition is void. It is not worth while to argue
that question. I shall not take the time to draw
the Senator's distinction; but I consider the ques- ,
tion settled, when he admits the principle, that
no act of this Government, or of a State, can
impair any of the rights of the State. As the
act of admission cannot give, I say it cannot take
away from the States any of the rights epneedei
