1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IQ4V
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements,—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
have indorsed every application which las been
presented. They have made too many bills for
their own principles, aad too few to satisfy the
demands of justice and equality. I say that the
charge against the committee is sound in both
these respects.
"The Senator from Louisiana seems now to be
proceeding on the idea with which General Jack-
son started, bat abandoned. The bill before us
purparts to be for the improvement of Newark
harbor. It is really for the improvement of the
Passaic river. He tells us that Newark is a port
of entry, aad has a great deal of commerce with
foreign countries. Well, I do not know a river
landing in (Georgia, or Alabama, or Mississippi,
that has not commerce with foreign countries,
either by wagons, or by boats, or oy ships, ac-
cording to the character of transportation which
they can obtain. He says that Newark sends
goods abroad. So does every plantation in the
South, and therefore its improvement is national,
according to the idea of the Senator from Louis-
iana. Then every gin-house in the South is
national, because of all the bales of cotton made
in the United States, two millions eight hundred
thousand out of three millions five hundred thou-
sand go abroad. Every gin-house prepares cot-
ton to go abroad. Every bale of cotton except one
in seven is carried to foreign countries. The
market town nearest to my residence, Augusta,
commonly reoeiveaandsh ips two hundred and fifty
thousand bales of cotton, worth $10,000,000; ana
if it receives the same amount of foreign products
tn return, there is a commerce of $20,600,000;
but that is not a poet of entry.
1 have drawn up, and it is now in my drawer,
* resolution -to make Atlanta, in the State of
Georgia, a port of entry. To be sure, it is three
hundred miles from the ocean, and not very near
any considerable stream of running water; but
why should it not be a part of entry ? You bring
goods into New Orleans, and then carry them up
the Mississippi, and you have ports of entry all
the way up to Dubuque and Cincinnati. Why
night, you not as well have a 'jxnrt of entry at
Atlanta, which sells and distributes a large amount
of foreign goods among the neighboring people,
as well as at Charleston and Savannah and Louis-
ville,or Pittsburg? Ua less die fact that the com-
merce in one case is carried on the water, and on
the other on iron rails, makes a difference,, there
is none. I say there is no foundation in the Con-
stitution for the idea that the commerce which
floats on the water is that exclusively subject to
regulation by Congress, and I will give an illus-
tration. The same clause of the Constitution
which gives Congress the power to regulate com-
merce among the several States, gives it the
power to regulate it with the Indian tribes. You
do not build railroads, you do not improve rivers
and harbors in the Indian country; but you say
who shaU sell goods to the Indians; you say that
nobody shall go there without a license; you say
that certain articles shall not be sold to the In-
dians at all. This is what the Constitution means
by the regulation of commerce, whether people
carried the merchandise on roads or rivers, or on
the backs of mules, horses, Indians, negroes, or
white men. Congress still regulates the com-
merce, and has thus exereised the power from the
beginning of the Government; but as the Indians
have no- representatives here—aa there is no
temptation of loeal interest to distort this plain
principle «f the Constitution, we have never heard
that this clause of the Constitution to regulate
ewmaaerce among Indians meant to cheapen the
transportation of commodities; yet the words are
the same, but the meaning is difficult to subserve
private and local interests. „
You might as well hove a custom-house in
Atlanta, Georgia,as in the city of New York,
and certainly just as welt as in St. Louis. I pre-
sume no ship from abroad ever came up to St.
Louis. The goods are imported into New Or-
leans, where they are transferred to steamboats,
and carried up to St. Louis, where the duties are
paid. There is no more inconsistency in making
Atlanta a port of entry, and regulating commerce
up to that point, than in making the city of St.
Louis a port of entry. The principle of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana is * movable principle. The
moment you make a port of entry, he says you
have the constitutional power to clear out a river
or harbor at that point. The Senator from Mich-
igan relies on an enlargement of the Constitution
by an unconstitutional decision of the Supreme
Court, because everybody knows that, according
to the common law, the Supreme Court has no
maritime jurisdiction over internal rivers; but, in
consequence of the circumstances of the country,
they took it. It is an acknowledged judicial
usurpation that is pleaded upon me, in order to
get constitutional power. The extent of maritime
jurisdiction given to the courts of the United
States by the judiciary act of 1789 was as well
defined at common law as in any other principle;
but this did not suit gentlemen in the West; they
made a great ado about fresh water and salt water,
and the Supreme Court rode over the distinction,
and made an addition to the Constitution to suit
he varying temper of the times.
Sir, 1 may be going back to the creation, instead
of the deluge, and therefore liable to the censure
of the Senator from Louisiana; but the school in
which 1 was brought up held that it was import-
ant to every people wno would maintain their
liberties to recur frequently to fundamental prin-
ciples. It is the only basis for the action' of Gov-
ernment, or the action of individuals, wherever
there is doubt, to go back to a sound fundamental
principle, and start from that. Start right, and
the road is safe and easy. I know these princi-
ples are old, and the Constitution is old. I have
said nothing not confirmed by the Constitution.
The Senator, when he took his seat in this body,
swore .to stand by and support it, so that he can-
not objecton the ground^h&t it is old. I endeavor
to pursue it. I am sworn to tnalte.it the >ule of
my action; and therefore I endeavor to under-
stand wh&t- it says, with all Cur means for its
just interpretation. So far from this being a
matter of reproach, as the Senator from Louis-
iana would seem to make it, I claim that it is a
boast honorable to me as a public man. It is
what my oath requires of me, and requires of us
all. I am glad to go back to the Constitution. I
will not skip down to the flood, but I will go
back to the creation of the world, ab urbe cond.Ua.
The Constitution, the beginning of our political
world, is my rule. I am not surprised that the
Senator from Louisiana should seem to scout the
remoteness of the reference for any rule of con-
duct here that would go as far back as the Con-
stitution of the United States. I do not know
exactly how he applied the joke 9 I did not feel
the point of it well enough to recollect its exact
.application; but I believe it was, that a barrister,
who was going back to first principles, was told
by the judge to dkip the creation of the world,
and come Sown to the flood. Now, sir, I want
to go back to the foundation of the world; for of
our political world, the Constitution is the foun-
dation. That is my chart.
The Senator asks whether 1 would levy duties
on the commerce of the lakes for light-houses and
ports ? I answer, yes. In regard to the Sound
dues, about which so much noise has been made,
nobody objects to paying Denmark what is neces-
sary for lights ana affording refuge. The princi-
ple is recognized throughout the world. As I
said before, in every country with whose history
I am acquainted, except this, those who use lights
pay for them. Commerce has fastened that ex-
action upon our Treasury. The commerce of
England, or of France, or of Holland, or of amy
other nation with which I am acquainted, has not
been able to fasten this burden on agriculture.
This is the only country that I know of, where
it has been done. If I were a ship-owner, 1
should believe it to be my duty, as an honest man,
to j y for lights put up by a Government, or a
private individual, to enable me to navigate the
trackless lakes and the boundless ocean. 1 should
esteem it my duty, which 1 would no more seek
to avoid than I would to throw the payment of
my honest debts on society. I pay my own. So
far from taking,money out of one man's pocket
and putting it another's, I think the rule of con-
duct with the Government, as with individuals,
ought to be to allow no man to pay your own
just debts. I believe that every honest ship-owner
ought to be willing to agree to this principle, and
I know many of them are honest. Some of the
largest ship-owners of the United States have
written to me within the last three days, telling
me that they have stood out years against this
system of placing the expenses of their business
on society. First, because society does it badly;
secondly, because it a just and honest charge on
their own business, which they are willing to pay
themselves.
The unworthy are those who want to live by
bounty and not by industry—the lazy drones
w,ho want to live out of the fruits of honest peo-
ple's labor, without laboring for themselves. The
generous, the noble, the honest men engaged in
commerce, oppose, as strongly as I do, this whole
system of appropriations for their benefit. I
could refer, within my own acquaintance, to
many enterprising men engaged in the commerce
of the United States, who nave honored me with
their advice and confidence on this subject; many
of them since it has been before the Senate at
this session, acknowledging their willingness to
pay the expenses of their own business. The
same principle should be applied to harbors of
refnge, where you need them. Let the commerce
benefited by the harbors pay for them; then you
will do justice to all.
The Senator from Louisiana says that where a
river is within the jurisdiction of one State he
will not vote for its improvement. If under the
power " to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, among the several States, and with the
Indian triljes," he has the same authority as the
States haVe within their own jurisdiction, why
does he not consult the experience of the States
of the Union? If the power is to facilitate com-
merce, why not facilitate it as the States have
done? Virginia has, I believe, improved the
Rappahannock,and she alio ws tolls to be received
from those wbo carry wheat and other products
on thft river. On the same principle the States
organize companies to build roads, and whoever
carries produce over the roads pays tolls. The
principle is a just one; it is the only way in whiek
such burdens can be made equal. Who will bold
that whatever can be honestly and fairly made
£qual, should not be made so ? The argument
of the Senator from Louisiana is, that because
some things are necessarily unequal, thereforeall N
things may be. He thinks it is not worth white
to struggle for equality.
Sir, there are two great principles at work in
this Government. They have been at work in
all Governments, and are developing rapidly here.
One is that claps of naejj yriiO d?tnand nothing of
Government nut piweeUon to life, liberty, and
property, and then to be let alone. There is
another class that would arrogate to themselves
all power to control everybody else. Some would
control other people's religion, others would have
all the property collected and enjoyed in common;
because then the lazy louts who contribute noth-
ing to the wealth of society would get as much as
the industrious. They would strike down the
great order of God, whose last remaining induce-
ment for labor — the greatest that operates on
the human mind—is, that by it man can lay up
something for future enjoyment. The Socialists,
the Fourierites, the men who form Tumverein
societies, I have not the leaat doubt, would like
to Beize it by vigilance committees. I saw an
intimation given in a Cincinnati paper, the other
day, of that kind. I saw an intimation in a news-
paper which has been pronounced in the Senate
to be the fountain of truth, that a vigilance com-
mittee was probably the only remedy for New
York. I have no doubt they will come to it; and
I tell you, if this system of seizing on honest
labor, putting its fruits into the public Treasury,
and then throwing it out to rogues and vagabonds,
like San Francisco and New York—I take their
own account of themselves in all their newspa-
pers—it will be time for vigilance committees to
save something. In New York, it is said that
money is levied on the people, and squandered
on favorites and dependents. Here you are levy-
ing money out of honest labor, ana squandering
it on favorite localities. You will find something
stronger than any vigilance committee to stop
this course—it will be the strong arm of an out-
raged people demanding vengeance of their op-
pressors. It will be no fault of mine, if they .do
not demand it speedily.
There is but one wcunty for human rights, and
