1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Geyer, Mr. Toombs, etc.
Senate.
the Constitution on that point, and I wish to call
my friend'« attention to it:
Vw shall veweb bound to or from one Stat* be com- !
prtlrO to niter, tlf«r, or jm> <1uih j in mother." I
Mr. GEYER. I am indebted to the Senator
from Ohio. It will immediately strike the mind
of erery gentleman, that the prohibition exists
in the Constitution; but I wiah to draw the atten-
tion of the Senate to another consideration.
Suppose, now, that all the States in the valley of
Mississippi, and all the States bordering upon
the lakes, should be called together for the pur-
pose of making arrangements about this naviga-
tion. They cannot do.it without the consent of
Congress. You must get them together. Now,
1 put it to the Senator from Georgia, whether
there is any probability that he will ever get all
the States la the valley of the Mississippi together
in a confederacy, for the purpose of regulating
navigation; and whether it has not occurred to
him that, if Congress should consent to the or-
ganisation of a confederacy in that valley for this
purpose, it may result in some disastrous conse*
quences to the Union?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think they ever would
do say such thing, for the reason that no sen-
sible set of Stales would ever agree to tax the :
public treasury of those States for the purpose
of doing this thing. It is only when they can
reach the common Treasury of the Union that
these efforts are made; and I have not the least ,
idea they would ever make an appropriation ;
among themselves, because 1 find they are now
trying to have it done here. The whole effort of
those States seems to be to shear themselves of
their constitutional power—to strip themselves
of their equality in the Union—so as to get rid
of paying the expenses of their own transporta-
tions.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I understand it
is not the proposition of the Senators from Georgia
or Illinois, that these rivers shall be improved by
a taxation of the inhabitants of the -various States;
but that tonnage duties shall be levied for the pur-
pose of raising the means.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true; but 1 do not
think they will ever do it, and that is good reason
why we should not. If the States interested will
not levy duties and pay taxes for their own ad-
vantage, with what propriety will you put the
burden on the other States ? I
Mr. GEYER. How can any two, or three, or
half a dozen States undertake to regulate the navi-
gation of the rivers of that valley ? How can it j
be done without a common agreement among j
them all? Can Illinois and Iowa stop the channel ]
of the Mississippi against the States of Louisiana,
Mississippi, Kentucky, and Missouri?
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say, that the very difficulty which he now
argues and touches so properly was the main
cause for the adoption of uie present Constitu-
tion.
Mr. GEYER. Undoubtedly; but 1 was say-
ing it is utterly impracticable to get such a con-
federacy. The confederation must be by the
consent of Congress. In order to enter into such
a compact there must be a species of confedera-
tion among those States to regulate the naviga-
tion of those inland seas; and, sir, can gentlemen
contemplate such a confederation without some
degree of alarm ?
Mr. TOOMBS. lean. I am willing to allow
them to do it whenever the different States find it
to their interest. I think society ought to be
governed exclusively by that tenure; and when-
ever those States choose to combine for this pur-
pose, and feel it to be their own interest to do so,
they will have my vote.
Mr. GEYER. That amounts to this: that the
honorable Senator is willing to break up the
Union whenever any number of States desire it.
But I am speaking of the Constitution as adapted
to the preservation of the Union, as the Consti-
tution of the United States, and not as containing
within itself the elements of its own destruction;
I am looking to the construction of the Constitu-
tion, to the powers of Congress and of the States
under it; and I say, as we are familiarly talking
every day here about the fathers, was it ever in
their contemplation that there should be a tempt-
_ « T —    A - * _   A - £ AUa A/
J this Union to form an independent Confederacy
| for any purpose ? Sir, whenever the hour arrives
that we are driven to it, this Unionis near its dis-
solution.
But, Mr. President, it was not my purpose to
enter into the general discussion; I merely wished
to draw the attention of the Senate and tne coun-
try, if the country will ever do me the honor to
read my remarks, to the consideration of the
question as applied to these rivers and inland
lakes. I regard the compact as designed to bring
them precisely within the law supposed tobeap-
Flicable to the navigable waters on tide-water,
suppose it was intended that that narrow prin-
ciple which had been applied in Europe should
not be applied on this continent, but that what
was equivalent to an inland sea should be used us
such by the whole people just as freely as they
use the ocean.
Now, I say to the honorable Senator from
Georgia, if he holds this compact as imposing no
obligation on the States or the United States, will
he tell me that we are now at liberty to tax the
lands of the United States, if we had the right
without the compact? Will he tell me now that we
are the owners of the land within our limits, and
that the United states have been selling lands, and
putting in the Treasury, money for lands that did
1 not belong to them, because the compacts between
them and the States were void, because the States
had no right to surrender by compact what be-
longed to them?
Mr. TOOMBS. I answer without the least
difficulty. I say that provision is obligatory. It
is uo incident oi sovereignty to own all the land
within your State.
Mr. PUGH. The right to taxation is an in-
cident, and an inseparable incident, of sover- j
*^Si\ TOOMBS. The power of taxation of a
sovereign can be ceded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the difference be- j
tween ceding the right to tax lands and the right-
to tax tonnage ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The' constitutional right to ;
:: levy duties on tonnage is given to them ana their
: I posterity forever.
Mr. GEYER. 1 cannot understand the dis-
tinctions which the Senator from Georgia makes,
that a State may surrender its right to lands. It
| may surrender its right to tax lands; it may put
itself under a perpetual obligation that it will
never tax the lands of a non-resident higher than
j j those of its own citizens; it may surrender all
j its powers over the domain within its limits,
|| and surrender the whole to the United States; but
i' it cannot surrender its contingent right of levying
i tonnage duties; and the United States may pledge
their faith, in half a dozen or in fifty compacts,
that these rivers shall always be free; but yet, the
United States are always at liberty to violate their ;
plighted faith thus solemnly pledged over and ;
; over again.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have two
very clear answers to all these efforts of gentle- ;
men to divest their States of power in order to
not the power, I am willing that the States shall
resume it. The Senator says that a want of in-
clination prevents them from doing so. I know
that is it. I represent a people—a State of one
million of inhabitants who have made ^heir own
improvements out of their own hard Earnings,
and who have not come here as meni'icants at
your Treasury, asking for the improvement of
their internal transportation to facilitate their
commerce. They will not take your money for
that purpose; and yet you will levy pence out of
poverty in order that goods may be brought
cheaper over the bar of the Mississippi river.
The fifteen States benefited in that improvement
tell us they will not do it, because they said in a
compact with the United States, that this naviga-
tion should be free to every one. To this I have
a simple answer: Let it stay unimproved. We
have not engaged by the compact to improve
these rivers. We found them there, and only
engaged that they should be navigated by every-
body. Then navigate them as God has given
them to you, and if you want anything else do
it yourselves. We have not bound ourselves to
remove a rock or pull out a snag. If -you are
anxious to divest yourselves of the power which
puts the burden on your shoulders, and to place
it on mine, it is unjust. This burden belongs to
you according to Jefferson, according to rnadi-
lson, and according to my reading of the Consti-
tution of my country.
We may start another long constitutional argu-
ment here, but I do not know that it is neces-
sary to go into the Constitution, especially as my
friend from Missouri [M . Geyer] thanked hio
ally from Ohio [Mr. Pcgh] for pointing Him out
a clause in the Constitution! It seems to be a
strange thing to gentlemen on the other side to
refer to the Constitution. It is a shame that they
should be obliged to go back to that antediluvian
age—the foundation of the world. When the
Constitution is quoted by the energy of young
America, the Senator from Missouri expresses
his thanks that a clause of the Constitution is
brought to his notice which he considers applica-
ble to the case. I think, then.l may be excused
from arguing the constitutional question with my
friend from Missouri, when he avows himself so
profoundly indifferent—I know from his great
legal learning it is not ignorance—to the Consti-
tution as to be under deep obligations to any •
gentleman who will '"in*1* to him a clause in aid
of his argument.
The second answer which I have to make is,
that that part of the compact which has been
Bpoken of, relinquishing, by the States, the right
to tax the public lands for certain considerations,
is perfectly within their competency. We said
to them, if you will not tax our lands in our pos-
session, ana for five years after we sell them, we
will give you five hundred thousand acres, and
certain sections for school purposes. One was a
consideration for the other. This was a proper
exercise, not an abandonment, of sovereignty.
How does that touch the question of the power
of a sovereign, coequal State in this Confederacy,
dUraci* Woolf nf nnverAio-n rights? Anv State
get at the public Treasury. The compact alluded ;j to divest itself of its sovereign rights? Any State
r ■ , f .-.I.  l _   ii_ i i mnv fVtrhonr  H« pifprrisf or the Dower of taxa-
to, if made with anybody, was made between
those States and the Federal Government. If they
could make it, they can unmake it. Why cannot
they rescind the compact? Why cannot they '
undo it, if they wish? That is my first answer. ,
I say to them, if you have bound yourselves by :
this compact to improve your rivers, as we have j
not the power to do it, we will give you back the
compact. What prevents this being done? I
should like to hear.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Want of inclination.
Mr. TOOMBS. Exactly. No doubt of it. I
■ay, give the States the power; and the Senator
says ne does not want it. Why does he not want :
it? Because he wishes to make my constituents |
pay for work which his own ought to do for j
themselves.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not want it, because
the stipulation is for our benefit. No man wants '
to break a bargain which is to his own advantage.
Mr. TOOMBS. That does not answer me.
We did not make a bargain that we would im-
prove these rivers; but the bargain, according to
the full extent of the Senator's claim, is that they
auon to coercion on a portion of the States of , divested themselves of the power. As we have
may forbear the exercise of the power of taxa-
tion, for a limited time, by agreement, but she
cannot annihilate her equality in this Union. She
cannot throw herself out of the pale of any con-
stitutional power which the common pact gives
her. The Supreme Court has distinctly intimated
that these compacts, if in any respect they con-
flict with the Constitution, are void, and I pre-
sume that no judge, and no lawyer, would deny it.
Mr. PUGH. There is no conflict between the
compact and the Constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. If there is no conflict, there is
no question. I do not differ with the Senator
from Ohio as to the conflict, but we do differ as
to the meaning of the compact. _ We do not agree
on our principle of interpreting it j and, therefore,
we mignt argue it forever* without getting any
closer together. _ .
But, sir, the Senator from Louisiana says, that
since the commencement of the Government,
money has been appropriated for light-houses,
buoys, and piers, and Jefferson signed such acts,
and, therefore, it is constitutional to improve
rivers and harbors! I show him that Jefferson
signed the one, and resisted bills like these which
