1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1061
84th Cong.... 1st Sess. Riper and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Pugh, Mr. Hunter, etc.
Senate.
report, and I admitted that it was probably so,
but it had escaped my recollection. The com-
plaint which I made was, not that she had got
nothing, but that the system was unequal. I said
so then, and put this question to the Senator from
Ohio: If his State haa received several hundred
thousand, and mine only one, was there auy in-
equality in that ? I have not yet seen the report
ot the debate.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is stating what he
said this morning.
Mr. HUNTER. He will find that I said it
Mr. PUGH. _ The Senator slept op his speech,
and has a new issue this morning. What does
the Senator mean by equality? Will any man
tell me what is meant by equality ? Is the sum
to be appropriated according to the Federal popu-
lation of the different States? The wants of all
the States are not the same. The money is to be
apportioned according-to their demands, looking
to their navigable waters. Wh£t is the length of
the Appomattox below the city of Petersburg, or
James river below the city of Richmond ? I do
not know how much money was appropriated
for them, but they have not been able to spend
it. It has been so munificent that they have not
been able to expend it all; and if you will look
at the Secretary s report, you will see that he has
not been able to spend it. They have had more
than they can use.
Mr. HUNTER. That is ,a question of fact.
They may not have used it, but tney did not have
enough to remove the bar.
Mr. PUGH. I can refer to the report of the
appropriations unexpended.
Mr. HUNTER. But the appropriation proved
not enough to remove the bars. They are not
cleaned out. How much is left? One hundred
dollars, perhaps.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know how much. I-
do not say that the appropriation was enough to
complete the work, but it has been more than
they could spend from 1852 to this time, and if
they want more, I am ready to vote it. These
are issues got up—I was going to say, to mis
lead, but I would not reflect upon the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. L stated to the Senate yester-
day that my complaint was as to equality. I
never said there could be an absolute equality;
but will he tell me that, if there is no appropria-
tion in this case to my State, and a large one to
his, I must not complain of inequality, because
we cannot reach absolute equality ? There are
degrees in everything.
Mr. PUGH. I say again, that when the Sen-
ator talks about equality, with all due respect,
he talks of that which can have no application in
the nature of things. Then he had a paper here—
I believe this is it before me—[Mr. Hunter.
Yes.]—to show that $522,520 were appropriated
in the State of Ohio. Why, sir, this paper in-
cludes five or six States, and includes four dredge-
boats, one on Lake Michigan, one on Lake On-
tario, and one on Lake Champlain, $20,000 each.
1 admit that, according to the statement read by
the Senator from Georgia yesterday, the nominal
amount of appropriations in the State of Ohio
have nearly reached the sum of $500,000; but I
will venture to say, though I have not had time
to examine it, that if you look into half of them
you will find that the sums appropriated include
other objects at these lake ports—perhaps the
establishment of marine hospitals. However, I
will not go into that.
The Senator from Georgia stated another thing
which, I hope, on reflection, he will be disposed
to recant. He has said that the supporters of
this bill were actuated by mercenary motives—
that they had personal objects 
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not speak of them per-
sonally, but I said they represented States having
an interest in these appropriations.
Mr. PUGH. What interest has the body of
my State in appropriations for the lake shore ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I find it a uniform rule that
gentlemen present bills and support them, when
they are for their States; and I find that the States
which have not got any bill of this sort pending,
are generally the States opposing the system.
Therefore,! have a right to say that the personal
interest of sections controls it. T believe it, and
I think I have evidence enough to satisfy me.
Mr. PUGH. Now, here is the case of New
Jersey, the one we are fighting about. The Sen-
' ator from New Jersey [Mr. Weight] certainly
* never asked me to vote for the bill. I do not
think he has exchanged a word with me on the |
subject; and there is no Senator in the Chamber ;
whose bill I have promised or indicated in any
way that I would support or express my opinion
upon beforehand; ana yet the Senator rises up
here and charges that the majority of the Senate
have been actuated by personal motives; that they
have endeavored to place themselves on commit-
tees for the purpose of getting through an illegit-
imate and corrupt system of legislation. I was
struck by a remark which the honorable Senator
from Michigan made to me while the Senator from
Georgia was on the floor, and I trust he will par-
don me for repeating it, that he had been fifty
years in the public service, and no man had re-
proached him, even remotely, with temptation
of any sort, and yet the honorable Senator from
Georgia holds us all up. |
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow I
me to add what I stated to him, that I did not
believe myself more honest than others; and this ]
wholesale charge of corruption in American legis-
lation, will travel on to Siberia, and stop at every
town between here and there as a reproach to the
American Government and an evidence of the
corruption of the American Congress. I believe
the corruption of a liiember of Congress is a very
rare case, and I think the observation most un- !
fortunate. It is unjust to us,, it is injurious to the
country, it is injurious to the great cause of repub-
lican institutions througbbut the world.
Mr. PUGH. I shall add nothing to what the
Senator has so properly said. I have only this
to remark—that we ought at least to preserve our
own self-respect—that if we are libeled abroad,
we ought not to throw these things at each other.
If the Senator from Georgia wishes to provoke
the great calamity of which he spoke, the estab-
lishment of a secret, armed organization in every
State of this" Union, to trample under foot the
Constitution and the laws, and the guarantees of
individual right, he could not give a more fatal
accession to that strife, than to denounce all the
constituted authorities of the country as being
governed by corrupt personal motives. I trust
the remark escaped the Senator in the heat of
debate, and I am sure I do not believe he was
aware of the pain which it ga,ve many of those
who have the greatest personal admiration for
him, and would be the last men in the world to
impeach him. I trust the Senator will take this
in kindness.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have taken
very little part in the discussion of these bills,
contenting myself, as regularly as they came up,
with recording myself against them; but, since
the discussion has taken the turn it has within
the last few minutes, I feel not only justified, but
to some extent called upon, to express my con-
currence, to a very great extent, in the views so
ably expressed by the honorable Senator from
Georgia.
I do believe (and what I believe I am not afraid
to say in the Senate or anywhere else) that these
appropriations have a corrupting tendency on the
politics of the country. I do not mean to say,
nor did I understand tne Senator from Georgia as
saying, that they corrupt individual Senators; but
upon what principle do all these appropriations
proceed ? If Michigan gets no more than she
pays into the Treasury, why does she seek these
appropriations at all? If she pays in $300,000,
and only gets $300,000 back, why does she ask
for it ? If no other State gets back any more
than she contributes to the national Treasury, if
there were no inequality in these appropriations,
I undertake to say they would not be sought for.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator from Missis-
sippi pretend that the appropriation made to the
State of Cfliio equals her taxation? Does he pre-
tend it?
Mr. BROWN. I pretend to say that, in all
the amounts which have been appropriated by
these several bills, not one solitary sixpence has
been appropriated for the great agricultural State
of Mississippi. Why? Because, with our notions
of our constitutional obligation, we could not ask
for it, and the committee say they cannot give it
to us. You tax us without our asking to be
taxed. You levy duties and get the money into
the _ Treasury "Vithout our consent, and even
against our protestations; but when you come to
paying it out, you take it all to yourselves, and"
say you cannot give us any because we do'not
ask for it. If our will is to be consulted in appro-
priating the money, I beg gentlemen to consider
our will when they come to raising the money.
If you cannot make appropriations for us until
we ask for them, do not lay tribute upon us until
ire ask it.
Mr. President, if it were possible to distribute
this money amongthe States, in the exact propor-
tion in which it is paid into the Treasury of the
nation, not a solitary one of these bills would pass;
there would cease to be an effort to pass them
through Congress. They are urged upon us be-
cause more is obtained than is contributed—be-
cause it is a tribute levied upon the labor and
wealth of one part of the country for the benefit
of other, and, I think, no more worthy parts of
the country. Now, sir, we hare harbors in our
State; _ we have rivers in our State. For certain
improvements upon the southern eoast of the
State which I have the honor to represent, items
were inserted in the general bill which was vetoed
by the President; and, when members of the
committee were searching out the various items
for the lake shores, it could not have escaped their
attention that there were items there for the ben-
efit of the shores of Mississippi—one item for th«
improvement of the mouth of the Pascagoul*
river—a river I dare say quite as important to the
commerce of the country as many of those little
points on the northern lakes; yet it was entirely
overlooked. Then there was the proposition to
purchase a pass lying between New Orleans and
Mobile, which, in my opinion, was more consti-
tutional than any^ther item in the bill; and why?
The Government pays annually $10,000 for tne
privilege of running its mail-boats through that
pass. It is a pass belonging to a private person
—his individual property; and the Government
has to use it; private commercial men have to use
it; all the shipping that passes between those
two important" southern commercial points goes
through that pass, or elseoutside the island, where
vessels of a smaller class, especially steamer*,
are exceedingly insecure. For the privilege of
going througn them, I repeat again, the Gov-
ernment pays $10,000 annually. As incidental to
the post ftffice power, I think the appropriation
might be made. The committee seem not to have
thought so. They have reported no item—no
bill for it; but have overlooked the matter entirely.
Why ? The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art] says, and other members of the committee
say, because the mem be re from Mississippi did
not ask for it, x Too much respect, I beg leave to
say, is given to our constitutional scruples when
you come to appropriate money, and too little
when you come to levy taxes.
Mr. STUART. I did not say it was because
they did not ask for it.
Mr. BROWN. That is the way I understood
you this morning.
Mr. STUART. I wish Senators would do
me the favor to understand me as I say. I said
distinctly that the committee had no power to
originate a bill. This subject not having been
referred to them, they could not report on it.
Mr. HUNTER. Here is the last report of
the Secretary of War, containing all the esti-
mates. Why were they not referred to the com-
mittee? That would have given them power.
11 Mr. BENJAMIN. Who refer them ?
11 Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say to the
' Senator from Ohio, and I will premise it by
|"| stating that I have nothing to modify, nothing
J | to explain, nothing to retract. I have not in the
11 course of this debafe made a single allusion per-
| sonally implicating a Senator. I did say that I
! believed this system was based on self-interest,
i! I believe so now; and I consider it not only my
' right, but my duty, to assert it here and before
the country. I find it planted in the Constitution
that you shall not levy taxes unequally. \Vhat
is the reason ? Because private interests would
combine to produce an unequal levy.- I find it
