1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. or Reps.
in* to good men everywhere to come to the rescue
ofthe common compact. This Government can-
not get along under the new ideas uttered on the
toot to-day. and proclaimed elsewhere. One
juJf of this Union cannot govern the whole.
Mr. PUGH. To what does the Senator refer?
Who has said that to-day ? He certainly does
■ot understand me as saying so?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at «tfl.
Mr. PUGH. Nor as justifying any attempt
to violate the Constitution ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly not; I have under-
stood the Senator from Ohio to hold frankly and
fully to the whole Constitution. But the Sena-
tor from Michigan has said that this discussion
has nothing to do with the bill before us. 1 say
it well becomes the Senate of the United States,
in Committee of the Whole, in considering what
powers shall be exercised, to see not only what
powers exist, but how far it is prudent to exercise
them now, and how far it is prudent to exercise
them at all. We have urged that there is sectional
injustice in these bills, and no man has denied it.
It may be accounted for, as the Senator from
Louisiana accounts for it, on the ground that we
have not asked for appropriations for our section;
orit may be put on the ethics of the Senator from
Michigan, that no man can vote for an unconsti-
tutional amendment to an unconstitutional bill.
Why, sir, what we say is, that there is no
power to pass these bills. The committee claim
the right to originate bills; and the result, is that
a committee of this body, charged to consult 1!
equality in the expenditure of the public money,
come here and tell us: "You have not offered :
your propositions, and we will not distribute the ;
money according to the public wants of this great i
country; we will not consider the necessities of
the commerce of this great country; but we will
consider the constitutional scruples of the indi-
viduals who happen to represent the particular
States." They make this combination or coali- :
tion as a great Magdalen asylum, where the loss
of virtue is the first requisite for admission; and
they ask my friend from Virginia to debase him- .
self under his constitutional views, before he can j
obtain admittance. That is the principle upon |
which this system stands. Some men may qualify j
themselves for it; but I can speak for my friend
from Virginia, whom I have known for a quarter
of a century; he never will qualify himself. If |
that is the condition, he cannot pay the price. [
I say that the committee are bound to look j
over this broad country. If yoa can appropriate I
this money tinder any constitutional power, you
should appropriate it where theite is the greatest |
public necessity and the greatest calls for im- \
provements, and not put them on the ground that
you will only report a bill when some member
files an application. It is not true that the con*'
m it tees do not originate bills. I have been told
to-day, that the bill to establish the Court of
Claims was reported by a committee without the
subject having been referred to them. I know,
as a member of the Judiciary Committee, that if,
on looking over the judiciary of the country, I
find some reform necessary, I introduce a resolu-
tion referring the subject to the committee, or
sometimes bring in a bill as a report from a com- 1
mittee. There is no rigid rule on that point. If
I find, on an examination of that department of
Government confided to me, as a member of a
committee, that legislation is necessary, I will take
the proper means; and if I am doubtful of the
power of the committee, I will come here, as I
have done, and your Journals at this session show
it again and again, to get the power to consider
the subject. When I found, m conference with
the indefatigable, honest, and independent Secre- j
tary of the Interior, that the Treasury was being
plundered by certain judicial expenses in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, I came to the Senate and asked
that the Committee on the Judiciary should in-
quire into some mode of amending it.' We brought
in a bill for the purpose, and it has been passed.
Frequently I know the committees, of which I
am a member, originated bills without the sub-
ject having been referred to them by the Senate;
uut where any suggestion is made that it would
be better to get the power, we come to the Senate,
introduce a resolution, and have the question re-
ferred to us. I know that has been the rule in
my committee, because I deem it my duty to
endeavor to amend by legislation all the wrongs
fairly within the legitimate province of the com-
mittee to which I belong, and I have endeavored
to do it. What is the rule of the Committee on
Commerce with regard to these bills ? The Sen-
ator from New York has put it on the ground
that they give all that is asked; he is satisfied
with that. The Senator from Louisiana talks to
us of nationality; and others say if anybody will
file a petition for an improvement in his State he
will get a bill reported. Then another iflember
of the committee, (the Senator from Michigan,)
says, that those who oppose the system on the
ground of unconstitutionality, not only cannot
ask forappropriations for their States, but cannot
move to amend a bill by putting in such a pro- j
law. There I must stop. There I am forbidden,
to go. I cannot go for making anything a lawr
that is, in my judgment, violative of the Consti-
tution of the United States. But, notwithstand-
ing my constitutional objections, I should not
hesitate to offer a bill for any river in Georgia, or
Tennessee, or Kentucky, or any other portion
of the United States, if I thought the improvement
was worthy. I will vote for amendments of that
nature to these bills. The majority of the Senate
seem to have adopted this system, and when I
present a proper occasion for its exercise, and
show that the improvement is worthy, I say that
majority are bouhd, according to their principles,
to adopt my proposition. 1 do not violate the
Constitution by presenting it.
I have given these views to state the course in
vision. If we do that, according to his judgment jj which the path of duty leads me. I differ with
3 . •      j the from Michigan in regard to it. I am
content that he shall follow his own rule; but I
will follow mine. By the Constitution, the final
passage of a bill is that which makes it a law; but
before a bill is passed, I hold it to be my duty to
make it as good, as equal, and as unobjectionable
as I can.
and his conscience, we commit a great sin and
violate duty.
Mr. STUART. I have asserted no such thing.
I have contradicted that statement at least half
a dozen times to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS. I distinctly understood the
Senator to state what I have said.
Mr. STUART. I am surprised that the Sen-
atorfrom Virginia, and the Senator from Georgia,
after I have corrected them again and again,
should each time return to the charge and reiter-
ate the same thing which I before denied having
said*
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator distinctly said
that I had no right to vote for an amendment to
an unconstitutional bill.
Mr. STUARTJ. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what I understood.
Mr. STUART. I admitted distinctly, because
I had bad a little knowledge on this subject, that
it was a recognized parliamentary right to defeat
a bill by objectionable amendments. I said it was
the right of the opponents of a bill to put on ob-
jectionable amendments, so that its own friends
would not vote for it. That is the language of
the parliamentary law. 1 said, however, as my
own opinion, that that rule did not authorize a
Senator to offer and vote for an amendment which
he thought unconstitutional, any more than it j
authorized him to vote for the provision of the 1
amendment if it stood in a separate bill by itself.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understood the Senator in
no other way than precisely as he has just stated.
Mr. STUART. That is different from the
Senator's statement of my position.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; it is precisely as I
understood the Senator from Michigan , and as
the Senator from Virginia understood him. He
said we had no right to vote for an unconstitu-
i tional amendment to an unconstitutional bill, and
I I think I so stated it. I certainly understood the
i Senator as he has just stated his position to be
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. E. D. CtfLLEN,
OF DELAWARE,
In the House of Representatives,
July 12,1856,
On the Besoluiions reported by the select committee to
investigate the alleged assault upon Senator Somker by
Mr. Broom.
Mr. CULLEN said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to make a few remarks
in explanation of the vote I expect to give upon the
important questions which are before the House
for adjudication. I must say, in the beginning,
that never in the course of mv life has anything
given me so much pain as I nave felt in relation
to the matter before us. I, like my honorable
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Comins,] who
spoke yesterday, have formed attachments with
some of the parties implicated, which I hope will
never be severed; and it is painful for me to see
those friends arraigned under circumstances in
which I cannot raise my hand to relieve them,
without violating way ditties as a member of this
House.
I have listened with attention to the remarks of
all the gentlemen who have preceded me in this
debate. I have listened to some of them with much
pleasure, but, I must confess, that remarks have
fallen from the lips of some gentlemen which have
given me pain. I must say, at the outset, that I
  much regret that so many matters, foreign to the
1 admit the first parliamentary principle which j j subjects under consideration, should have been
he has quoted to be correct, that you can put on i| introduced into this discussion—all of which are
riders to break down a bill. There is another and ■ j calculated to mislead from the true issues now bo-
a higher parliamentary law, which addresses fore us. I regret that, in the discussion of a matter
itself to the integrity of every statesman. It is, I1 of so much importance, and which, of itself, is
that when he sees an unconstitutional bill about it calculated to excite, that .any extraneous matter
to pass, he should make that bill as good as he j should be mixed up with it so well calculated to
can. lt is not onlv the right, but the duty, of j i produce ill-feeling here among us who, rfg judges,
every man on this floor, if he finds that a meas-
ure to which he is opposed on constitutional i
grounds is going to be passed, to make that meas- ;
ure as good as he can, to make it as equal as he !
can, to avert from the country as much of its ,
evils as he can. I differ with the Senator from ;
Michigan in this; .that I would hold him violating ;
his duty if he did not do it, and he holds me to j
be violating mine for doing it. I do not take his j
ethics—I do not take his reasoning. The uni- j
ji versal parliamentary law is as I have stated it, j
and I have no hesitation in agreeing to its justice i
I and propriety. I supported yesterday the amend- I
S ment of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
ji Adams,] to open the Tombigljee river,and 1 will
vote for any amendment to these bills which I
, think is judicious.
j I go further. If my constituents ask me to do
i an unconstitutional thing, and the Senate agrees
S with them, I will draw up the bill and present it,
and give it a fair hearing, and appeal to those who
! have different constitutional views from my own,
and I will support it through every stage until it
comes to the point of passing it and making it a
en-
are bound impartially to decide this case.
Now, sir, in what I have to say I shall
deavor to divest myself of all irrelevant matter,
especially such as is likely to excite any ill-feel-
ing in this House, and to consider this case as it
stands before us. What is it? An assault and
battery has been committed upon a member of
the other House by a member of this. Was it
justifiable ? Has this House jurisdiction overit?
These are the two questions which I shall dis-
cuss. We are to consider this case as judges.
We are not to consider it, and 1 shall not argue
it, as counsel. I shall not try to embarrass the
matter, but shall endeavor to consider fairly and
dispassionately all the facts and the law in the
case, and then to pronounce final judgment, with-
out passion and without prejudice.
That an assault and battery has been commit-
ted is not denied. That the House has jurisdic-
tion over the matter I have become fully satisfied
from the authorities and arguments which have
been produced and made by others who have pre-
ceded me, particularly from those of the gentle-
man from Ohio who first spoke, [Mr. BiKOiMj
