1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1057
34th Co!*g....1st Sess.
Power of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Dowdell.
Ho. op Reps.
Every hr rt wy> no! We will manage our own
stTsrrs in our own way. We reject foreign in-
tlut'JM*. and go lor our country, our whole coun- ■
try, and nothing but our country.
it in, as I haw said, a feeling of en*y and jeal-
ousv in the politician# and writers of England,
ai; monarchists, who so grossly Blander and abuse
us, and who so earnestly desire our downfall,
*iiioli now affects to undervalue and despise us.
It is that same fell spirit which intimates and
bos  o often predicted that, in the case of a war
between England and ua, so many thousand black
regiments of American negroes would be seen
marching through the southern States bearing the
English flag. To a disappointed rival, as is
England with ua, railing must be some relief to
her chafed spirit. America mast, and England
sre« will, far excel her. It is tha spirit and nature
of our race to excel and go before them. We are
but performing our mission. Theae United States
hid fair to excel in numbers, population, territory,
science, mechanism, and in arms, all the other
nations which have preceded us. Let as not stop
short of our destiny. Let as not become rotten
hefote we are ripe. Let us no longer listen to
foreign emissaries and hired traducers, who lire
and thriTe by libeling America and hers. Let us
leare others to do for themselves as we intend to
do for ourselves—maintain our own form of gov-
ernment, keep this Union together, and make the
Constitution, as it should be, supreme. Let us
act well our part, trusting and confiding in that
Almighty Be ins who haa made us and our country
what we are, tnat He will still continue to-bless
snl prosper us; that He will never leave nor for-
sake us; and we shall never have to fear the result.
We have the finest iountry in the whole world
—the best of soils, the most diversified climates,
the greatest mineral resources, the greatest ad-
vantages ever possessed by any other nation be-
fore us under neaven. We have the best insti-
tutions, the beat form of government, the best
Constitution,ever vouchsafed to man. Our people
are brave and industrious, persevering ana ener-
getic. We have an honest and intelligent con-
stituency. I do not rely on the politicians of the
eountry'for the salvation of this country. I look
Is the unsophisticated men of this land—the men
who gain their living by the sweat of their brow— ,
the men of good sense. Vet it must be admitted
that there are and always have been in this Hall
many politicians of incorruptible integrity and
lofty patriotism and great intellect and knowledge.
Sir, it is our division among ourselves, the pre-
judices of one section of this Confederacy against |1
another, which our foreign enemies have brought j:
about, as 1 have stated, which is our present '
greatest danger. It must not be encouraged—it
must be put down. We are all countrymen of
the same great family—we must not divide among
ourselves. I do not—none of my people partici-
pate in this prejudice; they will not take sides in it.
Mr. Speaker, I am not to suppose that the gen-
tlemen of one side of this House are prejudiced
against those of the other. I have never wit-
nessed any of such prejudice in any members of
this House against the parties accused, or those
who are now to be triea. 1 have beard gentle-
men of the Republican party here, speaking in
high terms, personally, of Mr. Keitt and Mr.
Baooas, as well as Mr. Edmi kdson. Those
fUpuolicans in this House have ever been found
by me, since my acquaintance with them, honest
and true. They have always been frank and
gentlemanly. I look to the gentlemen of the Re-
publican side of this House for a fair and impar-
tial trial of this matter. I have conversed with
them, and they have never, in my hearing, spoken
words the least disrespectful of any of tne parties
concerned, or of any of the other gentlemen on
the Democratic side in this Halt.
As I have said, I confide in the justice and im-
partiality of the members of this House; and I
may say here, that 1 was glad to hear the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddincs] disclaim any
wish on his part to injure or wound the feelings
of any of the accused, at the same time declaring
that he felt much sympathy for them, and that
he should vote to pass censure upon them only
from his sense of duty, and not from any ill feel-
ing or prejudice towards them, or any of them.
I am firmly convinced that he was sincere in all <
New Series.—No. 67,
that he said, and that he would not intentionally 1
do a wrong to any. I have no doubt that he ana i
all other gentlemen in this House will vote hon- j
estlyand impartially—that they will be governed ;
wholly by right and proper motives. All of us '
must sympathize with the accused. We all, I
hope, regret the events on which we are to vote
ana decide.
This assault, and what I believe will be its
consequences, to say nothing of the present, has
given to me, as well as many others, most direful
forebodinss. Heaven grant that I shall be mis-
taken, and that all ill feeling may speedily pass
away, to be forgotten forever, ana that good
feeling may again animate the heart of every man
of the North and of the South, of the East and
of the West, when we shall again be a united and
happy people. Nothing can more forcibly tend
to separate one section from another than this
sorrowful event. Let us act justly and impar-
tially, and censure where it is due, and acquit
where there is no guilt. I am satisfied that both
the gentlemen from South Carolina have been
guilty of a breach of privilege; that they have
violated the law; that neither of them can be
justified in the part which he has taken; and
therefore that both of these gentlemen should re-
ceive a vote of censure from this House. This
is the result to which 1 have come, and it is my
duty to say so. I have cherished, and yet do
cherish, very friendly feelings towards the ac-
cused, especially towards Messrs. Edmukdson
and Keitt. It has been very painful to me to see
the part which the latter has taken in this affair;
but mv feelings towards him must not warp or j
control my judgment, and my duty to myself and j
to my constituents, so many of whom have
reminded me of my duty to myself and to them., i
Sir, it is in sorrow, and not in anger, that I de- 1
clare my resolution to vote for the infliction of
censure where it is due. When I first came here,
I was an entire stranger. I soon formed acquaint-
ances; but soon there followed friendships and
attachments to individual members, and among
the first which I formed were with the honorable
gentlemen from Virginia, Mr. Edmundson, and
from South Carolina, Mr. Keitt; and it is with
deep regret that I have so soon been called upon
to judge those two friends under circumstances in
which I cannot defend them both, as would have
been most congenial to my feelings. I am re-
joiced that I can defend the one, even though I 1
cannot justify the other. |
We all know the effects of these attachments,
of kindness and attention to us; a cold heart can
only resist them. Sir, like my honorable friend
from Massachusetts who spoke yesterday, [Mr.
Comins,] and whose speech has done so much
credit to both his head and his heart, with which
I was so well pleased, and who, as a friend, I
highly value, tells us how the many acts of kind-
ness which he has received from one of the ac-
cused and other gentlemen of the Democratic side
of the room where the wheel of fortune has placed
him and his desk, separate from his political
friends, and that he had been so much overcome
and won by them that he was almost led to fear
that he himself should become a Democrat; and
that if Democracy were now what it used to be,
he did not know that he should greatly regret
the result. I must say to that gentleman that I
also have shared in kindness from all sides of this
Houfce, but I have never thought of leaving my
party and party friends. If my honorable friend
ever leaves his party, let me most kindly and sin-
cerely invite birn to come over to, and be one of,
the great American national and patriotic party
of tnis nation—make himself one of us; with us
he will find warm and kind friends, worthy asso-
ciates and colaborers, who will give to nim all
kindness; with whom he may sojourn—find good
?[uarters and entertainment—where he may be re-
reshed. Come with us and we will do you good
and not evil. Let us all be of one party—patri-
ots, lovers of our country and her institutions;
defenders of the Constitution and Union of these
States; national, not sectional, in our principles;
sustaining every portion of our common country;
discountenancing all which can alienate one por-
tion of this great Confederacy from another. Let i
us be a united that we may be a happy people j
now and forever. I
POWER OF CONGRESS OVER THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. F. DOWDELL,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House or Representatives,
July 28, 1856,
On the power of Congress over the Territories, and ths
relative position of political parties in reference to the
same—tlie House being in the Committee of the Whole
on Uie state of the Union.
Mr. DOWDELL said:
Mr. Chairman: Prompted by an earnest desire
to avert, if possible, the evils which surround us,
and threaten the overthrow of cherished institu-
tions, which have hitherto been regarded not only
as sacred, but impregnable, I have sought the
floor, but, I must confess, with but little nope of
being heeded amid the noise and confusion which
at present bewilder the public mind. So often
have the alarm bells been rung in the ears of the
people, to summon them to tne extinguishment
of flames which only existed in the fancy of the
ardent but ever-cautious patriot, that, when those
startling sounds fall upon the public ear, the rep-
etition serves only to lull to sounder sleep and
sweeter dreams of uninterrupted security. Blind
and infatuated must be the man, and unobservant
the eye, which does not now discern the dangers
before us. He, indeed, has read history to little
profit, studied passing events with less, and must
be totally ignorant of the nature and peculiar
characteristics of the people of this country, who,
at this time, is free from apprehensions of ap-
proaching evils of the most alarming magnitude.
A few, a very few, short months ago, two great
and proud parties contended for the mastery in
this Government. They both were national ana pa-
triotic. The men of the South and the men of the
North, irrespective of State lines or geographical
affinities, rallied under their banners. Each strove
for the mastery, not to enslave the defeated, but
for the honor of being foremost in advancing the
interest, and adding to the prosperity of a great
common country. Under the excitements pro-
duced by their generous emulation, activity,
industry,and energy, were imparted to the masses;
and our country has grown and prospered
without a parallel. Like links of steel .they bound
together the different sections of this Union; and,
embracing in their liberal policy the interests of
every part, kept alive those sentiments of affec-
tion and feelings of fraternal sympathy which
constitute the true bonds of union, ana in the
absence of which all forms of government fail,
and constitutions are powerless for good.
But the spoiler came. Weak ana despised at
first, a few fanatics band together in the North.
They proclaim unrelenting hostility to the insti-
tution of slavery, denounce it as a violation of
the law of God, and, holding themselves aloof
from all parties, pursue the one idea of its exterm-
ination. As their numbers gradually increased,
politicians .although scorn ing the sentimen t, never-
theless pandered to the prejudices of this sect,
and courted their influence. They never gave it
without an equivalent. They courted persecu-
tion and abuse to enlist sympathy, and thereby
add to their numbers. From these and kindred
causes, they grew and multiplied until the cloud,
no larger than a man's hand, which Calhoun
saw in 1835, pregnant with evil, has darkened
the whole northern sky. The first indications
of real danger to the integrity of the Union
were the fearful inroads made upon the Church.
Several of the largest and most influential denom-
inations of Christians, yielding to the silent but
dangerous error so sedulously inculcated by the
Abolitionists—that slavery was a sin—attempted
to ingraft it upon the policy of the Church, which
resulted in sundering the strong ties of Christian
brotherhood. Thusgave way some of the strong-
est links in the chain which bound us together.
But there remained two great national parties,
animated with a patriotism which seemed invul-
nerable to the attacks of this insidious sectional
enemy. Long have they withstood the inroads
upon their ranks, and manfully battled against
the dark spirit of dissolution. But the spoiler
came; and flowers which the hand of affection
