1058
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 28,
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Power of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Dowdell.
Ho. of Reps.
planted hare hardly had time to bloom over the
graves of Clay and Webster, before the great
party to whose cause they devoted their high
talents—their manhood's prime, and experienced
age to build and sustain—is thrown down and
destroyed.
The" fall of the Whig partv may excite the jeers
of the though (less, and gladden the hearts of some '
of its opponents. No such feeling enters my
bosom. Although never a member of that party,
I ever admired the lofty genius of its statesmen,
and respected and honored the patriotism of its
masses. And when it fell in ruins, for one I filt
that, although Democracy had survived a " foe-
man worthy of its steel, the country had lost
a friend In her hour of greatest need. Sir, the
causes which led to this catastrophe it were well
seriously to consider. The same causes which
•truck down our old and honored opponent have
commenced the sapping and mining operation
upon the national Democracy, and, unless eradi-
cated speedily, will undermine the best govern-
ment God ever gave to man.
We must not underrate the difficulties which
surround us. The disease which now affects the
body-politie is deep-seated and of long duration.
No temporizing remedies will reach and overcome
it. No compromise opiates must be administered
to relieve present pain and lull the patient into
false security. They conceal, but do not check,
the step of the destroyer steadily advancing. A
false theory of our system of Government pre-
vails to an alarming extent in the northern section
of this Union, ana has contributed, more than
any other cause, to the growth of that fanaticism
which imperils our institutions. Forgetting that
the Federal Government is a unity only for the
specific objects enumerated in the Constitution, i
and our system is separate and distinct in all things I
else, they assume a responsibility for the evils, I
real or imaginary, that exist in its various parts. \
And thus a spirit of intermeddling springs up, j
which, under the plausible pretense of discharging
duty, transcends the limits of legitimate action,
and in its mission of curing>evils multiplies con-
flicts and collisions which it was the very object
in the formation of our Government to avoid. If
there were no conflicting interests in this country
—if our people were in all their pursuits ana ,
desires homogeneous, then there were no neces-
sity for State governments. The very fact of i
varied and opposite interests in connection with I
that other trutn, that the people of each locality
would know best their own wants, and provide
better for their own necessities, produced our
admirable system of federative governments.
The Federal bead finds in the Constitution its
limited sphere of action; each of the parts is re-
sponsible only to itself for the good or Wd policy
which it may in wisdom or folly adopt. Revers-
ing this theory, the Abolitionists, looking to the
General Government as the great sovereign power
in the land, as a part of the Government fancy
themselves responsible for that they term the sin
of slavery, ana therefore seek to get control of
the Government in order to wield its power to
the destruction of the institution.
I do not propose here to discuss the question,
whether slavery be a sin or not, but to state
this proposition: that there must be a radical
change in public opinion at the North, or else we
must be prepared to look disunion in the face,
with all its horrid brood of evils. The majori-
ties in the northern States must either understand
and live up to the States-right theory of our
Government—that evefy State and locality are
responsible for their own sins—or change their
opinion upon the moral evil of slavery. In a
government considered a unity, with power to
control the parts, no such antagonisms as slavery
and abolitionism can dwell together in peace.
Ever since the creation of man, moral opinions
and faith have controlled his actions; and moral
ideas are invariably followed by action. We may
entertain and dismiss this or that intellectual
proposition, founded on expediency or policy at
pleasure; but where the conscience is involved,
whether rightor wrong, religious or superstitious,
there is no such option. Under this reason or
infatuation its goal is heaven or hell, and it never
stops short of its destination. The empty granite
•epulcher of the Savior, no more sacred than the
dust upon which he walked, became an object of
importance enough to arouse all Europe to arms;
ana the preaching of Peter the Hermit, that it
was the duty of the pious believer to take up
arms to rescue this sacred relic from the infidel
Saracen, marshaled the chivalry of western Eu-
rope to one of the most bloody conflicts recorded
in history. This tragic incident of the middle
ages should serve as a warning, and remind us
of the fact, that in our own country there exists a
fanaticism none the less turbulent in spite of the
benefit of live hundred years of Christian light
and civilization.
Can we hope for a change of opinion in the
northern mind, afflicted with this madness ? Not
in one generation. For thirty years have these
fanatical opinions been sedulously inculcated;
under the parental roof where the light of reason
first dawned; in the nursery chamber where im-
ages make their most lasting impression; in the
school-room, where boyhood is most credulous;
in the pulpit, where doctrines are taught with
authority, and enforced with religious sanctions;
and on the hustings, where passions are' inflamed,
and patriotic feelings invoked; and in that gen-
eral public opinion which alone gratifies avarice
and ambition, slavery has been held up for scorn
and indignation, " as the crime of all crimes, and
the sum of all villanies;" and he that does the
most towards its extinction, is taught to believe
that he performs the highest patriotic and religious
duty. Nay, more: under the heretical theory of
responsibility for the sins of other States, it is
inculcated as the bounden duty of every individ-
ual, in order to avoid participating in the "crime,"
to use all his political powers for its extinction.
In the course of time, when the multiplying
facilities for communication between the North
and South shall more intimately blend our soci-
ety, and make each better acquainted with the con-
dition and peculiarities of the other, and w"hen an
advancing Christian civilization shall enlarge our
charities for a common weakness and folly, and
shall instruct our minds to better appreciate our
social advantages and more clearly comprehend
our duties and responsibilities, then, ana not till
then, can we hope or look for a change—such a
radical change in the public mind of the North
as will be consistent with the peace and harmony
of the country, and compatible with the safety
of southern institutions. No higher object can
enlist the labors and employ the talents of the
patriotic statesmen of the North, than to engage
m the work of correcting public opinion in this
regard. But it requires a moral heroism of stern
material to stem that tide of popular feeling
which bears upon its bosom all the honors and
emoluments of office. And in this age of worldly
ambition, I fear there will, be found Dut few mar-
tyrs to the cause of truth, whose only reward is
a quiet conscience in obsurity, and whose only
hope looks for fruition beyond the grave. Espe-
cially will this state of things continue, when not
only all the chances of worldly preferment, but
all the sanctions of the pulpit, combine to propa-
gate the error. In this aspect, I must confess
that I do not anticipate a reaction sufficient to
silence agitation, or to guard our institutions
against inroads subversive of our rights, and
hazardous to our safety. i
But one resource, then, is left—the universal
acquiescence in the doctrine of State rights; that
no one State shall interfere with the domestic
concerns of the other; that however antagonistic
the views, interests, and institution of each, there
exists an entire separate responsibility: that we
are united only for general and specified objects;
that in all other respects we are independent as
foreign nations; and that, in the latitude of the
reserved powers we are perfectly free to consult
our own interests and follow our own inclina-
tions. Upon this understanding and these terms
we can live together; and, discarding all thought !
of coercing opinions, or using a common agent to
exercise unconstitutional powers, may, by potent
and persuasive example, promote our common j
virtues whilst we shun each other's vices. I am -
aware of the fact that the bare mention of Slate
rights or reference to the Constitution, when the
one is to be invaded and the other perverted, ex-
cites laughter and often ridicule; and that the
" master appears to be a stranger in the house of I
his servants;" but this will not deter me from
recurring to first principles, and pointing to the
only means of securing the continual union of
these States.
At the adoption of the Constitution in 1787,
slavery existed in nearly all the States; but its
speedy extinguishment by sale to the South in
all north of Mason and Dixon's line was early
contemplated, and I am free to admit that the
southern statesmen at that day did not regard the
institution as permanent. But the Constitution
shows that it was itself an instrument of com-
promises on this subject, and that in the begin-
ning, the idea of North and South as two sections
of somewhat antagonistic interest was enter-
tained. At this period, however, the main con-
flict between the States was in.reference to the
waste lands. Virginia owned by far the greatest
gart. From an earnest desire, for a union of the
tates under a common government, she, with a
magnanimity unparalleled, and with a liberality
deserving a lasting remembrance, ceded, for the
common benefit of her sister States, that mag-
nificent domain which lies northwest of the Ohio.
All this vast country under the ordinance sub-
sequently adopted by the Confederation was de-
voted to free soil. But this munificent gift,
instead of satisfying the voracious appetite of the
North, only stimulated the passion for more ex-
tensive dominion. When the Government went
into operation under the present Constitution in
1789, the relative strength of the two sections was
nearly equal. Of the old thirteen, the North had
seven, the South six States. Very shortly after
this, the idea of maintaining an equilibrium be-
tween the sections obtained, and the theory of
balancing the power between North and South
by admitting an equal number of States from each,
supplanted in practice the true and safe system
of government as contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, and has occasioned these sectional shocks
which have more than once threatened the integ-
rity of the Union.
The ten States admitted first after the adoption
of the Constitution, were admitted in pairs, al-
though differing slightly in point of time. Thus,
Vermont came in in 1791, and Kentucky in 1792;
Tennessee in 1796, and Ohio in 1802; Louisiana
in 1812, and Indiana in 1816; Mississippi in
1817, and Illinois in 1818; Alabama in 1819, and
Maine in 1820. At this period another southern
State became ready, with the requisite population
for admission, before any corresponding sister
Territory north was ready to join her; and, al-
though the scale inclined north by one State—an
advantage which she maintained from 1789 to
1820, and the admission of this southern State,
then ready to come in, would have equalized the
political power of the two sections—the North,
through her representatives, resisted the admis-
sion of Missouri as a slave Slate. The terrible
excitement which followed this first rude shock
in our system caused the stoutest hearts to fear,
and the ablest statesmen to tremble for the safety
and success of the new Government. Mr. Jeffer-
son, that great intellect which planned the Revolu-
tion , and afterwards gave form to our Government,
and established the true rule for the limitations of
its powers, spoke of it as more startling than the
fearful sounds of fire-bells at midnight. Missouri
was admitted. The scales were evenly balanced
The collision established the theory of maintain-
ing the relative strength of the two sections in
reference to the institution of slavery; and a line,
contrary to the wishes of the South, although
voted for by her representatives to restore peace,
was first traced by legislation upon the political
map of the country, in contempt of the Constitu-
tion. Late in life, Mr. Jefferson, in reverting to
the subject, which, at the time of its occurrence
made so deep an impression upon his mind, said
that " the Missouri question, by a geographical
line of division, is the most portentous one I have
ever contemplated." And well did Mr. Madison,
in his letter to Mr. Walsh, speaking of the same
subject, ask the question: "Should a state of par-
ties arise founded on geographical boundaries, and
other physical and permanent distinctions, what
is to control those great repulsive masses from
awful shocks against each other?"
The fixing of the line by legislative enactment,
was the necessary and natural result of the baU„
