1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
31th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Potter of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Dowdell.
Ho. of Reps.
torr. who would not ridicule the pretension, if
the'v did not resist the flagrant usurpationJ They
have us much right to interfere with one species ;
tl* i>rivate property as another.
Now, sir, I am not one of those who hold the
doctrine that Congress has no legislative power
orrr the Territories; but I contend that the legis-
lative power exercised must be consistent with
all parts of the Constitution, and compatible with
the true theory of our system. Congress does
possess the power to organise territorial gov-
ernments. It may be deduced from the power to
declare war, and under the necessity of carrying
out treaties which may be made by tne Executive
and Senate. The acquisition of territory, with
its inhabitants, is incident to war, and likewise
may be made by purchase, as in the case of
Louisiana. In tne latter case, the Government
bound itself to protect the inhabitants, while in a
territorial condition, in all their rights of person
and property, and to admit them, as soon as they
had sufficient population, into the Union. To
fulfill these stipulations, the organization of a
government for the Territory was necessary. I
believe with Mr. Madison that the power may
be deduced from the clause—" The Congress
shall hare power to dispose of and make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting the territory
or other propert y belonging to the United States;"
and with him agree that •• the terms on which
this power is expressed," alluding to the clause
just quoted, " though of a ductile character, can-
not be well extended beyond a power over the
territory as property, and a power to make the
ptinviu mil; netdful or M«s*rji for the govtrn-
mral of nttlers vntil ripe for admission as States
into the Union." (Letter to Mr. Walsh, Novem- ,
ber 27,1819.) But while I hold that it is right,
necessary, and proper for Congress to give or-
ganic law to the settlers of a "Territory, I at the
same time shall contend that it is wrong, unne-
cessary, and improper to legislate in reference to
their social relations and domestic affairs. The
first legislation consists with the Constitution;
the latter would violate a fundamental theory
apon which our whole system of government
vests. The first enables the settlers to enjoy in
the highest degree the right to govern themselves
and frame their municipal regulations. And this
view of the case is founded not only in the
strongest reason, but the soundest policy. The
fundamental condition of a good law is that the
law-maker shall live under it and enjoy its advan- .
tages, or feel it* oppression. '
The complaint of the Colonies against Great j
Britain was, that Parliament, without knowing
their wants, passed laws for their oppression;
and they insisted upon the right to govern them-
selves, obtained it at the point of the bayonet in
the war of the Revolution, and planted it in this
noblest fabric of political wisdom, as the chief
corner-stone. Let it not be disturbed, lest the
temple itself should topple. To attempt to govern
the people of a Territory in their local and domes-
tic affairs, when they can have no roice in the
laws which may be passed, is a species of usurped
authority, more suitable to the despotisms of the
East, where citizens are serfs, than to the latitude
of republican America, where every citizen is a
freeman and an element of the sovereign power.'
The act organizing the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas stands upon this ground. Congress
gave them organic laws, and appointed the officers
necessary to their execution, and then left the peo-
ple perfectly free to adopt a domestic policy to meet
the wants of their condition, of which they are
not only the best, but the rightful judges. The
political relatione of the Territories to the States
authorize action thus far on the part of the Fed-
eral Government, as a trustee to protect the
property of the principal; and the inalienable
rights of the citizens of the United States who
settle the Territory demand for their safety and
protection, the free exercise of the power of self-
government.
I have said before, that it was the peculiar
attribute of sovereignty to define what shall be
property. I hare shown that the Federal Govern-
ment, not being sovereign, could not exercise this
power. Let us now see whether a territorial ,
government can do it. In the first place, they [
cannot derive it from Congress, for Congress !
itself docs not possess the power, and cannot,
therefore, give that which it has not. If they
possess it at all, then, it must be derived from the
right to govern themselves. But does this right
constitute them a sovereignty? Certainly not; for
if this was true, the right to make a constitution
would follow necessarily, which they have not
without the consent of Congress upon the terms
laid down in the Federal Constitution. Then
they are not sovereign during their territorial
pupilage, and cannot exercise the high functions
appertaining to sovereign power, until by the
consent of Congress they are prepared and qual-
ified to be admitted into the Union. And this
consent Congress is bound to give when the
requisite population is attained, and a form of
government presented, republican in its features.
The obligations are mutual. The Territory can-
not exercise the full rights of a sovereign State
until the atiove conditions are complied with; and
Congress cannot legitimately prevent her admis-
sion to the dignity and power of a State when
they shall have been complied with.
This brings us to the inquiry, where, then, is
the sovereign power located ? I answer, in the
people of the Territory, whenever they arc quali-
fied by the'terms of the Constitution to. become
one of the United States. It can be found nowhere
else. At this point they possess the legitimate
power to make their constitutions, define their
institutions, including or excluding such property
as they may deem conducive to or destructive of
their happiness. Should Congress, or the settlers
in a Territory, attempt, under the forms of legis-
lation, to exercise this ungranted power, and
deny to the citizens of the States tne right to
carry with them to the common territory any
species of property rccognized as such by the
State whence they emigrate, then arises a ques-
tion of the validity of such legislation, which the
courts of the country must decide. If you ask
me, what remedy have we, should the proper
judicial tribunals decide the exercise of such a
Cower on the part of Congress or a Territory to
e right and constitutional, my answer is, I know
of no other but revolution. If the violation of
the Constitution by those ill authority be palpa-
ble, and of such a character as greatly to endanger
rights vital to the happiness of a people, then, in
the language of the Declaration of Independence,
" it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish
it, and to institute a new government, laying its
foundation on such principles, and organizing its
power* in such form, as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their safety and happiness."
I desire now, Mr. Chairman, to say something
in reference to the position of parties, as connected
with this question—this great and vexed ques-
tion of the power of Congress over the Territories;
because we need not try to evade the conviction,
that there is but that one solitary question now
agitating the public mind. The Republican party
have, for the time being, discarded all pretensions
in regard to the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; in regard to the interference
in the slave trade between the States; in regard
to the abolition of slavery in the docks and arse-
nals, and such other property as the United
Stajes Government possesses. They have dis-
carded all these issues for the time being; and the
great question between the Black Republican
party and the Democratic party is, what power
has Congress over the government of the Terri-
tories? The part which the Know Nothing
party plays in regard to this issue is somewhat
equivocal. The Black Republican party lays
down the position, as I understand it, that there
are to be no more slave States formed out of the
common territories. I use the term " Black "as
an adjective, distinctive in its charactcr, not un-
courteoUs; I never use harsh and odious epithets
in speaking of persons or parties. I am reminded
that "Michael,the archangel, when contending
with the devil he disputed about the body of
Moses, durst not bring against him a railing ac-
cusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee. ' I
will only read what one of the most moderate
men of that party has said in the Senate. It is
needless to multiply extracts upon a question
about which there is little or no dispute. I give
this as a sample of the faith and determination
of that party. The Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Foster] speaking in regard to the question
says:
" Without pursuing thia part of tlie subject further, I con-
clude that Congress lias ample power to legislate for the
Territories, as Well on the subject of slavery as on other
Mitgetta. If it be granted that the power exists, ought il to
be exercised:' and, if exercued, how ought it to lib exer-
cised ? .
" My answer, most unhesitatingly, is, Yes—exercise the
power promptly; put an end to slavery in all the Territories
of tile United States, if it lias any existence, and forbid its
existence within tliose limits so lung as tliey remain Terri-
tories. This is my deliberate judgment."
Now, this position I understand to be the one
taken by that party. They make the issue, and
declare when tney get the power they will use it
promptly. The Democratic party have joined
issue with them, not for the purpose of establish-
ing slavery in the Territories, but to leave the
people free, when they come to frame a constitu-
tion, to choose or reject it, as it may suit their
soil, climate, and convenience. It is needless for
me to say, Mr. Chairman, that if the Blaek Re-
publican party have the numbers and power to
succeed, and if they do succeed, and if the Fede-
ral Government be used as an instrumentality to
carry out this policy, then one of two things must
follow; either tne abolition of slavery in the south-
ern States, and the consequent subjugation of the
South—or a dissolution of the Government, it
is demonstrable to every man who can put two
and two together. To forcibly prevent the legit-
imate expansion of her institutions, will place the
South in a most perilous position of being,
" Like the scorpion girt by fire,"
consumed by flames, or stung to death. It would
force the white people of the South to leave her
limits, and go to other parts to find homes—either
in foreign countries, or in other portions of the
Union where the sympathies of the people would
not be with them—to wander as strangers in the
land of tlieir fathers. But the black population
could not go beyond the limits; And it would re-
quire no prophet, but a small arithmetician, to
determine how many years it would take that
gopulation to cover every acre of land in the slave
tates, when we remember the rapidity of their
increase under the humane government of their
Christian masters. And then you would have
that great monstrosity of being united under one
government, with twelve or fifteen of the States
of this Union occupied by a race with which you
could not live and associate on terms of equality.
As the lands became more scarce, the white people
of the South would be driven away, or, falling on
bended knee—where I hope never to find an Amer-
ican citizen, unless it be to his God—would be
found asking the great power of the North to
come and deliver them from the demon of de-
struction.
Give slavery latitude—allow it the equality
guarantied in the Constitution—and it is an insti-
tution that will bless both the white and the black
races, elevate the latter in the scale of civilization,
to the highest degree of which they are capable,
and the benefits of which will redound to all sec-
tions of the Union. I believe the North are the
largest sharers in the benefits of slavery at this
day. It is useless to talk to me about that philan-
thropy which weeps over the slaves of the South,
but which, at the same time, chews and smokes
the tobacco, and uses the cotton, the sugar, and
rice, which are produced by their labor. The
North has an equal complicity with the South in
the crime of slavery, if it be a crime; not because
of a political union with the institution, but as a
joint consumer of the products of their labor.
If such policy as this, so indicated in the extract
given above, from the Senator from Connecticut,
is to become the settled policy—not of your poli-
ticians, because we do not look to politicians for
a permanent expression of opinion—but of your
people—of the great power behind you, greater
than the throne itself, then it is time for us to
consider how we can best take care of ourselves.
Let us now come back to the question, and ask,
what part do the Know Nothings propose to play
in this contest? Of the prescriptive and intoler-
ant features of that order I do not design to speak
now, but merely to call the attention of the com- t
mittee to a few facts in the history of that party,
and its candidate for the Presidency, which may
throw some light upon its relative position to the
