1063
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 28,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Power of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Dowdett.
Ho. of Reps.
great sectional question now in issue between the
Black Republicans and the national Democracy.
The act organizing the Kansas and Nebraska
Territories, which repealed the prohibition against
slavery, embraces the whole question. Shall it
stand as a settlement ? It was adopted by the
joint rotes of Whigs and Democrats. The na-
tional Democracy and Mr. Buchanan say that it
shall stand. The Black Republicans say that it
shall not stand. There is no doubt as to the posi-
tion of these two. But what of the "Americans ?"
They are still under a cloud. For fear that I
might do them injustice, I will give a sample from
their declaration of principles, after premising that
they discarded the famous twelfth section of the
June platform, which was somewhat national and
conservative on the slavery question. Here it is:
" 13. Opposition to the reckless and unwise policy of the
present Administration in the general management of our ,
national affairs, and more especially as shown in removing ;
' Americans' (by designation) and conservatives in princi- i
pie, from office, and placing foreigners andultraists in their j
places; as shown in a truckling subserviency to the stronger, 1
and an insolent and cowardly bravado towards the weaker 1
Powers; as shown in reopening sectional agitation, by the :
repeal of the Missouri compromise; as shown in granting
to unnaturalized foreigners the right of suffrage in Kansas
and Nebraska; as shown in its vacillating course on the
Kansas and Nebraska question; as shown in the corruptions
which pervade some of the departments of the Government;
as shown in disgracing meritorious naval officers thiough
prejudice or caprice; and « «hown in the blundering mis-
management of our foreign relations."
I give the whole section. There is no mis-
taking .the spirit of it. President Pierce's admin-
istration, which has been true and faithful to the
Constitution, and just to the South, is charged
•with " reopening sectional agitation by the repeal
of the Missouri compromise," and on that ac-
count, of being guilty of an " unwise and reckless
policy." What is the legitimate inference? Why,
that the restoration ofikt Missouri compromise would
close up sectional agitation, and it would be wise
and prudent for it to be done. What does Mr.
Fillmore say in reference to the platform which
contains this obnoxious clause? Hear him:
" So estimating this party, [the American,] I freely adopt
its great leading principles as announced in the recent dec-
laration of the National Council in Philadelphia."
What principle at this time is more leading than
that which refers to the Missouri compromise ?
There is none. It makes up the main issue in
the canvass. Hear him again in his Albany
speech:
" Of the present Administration I have nothing to say,
foi I know and can appreciate the difficulties of adminis-
tering this Government; and if the present Executive and
his supporters have, with good intentions and honest hearts,
made a mistake, I hope God may forgive them, as I freely
do. Butif there be those who have brought these calamities
upon the country for selfish or ambitions objects, it is your
duty to hold them to a strict responsibility. The agitation
which disturbed the peace of the country in 1850 was un-
avoidable. It was brought upon us by the acquisition of
new territo'y, for the government of which it was neces-
sary to provide territorial organizations. But it is for you
to say whether the present agitation which distracts the coun-
try and threatens us with civUwar,has not been recklessly
and wantonly produced by the adoption of a measure to aid
in personal advancement rather than any pubhc good."
Now, Mr. Chairman, are not the views of Mr.
Fillmore, just quoted, in conformity to the thir-
teenth section ? Does he not mean that the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was a "mistake" of
such heinousness as. to require a prayer to God
to forgive it? That it brought "calamities" upon
the country ? That the object of those northern
patriots who voted for the repeal, was " selfish
and ambitious?" That its repeal "distracts"
the country, "threatens civil war," and that this
"agitation, "unon the adoption of the Kansas act,
has been "recklessly and wantonly" produced ?
But hear him again, in his speech recently
made at Rochester:
" I have no hesitation in saying, what most of you know
already, that X w&s decidedly opposed to the repeal of that
compromise, [the Missouri.] Good faith, as well as the
peace of the country, seemed to require that a compromise
which had stood for more than thirty years should not be
wantonly disturbed." * * « * «This repeal
seems to have been a Pandora's box, out of which have
issued «W the political evils that now afflict the country,
scarcely leaving a hope behind; and many are readv to
impute all the blame to our southern brethren ; but is 'this
just? It must be borne in mind that this measure [the
Kansas act] originated with a northern Senator, and was
.sustained and sanctioned by a northern President. I do
not recollect that even a single petition from a southern
State solicited this repeal; and it must be remembered that
when a northern Administration, with large numbers of
northern Senators and northern members, offered the
southern States a boon, southern members of Congress
could not, if they would, safely refuse it. To refuse what
seemed a boon, w«uld have been to sacrifice themselves ;
and this is certainly expecting too much from political men
in times like these."
This language is too plain to be misunderstood.
To say the least of it, it is equally as bad as the
February platform. Let no man henceforward
separate Mr. Fillmore and that platform. They
stand together. Who will doubt any longer that
Mr. Fillmore was decidedly opposed to the repeal
of that odious restriction which fanaticism fast-
ened upon the country, and which the South and
national men were driven to acquiesce in, in order
to admit Missouri and purchase peace ? Who
will gainsay the fact, that Mr. Fillmore regards
the Kansas act, which restored to the South her
right to enjoy a common territory purchased in
part with ner money, and which removed from
the statute-book a stigma upon her institutions,
as a " Pandora's box," out of which have issued
" all the political evils" which afflict the country?
Who will dispute that Mr. Fillmore charges
"all the blame" for that agitation which Free-
Soilers and Abolitionists have produced, upon
that great measure of justice, voted for by nearly
all the southern members of both parties, and
upon our northern Democratic friends who pa-
triotically came to the rescue, and fell in the act
of restoring to the South her rights under the
Constitution; and upon our noble Executive,
who, for his stern and honest devotion to princi-
ple, deserves the gratitude of the whole country?
That he regards the act which places the South
upon an equality with the North as " a boon,"
a gracious favor, corruptly tendered by northern
Senators and members for selfish anil ambitious
objects, and received by southern members, not
because their honest judgments approved it, but
because they were too cowardly to express their
honest convictions, and too much afraid of losing
their places " safely to refuse" it? Are not these
inferences which I have drawn from Mr. Fill-
more's own words just? I must confess that I
can put no other construction upon the speech
above quoted.
Mr. Chairman, when I look around this Hall
for the forty-four northern Democrats who voted
for the Kansas bill, and behold, of all that gal-
lant patriotic band of statesmen who dared to do
right, only six familiar faces, my heart warms
towards them with a feeling of admiration which
I cannot well express. And around their noble
compeers, who stood with them in their high dis-
charge of duty, and who were beaten down by
the combined forces of Know Nothnigism and
Black Republicanism, the sympathies of the na-
tional men North and South gather, and will ere
long lift them to their places again, or accord to
them an honest fame beyond the gift of power
or place. The places of six more of them are
filled by Democrats who approve their vote for
the Kansas act, and three gains by the Democ-
racy, constitute only fifteen returned to this House
out of the forty-four who preferred principle
to position. How great the weakness and in-
gratitude of men who, through party prejudice,
are endeavoring to elevate to the highest honor
in the Republic a man who considers justice to
the South a boon from northern power, and who
denounces the worthy men of his own section,
who voted to give that justice, as the authors of
commotions for " selfish and ambitious objects."
One who contributed so much to defeat the ori-
ginal friends of the Kansas act, to bring that meas-
ure into disrepute, and who now indicates a return
to a restrictive policy, and who, I doubt not, if
elected, will use all his influence to that end,
should not be placed in power by the suffrages of
those who approve the principles of the Kansas
bill.
Much has been said, sir, in praise of Mr. Fill-
more's speeches made on his journeyings from
New York to Buffalo. They contain some sen-
timent* which I most heartly approve,and some
portions breathe a spirit somewhat national and
conservative. But shall the South, or shall the
national men of the North, assist in elevating a
man to the highest office in the gift of the people
, who, for ten years as a member of this boay,
; during the prime of his manhood and the matu-
I rity of his powers, labored to fan the flame of
sectional strife, to agitate, to excite, and to build
up a fanatical, sectional party, which has threat-
ened, and still threatens, and may yet terminate
in the dissolution of this Union? Shall we permit
such an one to ride into power upon the bosom
of the storm which he himself evoked ? I have
no doubt that Mr. Fillmore loves the Union. He
loves it with that deep feeling and anxiety which
one fellow-mortal feels for another upon whom
he has inflicted a fatal stab. He sympathizes
with his sufferings—ay, sir, no man in the wide
world feels so deep a concern for the wounded
fellow as he who struck the blow. Mr. Fill-
more feels a deep concern for the safety of the
Union, and loves it because of its dangerous con-
dition, which he labored so long and assiduously
to produce. I cannot here enumerate and ana-
lyze that long list of hostile votes which, during
his service, he gave; but there is one memorable
occasion in his history which I must allude to.
0nthe21stof December, 1837, ascene occurred in
the House of Representatives which gave rise to a
debate, characterized by Mr. Benton as " the most
angry and portentous'' which had ever taken place
in Congress. " This was the great session for
the presentation of abolition petitions," says Mr.
Benton, " and they were presented by hundreds,
and signed by hundreds of thousands of persons.''
On this day, Mr. Slade, an Abolitionist, pre-
sented a petition, and was proceeding with a most
inflammatory attack upon the South, when he
was repeatedly called to order, and motion after
motion was made to adjourn to calm the great
excitement which had been aroused; but could
not be entertained by the Chair because Mr.
Slade persisted in keeping the floor, until the
excitement became so great that several of the
southern delegations left the Hall. He was finally
ruled out of order, but asked permission to pro-
ceed, which was refused by the House. The
motion to adjourn the House at this stage was
very important; and " the opposition to it," says
Mr. Benton, "was one of the worst features
of that unhappy day's work." The southern
members, who had retired to a committee-room,
returned with an ultimatum, in the form of the
21st rule, which was adopted by the House,
and they again took their seats. The vote on
this rule was exceedingly important, and its
passage sjlenced agitation and angry debate in
the House. Where was Mr. Fillmore during
these dangerous and trying times ? The record
says that he voted every time with John Quincy
Adams and Slade, to keep up agitation against the
South. On the motion to adjourn, which was
absolutely demanded to allay excitement—on the
adoption of the 21st rule—on granting leave to
Mr. Slade to proceed in his tirade of abuse
against the South—Mr. Fillmore's name is by
the side of Adams and Slade; and in a similar
association it will be found on every vote which
he gave on the subject touching slavery during
his ten years' congressional career.
Let us now, sir, turn for awhile to the more
pleasant task of considering the position and
views of a friend to the South and the Union.
Where do we find Mr. Buchanan standing during
all those trying and perilous times ? Sir, the record
reports, in all his votes touching the slavery ques-
tion, a faithful adherence to the Constitution, and
a liberal and comprehensive statesmanship, which
challenges the admiration of the whole country.
With a devotion that tired not, and a consistency
unparalleled, he stood firm and unwavering, and
labored steadily to drive back the dark tide of
fanaticism that threatened to deluge the country
in blood. During the memorable period of De-
cember, 1837, to which I have just alluded, when
Mr. Fillmore was. with the Abolitionists, fanning
the flames of sectional strife, and arousing the
storm of angry passions, Mr. Buchanan was
found on the side of peace and goodwill, striving
earnestly to quench the flames and calm the
raging waters of faction. It was then that Mr.
Buchanan stood up, in his own State, and vindi-
cated the rights of his southern brethren against
the assaults of her enemies, which Mr. Fill-
more's coadjutors were constantly making. He
implored them to cease their agitations; that it
was wrong and unconstitutional to interfere with
the subject of slavery; and cautioned them, if
| they kept on in their mad career, and insisted
