1068
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Republican Party: Its necessity and its mission—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
as solemnly indorsed by the President in his mau- | !
gural. Well would it have been for our country,
and for the honor of those who gave those pledges, '
had they been observed; but they were as but the j
idle winds. The first session of the first Con-
press which assembled after Mr. Pierce was ;
elected had scarcely told two moons before the •
intense sectionalism of the Administration began
to manifest itself.  
The hypocritical cant about the restoration of
peace, and the happy termination of agitation,
was soon ascertained to be " honeyed words" in
the mouth of political charlatans. The country
was soon astounded by the developments at this t
Capitol, going to show a conspiracy, cunningly (
devised, and boldly and audaciously carried out, j>
in violation of all truth, fairness, and justice, to |
favor one section by basely filching from the j;
other section its portion of the division of terri-
tory made in 1820. Will some one be kind
enough to tell me wherein lay the nationality or
justice of that act ? Resistance to that foul deed
is branded by our southern friends, and their
northern allies, as sectionalism; and every man
who disapproves of the act is put under the ban, j
and condemned as a sectionalist. Only those 1
who approve of this stupendous robbery are per-
mitted to claim nationality. Well may such a1
party set up the highwayman's plea, or the Ostend
circular's teaching of morality. The open advo-
cacy of the robbery of the Island of Cuba from j
Spain, is but an indorsement of the principle that ,;
might makes right, and justifies any wrong which j
the party may have the power to commit.
The Democratic party, with loud professions of
a patriotic nationality, and with pledges not to
agitate or disturb the settlement of the territorial
question, which had caused such excitement prior
to 1850, and which was settled by the compro-
mise of that year, gained the confidence of the
people by those false professions. They attained
the power, and basely used it to rob one section
of territory to give it to another, that it might (
thereby have the political supremacy in the coun- j
try. If this can be justified, surely the same 1
morality would justify the appropriation, by this
country, of the Island of Cuba. The highway-
man 's plea can be resorted to in both cases, and
those who have been wronged must tamely sub-
mit, or bear the odium of being called sectional- :
ists. Since that party dare not nominate Mr.
Pierce, it must be admitted that they are fortu-
nate in having Mr. Buchanan, one of the authors
of tjie " Ostend circular," for their candidate for
the Presidency. The man who suggests the
stealing of an island for the purpose of adding to
the slave power of the country, could not be ex-
pected to condemn the appropriation of Kansas j
to the same purpose. Loud professions of nation- j
ality are not sufficient disguises to deceive the i
people and justify wrongs committed upon the
free States, for the purpose of giving the politi-
cal control of this great country to a section con-
taining six millions of the twenty millions of
whites in this country. The audacity of this de-
mand of the South is only equaled by the base-
ness of theirallies in the free States, who are will-
ing to aid them in accomplishing their purposes. I
It is asserted by those who have examined the j
census returns, that of the six millions of whites in
the slave States, the ownership of slave property
is confined to less than three hundred and fifty j
thousand persons, men, women, and minors. \
We have, then, the startling fact, that the control
of this Government is sought to be placed per- |
manently in the hands of an oligarchy numbering
considerably less than there are voters in the
State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. I wish the freemen of Pennsylvania to ;
remember this fact, when they hear those expans- >
ive national Democrats discourse so eloquently,
as is their wont, about sectionalism. That those
who have large pecuniary interests invested in
■lave property, should desire to have that interest
control all other pecuniary interests of the coun-
try, is not strange; but that free white men, liv-
ing in free States, should lend their influence to
hand over this Government to this sectional in-
terest, is amazing. If this question involved no
other than pecuniary interests, it would be strange
that all others should be handed over to its tender
mercies.
But what shall we say of human rights, of
justice, and of the great living truths enunciated
in our Declaration of Independence ?
THE TRUE DOCTRINE.
On a former occasion in this House, I showed,
by reference to the speeches and to the acts of
the patriots who founded this Government, that
it was not their intention or purpose to permit
slavery to spread'over the Territories of the coun- j
try. I will not, on this occasion, do more than
say that, in permitting slavery to spread beyond
the limits to which it was confined by the fathers
of the Republic, we have widely departed from
their policy.
In my own State, (Pennsylvania,) the noble
band of patriots who then controlled its destinies
were not content with giving expression to phi-
lanthropic sentiments, out they gave more sub-
stantial evidence of their philanthropy by abol-
ishing slavery in 1780. I cannot give expression
to the feelings produced on reading the preamble
to that act, better than by reading a paragraph
from a speech delivered by Mr. Webster in Octo-
ber, 1844, in which he discussed the policy of
admitting Texas into the Union, and eloquently
alluded to the policy of Pennsylvania:
" I was desirous of saying a few words to you about
Texas. (Cries of' Go on!" Goon!" Tell us about Texas!')
Well, I will only say, in relation to Texas, that you will
find in the archives of your own State that which is far
more important than all I can say upon the subject. But
I do say, that the annexation of Texas would tend, and
must tend to extend the duration and extent of African
slavery on this continent. I have long held that opinion,
and I would not now suppress it for any consideration on
earth! And because i t does increase the evils of slavery—
because it will increase tlie number of slaves and extend
the duration of their bondage,—because it does all this, I
oppose it without condition and without qualification—at this
time, and at all times—now and forever. *
" In 1760, the Legislature of Pennsylvania passed the
act of abolishing slavery in this State. It was introduced
by a grateful acknowledgment to God, for the achievement
of American liberty—for that assistance by which the people
had been enabled to break the. chains of a foreign Power,
and by the enjoyment and assumption of a duty conform-
able to that, to do all they could to break all other chains,
and set the world free.
" That preamble was the work of your fathers! they
sleep in honored graves; there is not, I believe, one man
living now who was engaged in that most righteous act.
There are words in that preamble fit to be read by all who
inherit the blood—by all who bear the name—by all who
cherish the memory of an honored and virtuous ancestry.
And I ask every ohe of you now present, ere eight and forty
hours pass over your heads, to turn to that act—to read
that preamble—and if you are Pennsylvanians, the blood
will stir and prompt you to your duty. There are arguments
in that document far surpassing anything that my poor
ability could advance on the subject, and there I leave it."
I will now give the preamble to which Mr.
Webster so eloquently alluded:
" When we contemplate our abhorehee of that condition
to which the arms and tyranny of Great Britain were ex-
erted to reduce us; when we look back upon the variety
of dangers to which we have been exposed, andbow mirac-
ulously our wants in many instances have been supplied,
and our deliverances wrought, when even hope and human
fortitude have become unequal to the conflict, We are un-
avoidably led to a serious and grateful sense of the manifold
blessings which we have undeservedly received from the
hand of that Being from whom every good and perfect gift
cometh. Impressed with these ideas, we conceive that it
is our duty, and we rejoice that it is in our power, to extend
a portion oftbat freedom toothers which hath been extended
to us, and release from that state of thraldom, to which we
ourselves were tyrannically doomed, and from which we
have now every prospect of being delivered. It is not for
us to inquire why, in the creation of mankind, the inhabit
ants of the several parts of the earth were distinguished
by a difference in feature or complexion.
" It is sufficient to know that all are the work of an
Almighty hand. We find in the distribution of the human
species, that the most fertile, as well as the most barren
parts of the earth, are inhabited by men of complexion dif-
ferent from oars, and from each other; from whence we
may reasonably, as well as religiously, infer that He who
placed them in their various situations hath extended
equally His care and protection to all; and it becometh not
us to counteract His mercies. We esteem it a peculiar
blessing granted to us, that we are enabled this day to add
one more step toward universal civilization by removing
as much as possible the sorrows of those who have lived in
undeserved bondage, and from which, by the assumed
authority of the kings of Great Britain, no effectual legal
relief could be obtained. Weaned by a long course of expe-
rience from those narrow prejudices and partialities we bad
imbibed, we find our hearts enlarged with kindness and
benevolence towards men of all conditions and nations;
and we conceive ourselves, at this particular period, ex-
traordinarily called upon by the blessings which we bave
received, to manifest the sincerity of our profession, and to
give a substantial proof of our gratitude.
" And whereas, the condition of those -persons who have
heretofore been denominated negro and mulatto slaves
has been attended with circumstances which not only de-
prived them of the common blessings which by nature they
were entitled to, but has ea-<t them into the deepest afflic-
tions by an unnatural separation and sale of liut-lmnri and
wife from each other, and from their children—an injury
the greatness of which can only be conceived by supposing
that we were in the same unhappy ca.-^e : In justice, there-
fore, to persons so unhappily circumstanced, and who have
no prospect before them whereon they may rest their sor-
rows and their hopes—have no reasonable inducement to
render their service to society, which they otherwise mi£ht;
and also in grateful commemoration of our own happy"de-
liverance from that state of unconditional submission, to
which we were doomed by the tyranny of Britain : There-
fore, Be it enacted, $c."
Then follows the act which gradually eman-
cipated the slaves held in bondage in Pennsyl- '
vania—a noble deed, worthy the noble patriots
who performed it, and worthy to be had in ever-
lasting remembrance by every true son of that
philanthropic and patriotic State, founded by
Penn.
A recurrence to the great deeds of our fathers
increases our veneration for them, and should in-
cite us to emulate their example. Is there a son
of Pennsylvania who does not feel the kindlings
of a patriotic pride when he calls to remembrance
the noble example set us by Franklin and his co-
adjutors ? Is there one son of that great free State
who does not rejoice that there is not the foot-
print of a slave upon its soil? If* then, the con-
templation of the act which bid the bondmen
go free, and prohibited slavery forever within its
borders, affords such unalloyed pleasure, can it
be possible that any of her sons will lend their
influence to establish such an institution in the
plains of Kansas ? Alas! alas ! for our degen-
eracy. I cannot say that there are none such.
The teachings and example of the patriots of the
Revolution long continued to influence and con-
trol the action of the people of our State. In 1818,
1819, and 1820, we find the same patriotic devo-
tion to the pure and philanthropic principles of.
our fathers; and the State, through her Legisla-
ture,protested,in themostsolemn manner, against
the admission of Missouri with a constitution
tolerating slavery. She instructed her Senators,
and requested her Representatives in Congress,
to resist the admission of Missouri. They did
so with a persistence and fidelity never surpassed
by any body of public 'servants. They never
faltered in their duty; and we find that twenty-
one out of the twenty-three members of Congress
then representing Pennsylvania in this Hall,
Utterly refused admission to Missouri with her
slave constitution. Surrounded as they believed
the Union to be with perils, they planted them-
«selves immovably upon what they believed to be
the position taken by the founders of the Gov-
ernment, not to extend an institution admitted to
be a great evil. Upon this position they took
their stand, and were supported by the unanimous
voice of the Democratic State Legislature, and
of a grateful constituency. I rejoice that I can
thus speak of the representatives of my native
State, who, on her part, fought the first great
battle between freedom and slavery in these Halls.
All honor to the twenty-one members of this
House, and the two Senators, who, on that try-
ing occasion, refused to bow the knee to the black
Baal of America. Dissolution was then threatened
as it is now threatened, and by men from the
same section, with this difference: we had no
" weeping Jeremiahs" in our State then, prophe-
sying, in dolorous notes, the ruin of the country,
as we have now. The people then stood firm,
and sustained their representatives in resisting
the demands of slavery. But they found a few
northern men with softened vertebne who yielded,
and the compromise was passed, and Missouri was
admitted with her slave constitution; and the
North, for its share, was permitted to retain a
wilderness for thirty-four years, until the South
wanted it, and then they took that too.
A gentleman who was a member of Congress
at that time, (the venerable Dr. Darlington,)
writing to a newspaper in his district, gives a
graphic description of the scene presented on the
final passage of the Missouri compromise. I will
give a few extracts:
" The vaulted dome re«choed with threats of blood and
carnage—disunion and civil war, and all the terrifying fig-
ures which heated imaginations could conjure up; but the
firm and faithful calmly pursued their course, resolved upon
discharging the solemn duties committed to them, and leav-
ing the event to Him who controls the elements and over-
rules the fury of even the proudest among the lords of cre-
ation. These threats of disunion, so abhorrent to every
