1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Republican Party: Its necessity and its mission—Mr Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
patriotic mind, and so at variance with the parting injunc-
tion of Uie Father of his Country, have become disgracefully
common ui latter times. 11 is the glory of the middle States,
among which Pennsylvania stands preeminent, to have es-
cbetred this desperate folly, and to have controlled the
madness of the extremists."   * * "Just and
legitimate acts of Government never yet produced commo-
tions among an enlightened and virtuous people; and Amer- ;
jeans cannot be already so deteriorated as to consider a
restriction on tbe further extension of human slavery, an I
act of injustice or lmjiolicy. It would be a libel on the sons j
of the men of '76, to entertain such an idea for a single :
moment." * *•** .* j
« p. s—March 5,1©0—The die is cast. Missouri is ad- j
mittrd with the privilege of forming a constitution and State j
•oveaunent without the restriction of slavery. The Sen- i
ate rejected the restrictive clause m the Missouri bill, and
tent it back with an additional section, to exclude slavery
in the Territories north of 36* SO7. The committee of con- 1
ference recommended to the House to adopt these amend-
ments, on which condition tbe Senate had agreed to admit
Maine into the Union. Then came the trying moment, j
The most pathetic appeals were made to members; the
horrors of disunion were depicted on one band, and the
blessings of harmony portrayed on the other. Some waver- |
in; friends of restriction disappeared from the House, and j
three or four went over to the other side; and when the 1
question was taken there was a majority of three for I
acceding to the amendments to the Senate. I am proud,
however, to say that, notwithstanding the threats and the
appeals to the fears and the feelings, honest Pennsylvania,
faithful Pennsylvania, stood firm as a rock. Two of her
members had been opposed to the restriction from the
beginning, (Messrs. Baldwin and Fullerton,) though the
latter voted for it till the pinch came; but the remainder
were not to be moved even in that trying moment—for it |
was an awful crisis. Everything horrible was threatened
with tbe most determined aspect of menace. One member |
fainted twice while pleading for the compromise. Thus j
has Congress eossibly averted evils threatened by distem- |
pered men of the slaveholding States, and certainly, in
my opinion, humbled tbe proud character of our Republic
in the eyes of the world."
The writer of the above adds, in a note, the
following:
"Of tbe twenty-three Representatives of Pennsylvania,
at that day, the following named twenty-one resisted the
extension of slavery into Missouri and all free territory,
on any pretext or compromise whatever:
"Messrs. Boden, Darlington, Dennison, Edwards, For
rest, Gross, Hemphill, Hibshman, Heister, Hostetter, Ma-
clav, Mareband, R. Moore, S. Moore, Murray, Patterson,
Philson, Rogers, Sergeant, and Tarr."
The patriotic writer of those extracts has sur-
vived that compromise which was to live forever.
What anguish his noble heart must have felt
when he learned of the consummation of that un-
paralleled perfidy by which that compromise was
abrogated! He remarks, in a note written since
the* repeal;
" Every intelligent person is now aware that the noisy
vaporing.-? of the slave power down South is all sham, in-
tended merely to scare the servile remnants of obsolete
parties, ami squabbling factions in the North. The slave
power is a unit, and tolerates no dissenting factions in its
own dominions; but it encourages feuds and divisions else-
where, the better to manage them. Yet, while the cunning
oligarchy thus threatens, it knows full well—none can
know it better—that tbe peculiar institution would not be
safe one hour under the influences resulting from a dissolu-
tion of the Union. Why should it, so long as it can wield
at pleasure, the physical energies of the free States
On the 5th of April, 1820, the writer made
this prediction:
" I venture to predict that the settled policy of the glave-
bolding States will be to prevent the admission of any new
non-slaveholding State into the Union, unless a slavehold-
ing State shall be admitted to balance it."
Why should Pennsylvanians be expected to
repudiate the noble principles and exalted virtues
of their fathers ? Their deeds and virtues have
embalmed their memories in the recollection of
the patriotic and virtuous, and will hand down
their names, associated with the good and great
who have lived upon earth, to the latest posterity.
Do those who appeal to us to vote for Mr. Buch-
anan claim that he will subserve any special or
peculiar interest of Pennsylvania? No. With
the Democracy there is but one question now be-
fore the country. Tariffs, internal improvement
systems, distribution of public lands, banks—all,
all have dwindled into insignificance before the
greater question, whether slavery shall be spread
over the plains of Kansas, ana thereby a new
market be opened to the domestic slave trade.
Governor Wise, of Virginia, in a recent speech,
urged the peculiar claims of Mr. Buchanan upon
the South, and declared, that if Mr. Buchanan's
policy in relation to the Territories acquired from
Mexico had been adopted, slaves would have
increased three hundred per cent, in value. Has
not the free labor of Pennsylvania already felt
sufficiently the crushing influence of fifteen hun-
dred millions of dollars invested in slave property,
that she should lend her influence to add to its
value, and consequently to the power of an inter-
est which already over^iadows all others in the
country, and which has always waged a bitter
warfare against Pennsylvania interests ?
Mr. Chairman, it will not do to tell me that i
Mr. Buchanan will not observe the conditions |
upon which he was nominated. He has sworn !
fealty to the Cincinnati platform; and if he is an !
honest and honorable man, he oannot do other- j
wise than fulfill the conditions upon which he was j
nominated. I
We are appealed to in Pennsylvania to vote for j
James Buchanan, because he is a Pennsylvanian
to the " manner born," and our State pride is ap- !
pealed to. It will not do, gentlemen; the people t
of my State have some State pride, but will not j
be induced to vote for a man whose ambition
leads him to forget what is due to his own State,
and his country. He has no claims upon any
bat those who approve of that wicked policy
which has caused the murders, arsons, and rob-
beries in Kansas. He is bound to complete what
Pierce began, and has no claims upon any man
who could not support Pierce or Douglas.
With these facts before us, we are invited—
nay, urged—to vote for Mr. Buchanan, because,
forsooth, he is a Pennsylvanian.
I am fully aware that Mr. Buchanan was nom-
inated because it was supposed that he could
carry Pennsylvania, and thereby save the party
from that overwhelming defeat which it so richly
merits at the hands ot a betrayed and outraged
people. But I would ask those who urge us to
vote for him because he is a Pennsylvanian, how
they can expect us to do so, when he is pledged to
pursue a policy—an infamous policy—that is not
of Pennsylvania, but of Douglas and Atchison.
He has doffed his individuality, and no longer
thinks or acts for himself. He is hereafter to be
the exponent of the Cincinnati platform, and it is
the exponent of the views and policy of Douglas
and Atchison. The hemp placed about the necks
of Governor Reeder and William Y. Roberts,
would scarcely set the easier because it was nicely
adjusted by a marshal appointed by their old
Democratic friend and leader, James Buchanan,
who, as President, was carrying out the Douglas
policy, by " subduing" and hanging them for
treason.
It will be recollected that a few years since,
when we were about to acquire territory from
Mexico, to " indemnify us for the war com-
menced by Mr. Polk, Pennsylvania, through her
State Legislature, instructed her Senators and
requested her Representatives to vote for the
adoption of the " Wilmot proviso," and to ex-
clude slavery from all Territories which might
be acquired. I had the honor to have a seat in
I the Legislature in 1847, when those resolutions
: were passed, and I believe that there were but
three dissenting votes in the Senate and House.
Those resolutions were supported by Governor
. Bigler, now United States Senator, John C.
Knox, now one of the judges of the supreme
court, and by other Democrats of less distinction.
How can Pennsylvania, with this record, sup-
port this new dogma, which, if sustained in the
election of Mr. Buchanan, will tarnish her fair
escutcheon, and sadly mar the beauty of her his-
i torical record ? It is not necessary for me to pursue
! this subject further than to say that Pennsylva-
j nia has clung to the policy of her patriotic leaders
| of revolutionary times.
kansas.
Ever since the perpetration of that great crime
against the nation's peace—the passage of the
! Kansas-Nebraska bill—the country, throughout
;; its length and breadth, has been convulsed with
'! excitement pernicious to its prosperity and hap-
j piness. It should be the object of every patriot
to do what he can to restore quiet, and that is
only to be done by'removing the cause. A skill-
ful physician will first ascertain the cause of the
excitement, or the disease, and then will apply
j suitable remedies for its removal. He will, if
possible, probe to the seat of the disease, and re-
move the cause of irritation. So with the body
I politic, when diseased or unnaturally excited, wc
must first ascertain, if possible, the cause, and
then apply the remedy. There is not a man, wo-
man, or child in the land, who does not know the
cause of the feverish excitement that now threat-
ens our future happiness and peace. And 1 was
about to say, further, that there is not one within
the sound of my voice—nay, scarcely a.n intelli-
gent man in the whole country, but who kno^ys
what is the remedy to be applied, which will
remove the plague-spot. It is as simple as it will
prove efficacious. Repeal the Kansas-Nebraska
act. That is the remedy, and you all know it.
Your President knows it. Mr. Douglas knows
it. But they have not sufficient patriotism to
raise them up to the performance of deeds so
noble. Madness or folly rules the hour, and the
spirit of the infernals appears, for the time, to
direct our affairs. Wise men saw this from the
beginning. The object of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise was to take away the barrier
which prohibited slavery from entering the fair
fields of Kansas. The wicked pretense set up,
that it was not to legislate slavery into Kansas, or
to legislate it out, and that the people should be left
" perfectly free" to adopt their own institutions,
bore the impress of falsehood upon every line of
the act.
But the effects, the fruits of that bill—what are
they ? Look at the report of your committee
sent to Kansas to investigate the election frauds.
What a revelation is there for my countrymen !—
what an exposure for the eyes of civilized men!
The parallel to the atrocities committed there
cannot be found in the history of any civilized
country since the " northern hive" broke loose
upon, and overran the Roman empire. Crimes
of every grade are committed against those who
were lured from the free States by the deceptive
lure, that they were to be left " perfectly free to
establish their own domestic institutions." And
the criminals run at large ! Men from the free
States are hunted like wild partridges upon the
heath, and are driven out; while, on the other
hand, southern emigrants—armed emigrants—
are welcomed into the Territory; and, upon
their arrival, are mustered into the service of the
United States under Marshal Donaldson, and
paid out of the money of the people. Call you
this equality, gentlemen ? Major Buford marched
over four hundred men from South Carolina and
Alabama; and as soon as they reach Kansas they
become a part of the United States marshal s
posse, and are placed upon the pay-roll. They
may commit wliat acts of violence they will, and
there is no remedy. The United States troops
can drive out bodies of free-State men, and can
prevent others from entering the Territory, but
have no power over Marshal Donaldson's or
Sheriff Jones's posses. Every intelligent man
must see that the Kansas bill invited this very
state of things. It was a deceptive invitation to
the North and the South to send emigrants into
the Territory, and the strongest should be the
winner of the prize. All Western Missouri, with
Atchison, Stnngfellow, and their army of border
ruffians, stood ready to overpower the free-State
actual settlers; and they did do it more than once,
as is shown by the report of the committee.
Pennsylvanians, lured by the devices and hol-
low professions of that bill of fraud, emigrated
in considerable numbers—some from my district,
but more from my colleague's, [General Dick's;]
others from Ohio. Some of these, Barber, Brown,
and others, have been welcomed to inhospitable '
graves by the bloody hands of border ruffians.
Some are in prison under arrest for treason, be-
cause they in their simplicity believed that the
Kansas bill meant what it said; that is, that they
should be left perfectly free to adopt their own
domestic institutions; and set about doing so at
Topeka, and formed a free-State constitution.
For this, G. W. Smith, Esq., a lawyer of long
experience, ability, and respectable standing from
Butler, the residence of my colleague, [Mr. Pur-
viance,] is now in the " chain-gang" under th« '
guard of the United States troops. Another
Pennsylvanian, W. Y.Roberts,Esq.,with whom
I had the pleasure of serving in our State Legis-
lature, and who was then one of the leading Dem-
ocrats in that body, has been driven out of the
Territory upon a charge of treason for having
taken part in forming the Topeka constitution.
KANSAS POLICY TO BE €ARRIEI> OCT.
Suppose that, through the wickedness, per-
verseness, or weakness of a pilot, he should us#
