1070
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
[July 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
a chart by which be had steered a noble vessel
into the most perilous position, among rocks and
breakers, and that a storm having; arisen, the
vessel was in the greatest danger of being wrecked,
and there was but one channel by which the
vessel could be rescued, and brought back to an j
open sea, and that the pilot and crew obstinately 1
refused to tack, and declared that they would j
steer by the false chart, if the consequence should j
be the loss of the vessel, what would you think
of the proposition to throw the pilot overboard,
retain the crew, and employ a new pilot, upon
condition that he must pledge himself to use the
same compass and the same chart, and that he
must navigate the vessel in all particulars as the
old pilot did? (
\Vhat would you think of the wisdom of such j
a proposition? Would it not be wicked to so
expose the ship and the lives of passengers ? Yet
that is precisely what you have clone in throwing
overboard Mr. Pierce, and in insisting that the
proposed new" pilot, Mr. Buchanan, shall not ■
return to the point of departure, 36° 30', but
must continue to steer by the Douglas and String- -
fellow chart, if the consequence should be the
loss of the ship, with all on board. If the Dem- 1
ocratic party were alone the passengers, we \
might not complain at the wickedness of their
determination. j
Again: suppose that my friend and colleague
on my left [Dr. Bradshaw] should be called to
visit a sick man, whose sands of life had appa-
rently nearly run out. The doctor, after proper
examination of the patient, expressed his opinion
that the patient, although very near death's door,
might yet be saved by a change of treatment.
Ahsay the physicians, who had been in attend-
ance from the day of his illness, and have en-
dangered his life by maltreatment, that cannot
be done: we have risked our reputation as skillful
physicians upon the treatment which the patient
has had, and there is to be no ckangt. if you
can cure the man by our treatment, we will give
the patient up to you. Would the doctor take
charge of the patient upon such conditions ? No,
gentlemen. He would either apply his own
remedies, or leave him to die in the hands of the
quacks. Doctor Buchanan should have made the
same terms with the political quacka who have
brought upon the nation the fatal disease now
preying upon its vitals; but he is willing to take
charge of the patient, and promises to use the
same nostrums which have been prescribed by
Doctor Pierce and Doctor Douglas, the consulting
physicians. It would require a greater amount
of credulity than I possess to believe that the
patient will recover under such treatment.
democracy not always the sams.
The Democratic party claim that the great dis-
tinguishing, vital principle of their party is, obe-
dience to the clearly-expressed will of the ma-
jority. We know that upon this corner-stone
rests the structure of our Government. But let
us test the Democratic profession by their prac-
tice. They repealed the restrictive clause of the
Missouri compromise to extend slavery, with-
out solicitation from, and in opposition to, the
will of the people. It was resisted in vain. The
people were appealed to, and, after full discussion,
put their seal of reprobation upon the act, and
sent us here to repeal the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and restore the Missouri restrictive clause. This
we have done. We have met the demands of
the people. But the Senate, professedly Demo-
cratic, and further removed from the people, re-
fuse to obey their behests. They reject the bill
admitting Kansas with her free constitution
formed at Topeka. They also reject a bill re-
pealing the Kansas act, and restoring the Mis-
souri line, the very thing that I and the other
anti - Nebraska members were sent here to do.
have met the demands of the people, but a
„ Democratic Senate throws our bills back upon
us with derision and insult. This is the Democ-
racy of 1856!
It will be recollected that, during the admin-
istration of President Tyler, a treaty was entered
into with Texas, providing for its admission into
the Union. The treaty was submitted to the Sen-
ate, and by it rejected. The South, under the
lead of Mr. Calhoun, forced the Democratic party j
to adopt the annexation of Texas m a party meas-
ure, and it was made the issue in the campaign in
1844. Thatissue defeated Mr. Van Buren for nom-
ination, and nominated . Polk. The issue was
carried to the people, and Mr. Polk was elected
over Mr. Clay. The Democratic party then
claimed that, the question having been submitted
to the people, ana they having decided in favor
of it, it became the duty of the Congress which
assembled 1st December, 1844, to act upon the
subject, and they did so before Mr. Polk was
inaugurated, and admitted Texas by joint resolu-
tion—the same Senate which rejected the treaty
the winter previous, now voting for her admis-
sion. That was Democracy in 1844! Ah ! but
my Democratic friends say, the people were with
us then; they are not with us in the Kansas
matter, and that makes all the difference in the
world. I admit, that with an unscrupulous party
it does.
We are about to retarn to our homes and give
an account of our stewardship to those who sent
us. We have done all that we can do to carry
out the will of a vast majority of the people of
this country—to give peace to the country and
protect the people of Kansas against the acts of
an infamous Territorial Legislature, imposed upon
them by Missouri, and the still more infamous
acts of border-ruffians, clothed with power by
this Administration. But our efforts have proved
ineffectual, because the Senate and President
would not abandon their cherished project of
making Kansas a slave State. We will lay the
matter before the people. If they approve of the
treachery of those who hatched the Kansas con-
spiracy, and approve of the outrage* committed
there, they will vote for Mr. Buchanan, and send
those to represent them in this Hall who will sus-
tain him in his determination to carry out the
Pierce, Douglas, and Stringfellow policy, as ex-
pressed in the Cincinnati platform. On the other
hand, if they approve of our course in attempting
to save Kansas to freedom, and to protect its de-
ceived and unfortunate citizens, and in vindicat-
ing the national faith, and in giving peace to the
whole country, they will elect Frgmont to the
Presidency, and return to this House again a
majority of men true to these great objects. The
issues are plain. Duties and responsibilities of
vast moment now rest upon the people, and I
have no fear but that they will meet and discharge
them sJt patriots.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HOITA. H. STEPHENS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Hotrsc or Representatives,
July 31, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported by the Committee of Elections
ia the Kansas Contested:Election Case.
Mr. STEPHENS said:
Mr. Speaker: If I were to consult my feelings
to-day, my strength and physical ability, I should
not trespass upon the patience of the House. If
I were to consider the temperature of the day,
the heat—the sweltering heat by which we are
almost overpowered, I should certainly say noth-
ing on this occasion. If I were to look to what
is the apparent temper and tone of this body upon
the subject before ns, as indicated by the vote
taken two days ago, I should feel constrained to let
this question now be decided without a word from
me. I should despair of all hope of being able
to change what seems to be a fixed determination
of a majority of the House by any effort I could
make. Day before yesterday I saw a majority
on this floor, in order to reach a purpose similat-
to that which they now seem bent on, vote to
confer the most unlimited and dangerous power
on the President of theUnited States. No subser-
vient party in the British House of Commons ever
yielded more power to the Crown by a vote of
confidence, than this House on the occasion I
refer to, conferred upon our Chief Magistrate,
whom they have been wont so generally to mis-
trust, and unjustly to censure and upbraid. I
allude to the vote on the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the
Army bill. It is in these words:
" frnriM, omrtttlm, That no part of the military
force of the United States herein provided for shall be em-
ployed in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the
alleged Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas,
recently assembled at Sliawnee Mission, until Congress
shall have enacted either that it was or was not a valid
| Legislative Assembly, chosen in conformity with the organic
law by the people of the said Territory: And provided,
That until Congress shall have passed on the validitj of the
said Legislative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be tbe duty
of the President to use the military force in said Territory
to preserve the peace, suppress insurrection, repel invasion,
and protect persons and property therein, and upon the
national highways in the State of Missouri, or elsewhere,
from unlawful seizures and searches: Jlnd be it further
provided> That the President is required to disarm the
present organized militia of the Territory of Kansast and
recall all the United States arms therein distributed, and
to prevent armed men from going into said Territory to
disturb the public peace, or aid in the enforcement or resist-
ance of real or pretended laws."
The President, by this provision, which re-
ceived the sanction of a majority of this House,
is created sole dictator over Kansas. His will,
should the Senate concur—which 1 feel confident
they will not do — would be more omnipotent
there than that of Caesar's ever was over the
Roman legions, before he crossed the Rubicon.
Gentlemen on this side of the House, in their
misguided zeal for what they call freedom, have
conferred on the President a power that 1 myself
would confer on no living man. Not only this:
they have conferred a power in direct violation
of the Constitution of the United States. They
have authorized the President to disarm the militia
of Kansas ! The second amendment of the Con-
stitution is in these words 
Mr. PURVIANCE. I rise to a question of
order. Is it in order to refer to the action of this
body on a former occasion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Georgia is in order so far as he
has proceeded.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman may keep
quiet. This is not the only vote of the majority
I intend to allude to. Another one I have in
store may disturb him even more than this. The
second article of the amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States is as follows:
" A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security
of a free State, tbe rightof the people to keep and bear arms
shall not be infringed."
That is the language of the Constitution wb
have all sworn to support. The right of the peo-
ple—the militia—to keep and bear arms shall not be
infringed, says the Constitution; but this House,
in the face and teeth of the Constitution, has said
that this right shall be infringed!—that the militia
of Kansas shall be disarmed, and thatfthe wheels
of Government shall be stopped, unless this un-
constitutional behest of theirs shall be complied
with. And now, since I have seen the majority
of this House thus arraying themselves against
the Constitution, and striking down this great
bulwark of liberty, and the safeguard of the rights
of the free white people of this country, to answer
an unhallowed purpose of party, under a false
idea of " negro freedom," am 1 not justified in say-
ing that I almost despair of effecting anything by
what I may say in behalf of right, truth, justice,
law, order, and the Constitution?
But, sir, that vote was given without argument
—without full-debate. On the subject now before
us, we are not yet trammeled with the previous
question. It is my purpose, therefore, to-day—
notwithstanding my bodily weakness, notwith-
standing the heat of the weather, and notwith-
standing this unfavorable indication of the tone
and temper of the House—to make an appeal to
whatever good sense and sound judgment may
be left in the House. I do not yet despair of the
cause of truth. I shall never despair so long as
men will hear and lend a listening ear to reason.
I intend to-day to argue this question on princi-
ples, fixed, immutable, and as unassailable as
those of the Constitution itself; and I approach
the subject with the feelings of one thrice nerved
for the argument, from the consciousness that
his cause is bottomed upon truth and right.
The first resolution upon your table declares
that John W. Whitfield, the sitting Delegate
of the Territory of Kansas, is not entitled to his
seat, as such, on this floor. And I state, in the
outset of what I shall say in opposition to this
resolution, that the question has not changed
in the slightest degree since the subject was here
before. The report of the investigating commit-
