1073
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
expired, it is, as I maintain, now too late to file
any such complaints before this or any other
body. The question of the legality of the organ-
ization of that Legislature, so elected, so consti-
tuted, so recognized by the Governor, so dis-
charging the functions of a law-making power, !
is, in my judgment, a closed question forever. ;
And this is certainly the private opinion of Gov-
ernor Reeder himself; for in the mass of testi- !
mony, collected by the committee, (pages 1152, !
1153, and 1154,) 1 find two letters written by him
in this city last winter to a friend of his in Kan-
sas. I will read to the House an extract of one
of these, bearing date the 12th February, 1856.
It was in relation to the movements in Kansas, 1
in opposition to the territorial laws. In this let- i
ter he says:
'• As to putting a set of laws into operation in opposition
to the territorial government, my optuion is confirmed in-
stead of being shaken; my prediction* have all been verified
go far, and will be hi tile'future. We trill be, so far as le-
gality is t-onrmteiL in the wrong ; and that is no trifling mat-
ter, in so critical a stale of things, and in view of suck bloody
consequences.'" * * * * * "1 may speak my plain
and private opinion to our friends in Kansas, for it is uiy
duty. But to the public, as you will see by my published
letter, I show no divided front."
This admission covers the whole ground. In it
he distinctly asserts,and gives itas hisowncandid !
judgment, that, " so far as legality is concerned," he
and his friends were in the wrong. The truths :
acknowledged to this admission are the same
which I have been endeavoring to enforce. The
whole merits of this case turn, in the report of
the Committee of Elections, upon the simple
question of the legality of the organization of the
Legislature that passed the law under which the
sitting Delegate was elected. That, in my judg-
ment, is a closed question. That, in the private
judgment of Governor Reeder also, was a closed
question. Out of his mouth he stands condemned
in this movement.
But, Mr. Speaker, strong as these positions
are—unassailable as they are—impregnable as
they are—I do not intend to rest the argument
solely upon them. I intend to take up the report
of the committee of investigation referred to by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.J
I intend to examine it, and exhibit to this House
and the country the character of some of the facts
reported by them. I intend to examine some of
their conclusions, too. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] says, "that all the conclu-
sions as to matters of fact arrived at by the said
speeial committee are clearly and incontrovertibly
established by the testimony in the case." Now,
sir, I join issue with the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn.] 1join issue with the majority
of the Committee of Elections. 1 join issue also
with the investigating committee as to the matters
of fact arrived at by them in the conclusions to
which they come in their report; and I defy the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] or
either gentleman on the investigating committee,
or anybody else in this House or out of it, to main-
tain the correctness of the conclusions as to matters
of fact arrived at by them. I shall show that what
has been proclaimed " official proof," is nothing
but reckless assertion. The first of these conclu-
sions is in these words:
" That each election in the Territory, held under the
organic or alleged territorial law, has been carried by or-
ganized invasion from the State of Missouri, by which the
people of the Territory have been prevented from exercising
the rights secured to them by the organic law."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
WASHBCRN,]and the majority of the Committee
of Elections, assert in their report that this con-
clusion, as a matter of fact, is incontrovertibly
established by the testimony taken. I say that
the testimony taken establishes no such fact. I
say that the testimony taken establishes a fact in
direct contradiction to this statement. I say that
the evidence abundantly and conclusively estab-
lishes the fact that General "Whitfield was duly
elected by the actual and legal resident voters
of the Territory, at the election on the 29th of
November, 1854. This fact appears not only
from the testimony, but it is admitted by the com-
mittee of investigation themselves in their own
report. Then how can it be true that every
election there has been carried by an organized
invasion from Missouri.'
I will read from the document itself. Here on
page 8 is what purports to be an abstract of the
vote cast on the 29th of November, 1854, from
which it seems that Whitfield got 2,258 votes;
Plenniken 305; Wakefield, which (1 believe) was j
a mistake for Whitfield, 248, and 22 scattering. ;
These 305 for Flenniken, and 22 scattering, were j
all the votes cast against Whitfield in the entire
Territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman is entirely 1
mistaken. The abstract shows that 2,258 votes
were cast for Whitfield; 248 for Wakefield; 305 j
for Flenniken, and 22 scattering, but that 1,729 \
of those votes were illegal, and only 1,114 were 1
legal. Of the legal votes cast General Whitfield ,
had a plurality, having received 537 legal votes.
Mr. STEPHENS. I tell the gentleman I am
not mistaken; and his statement, that 1,729 of the
2,258 cast-for Whitfield were illegal, is not sus-
tained by proof. There is a wide difference '
between assertion and proof, and this table ex-
hibits the truth of this most forcibly. The table '
states that there were 1,729 illegal votes cast; but
where is the proof of the fact of these 1,729 votes
being illegal ? The table is not proof. The table
also states that there were only 1,114 legal votes
cast at that election. Where is the proof of
that? But suppose there were only 1,114 legal
votes cast. Take from that number 305 votes
cast for Flenniken, and 22 scattering, and it would
leave Whitfield elected by a large majority; or,
if the 248 for Wakefield were not intended for
Whitfield, and if all the votes for that name, and
the 327 for Flenniken, and scattering, were legal
votes, as is assumed, but without proof, then,,
Whitfield, having 537 admitted legal votes, was
duly elected, having received a greater number
than any other candidate. How, then, can it be
said that his election, in this instance, was carried
by an organized invasion from Missouri ?
But, sir, I call for the proof upon which this
exhibit of legal and illegal votes is made ! The
exhibit of Whitfield's, Wakefield's, and Flen-
niken's votes, and the scattering votes, is copied
from the official return, but the addenda touching
the legal and illegal votes, and the number of
voters under the census taken three months after,
have been put to it by the committee. It is in
their statement, not in the testimony, and I
ask for the proof to warrant it? But, even ac-
cording to the gentleman's own showing, now
made, after deducting from his count one thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-nine without
proo£ Whitfield was certainly duly elected at
that election by. the legal voters of the Territory.
Indeed, the committee of investigation say, in re-
ference to this election, on page 8 of their report:
"Of the legal votes cast, General Whitfield re-
ceived a plurality." This settles the question.
If Whitfield got a plurality of the legal votes of
the Territory, of course he was duly elected.
Now, sir, I ask the gentleman upon my right
[Mr. Washburn] to tell me, and this House,
and the country, how he and a majority of the
committee of elections can say that it is estab-
lished by " incontrovertible proof that " each elec-
i tion in the Territory, held uuder the organic or
alleged territorial law, has been carried by an
organized invasion from the State of Missouri?"
itc. This matter of fact, arrived at by the special
committee, " as clearly and incontrovertibly es-
tablished by the testimony," cannot stand a mo-
ment's handling. It falls at the first blow. It is
the first conclusion arrived at by the committee
of investigation, and incorporated in the report
of the Committee of Elections, as the foundation,
the very corner-stone of the fabric of their report
in this case. This corner-stone, sir, I knock from
under the fabric, and. the whole superstructure
must fall with it, if there be nothing more solid or
firm for it to rest upon.
But, sir, I do not intend to stop here. This
conclusion of the committee is but a sample of
all the rest. I have read the whole of this docu-
ment of one thousand two hundred and six pages,
and I assert that there is not a-single one of tire
conclusions of the committee arrived at as mat-
ters of fact, which is sustained by the testimony,
massive, voluminous, and contradictory as it is.
I repeat, however, here again, that there is not a
fact or statement contained in it, by the most
prejudiced, one-sided witness sworn, which goes
to assail or impeach in the slightest degree the
great leading facts upon which the merits of this
case rest. These are the elections held in pur-
suance of the Governor's proclamation under the
organic law—his judgment upon the returns of
the election of the members—the large majority
of both branches of the Legislature holding their
seats during their whole term under the certifi-
cates of the Governor, without a word of com-
plaint from him or anybody else—that he, as
Governor, recognized them as a legislative body
—that he did not question the legality of their
organization. The testimony of Governor Reeder
himself was taken, and none of these facts are
denied by him. No word of complaint was ever
heard about the legality of the organization of the
Legislature, or about an invasion from Missouri,
for several long months'after the election; nor
until after he was turned out of office. During
all this time, before he was removed by the Pres-
ident, the only cry heard from him, as the senti-
nel upon the watehtower of the rights of the
people of Kansas, was, "All's well!"
But, sir, I will proceed. I intend to take up
this mass of testimony, and sift it a little further,
to see how far it warrants the conclusions of the
committee touching the elections of the members
of the Legislature on the 30th of March, 1855. The
testimony is all we have anything to do with.
The conclusions of the committee are nothing.
They were not authorized to give us any of their
conclusions; and I have shown you what their
conclusions are worth, taking one as a sample.
To collect and report the facts was all they had
to do. Then, sir, what fact is sworn to b.y a
single witness, upon which the election, in a
single district, held on the 30th of March, could
be legally set aside if we were now sitting in judg-
mentupon it? The greater part of this testimony,
taken with the view to impeach the election of
30th of March, is nothing but long-wi nded stories,
as pointless as they are evidently prejudiced,
founded in many instances upon bare hearsay, and
altogether establishing nothing. The statements
of most of the witnesses are all on the same line,
speaking of an in vasion, companies of men coming
over from Missouri in hundreds, in wagons,
armed with guns, pistols, knives, &c., but not one
of them swears that a single man in the Territory, at
a single election precinct, was prevented from voting
by the use of these arms, or any other violence.
The testimony of all the witnesses sworn does
not establish the fact, that one hundred known
residents of Missouri voted in the whole Terri-
tory, or that the result at a single poll would have
been different if all the votes proven to be illegal
be rejected in the count. There were but three
or four fights throughout the Territory on the
day of the election, and not one of these about
voting. All this general vague rumor and state-
ment, therefore, about an invasion from Missouri,
and the election having been carried by fraud,
force, and violence, 1 shall pass over. To set
aside an election upon the grounds of illegal voting,
the names of the voters must be stated, and the
illegality of the votes proved. There is nothing
of this kind in this testimony. Nor is the bare
fact of illegal voting at an election sufficient to set
it aside. If this were so, there are very few of
us entitled to seats upon this floor, I suspect. To
set aside an election on such grounds, it must be
shown that the result would be different by &
rejection of the illegal votes.
I wish, however, to call the attention of the
House and the country to some real, substantial
facts collected by the committee, of much weigh-
tier import than these loose sayings of one-sided
and swift witnesses. Amongst these facts of sub-
stantial character is a copy of the census taken
in February, 1855, which is to be found com-
mencing on page 72 of the committee's report.
This census gives the name of each resident It ^al
voter in the Territory, thirty days before the
March election. It also gives tne State from
which the settler migrated. The committee do
not seem to have given much attention to the im-
portant facts disclosed by this official document.
They have made no analysis of these facts. I
have. I have counted every name on the census
roll, and noted the section of country from which
