APPENDIX TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
peaceful solution of the whole matter, and it will
be so found in the end.
The people of Kansas, I take it, are capable of
governing themselves, just as wisely, peacefully,
patriotically, and as safely, without dictation
from, or control by you, as they were in the
States from which they migrated. They lost
none of their intelligence, virtue, patriotism, or
sovereignty, I trust, by a change of residence.
They can judge better of the character of their
laws than you can. If they do not suit the wishes
of a majority of the people there, they doubtless
will be changed in due time and in a proper way.
The day for a new election, if the Senate bill is
not to pass, is near at hand. In October a new
Legislature is to be elected. Why should the
people there be encouraged to acts of revolution,
or this House be indaced to take steps leading to
revolution here, when the constitutional and
peaceful remedy of the ballot-box is so near at
hand? Why cannot all these questions be left to
the people of Kansas to fettle at their next elec-
tion Ifihe Free-Soil party are in the majority,
as yon say it is, why shrink from that test? I
question if any State in the Union has got a bet-
ter election law—one more rigidlv guarding the
free exercise of the elective franchise—than the
people of Kansas have, which is that very law
you are now about to be called upon to declare
invalid and void. Amongst other provisions, it
contains the following, which I called the atten-
tion of the House to once before on this floor:
" Sec. 24. If any person, by menaces, threats, and force,
or by any other unlawful means, either directly or indi-
rectly, attempt to Influence any qualified voter in giving
his vote, or to deter him from giving the same, or disturb or
hinder him in the free exercise of his right of suffrage, at
any election held under the laws of this Territory, the per-
son so offending shall, on conviction thereof, be adjudged
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by fine not ex
eeeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the
county jail not^xceeding one year.
" Sec. 25. Effery person who shall, at the same election,
vote more than once, either at the same or a different place,
shall, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor,
aud be punished by fine not exceeding fifty dollars, or by
imprisonment in the county jail not exceeding three months.
" Sec. 26. Every jierson not being a qualified voter ac-
cording to the organic law and the laws of this Territory,
who shall vote at any election within this Territory, know-
ing that he is not entitled to vote, shall be adjudged guilty
of a misdemeanor, and punished liy fine not exceeding fifty
dollars.
" Sec. 27. Any person who designedly gives a printed or
written ticket to any qualified voter of this Territory, con-
taining the written or printed names of persons for whom
said voter does not design to vote, fbr the purpose of caus-
ing sueh voter to poll his vote contrary to his own wishes,
shall, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor,
and punished by fine not exceeding (We hundred dollars, or
by imprisonment in the county jail not exceeding three
months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
" s*ec. 28. Any person who shall cause to be printed and
circulated, or who shall circulate, any false and fraudulent
tickets, which upon their face appear to be designed as a
fiaud upon voters, shall, upon conviction,'be punished by
fine not exceeding five hundred dollurs, or by imprisonment >
in the county jail not exceeding three months, or by both
inch fine and imprisonment. |
" This act to take effect and be in force from and after its
passage."—Chap. 52, p. 281. |
Are not these provisions ample to secure a full j
and fair expression of the popular will in the |
fthoice of those who shall make laws for them, or j
to change and alter any obnoxious ones that may
now be in force ? What objection is there to it ?.
The only one I have heard is, that another clause
denies the right of suffrage to those who may be
guilty of a violation of the fugitive slave law, and
requires a voter, on being challenged, to purge
himself by what is called the " test oath." Thisis
the provision to which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [M>. Meacham] alluded the other day, I
suppose, when he applied to it the term " scan-
dalous." But, sir, I do not see how that gentle-
man and his friends generally can object strongly
even to that feature, since their vote, two days
aj-o, upon the bill introduced by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] That bill expressly
affirms the fugitive slave law, notwithstanding
all tfiat has been said by them against it, and
their denunciations of those by whose votes it;
was passed. In order to get a restoration of the
Missouri restriction over Kansas, this side of the
House voted for this very fugitive slave law; and
nothin" but a " pair" prevented the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Meacham] from voting for
it himself. Here is a clause, for which all on this
side of the House voted:
" M proniedfuriher, That any person lawfully held to
service in any other State or Territory of the United States,
and escaping into either the Territory of Kansas or Nebraska,
may be reclaimed and removed to the person or place where
such service is due, under any law of the United States
which shall be in force upon the subject."
This is an indorsement in express terrfts of the
fugitive slave law, as it now exists upon the
statute-book, for which I say all'on this side of
the House voted a few days ago.
Mr. LEITER. I did not vote for that pro-
vision.
Mr. STEPHENS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don; he did vote against it, I believe.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The gentle-
man must make another exception. I aid not
vote for the fugitive slave provision.
Mr. STEPHENS. I believe the gentleman
did not vote at all. I intended to speak only of
those who did vote. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Leiter] is the only one on the Free-Soil
side who voted against it. All the others who >
voted at all voted for it; aiM I allude to the fact
to show that, for the purpose of accomplishing a i
favorite object, those who have been so loud in
their denunciations of this law have been willing |
to give it their sanction. Even the senior gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] who some time
ago arraigned his colleague, [Mr. Campbell,] the
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,
for bringing forward a bill containing items of
appropriation to pay officers for the discharge of
their duty in the execution of this law, has, by
his vote, not only sanctioned its constitutionality,
but the propriety of its enforcement.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow me to ask him a .question ? I un-
derstand he is in favor of the fugitive slave law;
but I ask him whether he voted for the fugitive
slave law to which he alludes, the other day ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then the gentleman and I
disagree.
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, we disagree in many
things, but not on that point in that bill, if the
gentleman was really in favor of what he voted
for. The gentleman voted for the bill, I suppose,
notwithstanding it contained the fugitive slave
clause, because it contained an arbitrary and ab-
solute restriction upon the free will of the free ichile
men in Kansas. It was upon that point we dis-
agreed. The fugitive slave Jaw is already in
force in that Territory by the original Kansas
bill, for which I voted. But how can that gen-
tleman and others, who gave the vote they did
the other day, ever hereafter raise their voices
against the constitutionality of this law, and in
denunciation of those who voted for it in 1850 ?
I recollect a member from Michigan, (Mr. Buel,)
who was literally run down in his State for voting
for it at that time. Pictures were got up, I was
told, representing him with a slaveholder in
pursuit of his fugitives. He was beaten before
the people in his election for giving that vote.
Perhaps some one who aided in that defeat is
present. If so, and if he was in his place and
voted two days ago, he reaffirmed by his vote
the very same law. Let this be made known to
his constituents. It is but due to the character
and worth of a noble and true man, who fell a
victim to the Moloch of party in the discharge
of a public duty, and in the maintenance of his
constitutional obligations.
But, sir, the point I was on is this: How can
gentlemen raise such objections to that feature in
the Kansas election law, which denies the right of
suffrage to those who are guilty of a violation of
a statute of the-United States, which they, by
their votes, have affirmed shall subject them to
the pains and penalties of felony? Crimes of
i certain grades, in many of the States, deprive
men of the right of voting. Why may not felony
in Kansas be a disqualification as well as any-
where else? Why not leave this matter to a
majority of the honest people in the Territory to
settle for themselves at the next election ? The
' reason, sir, is obvious. The party to which I
have alluded are opposed to the principle of the
people in each State and community attendingto
their own internal affairs, and of allowing those
in other States and communities to do the same.
All our American systems rest upon this princi-
ple; yet they are opposed to it. Men in Massa-
chusetts, New York, and Ohio, are not content
with looking after the well-being of their own
States, but they wish to set themselves up as
supervisors, legislators, and rulers of the people
in other places beyond their jurisdiction. And'
these are the men who are so constantly prating
about the slave power—its aggressions, its inso-
lence, and its dictation. When, sir—when did the
slave power ever assume such insolence, put on
J such arrogance, use such dictation, or claim such
| prerogatives, as this class of men do in this
| instance? When did southern statesmen ever
J seek to impose their institutions upon any other
State or Territory? I know it is said that they
'hav£ endeavored to extend slavery by Congress.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. CumbackI
the other day said the object of the Kansas bill
was to make Kansas a slave State by act of Con-
gress. No such thing, sir. The object of the
Kansas bill was neither to make it a slave State
; nor a free State; but, after taking off the restric-
tion of 1820, to leave that matter without any
interference, dictation, or control on the part of
Congress to the people there to settle for them-
selves, subject only .to the Constitution of the
! United Sta.tes. The object is clcarly set forth in
1 the bill itself. Here are its words:
I " That the Constitution and all laws of the United States,
I which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
| force and effect in the said Territory of Kansas as elsewhere
' within the United States, except the eighth section of the
'Act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into the
j Union,' approved March 6,1820, which, being inconsistent
I with the principle of non intervention by Congress with
i slavery in the States and Territories, as recognized by the
legislation of 1850, commonly called Uie compromise meas-
ures, is hereby declared inoperative and void ; it being the
true intent and meaning Of this act not to legislate slavery
into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but
to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
The difference between southern statesmen and
northern Free-Soilers upon this subject is, that
the former are willing, and ever have been, to
leave the question of the domestic institutions in
the new States to the people to settle for them-
selves; while the latter are seeking to mold and
fashion them according to their peculiar preju-
, dices. All that the South asked in the annexa-
I tion of Texas, and all the guarantee she got was,
simply, that the people in certain States, hereafter
uto be formed out of Texas, might come into the
Union either with or without slavery, as the peo-
ple may determine for themselves. This- is what
Free-Soiiei*«allan aggression of the slave power.
We at the South consider it nothing but the es-
tablishment of the great principle of -eelf-govern-
ment which was the germ of the American Revo-
lution. Free-Soilers hold the position towards
the Territories and new States, which Lord North
and his ministry in the British Parliament did,
towards the colonies. He and they, in adhering
! i to their policy of governing the colonies in all
I cases whatsoever, severed one empire. It may
i i be that their imitators on this continent, by pur-
' suing a similar policy, may sever a far more glo-
! rious, prosperous, and happy Confederacy of
; States. Southern statesmen on this question Oc-
cupy the grounds of the old Whigs, the old Dem-
; oorats, and the old Republicans, of the days of
; the Revolution. They say it is not only unjust,
'i but anti-republican, for the Representatives on
this floor from the various States of the Union,
to attempt, arbitrarily, to impose laws and insti-
f tutionsupon the people of the distant Territories,
i"who have no representation by votes upon this
floor.
When I addressed this House some time ago,
I called attention to some remarks made by Mr.
John Q,uincy Adams, at Pittsburg, in November,
1843, upon the subject of abolishing slavery in
this District. These remarks are pertinent to the
present question. His anti-slavery sentiments
were quite as strong, perhaps, as those of any
man now present; but he was opposed to the
abolition of slavery in this District by Congress,
because it-was anti-republican. These are ni 
^"to the abolition of slavery in the "^Cr°!IUal^e
bia, I have said that I was opposed to it n * S|a erv in
any douhts of the power of Congress to alvol^i slavery in
the District, for I have n^e. B^I.^ ^ ofQne
&£fwtT CTope^U
, their conseni."
Mr. Adams said it was a " violation of rep Mean
