1078
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
the acts and records of theapostate party of which
he was a prominent member.
Mr. Chairman, if any human records of the past
can be relied on as proof of any event of the past,
then the proof, that the bond of our American
Union, prior to, and during the revolutionary
■war, was an irrepressible love of personal free-
dom, as one of the inherent, indestructible rights
of all human beings unconvicted of crime, is clear.
And, sir, I declare it here, as the truth of history,
that, so long as this great truth was cherished,
and practically recognized by the Federal Gov-
ernment, in all matters within the legitimate cog-
nizance of its several departments, there was
never manifested any dangerous indication of
disloyalty to the Union. No, sir, disunion is the
whelp of the spirit of slavery propagandism; and
Bince thai evil spirit has possessed southern poli-
ticians, and their alliance has been perfected with
our northern slave Democracy, there has been no
peace for the Union; and, in the providence of
Grod, there never can, and never ought to be, any
" peace to the wicked," either in union, or out
of it.
But, Mr. Chairman, having proven the allied
forces of the slavery propagandist of the South
and the slave Democracy of the free States to be
hostile to the only enduring element of union,
liberty ! as received and understood by our fathers
" in the times that tried men's souls," 1 proceed
now to show, that the same allies are equally hos-
tile to the same essential element of union under
the Constitution of the United States. Mr. Chair-
man, I first call the attention of the committee to
the preamble to the Constitution. Hear it:
people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution for the United States of America." '
Then, Mr. Chairman, whoever, after reading
-that declaration of the objects and purposes for
■which the Constitution of the United States was
framed and adopted by the people of the United
States, shall assert that the extension and per-
petuation of slavery, or the exaltation of slavery
. into a "domestic institution," to be placed side
by side with the institution of husband and wife,
and of parent and child, &c., as is attempted by
the slave Democracy in and by the Nebraska bill,
. and as is asserted in every alternate breath by
each slaveholder and slave Democrat in Congress
and out of it—I say, sir, every such person
charges the men who framed, and the people who
adopted, the Constitution, with deliberate and
wicked lying, or else with a stupidity so nearly
absolute as to relieve them of moral responsibility
for what they did assert.
Our fathers set this -preamble at the threshold
of .the Constitution as a lamp, as well to dispel
darkness from the minds of those who should
attempt to enter this great edifice of free Govern-
ment, as to cast its cheering light through all the
compartments of that edifice. They did it, that
whoever might hope to find in the Constitution a
guarantee of slavery, or any form of injustice,
might, at the commencement of his search, meet
only " liberty and justice." It was done to take
all excuse from that perverse ingenuity which,
from the infirmities of human language, might
attempt to use the Constitution as the slave L)e-
■ pocracyin Congress, and out,of it, are now using
ll  v*z: as an instrument for' the extension of
. .slavery into free territory,, and as a justification
of their pretense, that the Constitution proprio
vtgore, carries slavery into all the Territories of
the United States; or that slavery and liberty are
twin brethren, and must be brought, as such,
simultaneously into the Union, or not be born at
all; or that other piece of stupidity or perverse-
ness, that the Territories are the common prop-
erty of the people of all the States, and therefore
the slaveholder has the right to enter all or any
of the Federal Territories with his slaves; or that
other, and last for the present, assertion, that
there exists a certain equality among all the
States, which authorizes the people of the slave
States to take their slaves, as property, into the
Territories, but does not authorize the people
of the free States to enter the Territories and
exclude slavery therefrom—a sort of equality
of States, which warrants the establishment of
nuisances and social curses in the Territories,
but takes from the people the power to abate such
nuisances.
Another design of the preamble to the Consti-
tution was to enable the people to detect that
class of demagogues who, under the cloak of de-
votion to the Union, are trying to force or cheat
the people of the free States into carrying the
flag and keeping step to the music of " the coffle
gang," as it pursues its dead march from the old
and slave-cursed States, to make its halt in the
now free territories, there to leave forever the
mildew of its blighting nature.
But the preamble to the Constitution is not the
Constitution. This must speak with its own
voice, but it must nevertheless speak in the spirit
of its preamble, otherwise both preamble and
Constitution are a hypocrisy and a delusion. The
Constitution, as framed by the convention, gave
no power to any Department of the Government
to make a slave of a free man, or to convert free
territory into slave territory. The Federal Gov-
ernment, under the Constitution, prior to the
amendments, was utterly impotent, either to make
or hold a slave, or to give authority to others to
make or hold slaves. The unamended Constitu-
tion was precisely that, neither more nor less
than its authors made it; but they did not make
it a slave Constitution. They did not omit a
clause in that instrument authorizing slave-hold-
ing by accident, but by design. Mr. Madison,
one of the chief artificers of the Constitution,
assures us that they did not intend that the Con-
stitution should even disclose the shameful fact,
that there existed such a crime and disgrace in
the United States as slavery.
But to " make assurance doubly sure," and as
it were, " to take a bond of fate," those great
and good men, for the vindication of their o~wn
fame as the friends of liberty and justice, and
jealous lest, through the degeneracy of after
times, and almost as if foreseeing the apostacy
of the slave Democracy of the present day, im-
mediately on the adoption of the Constitution, as
framed by the convention, the first Congress as-
sembled under it, proposed divers amendments,
the chief objects of which were to negative all
power in Congress, which bad men might claim
to be implied in the original Constitution, to make
oppr^stve laws, or to wrest from men their in-
alienable rights.
First amendment.—" Congress shall make no law abridg-
ing the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right of the
people peaceably to assemble and to petition the Govern-
ment for a redress of grievances."
Mr. Chairman, it is very true that this prohibi-
tion against violating the freedom of speech and
the press by Congress does not affect the States
as such, and consequently the freedom of speech
and the press in the States must depend on State
laws; but there is not a slave State in the Union,
with the exception, perhaps, of Delaware, where
this great fundamental element of civil liberty, either
practically, by licensed mobbing, or by State laws,
is not utterly annihilated. The principle of slavery,
viz: property in man, will not bear discussion;
neither uare it " come to the light, lest its deeds
should be reproved." But the discussion of the
right to property in " the beasts of the field and
the fowls of the air," in the earth, and the pro-
ducts of the earth, the air and the waters, are as
freely discussed in slave States as in free States.
The reason for this is too obvious to require illus-
tration. But apropos of this, we have all heai-d of
the celebrated laws of the bogus Legislature of
Kansas for the protection of property in slaves. If
not, the masterly speech of my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Colfax] will throw abundant light
on these pandects of Atchison, Stringfellow, Shan-
non, and company. But super-fiendish as are
these infamous acts in the form of laws against
the great right of free speech and A free press, we
ha ve, nevertheless, the assurance of a Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] that the Kansas laws
are by no means peculiar; but are such as are usual
and necessary in the slave States. In alluding to
these Kansas laws, he says:
" They have passed just such laws—not perhaps exactly
in the language, but substantially the same—as the States
maintaining the institution of slavery have found it neces-
sary to pass to sustain their rights. In the State in which
I have the honor to live,, we prohibit .the circulation of
incendiary pamphlets, as they are called, which mean
nothing more nor less than the language objected to and
provided against in this act. Men are punished for it; so
in nearly all the States where the institution of slavery
exists. The mistake which is made here is in reference to
the question which i have already called to the attention
of the Senate. These people have acted in conforunt) with
the provisions of the act ot Congress."
Second amendment.—" The right of the people to keep
and bear arms shall not be infringed."
In this amendment the same Spirit of Liberty
is developed as was so apparent in the preceding.
The right to " keep and bear arms" is thus guar-
antied, in order that, if the liberties of the people
should be assailed, the means for their defense
j should be in their own hands.
I But this right of the people of the United States,
' of which the free-State settlers of Kansas are a
part, has been torn from them by the treasonable
violence of this ill-starred Administration, which
is used as the mere pack mule of the slave Democ-
racy.
fourth amendment.—" The right of the people to be secure
in their persons, houses,papers, and effects, against unrea-
sonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated ; and
no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause, supported
by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place
to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."
In utter contempt of this clause of the Consti-
tution, this guilty Administration, by its less
guilty tools in Kansas, has been sacking cities,
burning houses, and carrying desolation, murder,
and rapine over that fair Territory.
Fifth amendment.—" No person shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, withoutdue process of law."
It should be always borne in mind, that the
Constitution of the United States was intended,
first, to confer power on the Government of the
United States; second, to limit the power thus
conferred; and third, to withdraw certain powers
from the individual States.
Nowhere in the Constitution of the United
States is the word "slave "used. Wherever in the
i Constitution slaves are alluded to, or rather, are
! supposed to be alluded to, they are not named as
■ slaves, but as persons, just as all the people, indi-
I vidualTy, are included in the term "persons," in
I the fifth amendment above quoted. Mr. Madison,
called the father of the Constitution, informs us
that the banishment of the term "slave" from the
text of the Constitution, was not the result of
accident, but was done purposely, and with the
intention of excluding the idea, that man can
hold his fellow-man as property, the affirmative
of which would be implied in the term " slave."
Mr. Chairman, if the framers of the Constitu-
tion cast the word " slave," are a reprobate, out ot
the Constitution, because its definition is " a man
held as property," how dare our bogus Demo-
crats and slaveholders interpolate that venerated
instrument with the execrable term.' No, sir;
the argument is irresistible, that wherever the
authority of the United States, in any of its de-
partments, whether legislative, executive, or judi-
cial, is invoked to interfere against a "person"
| held as a slave by the laws of any State, the
United States must treat such slave as a person;
and if such person's " life, liberty, or property"
may be brought in jeopardy by authority of the
U«ited States, that " person, however humble,
however bruised or trodden under foot by other
States or other nations, is entitled to " due pro-
cess of law," which, by the common consent of
all—whether slaveholders, slave Democrats, or
Republicans—is admitted to be a " trial by jury,
according to the course of the common law."
Thus, sir, the thrice-execrable "fugitive slave
law," with its catchpole bevy of slave-hunting
i commissioners and deputy marshals, becomes a
nullity and a nuisance—the villanous concoction
of slaveholding usurpation and doughfaced sub-
serviency—and dissolves like stubble before the
devouring fire.
Now, sir, 1 flatter myself thfit I have vindicated
the memory and the fame of our fathers who be-
queathed to us a Constitution based on justice—
a Union knit and held together by the gentle,
, genial, humanizing Spirit of God-given, and God-
; honoring freedom. I have proven by facts and
jj arguments which no sophistry can overthrow,
that the spirit which created the Constitution and
the Union, was the love of personal liberty under
just and humane law. The same spirit which
created must preserve the^ Constitution and the
Union; but the spirit which has taken posses-
