1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—Mr. Broom.
Ho. op Reps.
even the street loafers, the purpose of which has
not been to conceal or justify their breach of the
nation's plighted faith, and to shelter themselves
from the storm of public odium and contempt, for
their treason to the Constitution and laws of their
country, as well as to their own professed princi- i
pies of "squatter sovereignty," by cursing the !
"New England Emigrant Aid Society, "by "bell, 1
book, and candle." The slave Democratic press,
at the four cardinal and all intermediate points, !
lias groaned with these execrations. I
But when thus insultingly challenged to prove
their superiority in wealth, intelligence, and enter-
prise, (it they possess them,) by taking an even
chance with the slave States in the peaceful col-
onization of Kansas; and when fairly beaten in
the trial, as the slave States have been, it is not
only unreasonable, but it is infamous, to turn upon
your successful competitors, and charge them
with foul play; and not only so, but to resort !
yourselves to the foulest, most infamous, and
treasonable measures, to recover what you had
lostin the field of open and fair competition. And,
sir, I charge the elave Democracy with all the
mischiefs (anil God knows they are but too nu-
merous) which have already resulted, and which,
in the dark and stormy future, may result, from
this shameless breach of public faith, in the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, in order to
force the institution of slavery on territory ded-
icated to freedom for more than the third of a
century. Sir, to talk of acquiescence now, in
this breach of plighted faith; and this still more
aggravated offense of expelling, by the Army of
the United Slates, peaceable and innocent emi-
grants to a Territory to which the slave Democ-
racy had invited them, is a manifestation of
weakness and cowardice which must and will
only invite renewed aggressions. In point of
morals it is as culpable, and in point of policy,
more imbecile, if possible, than that which threw
open the Territories to the influx of slavery.
A few words in conclusion, Mr. Chairman, to
those political adventurers, patriots, doughfaces,
or what not, from the free Slates who, at this
day, attach themselves to the fortunes of the slave
Democracy, or to slavery propagandists of any
school. 1 would very respectfully ask of those
fentlemen, whether, as a political investment,
arring wear and tear of conscience, the business
of extending human slavery, and cribbing and j
confining human liberty, has not, of late, been
rather overdone by the rush of political adven-
turers into this field of speculation?—whether the
compensation is adequate to the excessive labor
required in this kind of service? Formerly, before
slavery extension became the mairr business of
the holders of office in the Government, the Pres-
ident and his Cabinet might hold out sound and
strong for at least eigh t years, and subordinate offi-
cers indefinitely. But now, since the extension of
slavery into free territory has become almost the
sole business of the officers of the Federal Gov-
ernment, from the President downwards, so ex-
cessive and exhausting is the service exacted of
its servants by the slave Democracy, that in one
or two years at the longest, these officers become
so worn down and fagged out, that the people are
as anxious to be rid of them as a cleanly house-
Wife would to be clear of a gang of strolling beg-
gars, infected with measles, small-pox, or vermin.
Mr. Ohairman, mankind in general intuitively
despise traitors. They do this, even though they
may love the treason, or its fruits. This, sir, is
a law of our moral n-.iture, all-pervading, and in-
dispensable in the present condition of humanity.
This law of our moral being, addressing itself to
one of the most powerful affections of our nature,
the love of approbation, serves as one of the strong-
est. checks from universal treachery to those to
whom we are under moral obligations alone. So
strong is the hold which this law takes of men,
controlled by no " higher law," that when the
traitor returns to receive applause from those who
reap the fruits of his treason, the applause he
covets is often turned to loathing and unsup-
pressed disgust. Milton, sir,, with his luxuriant
imagination, has described the force of this sen-
timent, in his description of the reception of Satan
by his subject fiends, on his return from the ruin
of our lirst parents. Satan is described as ad-
dressing, with regal poaip, the infernal Sanhedrim,
and giving them a narration of his adventures in
Paradise, and his triumph, and its consequents
at some unset period:
" X am to bruise his heel;
His seed (when is not set) shall bruise my bead.
A world, who would not purchase with a bruise,
Or much more grievous pain ? Ye have th* account.
Of my performance : what remains, ye gods,—
But tip, and enter now into full bliss !
So having said, awhile lie stood expecting
Their universal shout and high applause
To fill his ear; when, contrary, he hears
On all sides, from innumerable tongues,
A dismal, universal hiss, the sound
Of public scorn."
 " Thus was th' applause they meant
Turned to exploding hiss, triumph to shame,
Cast on themselves from their own mouths.''
It seems to me, sir, that if gentlemen from
the free States, who have been candidates or
aspirants for the Presidency, or who may become
such hereafter, would reflect a little upon the
fortunes of those who have tried the experiment,
cannot but be convinced that a too eager subserv-
iency to the interests of the slavery extensionists
is not the surest guarantee of success. Such
subserviency is treachery to the interests of
the people of the free States, and the people of
those States, see and understand this, much more
j clearly than those time-servers and tricksters
; imagine. No man at the North, however great
his administrative talent, or however triumphant
his popularity for the time, can be guilty of an
open betrayal ^>f the interest of freedom, on any
pretense, however plausible, without a ruinous
blow to his popularity with his free-State con-
stituency. There are too many common schools,
too many newspapers read, too many intelligent
and well-read men among -the laboring masses,
not to render a double-dealing and ruinous policy
on the question of slavery extension, fatal to the
aspirationsof such politicians. The living wrecks
of such navigators, are too numerously strewed
' along the beach of the political sea, not to be a
warning to the whole crew, officers as well as
mariners. It would be discourteous in me to
name them; but I would invite you to run over,
1 in your mind, the number of such unfortunates
since 1844, inclusive. The task of Sisyphus
was a hard one; but the task of a dough-face,
seeking the Presidency,is little, if any,less oner-
ous. if he makes shift to roll his stone up the
slave-State side of the hill, down it rolls on the
free-State side; and so vice versa.
If his truckling to the slave power has fitted
him for the use of the slavery propagandists, he
is ruined with the friends of freedom; and if
ruined with -theseythe Slaveholders cannot use
him, however much they may desire to do so.
This is now the case with the present incumbent
of the presidential office. It is the case with every
prominent free-State aspirant to that office in the
ranks of the slave Democracy, or of the national
Americans, as they ironically style themselves;
and " killed by an overdose of slavery propagand-
ism," may be justly written over the political
graves of each of them, as a most truthful and
appropriate epitaph. Let all politicians of un-
cracked reputation in the free States be warned
by these examples, and remember the reception
of Satan even among his own fallen crew; for the
reception of the pro-slavery politician of the free
States, with his slaveholding friends, is as real
an ordination of Providence, in the course of
nature, as are the hisses With' which Satan was
received by his fallen crew, according to the
paintings of the poet's imagination, in the special
awards of Divine justice.
DEFENSE OP AMERICANISM.
SPEECH OF HON. JACOB BROOM,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
Jhtgust 4, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BROOM said: For a long time, sir, I have
been in hopes that an opportunity would occur
to enable me to meet the charges and denuncia-
tions against the A meriean organization, that have
been uttered on this floor since the commence-
ment of the present session; and although zealous
in my determination to do so, I have, neverthe-
less, not wished to intrude upon that time of the
House more'appropriately belonging to its legiti-
mate business—which time, I regret to say, lias
been almost entirely consumed in a fruitless dis-
cussion of the slavery question. Into that ques-
tion, sir, I have made it a point heretofore not to
be drawn; nor shall I now enter into aconsidera-
tion of its merits. But I may remark, in passing,
that this evil has spread its influence over the
whole extent of our land. Instead of allaying the
excitement existing among the people of this
nation, it has but tended to enlarge the breach,
and more widely to separate them.
I have looked on both contending sides as being
more or less in error—an error which I hope
reflection and reason will teach them in the future
to correct. The main error,it occurs to me, exists
on the part of the North in preferring the charge
against the South of having brought this evil on
the country by its abrogation of the Missouri
compromise. It stands upon the record of the
country that that measure was supported by
northern Democrats, adopted by anorthern Presi-
dent, and forced upon the nation in a partisan spirit.
It is shown further, by the record of the House,
that when that measure—the Kansas-Nebraska
bill—came up, the best spirits of the South joined
in opposing its passage here and in the Senate;
and their speeches were quite as full, earnest,
and vigorous, in opposition to the measure, as
were those of the northern men who were in the
House at that time. Correct this evil—the error
of making this charge against the South—and you
heal, in a great measure, the bitterness which an
unfounded charge has engendered on the part of
southern members.
Mr. MATTESON.^ I understand the gentle-
mari from Pennsylvania to say that the repeal of
the Missouri compromise was an act proposed by
the North ?
Mr. BROOM. I have said that Democrats of
tlfe North supported the measure as a part of the
policy of the Administration.
Mr. MATTESON. I wish to say this: I
believe the record shows that the distinct repeal
of the Missouri compromise was proposed by a
southern man—Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky—and
not by a northern man.
Mr. BROOM. I shall have to request the
members.of the committee to hear me. If they
h&Ve anythTttg to propound to me, I shall thank
them to do it after I nave got through the coursi
of my argument. I do not want to be interrupted.
I will answer the gentleman from New York,
that it matters not by what individual it was pro-
posed, whether he was from the North or the
South. It was voted for and sustained by Demo-
crats, North and South, and opposed and voted
against by national men from both quarters. I
care not where it was concocted. I speak of the
! spirit of the southern members on this floor, who
! opposed it in vigorous and able speeches, and
■ who struggled manfully against it—which is more
, than I can say for some of the northern Dem-
| ocrats. I place the fault at the door where it be-
j longs; but I do not wish to be drawn into this
! discussion. I will merely observe, however, that
I I took up a paper, only to-day, in which I read
an extract from a speech of the distinguished Sen-
1 ator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] who says:
| "Where is that Democracy to-day ? Swallowed up in
; unmitigated squatter sovereignty — in sectional bickering
> and disputes—in disregarding compact* between the differeiU
1 sectiom of the Union—the repeal of which has led to insur-
! rection ill Kansas."
Such, sir, is still the view of national southern
; men on this subject; and instead of bringing these
i unfounded charges against the South, had north-
ern men met those southern men, who had op-
! posed the measure, as brethren of the common
nation, and consulted with th£m upon a remedy,
mischief might not have arisen. But it is done
now, and I know not what we can do to repair it.
•Having noticed that error, I pa®8 n.ow to
subject on which I intended more particularly to
address the committee. It will De recollected
that, on the 5th of January last, in this House, I
j made an appeal to those who had^ been elected
as Amerioaps to come to the organization of the
I House on the ba*is on which the majority of it*
