1084
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 4,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—Mr. Broom.
Ho. of Reps.
temporal power, grasping at the reins of all civil
and ecclesiastical government on earth.
But to proceed. Heathen Rome, so called, had
acquired universal power over nations; and as
Rome was claimed to be the queen of cities, so
the head of the Church there established conceived
the idea of his being king of bishops throughout
the extent of the Roman possessions. Rome
fell—her glory departed—her strength decayed.
The reins of its temporal government were grasped
by the king of bishops, whose pretensions and
usurpation* were supported by the entire priest-
hood. The throne of Caesar became the seat of
the "universal bishop," and the most cunning
and vigorous means were exercised to rivet and
extend the power of the Church. But Rome had
rival Powers with which she shared her usurped
authorities, until the apostacy of Constantinople
and the invasion of Alexandria and Antioch by
Mahomet, and the consequent downfall of their
bishoprics. No longer trammeled by the inter-
ference of any temporal power, the Church there
established at once assumed all authority, tem-
poral and spiritual, over the affairs of her people,
and sought to confirm it by securing the acquies-
cence of surrounding princes. . They were inse-
cure in their own seats, and gladly accepted her
proposition to extend to them strength and sup-
port, even on the condition of their adherence to
the Church. By such means was her spiritual
authority first established, until, by the edicts of
TJieodosius II., and Valentinian 111., the bishop
Of Rome was proclaimed " ruler of the whole
Church." The acquisition of the Vandals, Visi-
goths, and the barbarians of the West, vastly ex-
tended her spiritual sway; and she became em-
boldened to make the effort to drive the Greek
emperors from Italy—they who were the lawful
sovereigns of the country. But dangers beset her
from the Arabs, who threatened to light upon the
seven hills and supplant her authority by Ma-
hometanism. Aided and protected in the nour of
her danger by Pepin, her power was in return
extended to establish him in his own usurped
authority over the Pranks—and he also bound
himself to the defense of "The Republic of
God."
Until the time of Gregory VII., the temporal
power of the Pope was but in embryo. He sought j
energetically to establish it. Rome was to be en- j
tirely liberated and supreme. Subjection to tem-
poral monarchs he considered incompatible with
the divine rights of the Pope. The arrogant pre- i
tensions of kings and princes to rule over the I
subjects of God were to be trampled under foot.
Rome had been once all powerful under empe-
rors; it could and should be so again as papal
Rome; and under his administration, and that of
his successors, it was made so throughout the
entire dominions of the Church Says D'Au-
bigng, (vol. 1, p. *25:)
" Thus everything was changed in the Church. At the
beginning it was a society of brethren, and now an absolute
monarchy is reared in the midst of them. All Christians
were priests of the living God, with humhle pastors lor'heir
guidance. But a lofty head is uplifted from the midst of these
pastors; a mysterious voice utters words full of pride; an
iron hand compels all men, small and great, rich nnd poor,
•jfeemcn and staves, to take the mark of its power." * * * *
Every tribe, language, and nation of Christendom, submit-
ted to the dominion of this spiritual king, who had received
power to overcome."
Such, sir, is the view taken by D'AubignS.
ouch the view of other able writers; and 1 have
u"e r^on l^e subject, more particularly as to
the political character of that body, because, sir,
that is the question which has yet, sooner or
later, to be met on this soil. Past history narrates
to us the scenes through which Crusaders have
Wi v ii R'most knee-deep in blood to sustain and
uphbld the temporal power of that Church. We
know what has been the action of the Jesuits
of Rome in the different nations of Europe. Thev
have carried their warfare, upon the system of
hberal education, through Russia,Germany, Hol-
land, England, Switzerland, and other nations,
and at one time came near overthrowing even the
powerful autocracy of Russia by the blows which
they aimed at the educational system of that
nation, and their attempt to instill their peculiar
doctrine of Church supremacy in the minds of the
youth of the land. Therefore, I say that 1 have
dwelt on this subject more particularly, because
1 believe the dbctrine of Ghorch and State is the
question vkich will have to be met before many
years shall have passed over the heads of this
too confiding people; for it is apparent that the
same spirit of opposition to republican education
is actively at work on our shores, and, unless
checked, must end in conflict.
But the Papal power dare not yet assume upon
our shores a position in temporal authority, nor
to issue an edict openly against the power of our
Federal Constitution. Yet the dogmas of the
Church, including that of the spiritual supremacy,
belong to the Church, are made partofit, and exist
wherever the Church exists, although in many
instances " inconvenient to be exercised;" as I
trust, through the patriotism of American freemen,
it shall be ever so found upon the soil of their
birth.
But if this power cannot conveniently be openly
exercised, it maybe, has been,and is, insidiously
exerted upon the civil affairs of our nation, and
directed against the most vital and important prin-
ciples of our Republic. It is not to be found,
sir, in the devotion of the pious Catholic at the
altar of his God, nor in the last solemn rite ad-
ministered to the fading and departing spirit. It
is not in the spiritual, hut in the temporal side of
the Church, and therein has been displayed for
years past the entire incompatibility between the
Roman hierarchy and our Republican Govern-
ment. The system of American education, at once
the basis and pillar of American freedom, is an-
tagonistical to the settled doctrine of the Church,
which—although denied by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Chandler)—is
displayed in the whole history of the Church from
its very commencement, through all ages, to the
present time, and lias been, since the speech of
the honorable gentleman, avowed by a distin-
guished Catholic lecturer in the United States,
the Dublin Tablet, a Roman Catholic newspaper,
and the Boston Pilot, which every one know^ for
its zeal to the real interests of the Church. And
here let me remark, in passing, that I am not dis-
posed to persecute foreign Catholics for striving,
under their colors, to advance the interest and
powerof their Church; and I am sure that therein
I speak the sentiments of those who avow them-
selves Americans in a political sense. It is but
natural to them—they do but regard it as the ful-
fillment of a sacred duty; and I would to Heaven
that a like sense of duty would touch the hearts
of all the American born, at least sufficiently to
lead them to mark the current events of the age,
and to considerations of safety to their country,
against all contingencies of danger.
The people of the United States, sir, are not a
Roman Catholic people, nor were they ever so;
and therefore, in the formation of our Govern-
ment, and in the adoption of laws by which, as a
nation, we exist, the question of their incompat-
ibility with Romish doctrines was never per-
mitted to arise. I say, sir, that, in the original
foundation of this Government, our fathers were
not moved by considerations favorable to the
Roman Catholic dogmas, nor is it right or proper
that such considerations should now be tolerated
in the establishment of an educational system,
whereby to prepare the youth of ourGovernment,
by intelligence and patriotism, to uphold and sus-
tain the institutions of freedom. This, I con-
tend, is true Demr craticdoctrinc. Our Republic
is a Democratic Republic, as established by oar
fathers, and those who would now yield to that
against which those sages carefully guarded, is
not a Democrat, however loudly he may arrogate
to himself the title and belief.
The current history of our States fully develop j
the action of the active but invisible hierarchy.
The power at Rome commands the whole ma-
chinery under the long established laws and usages
of the Church. A priesthood almost entirely for-
eign by birth and education, are planted on our
soil to fulfill their duties of rigid obedience to
that power, and into the secrets of which it would ,
be highly impolitic on its part to admit the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, or any other 1
patriotic native of the American soil, who, I be-
lieve, would fight for their country rather than
for the Church in a struggle or conflict between
the two. The Church is undivided on the politi-
cal affairs of this nation; they are together as a ,
unit, and, through the means of party, seek to I.
impair, if not to destroy, the public school system
of the States, by legislating a division of the school
fund for sectarian purposes. Let that be once
destroyed, sir, and the power and strength ot
this Republic will fade away to imbecility, and
.clouds of portentous evil will cast their gioomy
shade upon the present brightness of republican
freedon.
H I shall not have time, sir, to exhibit fully the
: systematic efforts which have been made, in that
' respect, by the Roman power on this continent,
ana especially in this country. The course of
legislation which they have incessantly sought,
through State Legislatures, particularly for a divis-
ion of the fund raised by taxation for the support
of the American school system, is sufficiently
manifest on the journals of those bodies. Their
object has been avowed. It is for separate Catho-
lic schools—a step which, if successful, would
clearly contravene the spirit and letter of constitu-
tionallimitations. In this movement, the " Bishop
of New York " has taken a prominent part, and
even a Catholic ticket for the Legislature of that
j State, as I have before shown, was determined
' on. The same object was aimed at in the Mc-
Clintock bill introduced lately in the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania. They have also sought
appropriations of money for convents and other
Catholic institutions—such as " the Sisters of
Mercy" in Pennsylvania, which, I am informed,
Cassed through one branch of the Legislature,
ut was defeated in the other.
But, sir, if there exists a doubt on this subject,
I think it must be instantly expelled in the mind
ofhim who will calmly and dispassionately peruse
the letter of Bishop Phelan to the Attorney Gen-
eral of Upper Canada. If, then, he shall not be
convinced of priestly interference in politics, and
of the settled purpose and design of that Church
to destroy unison of public education, I cannot
conceive to what extent he may desire to have it
shown. Here is the letter, h powerful confirma-
tion of the action of that Roman power every-
where;
Kingston, Jlpril II, 1855.
Honorable Sir: Although you have informed me in
your last letter that it is, and always was, your object to
enable the Catholics of Upper Canada to "educate their
youth in their own way, it does not appear, however, that
you intend making, at tfiis session, any of the amendments
to the present school act which you require me to commu-
nicate in writing to you. If this be the case, what was the
use of asking me for my views on the subject of the sepa-
rate schools ? 1 am aware of your difficulties on this point;
the chief superintendent of schools of Canada West es-
pecially being opposed to any measure that would be favor-
able to our separate school, and consequently determined,
if possible, to prevent the amendments we require. But i
trust neither you nor the Ministry will be prevented from
doing us justice by your allowing us the same rights and
privileges for our separate schools as are gi anted to the
Catholics of Lower Canada. If this be done at the present
session, we will have no reason tocomplain ; and the odimn
thrown upon you for being controlled by Dr. Ryereon will
be effectually removed.
1 f, on the contrary, the voice of rftir opponents upon the
subject of separate schools is more attended to and re-
spected than the voice of the Catholic bishops, the clergy,
and nearly two hundred thousand of her Majesty's loyal
Catholic subjects, claiming justice for the education of their
youth, surely the Ministry that refuses us such rights can-
not blame us for being displeased Willi them, and conse-
quently for being determined to use every constitutional
means in our power to prevent their future return to Par-
liament. This, of course, will be the disagreeable alterna-
tive to which we shall be obliged to have recourse, if fuH
justice be not done us with regard to our separate schools.
I have the honor to be, honorable sir, vonr most obedient
servant, f PATRICK, Bishop ef Carrho.
It has been abundantly shown that the emis-
saries of the Roman pontiff are intensely hostile
to all systems of liberal education. And yet we
have witnessed them, even during the manifest-
ation of their hostility, bowing obsequiously to
party for nomination for school directors. For
what purpose, sir, have they sought to obtain
this control? It certainly will not be contended,
in the face of historical facts, that their purpose
was to promote republican education, ana to lead
to a liberal enlightenment of the human mind.
Fhr from it, sir. Their object is to " divide or
destroy; and before I would vote for foreign Cath-
olics for school directors, and aid by my vote to
place them in representative and executive power
in this country, and thereby, through the ballot-
box, surrender the Constitution, I would prefer
with my own hands to tear to atoms that sacred
instrument, as the hero would break his sward
before he would yield it dishonorably.
