1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Barclay.
Ho. of Reps.
We have heard much on this floor of the rights I
tjf foreigners, which, at the best, are but conven- '
tional. They have been prescribed by enact- !
menl, and that enactment is but a grant by those '
whose rights here are natural. That enactment
does not establish the right of aliens to form secret,
combinations on our soil—to organize, and drill,
anil arm, and equip, exclusively foreign military
companies in our midst—nor to hold conventions
openly to propose the annihilation of all morals,
education, and religion, and the abolition of exec-
utive offices, aided by Sag Nicht societies, nor to
the Irish for the formation of repeal associations;
all of which, from the profound silence of our
opponents when assailing Americans for forming
societies to guard and protect our institutions
against such combinations, they must accord as
the rights of foreigners;" for those are the only
" rights of foreigners" which Americans seek to
interfere with, and for which they have been so
bitterly assaile*.
Americans propose to amend the naturalization
laws. For my own part I would for the present
wipe them entirely from our statute-book, or estab-
lish a capitation tax of sufficient amount to protect
the American working classes, preserve the moral
character of our country,and effectually clog the
design of any European Power against the peace
and liberties of this people. The right of Gov-
ernment thus to protect is ample—its duty un-
questionable. But, sir, we do not wish to abridge
the religious or civil rights of Roman Catholics
or foivign-born. We desire to counteract the
"iuic plan cf emigration," for the establishment
of colonies of Roman Catholics in our western
States, on which subject a pamphlet of thirty-two '
pages lias of late years made its appearance
through Catholic Europe. We desire to protect
and maintain the American'system of Republican
education. We desire to preserve a unity of
character for our nation; to promote peace, intel-
ligence, and good government; to confine tlte
administration of our civil and diplomatic affairs
to the hands of the native-born, and to carry out
in full practice those patriotic principles and pre- |
cepts inculcated by the example of our fathers, j
Such is our position, and I take pride in main- ;
taining it. Our own immortal Washington has
prescribed it. Such was the devotion of that '
great leader of our revolutionary forces, whose
mission on earth was to carry a struggling peo-
ple through their trials, and to establish the prin-
ciples of republican freedom ! While my heart i
shall continue to boat within my besom, and rea- j
son exist unimpaired, I shall ever cherish and
venerate the memory and precepts of thatimmor- i
tal man ! He, in the anxiety of his spirit, cau-
tioned us to beware of foreign influence, and to ,
avoid sectional strife—the two great evils which •
now threaten the peace and durability of our '
nation.
To carry into effect, sir, the doctrines enuncia-
ted by the American party is, in my judgment,
the only means for preserving the peace, welfare,
and safety of our free institutions. Already they
have been seriously shaken by commotions aris-
ing from foreign interference as well as from
sectional discord; and I would therefore appeal
to the patriotism of the American people — I
would call upon them and their representatives
to pause in their career, and consult upon the
measures which the crisis demands, that we
may unite upon the means of preserving intact
the pristine purity of American republican insti-
tutions.
Mr. ELLIOTT obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BENNETT,of Mississippi, who said : I
wish to put an inquiry to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in regard to the Catholic question,
which he has so elaborately discussed this even-
ing. I would like to know whether he is a member
of the American party; and if so, whether he was
of the convention which met at Philadelphia not
long since, and adopted a platform of principles
of that party ? When he has answered these
questions, 1 would like to know whether that plat-
form does not ignore, altogether, the religious
test for office ?
Mr. BROOM. In answer to the gentleman
from Mississippi I will say that 1 am a member
of the American party, and proud of the honor.
I am a member oF the American order, and have
no hesitation in avowing it. I will say, further-
more, that I had not the honor of being a mem-
ber of the council which met in Philadelphia, and
adopted the platform to which allusion is made.
It was decided that all secrecy might be removed '
at the option of the various councils in the United
States. Those councils have generally abandoned
their former position in that respect. They have
wiped out all secrecy. Yet let me say that that
secrecy was but the cover of the purest emotions
which ever filled an honest and a patriotic bosom.
The motive was far different from that which
actuated the Irish Repealers, the Sag Nichts,and
the Jesuits, against which we have never heard
a word from the lips of our opponents, although
we know that their designs are antagonistic to
freedom.
Mr. BENNETT. I will not let the gentleman
dodge the question. I ask him whether the
American organization, at its recent convention,
held at Philadelphia, did not ignore the Catholic
test for office in this country ? Why, sir, well
may we be alarmed when the Representatives of
this nation assemble in this Hall, and make it the
theater for the purpose of discussing religious
differences between the American people. vVell
may we feel alarmed, when we hear declarations
of the character made here to-night by the gentle- 1
man from Pennsylvania, that he would rather see
the Constitution of the United States torn into
fragments than elevate a Roman Catholic to the
office of a director of a public school. I would
rather adopt the sentiment of Mr. Clay, that
there is nothing in the Roman Catholic religion
incompatible with liberty—that all religions con-
nected with politics are incompatible with liberty',
and, disconnected, are compatible with freedom.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I cannot indulge the gentle-
man any further. I wish to procecd with what I
have to say.
Mr. BROOM. I will say, in reply to the gen-
.tleman from Mississippi, that I have no disposi-
tion to dodge the question. I was not a member
of that council to which the gentleman refers;
but their proceedings have been published, and
he is as able to judge of them as I am.
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. DAVID BARCLAY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
1S56. :
The House being in tbe Committee of the Whole on the
state of th# Union—
Mr. BARCLAY said:
Mr. Chairman: Ourcountry has scarcely passed
the threshold of her destiny. She has but fairly
entered upon that great mission—the dissemina-
tion throughout Christendom of the principles of
civil, political, and religious liberty—the disin-
thrallment of nations. This she is not to accom-
Clish by the conquests of her armies and navies;
ut by the more peaceful one of the liberality of
her laws and institutions—by the noble example
of a people with, in some respects, antagonistic
local interests—inhabiting a country vast in ex-
i tent, of almost every variety of climate and pro-
ductions—establishing, administering, and sus-
taining their own institutions through a very
, simple piece of machinery—the ballot-box. The
only hope of ultimate success is the Union—not a
Union indivisible, for that would be centraliza-
tion—but a Union just, fraternal, perpetual. It
is by such a Union only our true greatness will
be achieved. Hence integrity to the immeasur-
able interests committed to us calls upon each
State and section of this country to abide by, and
in good faith observe, all the compromises and
requirements of the Constitution and laws of the
United States. Without such observance we
are cast out upon the wild ocean of discord, and
left to drift at the mercy of the winds and waves
of faction and fanaticism.
At more than one period in the history of our
country have the calmest minds had misgivings
of the success of" our experiment." Morethan
once have the patriotic had cause to tremble for
its safety. But, heretofore, as successive dangers
arose, successively have they been met and dis-
armed of their power by the wisdom of the Gov-
ernment, and by the virtue, intelligence, and pa-
triotism of the people. Sir, shall this continue ?
Many think it will. I earnestly hope it may.
But it may be well to remember that assault
after assault, and shock after shock, the famous
MalakofF withstood—yet it fell. I have seen the
stately pine, towering up to the heavens in the
pride of its beauty, defy the fiercest mountain
storms; and I have seen that same tree, stripped
of its luxuriant foliage, standing a dead and with-
ered trunk. What the storm failed to do the in-
sidious worm accomplished.
This magnificent Capitol is able to withstand
the most tumultuous warring of the elements; but
once undermine its foundations, and its very
strength would accelerate its fall. Repeated at-
tacks upon the constitutional rights of the States—
insidious attempts to demoralize the public mind
—and the constant efforts to create animosities be-
tween tho States, and alienate the people of one
section of the Union from those of the other—are
equally dangerous aiW destructive.
What, sir, are the signs of the times? Is it
impossible that those dark scenes of desolation,
which were witnessed in Prance under the House
of Yalois, in England under Charles I., and in
Italy for successive centuries, may be reenacted
here ? Is danger diminished by closing our eyes
to its approach? Is it lessened by denying its
existence? Are the combustible materials which
are being scattered about for no purpose? Will
the unceasing exertions made to inflame the
public mind be of no avail ? Can we—ought we
to be indifferent to the future of our country,
when we see that cloud, which rose in the east,
yet spreading over the heavens, and which, when
no larger than a " man's hand," shook the very
pillars of our Republic? Are we to delude our-
selves with the siren-song of " no danger," when
we see another and a younger brother making its
appearance in the same quarter more ominous
and blacker than the first ? What are these
clouds—these dangers which menace the Repub-
lic? The one is Abolitionism-, the other is Amer-
icanism. The first, under the garb of humanity,
would destroy the fair fabric of our Union; the
other, under the mask of patriotism, would re-
kindle the fire of persecution, and carry us back
to the confines of heathenism.
Th* cwitetffl'for the immediate—
the utter destruction of slavery in the States.
One portion of them declare slavery to be illegal,
unconstitutional, and demand the interposition
of the General Government to compel emancipa-
tion. They say:
" 1. That slaveholding is illegal in such a sense, that the
fundamental principles of civil law and jurisprudence re-
quire all courts of justice to treat it as illegal in all their
judicial decisions.
"2. That slavery in the United States and Territories is
unconstitutional.
" 3. That the Federal Government, in its several depart-
ments, has constitutional power to prohibit and suppress
slaveholding in all the States and Territories; and that llie
| people of the United Slates ought 10 exercise the right of
suffrage in the election of a Federal Administration to this
end."
| Another class of them adnjit that slavery is
constitutionally right. The Anti-Slavery Society,
' through their executive committee, say:
' " 1. We deem the constitutionality and legality of slavery
as generally understood, and the exclusive jurisdiction of
the slave States over it within their limits, to be justly re-
garded by tiie whole natiou as self evident and axiomatic
| facts—as much so as the existence of slavery, or of tho
j Constitution itself."
I But they insist that it is morally wrong. Henco
they conclude that the Constitution of the United
States, recognizing a moral evil, is only a " com-
pact with the devil and a league with hell,'* and
as such ought to be subverted. They ask for no
power under the Constitution; they vote for no
man who will support it. Revolution is their
principle; and they are counseled " to vote against
all constitutional parties," to " block the wheels
1 of Government, and thus compel revolution.'' And
for what? to eradicate an institution which they
themselves confess to be legaland'constitutional—
an institution with which they have nothing to
do, no responsibility to bear; they would plunge
! our land into the horrors of civil war For a
doubtful good they would destroy that building
whoss foundations were laid in th« counsels of
