10m
AFPEWDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics->—Mr. Barclay.
Ho. of Reps.
the greatest statesmen and most illustrious pa-
triots; a building, which, for the magnificence of
its design or the beauty of its proportions, has
never yet been equaled; & noble bulwark of [
national freedom, o? security of life and property! !
It were difficult, indeed, to conceive of greater ,
infatuationThey say: !
" We reiterate our former declaration, that the object of
this society is not merely to make ' liberty national, and
slavery sectional'—nor to prevent the acquisition of Cuba
 nor to restore the Missouri compromise—nor to repeal the
fugitive slave bill—nor to make Kansas a free State—nor to
resist the admission of any new slave State into the Union
—nor to terminate slavery in the District of Columbia and
In the national Territories—but it is, primarily, comprehens-
ively, aud uncompromisingly, to effect the immediate,
total, and eternal overthrow of slavery, wherever it exists
on American soil, and to expose and confront whatever
party or sect seeks to purchase peace or success at the !
expense of human liberty. Living or dying, our motto is,
' No Union with slaveholders, religiously ok polit-
ically!'"
" No union with slaveholders, religiously or
politically!" Why, sir, why is such ground
assumed ? If slavery be an evil, does the wrong
rest upon them? Should we, to liberate the
slave, destroy the country ? "W ould involving our
land in blooay strife benefit the condition of the
slave ? Can the Abolitionists thus benefit the slave ?
Have not all their efforts had a contrary effect?
I do not doubt their imprudent and unjustifiable
conduct has not only riveted more firmly the
chains of the slave, but has retarded his emanci-
pation for at least half a century. This party
cannot fail to see such has been the effect. Then,
may I not ask, in the words of a distinguished
Senator, " What are the motives of this constant
and unrelenting warfare which is waged by some
of the people of the North against the rights of
the South?" Is it to gratify a foreign and rival
Power, which has followed ua with the eye of
jealousy since the day of our independence, and
would make us subservient to her will and dicta-
tion? There must be some reason with the
leader* of this fanatical crusade, which are kept
hidden from the body of their deluded followers.
Is it possible that Garrison and Parker and May
and Phillips and Greeley, and a host of others,
are the hirelings of that Power, to carry out the
system which it inaugurated here more than forty
years ago ?
Great Britain has always acted upon the motto,
so far as our country is concerned: " Distensiont
nulla salus conspicitur.'' Her aim has uniformly
been to foment dissensions among the States of
the Union. In 1809, her Governor General of
Canada sent John Henry to the malcontents of
the Eastern States, to inauce them to exert their
" influence to bring about a separation of the
General Union," and to ascertain " how far, in
such an event, they would look to England for
assistance." Mr. Henry, in his letter to Sir
James H. Craig, Governor General, under date
of March 13,1809, says:
" To bring about a separation of the States, under dis-
tinct and independent governments, is an affair of more
uncertainty, and, however desirable, cannot be effected but
by a series of acts and long-continued policy, tending to
irritate the southern and.conciliate the northern people."
-"This, I am aware, is an object of much interest in Great
Britain, and would forever secure the integrity of his
Majesty's possessions en the Continent, and make the two
Governments, or whatever number the presen tConfederacy
might form into, as useful and as much subject to the in-
fluence of Great Britain as her colonies can be rendered-"
" It should, therefore, be the peculiar care of Great Britain
to foster dissensions between the North and the South."
That every section of the Union might be made
subservient to the interests of England! How
well has that Government been represented here !
How incessant has been the effort to " foster dis-
sensions between the North and the South."
And this " to bring about a separation of the
States. ' And " Massachusetts, according to
Mr. Henry, " is to give tone to the neighboring
States. " How well has she performed her part
of this infamous proceeding! Hence her " higher
law" doctrines, her abolition and anti-slavery
societies, and their incendiary publications; hence
her caricatures of the South, its people and
institutions; the above denunciation and vilifica-
tion of the slaveholder, he held upas destitute of
all humanity—a demon in human form. To
stimulate popular prejudice, high-wrought fiction
has been brought into .requisition, and sent forth
on the wings of the wind, particular cases held
up the g*n«ral ijoW, jfhe ^ilavedealer made the
type of the slaveholder. Every expedient has
been resorted to, which either fanaticism or
malice could invent, to excite the most unchris-
tian and hostile feelings between brethren of a
common country. Even the sacred desk has
been prostituted to foment discord, to excite ran-
cor, and intensify hate. Under this system al-
ready have Christian churches been rent asunder,
our laws set at defiance, and our glorious Confed-
eracy brought to the verge of disunion; and all
this under pretended sympathy for the slave.
So far as the leaders of this movement are con-
cerned, I do not doubt that British gold has a
more powerful influence than sympathy, pre-
tended or real.
Sir,we have a noble inheritance, more noble than
ever fell to the lot of a nation. Shall it be thus
wantonly jeopardized ? Even now we are on the
point of its total loss. The schemes of British
power have been too successful. A little further
progress in folly and madness, and we shall be
undone. A portion of our people have, by rapid
strides, approached the banks of the Rubicon:
shall they plunge in and ford the stream? or will
they, struck with a sense of error and danger,
make a retrograde movement, and regain the point
whence they started ? Beyond the stream lies a
dreary desert, where anarchy and civil war hold
their terrific reign, with all their long train of
horrors, and where the devious paths lead to
ruthless despotism. Once unhinge a Govern-
ment—once let loose mankind from the restraints
of the law and Constitution, and the human mind
cannot readily calculate the result. The lessons
taught us by the French when under Marat,
Danton, Couthon, and Robespierre, should be
attended to by those who are lending their aid to
tear down the pillars of our Government.
The Republicans are somewhat more conserv-
ative. So far as slavery in the States is concerned,
they agree with the doctrines of the Democratic
party. That new party, in their convention held
at Pittsburg on the 22d and 23d of February last,-
unanimously adopted and published to the coun-
try an address. In that address they declare the
very doctrine which is the groundwork in the
President's argument on the slavery question in
his last annual message. He says:
" Hence the General Government,as well by the enumer-
ated powers granted to it, as by those not enumerated, and
therefore-/pfoied to it, forbidden to touch this matter
(Madefy)in (66stitse of attack Or offense: it was placed
under the general safeguard of the Union, in the sense of
defense against either invasion or domestic violence, like
all other local interests of the several States."
The Republican Convention, in the address
referred to, speaking of the slavery interest, say:
" We acknowledge that it is large and powerful—that in
the States where it exists it is entitled, under the Consti-
tution, like all other local, interests, to the immunity from
the interference of the General Government, and that it
must aecessarily exercise, through its representatives, a
considerable share of political power."
This commits themfully to the constitutionality
of the fugitive slave law; for, if slavery, " like
$11 local interests,"is entitled " to immunity from
the interference of the General Government,"
then," like all other local interests," is it entitled
to protection under the Constitution in the States
in which it exists.
But, sir, upon the great doctrine of the right
of the people to govern themselves, they are not
so sound. In the platform, which they adopted
at the recent convention in Philadelphia, I find
that they " deny the authority of Congress, of
a Territorial Legislature, of any individual- or
association of individuals, to give legal existence
to slavery in any Territory of the United States,
while the present Constitution shall be main-
tained." Slavery is a mere local institution,
depending for its very existence upon municipal
law. The people of a Territory have the inher-
ent right to establish such laws and institutions
as may seem to them proper. This they may
effect by popular conventions, or by delegates
elected to represent them. This power, being
inherent, no act of Congress can deprive them
of it, nor has Congress any constitutional right
to prescribe the manner how this power shall be
exercised,.or the time when it shall be exercised,
any more than to linfit its exercise. This is the
true doctrine of popular sovereignty, and must
ultimately prevail. Why, I should like to know—
why are not the citizens of a Territory just as
competent to legislate for themselves on all sub-
jects as those of a State ? I believe they are. The
Republican party deny the right of the people in
a Territory " to give legal existence" to slavery
there. Every southern man in this House, 1
"believe, denies the right of the people in a Ter-
ritory to prevent the existence of slavery there.
The whole South joins hands with the Repub-
licans in denying to the people of a Territory,
while in their territorial capacity, any power over
the subject of slavery. They both unite in re-
pudiating the great doctrine of popular sover-
, eignty. Both equally condemn it; and yet both
grant that the people have the right to legislate
on all other subjects. Why, then, not on this?
If they possess the right to legislate on any sub-
ject, tkey have equally the power to determine
! all questions which concern their municipality.
Let the South abandon its bold, dangerous, and
untenable ground, that the Constitution carries
slavery into the Territories; ana let the North
repudiate the equally unconstitutional doctrine,
that Congress may prohibit slavery there, and
leave this, as you leave other questions, to the
people of tKe Territories, to whom it properly
belongs, to determine in their own way, at
their own time, and in such a manner as their
circumstances may demand. Then will sectional
discord cease. Then will be restored those
peaceful fraternal relations which ought never to
have been interrupted, or even only disturbed,
among Americans, the descendants of those glo-
rious heroes who shed their blood—who died for
the American Union! Then will the substantial
interest of the country, arts and science, univers-
ities and popular schools, agriculture, com-
merce, manufactures, and great improvements,
receive due consideration. Then, too, will the
Chief Executive, instead of bringing the whole
influence and power of the Government, as the
present Chief Magistrate has done, to crush the
popular will in the Territories, and force upon
the people obnoxious institutions, protect them
in their rights, and deal out even-handed justice.
But, sir, I will guard my words. I would not
degrade the Administration of my country; but
this Administration has done more than all pre-
vious Administrations combined have done, to
demoralize the"people, to create sectional hostil-
ities, and to centralize poVer. Yet, hy some, the
test of Democracy in this House is to declare the
President infallible—that he has committed no
blunders—that he can commit none, so far as the
slavery question is concerned. If this is to be
viewed in the light of the maxim, that the King
can do no wrong, (nor the Queen either,) ana
if it be a mere political fiction, then I have no ob-
jection to say so.,It may do to say so as a fiction,
with the distinct understanding that it is only
such. Because I cannot indorse all the acts of
this Administration as just, noble, and exalted—
because I will not follow the unwise example of
self-constituted leaders, and thus betray the con-
fidence of my constituents, some gentlemen of
this House, with more assurance than prudence,
have undertaken a task without an adequate con-
ception of its difficulties. They have undertaken
to excommunicate me from the Democratic party!
I refer to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] and the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston.] If belief in the infallibility of
the President be the test of Democracy, then
they are Democrats. But, as for myself, if I had
ever entertained so absurd an idea, it would h&ve
, been completely dispelled the moment when the
Administration interfered with the custom-house
appointments in New York, and removed Judge
Bronson. Since then, every succeeding day has
only riveted more firmly in my mind <116 convic-
tion, that the President is " like clay in the hands
of the potter," molded into form oy those who
would use him. Therefore, I repudiate any such
test, and would suggest what appears to me the
only proper one, that is, adherence to the prin-
ciples of the party, and faithfulness to its organ-
ization. By this rule I judge, and by it l am
willing to be judged. I shall now inquire into
the status of each of these gentlemen, to ascer-
tain by what claim either assumes the censorship.
These gentlemen were both present at the Demo-
I eratic caucus held this session, and participated
