1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfLOBBL
t«T
34th Cono....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Barclay.
Ho. or Heps.
in its proceedings, and voted for the following
resolution:
« Resolved, That the Democratic members of the House
of Representatives, though 111 a temporary minority ill this
body, deem this a fit occasion to tender to their fciiow-citi-
lensof the whole Union their heartfelt congratulations on
the triumph, in the recent elections in several of the north-
ern, eastern, and western, as well as southern States, of
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the doc-
trines of civil and religious liberty, which have been so
violently assailed by a secret political Order known as the
Know Nothing party; and, though in a minority, we hold
it to be our highest duty to preserve our organization, and
continue our efforts in the maintenance and defense of those
principles, and the constitutional rights of every section
and every class of citizens against their opponents of every
description, whether the so-called Republicans, Know
Nothings, or Fusionists; and to this end we-look with con-
fidence to the support and approbation of all good and true
men—friends of the Constitution and the Union throughout
the country." I
On the 31st of January, the following resolu- 1
tion was offered by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Trippe,] an American:
"Resolved, Thiff the Hon. William Smith, of Virginia,
be, and he is hereby, declared Speaker of the House of i
Representatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress."
On the 1st of February, the gentleman from !
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] submitted to the House ,
the following: j
"Resolved, That Mordecai Oliver, a Representative
from Missouri, be, and hereby is, chosen Speaker of the
House of Representatives."
The same day the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] offered the "olive branch," which
was:
"Resolved, That the Hon. William Aikeh, a Represent-
ative from South Carolina, be, and he is hereby, chosen
Speaker of the House of Representatives."
On each of the above the gentleman from Vij-
finia [Mr. Letcher] and the gentleman from
.labama [Mr. Houston] voted. Both their
names are recorded for the former of these reso-
lutions, and against a motion to lay the two lat-
ter on the table. And this was done while the
Democratic candidate was yet in the field.' Three
times did these gentlemen deliberately desert the
Democratic nominee, and voted for two persons
who were not members of the Democratic party,
and for one who, though a Democrat, opposed
the election of Governor Wise. I hold, sir, that
no man, who went into caucus, and assisted to
make a nomination, could consistently vote for
any other person but the nominee. No matter
whether the person so voted for be a Democrat
or not, if introduced without the authority of the
party, any one voting for him, when a regularly-
nominated candidate is before the House, vio-
lates the usages of the party. Thus both these
gentlemen stand convicted. Not only so, but
they voted for the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Aiken] for Speaker, after there was
evidence to satisfy any reasonable man that he
had given pledges which were satisfactory to the
American party. To verify this, I will read from
the .Congressional Globe, pageB 337 and 338 :
" Pending the call of the roll,
" Mr. Bakclat (when his name was called) said: I wish
tfie indulgence of the House a moment before I cast mj
vote.
" The Clerk. If there is no objection, the gentleman
Will proceed.
" There was no objection.
" Mr. Barclay. I wish to say to the House, thatdurlng
this protracted session my votes are on the record. They
stand there, whether they may condemn me or otherwise.
[ have had no reason to change my views upon the policy
which agitates the country. 1 have been averse, as is well
known to this House, to anything which looked like a col-
lusion with Know Nothingism—I care not whether it come
from the North or South ; I say I have been averse to any-
thing like that, I have, for the three ballots this morniug,
thrown my vote away; and, as I yesterday voted against
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken,]
the Democratic candidate being in the field, and as he has
now formally withdrawn, I now desire to know one or two
things before I cast my vote upon this, the most important
ballot ofthe session. I should like to know whether the gen-
tleman lVom South Carolina stands upon the resolution
Sassed by the Democratic caucus on the first day of Decetn-
er last, in this Hall r I want to know whether he indorses
that resolution ? [Cries of ' X object to discussion ;'' Too
lute.'] [ want an answer to that question before I cast my
vote.
'■ Mr. Rust. I call the gentleman to order. The ques-
tion comes from a wrong quarter.
" Mr. Barclay. I am in order. I am upon the floor j
and before I cast my vote I desire to know upon what
platform the gentleman from South Carolina stands, and I
ask htm to answer my question. X also ask him whether
he has not addressed a lettor to the Hon. Homphrey Mar-
shall, of Kentucky? and whether he has nude any
pledges satisfactory to the sotithsrn wing of the National
Amwiean party ?
" Mr. Boyce. I object to any questions being asked.
" Mr. Barclay. 1 ask the gentleman what tiis position
is ? I ask liim if he has not written such a letter?
" Mr. Aiken. I am not a candidate for the speakership.
If my friends think proper to place me in that position, I
shall serve them to the best of my ability.
" Mr. Barclay. I shall then withhold my vote for the
present."
In addition to this, I will read a portion of the
remarks made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. A. K. Marshall,] when called to vote
upon the final ballot:
" But, gentlemen, my friends, we have not yet finished our
course. We have yet a duty to perform. The battle in whtch
we have till now been engaged has been a party fight.
We have been contending for party existence—for party
supremacy. We have demanded from our Democratic
friends a recognition of our existence, our respectability,
our patriotism; and an acknowledgment upon their part
that they did us injustice in the opinion they expressed by
the resolution passed in their first caucus, and the declara-
tion made in regard to us in tlfet resolution. We have
fought a good fight for our party; and we have done more
—we have conquered for them. The Democracy have no
candidate for the office of Speaker before us now. Is there
a nominee of that party here ? Is there a Democratic plat-
form now presented which bears on its face an offense and
indignity to the American party? No, sir; neither is before
this body now. They have lost sight of both, and why
should we remember them longer."
In this connection I will also read the pledges
fiven by the gentleman from South Carolina
Mr. Aiken] to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. A. K. Marshall,] as published in the
American Democrat, under date of Baltimore,
' February 15, 1856, together with a portion of
1 editorial remarks on the subject:
" On the morning that the vote under the plurality rule
was to be taken, when Mr. Aiken began to be spoken of,
the Hon. Alexander Keith Marshall, of K«ntucky, a
staunch American and conservative, being reluctant to
vote for Mr. Aiken without understandinghis ground fuHy,
wrote down, and carried to him in his seat, a series of in-
terrogatories which, with their answers, we here subjoin :
" 1st. Are you hostile to the American party; and have
you ever pronounced, or do you now believe, that party
enemies to civil and religious liberty -
" Answer to 1st. To the first I answer I never have.
" 3d. Are you in favor of the union of the States so long
as it can be continued without such violation of the spirit
ofthe Constitution as would justify revolution ?
" Answer 2d. I am in favor of the continuance of this
Union as long as the rights of all the States are preserved.
" 3d. Do you belong to the Democratic organization, and
do you fully indorse the course and policy of the present
Administration, so far as to favor the election of the present
incumbent to office again ?
" Answer 3d. I do not, strictly speaking, belong to the
Democratic party organization. I approve what I believe
right, and will oppose what I think wrong, in that as in all
other parties.
"4th. Would you object to such a modification of the
naturalization laws as would require citizens of other coun-
tries to remain here before they become citizens of this
country for a decidedly longer term than at present ?
" Auswer 4th. I would not object, but would favor a
material extension ofthe naturalization laws.
" These auswers were known to every member of the
American party in the House. Mr. Aiken said be would
sign the paper as soon as the election was over, but not
then. His reason for not signing them then is sufficiently
obvious. He did not wish to appear to do it, merely thro ugh
anxiety to obtain the office."
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Aik-
en,] it will be observed, refused to answer what
I desired to know, and what I had a right to call
for, and refused it, too, after having voted for the
following resolution offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer;] which passed
by a vote of 155 to 38:
" Remhed, That in conformity with the principles of a
gteat popular Government, such as that of the United States,
it is the duty of all candidates for political position frankly
and fully to state their opinions upon important political
questions involved in their election, and especially when
they are interrogated by the body of electors, whose votes
they are seeking."
His declining to answer satisfied me of his
position. I consequently determined to withhold
my vote.
Now, I submit that the remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, every word of which was
justified by these pledges, could not well have
been misunderstood, especially after the gentte-
man from South Carolina declined to answer my
questions. Thus was the resolution passed by
the Democratic caucus, trampled by them in the
dust, and the position there taken shamefully
deserted. And now they come and denounce me !
They assail my Democratic standing! Let them
remember, that those who live in glass houses
should not throw stones!
Sir, I am denounced becasu&e I voted to send a
committee "of investigation to Kansas; because I
vot«d to admit Kansas as a fre« Suit*,' under *
constitution formed by a majority of her citizens;
and because I voted to exclude General Whit*
field as Delegate, and to admit Governor Reeder.
These are political sins in the estimation of the
gentleman from Virginia and the gentleman from
Alabama. I would have no difficulty in defend-
ing my votes before the country. I need no jus-
tification. I will, however, remark that there is
a distinction between principles and measures. A
man may be a good Democrat, and yet oppose a
measure of the Democratic p?rty when he believes
that measure to be wrong; but he cannot be a
good Democrat without sustaining the principles
of the Democratic party.
Now, I ask what principle of the Democratic
party did I violate by any of my votes? Nona
at all. I acted strictly in accordance with the
principles of Democracy in sustaining the ap-
pointment of a committee to investigate the causes
of the difficulties in Kansas, and to inquire into
the alleged election frauds there. Do yau call
it Democratic to encourage the invasion of a
Territory?—to control the ballot-box by armed
and brutal violence?—to strangle the press?—
to hunt men down like wild beasts for mere
expression of opinion?—to stifle the voice of a
free people, and to force upon them laws which
they had no part in framing?" Do you call it
Democratic to elevate fraud, and to trample upon
bleeding virtue ? ls.that your Democracy ? It is
not mine. Such Democracy may do for the
miasmatic atmosphere of the districts represented
by these gentlemen, but it will never do for tha
pure, healthful, Democratic mountain air of my
cherished State. We have been taught that
Democracy consists in an equality of rights,
resistance to wrongs, protection against oppres-
sions, and justice to oil.
I regret, sir, that I have been forced into a mere
personal controversy; having been assailed, I
could not help defending myself. That being
done, I now take leave of this subject, apologizing
to the House for even necessary personal refer-
ence, and proceed to another train of remarks.
I have said our greatest danger, perhaps, is
from the spread of the principles of the American
party, I say so, because they appeal to the baser
passions of our nature. Having no one feature
intrinsically excellent, yet, by ad cavtandtum
phrases, they are well calculated to lead astray
many who would scorn them if presented stripped
of the v«il with which their hideousaess is con-
cealed.
The doctrines of this party are not of recent
origin or native growth. Long a£o were they
rebuked by the voice of Omnipotence: " Thou
shalt neither vex a stranger nor oppress him; for
ye were strangers in the land of Egypt." But not-
withstanding they have ever gone hand in hand
with prejudice and illiberal feeling. During the long
night of the middle ages—when the human mind
was bound with the shacklcs of superstition and
her twin sister, vice—when the tendency of every-
thing was to separate and isolate individuals,
communities, and nations, with particular plans,
customs, objects, and pursuits—when
"Lands intersected by a narrow irith
Abhorred each other—mountains interposed
Made enemies of nations, who had else
Like kindred drops been mingled into one,"
some palliation might have been found for such
contracted views. But now there can be neither
justification, nor excuse, nor palliation.
Our Revolution more immediately developed
those great ideas which dimly burned in tha
bosom of Christendom, and occasionally labored
to realize themselves in the various enterprises of
the day. Those ideas, which are attached to the
divinest sentiments of the soul, are expressive of
its aspirations, and of its responses to the great
needs of humanity. Those ideas, so developed,
sped calmly and silently on their way, extending
their influence to every claes and condition of
society, dissipated the prejudices of men, and
shed a divine luster on the darkness ofthe world.
Under their influence, the spirit of persecution
gave place to the spirit of love. The angry floods
of religious strife and discord abated, and left
another and more peaceful spirit at work in the
hearts of men. They revealed fullv to the gaze
of the world the doctrine of human brotherhood,
and pointed man to an excellence which glim-
mered in the imra«a«urable h«ifht« abewe him-
