1092
APPENDtX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky, Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
them, and dispirit the people of that Territory
who have gone from one section of the Union.
Boats ascending the Missouri river are called to
by armed bands, by the dragoons of the United
States, and by the cannon of the United States,
and searched; their men disarmed; their baggage
overhauled; just as much as privates please is
taken and plundered—and that is generally the
most valuable part; and western men are told,
•' you are not of the right stripe, you are not of
the right scction; you cannot be permitted to in-
habit this Territory of Kansas, where squatter
sovereignty reigns in all its power." Such indig-
nities are the every day occurrence. i
I tell you, with all solemnity, you do not know
the deep wound you are giving the Constitution
and the Union of these States, by permitting these
things to go on in that way. You know they
cannot be tolerated. No man believes the people
of the United States—the northern people if yon
please—have become so abject that this thing
• is to be tolerated. Sir, if these acts of plunder,
of assumptions of power, of the stoppage of your
boats, of the disarming and robbing of the people
bound to that Territory, and searching them,were
done by any foreign Power under heaven, the
Senate would be in a blaze for war. Does any-
body doubt it? Why, sir, the hundredth part of
what has transpired there would have involved us
in a war, and a just war, with the strongest nation
of Europe, or all the nations combined; and
rou would have had my voice and my vote for it;
would have the vote of the whole Senate for
it. But we are your brethren, of the same nation.
We will bear much from you, but you are tres-
passing now beyond all endurance; and I warn
you, as you love the Union of these States, as
you love this common country, pause and con-
sider; do not get up an unjust controversy with
the House of Representatives over the just pro-
visions of this bill. They have attached. & mild,
equitable, and just proviso in restraint of these
enormities, and they ask you to concur in it. I
say there is a disposition here to hold on and en-
courage the Executive, and say to him, " in all
you have done or permitted to be done, you have
done no moro than is right." Sir, you are sanc-
tioning his acts. You are endeavoring to sanction
them over the combined wisdom and will of the
other House—the people's House of Represent-
atives. You hear the mutterings of that storm
which will sweep the cobwebs from this Chamber
£ unless you yield somewhat to it.
-Do you suppose these things are to go on with
impunity, and an accidental majority of this body
is to withstand the whole country—to withstand
justice—to withstand the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and the inalienable rights of man ? I
say to you, that you ar« asking too much. Pause
and consider. The House are firm and determ-
ined; and I hope your attempt at striking out this
clause, and licensing the Executive, and, as I
said before, encouraging him to go on with his
aggressions, will meet with stern rebuke; and,
revolution or no revolution, be the consequences
what they may.
Right, justice, manliness, the honor of the
North demand that these crimes and tyriiinies
in Kansas come to an end. .And they must, and
thatsoon. One thing is the voice of fate—Kansas
will never be a slave Slate, come what may. So,
govern yourselves accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Pres-
ident, I do not desire to make a speech in ref-
erence to the subject, and particularly dcTI not
desire to follow the Senator from Ohio in regard
to what may be the character of the occurrences
which have transpired in the Territory of Kansas:
what may have been the wrongs and injustice on
the one side or the other; what may have been
done there, properly or improperly; but I wish to
say a few words, pertinently and distinctly, to
the proposition before the Senate, unconnected
with all the extraneous and outside matter which
has been drawn into the debate. I think I may
be regarded as impartial as any man in the Sen-
ate can be on this subject; for I cannot be sus-
pected of inclining either to the Free-Soil party
or to the Democratic President who now has the
• control of the nation.
What is the proposition before us, and how
do gentlemen come up to it? We hare heard it
bruited about in the papers, and it has gone forth
in murmurs all over the country, since the meet-
ing of Congress in last December, that, whenever
the appropriation bills came up necessary to carsy
on the Government, and to do the ordinary,
usual, and necessary business of the Govern-
ment, they were to be clogged and thwarted—I
will not say factiously—and collaterally and
improperly burdened down with amendments
not necessary, not cognate, not proper, and that
we could not pass them unless we submitted to
this course of proceeding.
Mr. President, in the ordinary transaction of
the current business of Congress, we have before
us a bill to provide for the support of the Army,
to keep it on foot, to pay its usual expenses.
Congress has the power to raise and support
armies; and it is the duty of Congress, knowing
that an army is necessary for the defense of the
country against foreign invasion, to suppress
Indian hostilities, or to put down domestic
trouble, to provide one. It is their duty, under
the Constitution, their power, their prerogative,
to raise and provide for an army. The bill has
been brought in for that purpose, framed accord-
ing to the usual estimates. It went from this
House to the other branch of Congress, where
three or four amendments have been stuck on,
which I have not even read, but I have heard
them read at the desk—amendments which,
according to the notions of liberty of the gentle-
man from Ohio, are, I suppose, to control the
sovereign, the queen, the President, the king, by
withholding the subsidies, if they are not agreed
to. He tells us that the Representatives, the
commons, hold the purse-strings, and if we do
not'agree to this, that, and the other thing which
the House may say, there shall be no money
appropriated to carry on the Government.
Sir, what is the result of that ? Simply that
an accidental majority in the House of Repre-
sentatives, professing to hold the purse-strings,
if they have any factious, local, geographical,
fanatical, or wrong notion of revenue, tariff,
administration, or..what not, may, perforce, ride
over the majority of the States represented in the
Senate, and ride over the Executive, a coordinate
branch of the Government, and take possession
of all the powers of the Government, and starve
out the President and the Senate until they are
brought to conusance with the wishes of a
majority of the House. I do not say whether,
in this case, this provision has been inserted fac-
tiously, honestly, or dishonestly. I am willing
to concede, for the sake of argument, that it has
been done honestly on principle, because I will
say nothing that is wrong, or personally offensive.
The gentleman who now occupies the chair
[Mr. Bell, of Tennessee] will recollect that about
fourteen or fifteen years ago, the Whig party,
during the Twenty-Seventh Congress, had a ma-
jority in the two Houses, and John Tyler was
President, and he turned away from us. A prop-
osition was then made that we should starve out the
" captain " and the " corporal's guard " of six,
and force them to succumb. We had consultation
after consultation, caucus after caucus. Henry
Clay was our leader. We had others of eminence
and ability. Tyler stood aloof. With all the bold-
ness of our leader, and all the force of our party,
we could never be brought to say that we would
disrupt the Government, starve out the Army,
starve out the Navy, break up the nation, because
Tyler with his corporal's guard of six men was
sustained in his vetoes, and we had not the
necessary majority to pass our bills over his
head.
The Senator from Massachusetts talks about
making a quarrel with the House of Representa-
tives. . Why, sir, the usual mode of doing busi-
ness is to provide for the Army, and keep it
where it is nejess^ry to be maintained. The in-
tegrity of legislation is to keep propositions sep-
arate, and not to tack different measures together.
Here is an Army appropriation bill. We do not
want it weighed down with other measures. Sup-
pose you should tack on an internal improvement
bill, or the Pacific railroad, or the Topeka con-
stitution, or the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, are you to say that a majority,
whether accidental or not—a constitutional major-
ity of the House of Representatives, are arbitra-
rily'to act, not modestly, not decently, not with
a regard to right, but—I say it with due respect
to the Senator from California—as a sort of San
Francisco vigilance committee, by their numerical
force, to say: " We will smash down the Govern-
ment, or we will have our own way."
I have seen that process attempted to be tried,
and we could not even whip Tyler with it. Our
men would not stand up to it then. They talked
about it, and discussed it, but " the Captain "
held on, and at last rode through the storm.
The gentleman talks about our making a fusa
with the House of Representatives. Why, sir,
we are the representatives of the States; and are
we to submit to anything which the other House
may insert in a bill, though it is not germane
to the subject, though it does not belong to it,
though it is uncalled for, though it is a factious,
collateral attempt to make political capital ? Gen-
tlemen may make as many enthusiastic, high-
strung speeches about Kansas or anything else, as
they please; but at last the naked truth is, that we
must sustain and support the Government. Here
is a proper, nice bill, making the necessary ap-
propriations for the Army. It is sent down to the
House of Representatives, and they get into a
miff, and say: " We will not take this thing at
all." They are like a lady who will not go into
a buggy because her husband will not get her a
carriage, and silk dresses, and forty other things
[Laughter.] This is a mere whim, mere caprice;
and on this little basis we are told about the out-
rageous oppression of refusing to submit to what
the House nas done. This is all wrong.
Now, sir, I am a Whig, and a Whig of the
old stamp. My Whig principles began with
Washington, and ended with Clay. I am afraid
we shall not have anymore such men. Certain
am I that there are hardly enough Whigs on this
floor now to keep me in countenance. I am a
Clay-Whig, and I am for the people, against
prerogative; but I am, also, for what is right and
just against faction—against factious, collateral,
made-up issues to influence and demagogue the
people without reference to the real nature of the
case.
Tips is an Army appropriation bill, framed on
the proper estimates appropriating money enough
to carry on the Army for the current year. When
it was sent down to the. House of Representa-
tives, three or four amendments were attached,
and I suppose they might as well attach thirty
more. They might as well swallow up the
Executive and the Senate, and have a revolution—
for revolution it is, bloodless though it be. It
is an attempt to stop the wheels of Government
for want of grease. The wagon cannot run; the
wheels of Government cannot go on when there
is no money. Sir, I regard it as a factious
demonstration for the purpose of influencing
public sentiment in reference to the presidential
election. I hope it will be voted down; and I
hope the committee of conference, whoevei they
may be, will take a straightforward, direct view of
the question, and put down this attempt at once.
These gentlemen may think, and no doubt they
honestly think, whatever they say and believe;
but I cannot suppose that we are beginning any
quarrel with the House by desiring to pass the
appropriation bills in the usual, ordinary way.
1 hey imagine that there will be a quarrel by our
not succumbing to this attempt. I hope there
will be no giving way on the part of the Senate.
1 trust we shall not yield to this coercion, to this
factitiousThaking up of an issue for political cap-
ital. I have nothing to say as to the speeches
made by the Senators from Massachusetts and
Ohio, and the facts alluded to by them about
Kansas. I have said all that I desire, and that
is in reference to the real and true merits of the
question which is presented to-the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am sorry
to see an attempt to change what seems to me to
be the real issue in this question. A portion of
the bill sent here from the House of Representa-
tives is treated as if it were an amendmen t. That
is not so. The House of Representatives, iue
proper branch of the Government to originate a
measure of this character, has sent us a bill for
the support of the Army, appropriating some
twelve millions of dollars, I believe, for that pur-
pose. When it comes into the Senate it its as a
