1856.] APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong—1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Jones, Mr. Fessenden, etc.
1093
Senate.
whole. It is not a bill, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky has said, with amendments. It is the Army
appropriation bill, and it is the Senate that pro-
poses to make an amendment. It is here that
the attempt is made to amend this bill. How?
The Senator from Virginia tells us that it is to
be amended in such a way that, if the House of
Representatives do not acquiesce, revolution may
follow. He speaks of stopping the wheels of
the Government. Who is to stop the wheels of
Government ? If they are stopped oy the failure to
pass the bill under consideration, who are respons-
ible.' The Senator from Virginia and those
who vote with him, and nobody else. Has it
come to this, that if the House of Representatives
do not think proper to frame a bill for the support
of the Army of the country, appropriating twelve
millions of dollars, in a way to satisfy the ma-
jority in this body, revolution shall follow, and
the responsibility be upon the House? Pray,
sir, how? Because they will not agree to do as
the Senate tells them they shall do. That is the
naked proposition before the Senate, with the ex-
planation which has been made in reference to it,
that the Senate of the United States is prepared
to say to the House of Representatives, " unless
you will appropriate money to aid the President
of the United States in the enforcement of dis-
puted laws in the Territory of Kansas, no appro-
priation for the support of the Army shall be
made." This is a fair proposition that is sent
here by'the House of Representatives, and it is
sought to be incumbered by an amendment offered
in this body, which is to defeat the bill unless the
House of Representatives will recede from a por-
tion of the bill which they passed. You cannot
change the issue. The responsibility is here.
The House of Representatives have shown their
willingness, by the passage of this bill, to provide
for the support of the Army. The country see that
the House of Representatives are prepared to
vote millions of money to sustain the Army of the
United States. But because they are not willing
to frame that bill so as to Satisfy particular views
in this body, the whole bill is to De defeated, if I
understand the views of the Senator from Vir-
ginia who has proposed the amendment.
The Committee on Finance, whose organ the
Senator from Virginia is, have proposed to strike
out a portion of this bill making appropriations
for the support of the Army. Suppose the
amendment be adopted and the bill sent back to
the House of Representatives, and they do not
think proper to concur: what is the issue between
the two Houses? The issue is this: Shall the
whole appropriation bill for the support of the
Army (a failure to pass which we are told will
lead to revolution) be stopped unless the money
can be used to employ troops to enforc#the dis-
puted laws in Kansas ? That is the amount of
it.
This bill does not repeal those laws, and does
not say whether they are valid or invalid, but
provides that, until Congress shall act upon them
in someway, no portion of the money appropri-
ated by this bill shall be employed for the pay-
ment of troops to enforce them. That is the mam
feature which it is proposed to strike out. There
are some other provisions proposed to be stricken
out in regard to disarming the militia of the Ter-
ritory, and the recall of the United States arms
therein distributed, t« which I myself have some
objection; and I voted for the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine to alter the
phraseology bo as to provide merely for recalling
the arms of the United States which have been
distributed in the Territory of Kansas; but I do
not understand that there is or can be any legally
organized militia in the Territory at this time,
and I look upon the words as mere surplusage,
for I deny the authority of the President of the
United States, under the Constitution, to disarm
the people of this country; but as there is no or-
ganized militia in the Territory of Kansas, and
can be none, in my view of the subject, for the
want of any valid law under which to organize,
that branch of the clause will be inoperative,
though I would prefer to have a change of phrase-
ology.
1 nave spoken of the territorial acts as disputed
laws. I wished to treat this matter dispassion-
ately, and was willing to speak of them as
disputed laws, though I know, and the country j
knows, that the fact has been established as j
clearly as any fact can be established by human j
testimony, that the body of mgn purporting to be j
a Legislature, which enacted what are called the
laws of Kansas, had no authority whatever to
make laws. They were a set of interlopers; and
not only is that so, but the President of the Uni-
ted States is committed against any attempt to
enforce their laws. In a message, which he sent
to this body on the subject of Kansas affairs early
in this session, he said:
"If arrangements had been perfected by the Governor, so
theelection tor members of the Legislative Assembly might
be held in the several precincts, at some time, as for Delegate
to Congress, any questions appertaining to the qualification
of the persons voting as people of the Territory, would have
passed necessarily and at once under the supervision of
Congress, as the judge of the validity of the return of the
Delegate, and would have been determined before conflict-
ing passions had become inflamed by time, and before op-
portunity could have been afforded for systematic interfer-
ence of the people of the individual States."
That very thing has now substantially been
done; the House of Representatives have had
under their supervision the return of the Delegate
' of the Territory of Kansas, elected in pursuance
of those laws. They have investigated the sub-
ject; and, in the language of the President, the
question appertaining to the qualifications of per-
sons voting as the people of the Territory, has
been passed upon; and the House of Representa-
tives has decided that the Delegate claiming a seat
under an election held in pursuance of 'the terri-
torial laws, was not legally elected, has rejected
his claim, and sent him home. The President,
then, by his own showing, on the principle which
he himself laid down, that the House of Repre-
sentatives, in passing upon the right of the Dele-
gate to a seat, was the legitimate tribunal to pass
on the right of persons to vote, is estopped now
from denying that the laws are invalid; for if the
House, in passing upon the right to a seat of a
' Delegate elected at the same time as the members
of the Legislature, would necessarily have passed
upon the qualifications of the persons votrng for
members, it follows that they pass upon them in
the same manner in deciding upon the right to a
seat of a person elected in pursuance of laws.passed
by such members. That is a settled point; and
now this bill simply provides that these laws,
proven by the testimony of sworn witnesses be-
fore the Kansas commission, to have been enacted
by a body without authority—that these laws, i
which are shown"to be invalid upon -the test laid j
down by the President himself, are not to be
enforced; or rather, no appropriation of money is
to be made by Congress for enforcing them. Is
it to be expected that the House of Representa-
tives, which has decided these laws to be invalid,
will retrace its steps ? It has rejected a Delegate
for no other reason than because he was not
elected in pursuance of valid law. There was
no contest about the number"of votes which the
Delegate from Kansas received; it was admitted
that he received a majority of votes, if the clec- ^
tion was a valid one, and held in pursuance of'
, law. He had no opposition, I believe; butitwas
i precisely on the ground that the acts of the Ter-
; ritorial Legislature under which that election was
held were void, that he was refused a seat.
Now, if the proposed amendment is agreed to,
! we are to send a bill back to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and say to its members, " Unless you
stultify yourselves, unless you admit those laws
to be valid which you have said were void, and
unless you are willing to appropriate money to be
used in the employment of troops to enforce laws
which you said were so invalid that they could
not lay the foundation for an election of a Dele-
gate from the Territory, the whole Army appro-
priation bill is to be lost, and the consequences
are to be upon the country." I say, sir, if the
Senate is prepared to take such a course, it as-
sumes the responsibility, and the whole responsi-
bility, of thedefeat of this appropriation. It comes
' to us as one bill. I hope, then, if the Senate should
I concur in the amendment proposed by the Sena-
| tor from Virginia, that, when the House refuses
1 to agree to it, better counsels will prevail, and the
Senate will recede and acquiesce in this legitimate
and proper bill, which comes to it from the proper
department of the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 desire to ask the
Senator from Illinois one question in regard to the
very last sentiment he uttered. He .calls on the
Senate to know whether they intend to require
the House of Representatives to stultify them-
selves by retracting the amendment they have
put upon this bill, and he, by inference," places
on the Senate, if they should do so, the respon-
sibility of the loss of the bill. Now I ask that
honorable Senator, who I believe is generally a
fair man, whether he would prefer that the House
of Representatives or the Senate should be stulti-
fied, if one is to be stultified ? If a majority of the
Senate deem these laws to have been properly
formed, and of full force and effect, as they have
declared upon their solemn votes, shall we stultify
ourselves by saying they are not laws, or shall
we send the bill back to the House to correct their
error ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer thq Senator
from Tennessee. I do not wish either the Senate
or the House to stultify itself. I do not wish
either department to be placed in that position;
nor do I understand, that if the Senate were to
agree to the proposition which the House has
sent us, they would do so. ..This clause is care-
fVilly framed. It does not say that the laws are
valid or invalid. It says, that until Congress
shall declare one way or the other, whether they
are valid or invalid, the money appropriated in
this bill shall not be used for the employment of
the troops to enforce them. I look upon this as
a sort of compromise—as a peace-offering thrown
out to the Senate, that we may acquiesce in it
without stultifying ourselves, for it does not say
that the laws are void. The Senator from Ten-
nessee could vote for the bill as it is, and still not
be obnoxious to the charge of stultifying himself,
but could sustain his position on the ground, that
there being a dispute about , the validity of the
territorial laws, until Congress should,settle the
question one way or the other he was willing to
say that the troops should not be used to enforce
them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
it, the Senate have,upon several occasions, voted
on their responsibility for recognizing the legality
of the laws of Kansas.
Mr. WILSON. It is right the other way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand it as you do. Early in the session I took
the position that the laws were valid, and passed
in conformity with the act of Congress, and had
all the forms required for laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inform the Sen-
ator that, while he was absent, on a bill intro-
duced, I think by the Senator from'Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] several Senators expressly admitted
that a portion of the laws were invalid, and a
proviso was annexed to the bill that they should
be abrogated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That, 1 have no
doubt, is true"; I do not believe I was" present
when that bill ♦as passed. There were Senators
who admitted that some of the laws passed by
the Kansas Legislature were invalid 
Mr. FESSENDEN. A majority of the Senate
so voted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But not a single
Senator on this floor, except in this little wing on
the left, have ever controverted the fact, that this
was a bona fide, subsisting Legislature of Kansas.
That point is involved in this bill. It involves
the whole question. If the laws are valid, and
passed in conformity with the requirements of the
organic act, I wish to know if it is not oursOlemn
sworn obligation to see that they are executed,
and to furnish the President with the mehns of
executing them. We are now asked to withhold
from the President the power of executing laws
which I believe a majority of the Senate think
were valid. If I believed with the Senator from
Illinois, I would vote with him; but I do not
agree with him. I believe that the Legislature
which passed the laws were competent to do so;
and it is the solemn obligation of the President to
enforce them, and our equally solemn obligation
to furnish the President Vith the means of en-
forcing them. I cannot, therefore, stultify myself
by voting for this clause of the bill of the House
of Representatives. _ _
Mr. HUNTER. I rise, Mr. President, mom
for the purpose of stating the issue which I pro-
