1806.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Butler, Mr. Mallory, Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
of the House of Representatives say, " we have
passed this act or that act; we have passed an act
that such and such laws shall obtain in Kansas,
that the Missouri line must be restored, and that
no slaveholder shall settle there; and the Govern-
ment shall cease unless you observe the terms
jvhich we prescribe by our act of legislation?"
They say, " we will not only be the popular
branch of the Government, but we will be a
tribune — not of the people, but a tribune of a
section and the organ of a political party," for I
do not believe it ever pervaded a wnole section.
They come here, in the proposed measure, with
legislation and veto. Now, sir, it behooves us to
contemplate what would be the consequence if
this Government were suspended, or enjoined
from proceeding in the ordinary sphere prescribed
by the Constitution—by voting no supplies for
the salaries of the President, the diplomatic corps,
the Army, the Navy, or any one of the branches
of the Government. I do not say that, if this
were done, the Federal Union, or the actual Gov-
• ernment—as it has obtained through the processes
I have indicated—would be at an end; but you
might stop the actual Government without de-
stroying its entire existence, and I do not believe
it would shake the entire American system. I j
do not believe you would shake it if you were
to suspend the meeting of this Congress for five
years. We have State governments at hofne—
State governments of autonomous growth and
existence, and such as are bound together by as-
sociations of comity and commercial intercourse
that can defy reckless factions. But such'a state
of things would offer dangerous temptations.
If the money were to be left in the Treasury
of the United States, under the custody of those
who have to keep it, and the President were an
ambitious man, with the Army at his command^
he could want no better occasion to establish a
militarydespotism. He might come in and take
possession of your Government in the absence of
, the action of your representatives. He, with the
sword of his unpaid Army, could easily find a
pretext to get ata full Treasury. Necessity some-
times dictates duty; and is always a lawless coun-
selor. Nothing is further from my mind than to
suppose any such thing of the present Chief Ma-
gistrate. By hereditary right he is a patriot; and
by actual trial he has shown a determination to
adhere to the Constitution, rather than consult
mere considerations of popularity. Language has
been used of him with a coarseness that shocked,
I hope, the Senate, and for which, in my opinion,
the speaker should have been called^ to order by
the Chair. I do not intend to notice this language
with a view of entering into a gladiatorial con-
test with that Senator. Indeed, I would not with
:4feiy Senator; because the action of the House
involves considerations of much graver import.
Sir, if these members of the House of Repre-
sentatives take upon themselves the responsibility,
as they have the power, (though unconstitution-
ally exercised, I know,) to suspend this Govern-
ment for one or two years, until another President
can be elected, you may break down the Union;
youcannotbreakdown,thankGod! whatl regard
as the security of the American system — you
cannot break down the State governments. _ You
may break down the miserable bond, as it now
exists, which brings their representatives here to-
getherto initiate quarrels. The bond of the Union
is but a name without constitutional vitality and
' strength. Under the name of Union, and under
the forms of confederate legislation, the rights of
• some of the parties to the Federal compact have
been wantonly assailed. The proceedings of Con-
gress have been conducted with the hostility of
an adversary. I solemnly believe,'and I say it
now before the tribunal ofiustice, and of history,
and of posterity, that if Congress had not been
iiheession for the last five years, the people of the
different sections of the United States would have
been on better terms. Sirs, this is your armory;
you make use of the occasions of debate here to
throw your incendiary productions on the people.
You (felude your people. They are deluded, and
are going on, under delusion, to a precipice.
Much is to be pardoned to the spirit of liberty, I
grant you, and if it was under the guidance of
statesmen I might be satisfied; but when madness
rules the hour, and charlatans assume the place
and presume to tread in the shoes of statesmen, I
tremble, but not for a political or presidential con-
test; I do not know where this current is running.
If there is a desire to suspend the Government, I
take it for granted that the House of Represent-
atives will adhere to their amendment; and if
they shall adhere to it, I will go home and be just
as quiet and better-off than I am here, to be con-
tinually taunted and subject to language that I
would not submit to under any other circum-
stances. I would not submit to it if you were an
alien nation. If we were to meet together an
alien nation, and have a congress of different con-
federacies, 1 should be treated with more courtesy
than now exists between member and member
representing the different sections of this Con-
federacy. Sir, they dare not, if they represented
alien, adversary, interested commonwealths, or
confederacies, jeopard the interests of their own
by any such incendiary speeches as are some-
times delivered here. Let the experiment of
suspending the actual operation of the Federal
Government be made; and then the parties will
see that it is their interest to take care of them-
selves. It will be an experiment that will change
the Government.
Suppose the Hotfse of Representatives adhere
to their bill; it is nothing more nor less than the
House of Representatives taking upon itself the
power of putting an end to the actual operations
of this Government, by withholding the neces-
sary money to carry it on. Where is the money
obtained ? Do you suppose the money would be
collected quietly, and counted off when you come
together five years hereafter, if you should ever
come together again ? WUo will have had the
money ? Sir, if an ambitious man was at the
head of your Government, I know who would
have the money. would be very much like
Sylla,when he wanted the Delphic oracle to give
him a response as to how he should obtain money
to carry on the war, when he was invading the
other provinces of Greece. The oracle of the
temple gave a groan of dissent to the application;
but an unscrupulous general had the power of
construing the response; and, under that con-
struction, the treasure was taken to subjugate the
people that had made a,deposit of it in the tem-
ple. Try it as you will, suspend the operations
of the Government, and some one will have the
money; and if we fight for it—I do not know who
will be the strongest; but when you fight at the
temple, it is no longer a matter of mere dialectic
or inflammatory declamation—you must draw the
sword. I do not know who will be the strongest
when the sword comes. Gentlemen who talk
loudest here would be whipped to death by a
class of men whom they know nothing about,
and perhaps the whole of us would be put under
proscription. Sir, the man who invented the
guillotine was one of the first to have his head cut
off by it. Try your guillotine here, as you have
proposed, on this bill, and a change of circum-
stances may subject you to the wheel. It is vio-
lative of the Constitution which you have sworn
to support; but I am not the keeper of your con-
science. You may send us home, and put every-
thing in a state of anarchy. God knows I would
not utter a sentiment so abhorrent to my nature
as to say that I would trust anything but the con-
servative securities of law. I am not willing to
resort to any other arbitrament; but if you have
a mind to trust it, I can take care of myself, and
my community can take care of itself, by the
peaceable dominion of laws with which we are
satisfied; and you dare not invade our borders
without incurring the consequences. The State
I represent has little interest in.the pecuniary dis-
bursements of the Government, and can do very
well without any official relation to the Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I had
hoped that the amendment which I proposed to
the provision in the bill which is under discussion
would be adopted, because, as I stated, that pro-
vision is liable to misconstruction. The intent is
manifest enough, and I do not apprehend that
any evil can arise if it be retained in the bill, even
in its present form. I was anxious, however,
that if there was any misapprehension it should
either be removed, or the responsibility for it rest
upon the other side of the Senate. 1 therefore
proposed to strike it out, anticipating, or hoping,
that there would be no objection, and believing
that, if there was, the majority of the Senate would
manifest their perfect willingness to take upon
themselves all the consequences that might ensue
from retaining it, in case the amendment of the
Committee on Finance should finally fail, and
this portion of the bill be retained. My object
is accomplished. I have no hesitation in voting
to support the bill as it is, because I believe, with
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that
portion of the bill to be perfectly unmeaning in
the shape which it assumes, placing upon it the
construction, that the President is authorized to
disarm the organized militia of the Territory; for
there is no organized militia in the Territory, in
my apprehension.
As I understand, and as those with whom 1
act understand, if it be the fact, that the pretended
Legislature of Kansas has no legal existence at
all, and is a mere usurpation, it had no authority
whatever to organize a militia in the Territory.
Consequently there can be no militia to disarm.
So the bill presents no difficulty arising from
these words, though I would rather have then*
modified as proposed by the amendment which
has been rejected by the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the Senator from
Maine, who says there is no organized militia in
Kansas, whether there is not in fact a militia
organized, properly commissioned, and sworn ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no such thing
as a militia de facto. There may be civil officers
de facto, but not a militia. If it exists at all, it
must be by virtue of law emanating from fcuthor-
ity that has a right to make law. There is no
such militia in the Territory of Kansas .-
Mr. MALLORY. Is there not militia gov-
erned by officers, at least as high in rank as lieu-
tenant-colonel, commissioned, and sworn, and
now in service ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I apprehend not.
Mr. WELLER. Oh, yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do you make it
out?
Mr. WELLER. I have some friends there
holding commissions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be; but I deny
the legality of such commissions. If it is so,
gentlemen can establish the fact if they think it
worth their while. I did not rise, however, to
confine myself to that point, but to explain the
grounds on which I can vote for the bill as it
stands. In doing so, I have no idea of indulging
in any heat, for I have none, at the present time,
in relation to the subject. I shall endeavor, at
any rate, to keep quite as calm and cool as the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] who gave notice that he had not allowed
himself, for a long time past, to say anything
offensive to members of the Senate, and before
he got through, took particular pains to accuse
all the" members on this side of tne Chamber of
purposely deluding and deceiving their people for
political objects, and sending out incendiary
speeches for the purpose of maintaining animos-
ities in the country. If he conceives that to be
parliamentary, or perfectly in accordance with
his uniform principle of never saying anything
offensive to gentlemen here, we have his idea of
what constitutes that which is courteous, and
mild, and calm, and inoffensive, <>n every oc-
casion.
Now, sir, I mean to address myself in a very
few words to the idea which has been advanced
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and reiterated by the Senator from
South Carolina, that in supporting this provision
of the bill we are initiating revolution, that the
effect of the bill is to revolutionize the Govern-
ment, that the necessary consequence of it is an
assumption of revolutionary power. Let us loojt
at the matter and see how it stands in fact. In
order to do so, it is necessary to refer briefly to
a little of the history of the last few years.
The majority of this Senate was elected before
any of the engrossing questions that now arise
presented themselves to the consideration of the
country. Those Senators who passed the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill originally, were elected before
the question had ever addressed itself to the con-
sideration of the people. The majority of the
