1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fesshnden, Mr. Butler, etc.
Senate.
where the necessity is manifest and clear.
is this case' I have alluded to the history of
the subject. We were elected before it presented
itself to the country. We have our opinions.
When 1 say " we, ' I mean the Senate as a
whole. We adhere to those opinions. The House
of Representatives was elected since, and repre-
sents the opinion of the people. How can they
reach thw difficulty?
There has been organized in Kansas a govern-
ment of some sort, which the House say, and
hive ascertained, is illegal in its nature, and an
outrage in its character. We choose to assume,
on the contrary, that it is legal in its character,
aad that its acts are defensible to a certain extent.
The Army is used for enforcing those acta which
the Representatives of the people of the United
States say have no legal sanction, and should not
be enforced. You call upon the people repre-
sented at the other end of the Capitol to appro-
priate raonejr for the support of that Army. They
reply, "We will grant it all; we have no desire
to affect the ordinary course of things in this
Government; but the money which we grant shall
not be used for the purpose of enforcing statutes
which we believe to be unjust, as well as illegal,
and sustaining a government in the Territory
which we believe has no legal existence." Is
there anything wrong in this, or-anything more
than they have the legal and constitutional power
to do? Is it anything more than what, in the
exercise of a sound discretion, they arts bound to
do? I hold not.
Why, sir, what are the propositions submitted
to us in this bill ? As my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] suggested, they do not even
undertake to say that those statutes have no legal
existence; they say it is disputed. This is an (
act of forbearance. The honorable Senator from i
Virginia asks, why they did not add a clause re-
pealing those laws? I ask, if it would suit him |
tetter, why did he not, in his committee, move
an amendment repealing those laws? He has :
the same power to do it that they have; and he
has the majority here at his back to sustain what
he recommends in reference to the matter. He
could have moved an amendment on grounds sat-
isfactory to himself. The House manifested its
forbearance in not choosing to inflame the con-
troversy that exists between the two branches of
Congress, by using terms in reference to Kansas,
the only effect of wnich would have been to excite
farther animosity; and, for that, they are re-
proached by the honorable Senator. Senators
should be consistent. While the Senator from
Virginia reproaches the House with its omis-
sion  |
t.Mr HUNTER. I did not reproach it because j
thought the laws ought to be repealed; but I 1
said, if they thought them wrong they ought to
have repealed them, instead of leaving them in ,!
existence, and providing that they shall not be
executed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 believe I did not mis-
represent the Senator. I understand it as a re- 1
proach. He says they have not done their duty '■
according to their own idea; and if they would
not have these laws executed thev would have ;
repealed them. The answer to the Senator is,
that they chose not to bring that point into dis-
pute. While the honorable Senator from Virginia
reproaches them for a want, or rather for a defect,
of language, the effect of which would have been
to inflame animosities, the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, on the contrary, accuses all of
us of striving to inflame animosity throughout
the country in everything we -do, even in stand- 1
ing up here and defending the bill which has been
sent to us by the House of Representatives. Let ,
me ask the Senator from South Carolina what!
language was used in this debate which could |
justify him in accusing us, even to-day, of en- !
aeavoring to inflame the anger of the people? i
Has not the debate been conducted with perfect
order,
I' jTj
How j of things was running to a crisis arising from ]
inflammatory violent proceedings, and, in my
opinion, an unconstitutional mode of attaining
the end of which I spoke. I did speak of inflam-
matory violence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whether it is unconsti-
tutional or not I have considered; I do not mean
to argue that question over again. The honorable
Senator and I differ entirely on that point; but
how he can make it out unconstitutional for
the House of Representatives, in appropriating
money to annex a condition providing how that
money shall be used, is a mystery to me. He
did not undertake to enlighten lis by going into
particulars to show how and why it was a viola-
tion of the Constitution. I supposed he meant
it was against the spirit of the Constitution. I
believe it is the way of our friends down South,
when the words do not sustain their vieVs, to find
something in the spirit of the Constitution some-
where that will accomplish the same purpose.
But the honorable Senator certainly instances the
debate to-day, and the, course which was taken
to-day, as an additional proof of the desire of the
minority in this Assembly to inflame the people
and excite sectional Efriimosities. I cannot be
mistaken in that.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend to say so,
but I will now ask the gentleman from Maine,
who has generally been regulated, I hope, by a
sense of propriety on matters of this kind, whether
he can approve the language uttered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in reference to the
Chief Magistrate, and on other topics ? I did not
even reply to it; but if the gentleman thinks it is
parliamentary, and is not violent language, and
if he cai*reconcile that to his notions, and assume
to be a critic upon me for in some measure allude
ing to it as, in my opinion, having an unfortunate
tendency, (for I used no epithets except "violent
declamation,'') be it so.
Mr. WADE. I intend to take care of that
matter at a proper time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say 
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Allow me to inter-
pose a word here. The Senator from Seuth Car-
olina supposed the Chair ought to have called the
Senator from Ohio to order. I happened to be
temporarily in the chair at the time, and I heard
no sentiment uttered by the gentleman from Ohio
that 1 did not think he was by regular parliament-
ary rules authorized to use. He denounced the
course of the President as that of a traitor to one
section of the Union—not treason to the United
States; but whatever language he thought proper
to adopt towards any other department of the
Government, except the House of Representa-
tives, as that perhaps is not a separate depart-
ment, he had, by the lexparliamtnlaria, the right,
and he had the privilege secured to him by the
Constitution, to utter. This is my opinion, and
I am ready to vindicate it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand tHe case to be
this: the Senator from Ohio, without any quali-
fication, called the President of the United States
a traitor.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did not under-
stand him so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He did, without any quali-
fication, and afterwards he repeated it with that
qualification. Now, the point that I wish to
make is, whether, inasmuch as by the Constitu-
tion the Senator from Ohio will be one of the
judges of the President, in the event of his im-
peachment for treason, he has not disqualified
himself as a juror by pronouncing that judgment
in advance ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is a question
altogether of propriety in the individual Senator,
Tiage h ewill use towards other depart-
what language
ments of the Government. Thgre is a restriction
as tQ. members of the Senate; and of them he
cannot be personally disrespectful, or impute any
  ^ charge or crime against them contrary to the rules
•der, dispassionately  * ^ j of courtesy; that arising from the necessity of
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman is putting words j maintaining order in debate here. That is the
in my m0uth which I never used. 1 did not say sole restriction. In every other respect he must
that gentlemen were " striving," " intending, ' govern himself by his own sense of propriety. I
or purposing. I used no such words. beg the pardon of the honorable Senator from
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not say Maine for J nterposing; J>ut I did it because the
it was our purpose directly, but that was the idea. * " " " " '
Mr. BUTLER. I did say that the tendency
honorable Senator from South Carolina took occa-
sion to say that th« Chair ought to have called
the gentleman from Ohio to order. I maintain
that ne spoke nothing Writ what he was authorized
to speak by regular parliamentary rules and by
the freedom of debate. That I am ready to sus-
tain, whether 1 sit temporarily in the chair, or
occupy my seat on the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not know that the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee was in the clrair
at the time I spoke of it. My remark was gen-
eral, and I qualified it by saying, that " in my
opinion" it was his duty to call to order.
• Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Perhaps that was
the qualification.
Mr. BUTLER. But I did not undertake to
curtail the liberty of debate. Gentlemen may go
on as far as they choose. I suppose I must take
some share. 1 make no threats on this subject.
I have pretty well made up my mind on matters
of this kina. I do not know whether what I
objected to is strictly in parliamentary order or
not. Some seem to think-so. It may be proper;
it may be in order to use this violent language.
The Senator from Maine, in some measure, has
fone out of his way to characterize my language
ifferent from what the whole character of my
remarks would authorize.
Mr. WADE. I wish to say but a single word;
I do not desire to interrupt the Senator from
Maine. I believe my language was that the Pres-
ident was a traitor to one section of the Union.
That is what I intended, and that is what 1 pre-
sume will be found to be my statement.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is the way I
understood the Senator.
Mr. WADE. But if I had known any stronger
terms to impeach the President,'I should have
used them. I did not speak of the miserable bonds
by which this Union was held together, as I under-
stood the Senator from South Carolina to do. I
did not speak about the fanatical course of the
gentleman, although I did believe there was a
pro-slavery fanaticism that needed as much cen-
sure as any other fanaticism I know of. I did
not speak of assumption. I did not point my
finger at any gentleman, and speak of fanaticism.
However, 1 will take care of that matter in its
proper place, and not interrupt the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. BUTLER. I must appeal to the courtesy
of the Senator from Maine again, though I dis-
like to do it. I said nothing but what the gen-
tleman from Ohio can use if he chooses. I dare
to say he is perfectly at liberty to use my lan-
guage as reported as he thinks proper, either
consistently with its true meaning, or if he chooses
to pervert it. I said nothing against the intrinsic
Constitution of the Union. On the contrary, I
spoke of anything that would interfere with i\,
and produce anarchy as the greatest of calamities.
I spoke of a miserable bond of union which
would exist if any such system of legislation
could be introduced, that a majority of the House
of Representatives could stop the Government.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator if he did not
speak of the miserable bond of this Union ?
Mr. BUTLER. I said in that point of view,
as you were making it, it was so.
Mr. WADE. That is what I stated. You
spoke of that miserable bond—a term which I
did not use.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was induced to allude
to the honorable Senator from South Carolina
certainly not in any unkind spirit, but merely
because he had chosen, perhaps unwittingly, to
designate me as one of the minority of this body
striving, by incendiary speeches, to inflame the
animosity of the people of one section of the
country against the people of another section,
and to delude them. Tnat accusation was dis-
tinctly made against the minority on this side of
the Chamber. Now, sir, from whatever sources
a charge like this may come, I must necessarily
repel it so far as I am concerned, and repel it at
the time it is made, if I am able to do so. While
I wish to treat that Senator with the respect which
is due to him at all times, I must take the liberty
on such occasions to criticise his language and his
arguments precisely as he would take the liberty
to criticise my language and my arguments, if h«
thought them worthy of his notice.
As to my friend from Ohio, it is rather odd to
call on me to express my opinion as to Mis argu-
