1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109®
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
judgment of a court, or any authority at all, but
the direction of a military officer, who ip to en-
force his will at the point of the bayonet.
1 say that, under this provision as it stands in
the bill, the President is authorized to seize men
upon any steamer on the rivers, or any ship on
the lakes, and to use such means as he shall deem
necessary to protect persons and property. He
is made the judge of the mode of redress, and he j
is directed to exercise his judgment, and carry
into effect his will with the musket and the sword, j
1 ask, are you -prepared to convert this Govern- |
ment of law into one of military force? If the ■
Father t>f his Country was in the executive man-
sion—if his genius was wielding our institutions,
I would not intrust even to him, and he would
disdain to accept, such a grant of power, lest it
might be cited as a precedent for a dangerous
man, who might possibly follow in that high
office. Hence,I am amazed to find that gentle-
men, who say they have no confidence in the
President, who proclaim that he has been false to
his principles, and that he is not to be trusted with
the affairs of Kansas, are willing to give him the
exclusive power of making his own will the law,
and the sword the means of carrying that will
into effect.
But,sir, the Senator from Massachusetts, and,
in fact, each Senator on the other side of the
Chamber who has spoken, has told us over and
OTer again that these enactments of Kansas were
forced on the people by fraud and violence; that
the Legislature was illegal, and, therefore, that
all their enactments were null and void. I do
not misunderstand their position. They nod
assent. Is it because the laws are null ana void,
according to their view, that the military power
must be substituted in lieu of these enactments
*to punish murder, robbery, and arson ? They j
assert the right of the House of Representatives
to provide that no act of the Legislature was valid, ;
and hence that none should be respected. They j
give .as a reason why we should bow to the de- i
cision of the House, that that body sent a com- •
m it tee to Kansas to investigate occurrences there, '
and made a report, and the House has now acted j
, intelligently and with an enlightened judgment:
upon the results of that investigation. Without
leaving it to be inferred that I have the slightest t
respect for the report which has been made by j
that committee, or the slightest confidence in the ]
truth of the statements which it puts forth, I
assert that the House of Representatives have
decided the reverse of that which has been stated
in debate. The House of Representatives have
passed a bill entitled " An act to reorganize the
Territory of Kansas, and for other purposes;"
which they affirm and require to be carried
i|Hf legal effect all the laws enacted in Kansas
Territory, except the criminal code. Instead of
the House of Representatives having repudiated
those laws, and instead of having provided that
the laws shall not be executed, they have passed
a bill, and sent it to this body, affirming the
validity of the laws, and directing them to be
carried into execution. I will call attention to
certain portions of that bill. Here is one:
"Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all suits, pro-
cess,and proceedings, civil and criminal, at law and in chan-
cery, and all indictments and informations which shall be
pending and undetermined in the courts of the Territory of !
Kansas or of New Mexico, when this act shall take effect, 11
shall remain in said courts where pending, to be heard,
tried, prosecuted, and determined in such courts as though ,
this act had not been passed." ]
• There is a proviso attached to this which I will
read in a moment; but here it is enacted that all i
suits and proceedings, civil and criminal, at law
or in chancery, pending in the Territory, shall be
prosecuted and determined the same as if this bill
had never been passed. Thus, instead of annull-
ing the laws of the Territory of Kansas, instead
of declaring them null and void, they say by
the unanimous vote of the Republican or aboli-
tion party, by the unanimous vote of those who
have so much sympathy with Kansas, that these \
statutes are not only valid laws, but shall be car- :
ried into effect by the courts of justice, and every
case arising under them prosecuted to a final
decision, with certain exceptions. Now let us
'* see what those exceptions are: j
" Provided, nevertheless', That nil criminal prosecutions j
now pending in any of the courts of the Territory of Kan- '
sas imputing to any person or persons the crime of treason
against the United States, and all criminal prosecutions, by
information or indictment, against any person or persons
for any alleged violation or disregard whatever of what are
usually known as the laws of the Legislature of Kansas,
shall be forthwith dismissed by the courts where such pros-
ecutions may be pending, and every person who may be
restrained of his liberty by reason of any of said prosecu-
tions shall be released therefrom without delay. Nor shall
there hereafter be instituted any criminal prosecution in
any of the courts of the United States, or of said Territory,
against any person or persons, for any such charge of trea-
son in said Territory prior to the passage of this act, or any
violation or disregard of said legislative enactments at any
time."
Thus you find that, while they affirm the legal-
ity of these *£Bftctments of Kansas, and hence the
legality of the Legislature which enacted the laws,
and while they declare that the civil laws shall
be carried out, and all suits pending shall be pros-
ecuted to a conclusion, they say the criminal pro-
ceedings shall be discontinued, and no new ones
commenced. In other words, though our friends
on the other side have told us every day that
the pro-slavery men there were burning houses,
robbing citizens, murdering the inhabitants of
Kansas, and driving the free-State men to the four
winds of heaven, showing no mercy to men,
women, or children, they, believing all these state-
ments, declare that it shall not be lawful for the
President of the United States to allow the hair
of the head of the murderer to be touched, or to
prosecute and confine in the penitentiary the thief
and robber, but that every man who has commit-
ted the outrages of which they complain shall be
turned loose upon the community, and allowed to
perpetrate his deeds of blood and violence with
impunity!
Nov, when the House of Representatives have
thus decided, by the unanimous vote of the pe-
culiar friends of Kansas, that these laws shall
remain in force, that the Legislature was valid,
that their enactments shall be carried into effect
by the courts of justice, why provide that the
President of the United States shall not use the
military power to arrest the criminals who have
murdered the inhabitants ?
But, sir, I have some doubts about the extent of
these murders to which the Senators have alluded,
and these outrages being exactly as represented.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
never rises to speak on one of these bills, that he has
not just received a telegraphic dispatch, or letter
by the last mail, giving a little later information
than the rest of us have received, and guaranty-
ing the correctness of Bis information. 1 remem-
ber that when we had the Kansas bill a short time
ago before us, he rose with his telegraphic dis-
patches, and said athousarid Missounans had just
marched to Topeka, in order to be there on the
4th of July, to seize possession of the Territory;
but it turned out otherwise, and there was not a
word of truth in it. We did not find out that it
was not true until the debate ended, and therefore
his speech goes to the public uncontradicted.
Now he has got a recent letter, and each time the
debate comes up, he has some telegraphic dis-
patches to read, and show that there are new out-
rages in Kansas. We have them in every part
of the country. You know, just before the Con-
necticut election, they had two men from that
State murdered for the benefit of the fusion party
until the election was over. I have forgotten what
their names were, but the Senator from Con-
necticut can tell me, perhaps. They were dead,.
mutilated, and their bones bleaching on the prai-
ries, until after the election, and then they Doth
resurrected. [Laughter.] They were good
enough Morgans" until after the election. Cases
of this kind have not been confined to Connecticut,
but halfe occurred in each State just before el^-
tions, and have served the purpose for which Be
stories were manufactured; and by the time that
one is exposed, another comes on the telegraph,
or through the mails, to take its place. I will call
attention to one that has occurred in my State
recently, and has created immense sensation in
the Abolition camp.
We had <t very honest and worthy man, By the
name of Martin White, in Christian county, Illi-
nois, who was once a member of our Legislature.
The news came, a short time since, that the pro-
slavery border ruffians had murdered poor Martin
White, and his eulogy was pronounced and hia
virtues portrayed on every stump, and in every
newspaper, and in all the political pulpits of the
country, as another victim to the slave power—
as having been brutally murdered and his body
mutilated, for no other reason than that he was a
free-State man. A few days after they got up
that story, and it had been preached in the churches
pretty generally, so far as the ministers were polit-
ical demagogues instead of true followers of the
Savior, a letter from Martin White was received
by his friend and agent, Charles R. Hurst, of
Springfield, Illinois. Martin wrote the letter about
a week after he was murdered, and before he got
the news ! I will read the letter. Martin says,
a week after he was murdered:
" We have had a most exciting time here for the last two
weeks. Two weeks ago last night there were five men and
one boy murdered within a few miles of us. The boy was
fourteen years old. A part of the men who committed the
murder lived within two or three miles of us. They mur-
dered them without any just cause, only because they were
pro-slavery men. It was the moat cold-blooded murder I
ever knew. Their heads were cut open, their throats cut,
their breasts and backs split open to their hearts, and some
of their hands, noses, and ears cut off. Some of them were
not buried until Monday. It was an awful sight to behold.
There were fifteen men in the company that committed the
murder. They had raised two companies of about thirty-five
men each to go to Lawrence to join a nullification meeting
there, and they were driven back by the regulars. This
party of fifteen came back ahead of the balance, and com-
mitted the murders and stole [twenty head of horses, and
then they went back and joined the rest of the company,
who were engaged in stealing horses and negroes. > raised
twenty-three of my neighbors and went to the place where
the murders were committed, and in the evening came on
to the company, but they were too strong for us and we
did not attack them, though they expected it and ran like
devils. The next morning, after being reinforced, we com-
menced taking them, and continued until we got fifteen
of them. On Wednesday we were largely reinforced, and
I met with J. H. Masterson. He was in a company from
Sugar creek. ' Jim' is a whole soldier. X also met with
Harrison Northern; but he was orderly sergeant in a
Westport company. Harrison is a good soldier. On last
Saturday week the companies were divided, and each com-
pany sent off in search of the murderers. The Westport
company started for Hickory Point, and a week ago this
morning they got into an engagement with the Abolition
murderers, and they were all killed and taken prisoners
except five, who made their escape. We don't know to a
certainty how many of our men are killed. There have
large forces gone to release them. It is only twenty-five
miles from us, and yet we have not heard the result in full.
If I hear before I mail this, I will let .you know. We have
enough to do to guard ourselves. We don't know when
we are to be attacked, for they have taken a secret oath to
kill all the pro-slavery men in the Territory, and all that
take up against them. So you will see that the free-State
men are in danger, as well as the pro-slavery men, from these
Abolition Know Nothings.
'J/The Abolitionists have been holding meetings and bid-
dinf defiance to the laws of the Territory and of the United
States, and say that the Constitution and the Union must
and shall be dissolved. Reeder and Lane, who head them,
are no better than they are. We expect to stay here until
the last day in the evening, though there are a great many
families leaving here, and claims can be'tiad for half the
Value of the improvements."
In a postscript he says:
" I have heard from the Westport company. They are
released, and the whole Abolition force taken prisoners.
There is now some prospect of peace here, and if Massa-
chusetts and the clergy mind their own business, it will
continue."
Mr. WADE. What paper is it in ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The State Register, at Spring-
field, Illinois. The letter was written to Charles
R. Hurst, a well-known citizen, and published
by him there, and this is the statement of Martin
White, one of those free-State men who were
murdered by the border ruffians. That story
would be repeated and kept up until after tha
election, if poor Martin had not come to life to
show that the men who were committing the
murders and stealing the horses and the other
property were a gang of Abolitionists acting
under the Emigrant Aid Society of Massachu-
setts.
You will find, as you trace case after case, that
every law-abiding citizen who has gone there
from a free State, although a free-State man, and
opposed to slavery, is to be robbed and murdered
unless he will join theAbolitionists, and resist the
laws of the land. I should never have thought
of quoting Martin White's letter if you had not
had him as one of the victims of the border ruf-
fians. While the Abolitionists are responsible '
for the greater portion of the crimes that have
been committed in Kansas, I have no doubt that
outrages hav$ been perpetrated on both sides,
and that the guilty ought to be punished, and
the innocent protected, without the slightest^ in-
quiry into their opinions on the slavery question.
