1100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wade, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
Hence, I am not willing to vote for any provision
which countenances crime by dismissing the
prosecutions against murderers, robbers, and
thieves.
The object of this provision in this military bill
is to grant an act of amnesty to the men who
murder their fellow-citizens, and cut their throats,
tear open their hearts, and mutilate their bodies.
Why grant an act of amnesty to the wretches
who defy the laws of God and man ? I care not
whether they murder free-State men or pro-sla-
very men, black men or white men, they ought
to be hung by the neck for their crimes. I know
of no law, national or local, Divine or human, that
should call upon me to vote to dismiss the indict-
ments against the murderers, and the thieves, and
the robbers who have created this trouble in
Kansas Territory. I beseech the gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber, if they believe
what they say—if they believe these crimes have
all been committed by the border ruffians and pro-
slavery men, why not allow the offenders to be
punished for their crimes ?
Mr. WADE. Because your judge, before
whom you bring them, is one of the parties.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer that. Sir, in
the House of Representatives, your party, by a
unanimous vote, nas declared that these judges
shall remain in office—that these statutes snail be
enforced in the courts, so far as all th§ civil law or
chancery suits are concerned. If you believed
these judges were corrupt, why did you not, in
the bill which you have passed and sent to us,
provide for vacating or abolishing their offices ?
Why vote to continue them in office ? Why con-
firm their jurisdiction? Why require these very-
judges to preside, and try and determine all suits
and cases pending in the courts, and make the
citizens abide their judgment, if the judges be
corrupt?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him a question. What power has
Congress to remove a judge ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer. This bill pur-
ports to be a bill " to reorganize the Territory of
Kansas, and for other purposes."
Mr. WADE. Oh, you have got another bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have got the bill for which
the Republican party—you object to the word
« black "—in the House of Representatives voted.
I have got the bill that now constitutes the creed
of your party. I have got the bill on whir.hjgrou
propose to go to the country to fight the great
issue. In that bill, by a unanimous vote, when
you had an opportunity to legislate the judges
out of offiav, by repealing the provision of law
creating their offices, you refused to do so, but
continued them in their offices.
Mr. WADE. Let me ask the gentleman-
whether he surrenders to our position on this
present bill when he takes the other ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not surrender to your
position on that bill or any other bill growing out
of this controversy. I do not intend to surrender.
But when you complain, as an excuse for releas-
ing the murderer, that the judge is corrupt, I ask .
you why you did not repeal the judges out of j
office at the time you were repealing a large por-
tion of the organic act.
Then, again, your friends have a majority in
the House of Representatives. By the Consti-
tution of the United States it is the duty of that
House to impeach every corrupt judge. Why
are your friends in the House remaining silent
and allowing corrupt judges to remain in office ?
Why do they refuse to impeach the corrupt judge?
I will give' you an answer.
Mr. WADE. I do not believe we have the
majority there; and if we have, they are culpably
negligent on the very point of which you speak.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator does not be-
• lieve. his friends have a majority, and he says
that if they have they are culpably negligent on
this subject. I tell the Senator that they are cul-
pably negligent if they are honest in their profes-
sions; and hence by his admission every man of
them is either dishonest or culpably negligent, for
no man of them has yet proposed to remove the •
. judges. Have you not one man in your great
people's party who is not culpably negligent?
Can you not -find one of your men whom you
«an trust ? Is there no one of them who will in ti-
rights are being ou tragi
Mr. FESSENDEN.
love a corrupt judge
being murdered, and
when
when
tute proceedings to remove
his fellow-citizens are
;ed ?
I will-suggest another
reason. Perhaps the House of Representatives
has not quite confidence enough in the tribunal to
try these men if they are impeached.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If they have not quite con-
fidence enough in the tribunal which is to try, that
may furnish an excuse for not impeaching the
judge; but I should like to know whether you are
driven to the point, that the reason why you do not
impeach a corrupt judge is that you think your
associates of this body are so cociVpt that they
would not render an honest opinion?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not unlikely the
House want confidence in this body.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, if you do not exactly
think that,^your excuse for your negligent men
in the other House falls.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say that is not unlikely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not unlikely that his asso-
ciates are so corrupt ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not unlikely that the
House of Representatives want confidence.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ah! then, sir, it is not un-
likely that that House of Representatives have
become so degraded that it would not convict a
corrupt judge. Mr. President, did you suppose
the time would ever come, when a majority of the
House of Representatives could be elected who
would shield themselves from their solemn duty
imposed by their oaths, on the pretext, that the
other branch of Congress was so corrupt that it
would not do right ? But I will show you that
that excuse does not avail. The Constitution
says that the House of Representatives shall im-
peach a corrupt judge. Each of your men has
sworn to support it; and you admit now that every
one of your friends has perjured himself, and the
excuse is offered, that he aoe? not think we are
better than any of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will please
not put words into my riiouth that I did not use.
In the first place, I deny that the Constitution
says any such thing as the Senator states. It is
not the language of the Constitution; it is an as-
sumption. What I said was, that it was not
unlikely the House of Representatives supposed
it would not avail them to impeach a judge to be
tried before this body; that is to say, they had
not sufficient confidence in the majority of this
body to believe that any impeachment of that kind
would be fairly tried. I say it is not unlikely—
I make no assertion about it, and no charge, but
I was suggesting what might be a reason. The
Senator will please to represent me as I represent
myself, and not otherwise.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will. He suggests as an
excuse that that House not unlikely think so.
He has some reason for that suggestion: either
he knows the opinions of that House, or he knows
his own heart. Dare he say that he makes the
suggestion because he thinks his associates
Are 
Mr. FESSfeNDEN. It would not be parlia-
mentary to say so, if I thought so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir, it would not be
parliamentary to say it; but it would i>e more so
than to insinuate the charge against his fellow
Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That Senator knows 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine, when he risesr must address the
Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I address the Chair re-
spectfully.*- Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Doe^he Sen-
ator from Illinois yield the fioor?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say the'Senator from
Illinois knows better than that. I made no insin-
uation at ail. I suggested that it was not un-
likely, and the Senator need not pervert my words
and my language. What I think, on proper
occasions, I believe that I dare say. I will state
what I said.„ In the course of his argument
the Senator from Illinois attacked the House of
Representatives. One reason why ap impeach-
ment was not preferred against the judge was
given by the Senator from Ohio. I suggested
another. I expressed no opinion. It was a mere
suggestion,and I putit in these words: " Perhaps
it may be." I did not express any opinion at
all, nor did I profess to know that that was the
opinion elsewhere. The Senator knows that very
well, and he cannot wrest and torture my lan-
guage into anything of the kind which he has
stated. '
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wrest or torture.
When 1 shall make a suggestion, that perhaps the
Senator from Maine is guilty of perjury, I think
j I ought to have some reason for suggesting it—
either somebody told me, or I knew it, or I had
cause to think so. When I make a suggestion
against my colleagues and associates in.the Sen-
ate, I expect to have some reason, either in my
own belief or from some other source.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I disclaim
any such suggestion, and the Senator has no right
to make it on anything I said.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If he did not make the sug-
gestion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator knew very
well before, that 1 made no such suggestion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the Senator tells me
that I knew he did not, I tell him he did make the
suggestion.
Mr.jFESSENDEN. I tell you I did not make
the suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine is not in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Take the vote of-the Senate
on the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take it in any form you
like.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He made the suggestion
that it was perhaps not unlikely that they acted
for that reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield the fioor?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is perfectly well known
that the Senate and House of Representatives are
entirely divided in opinion upon the legality of
the laws of Kansas, and as to the conductor the
officers there. When I said that perhaps the
House of Representatives had no confidence, or
not sufficient confidence in the tribunal that mu,st
try a judge who is impeached, my language ne-
cessarily means that they believed the Senate
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now the Senator confesses
that he made the very suggestion which I charged
on him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess no such thing.
I said perhaps they thought so. I said it on my
own responsibility. It is perfectly well known
that the Senate and the House radically differ in
opinion, both as to the legality of the lawaof
Kansas and the conduct of the judges. MHM
that. I did not say it was a dishonest difference
of opinion. I did not say it was a corrupt differ-
ence of opinion. I made no such insinuation, in
any shape or form. When the Senator chal-ges
me with making an insinuation that a majority of
this body ie corrupt, I say he charges me with
what my language does not justify him in im-
puting to me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let me tell the Senator notor
that he changes my language. I said he sug-
gested that perhaps the House had not sufficient
confidence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator denied that he
made any such suggestion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not. .
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I think he had better
quit at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me explain again.
Either the Senator does not understand me, or I
do not understand him. I said that perhaps the
House thought so. I did not say that perhaps
the House considered a majority of the Senate
corrupt.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You said that perhaps they
had not sufficient confidence in the trying body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; and that want
of confidence need not necessarily be founded on
a belief that that trying body is corrupt. That
is an inference of the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I say that whenever a sug-
gestion is made, as an excuse for the House not
performing their duty under their oath, that they
