1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wade, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
have not sufficient confidence in the Senate created
by the Constitution to try an impeachment, it ja
an imputation on their integrity. With as mu#
propriety might the Senator suggest that a grand
— should not indict a man for murder under the
jury
pretext that a petit jury was corrupt. On the
same pretext, you might suggest that you would
perform no duty imposed by the Constitution
and the law, because some other officer would not
do his duty. An honest man will do his own
duty, and leave other tribunals to do theirs. Sir,
it is a poor compliment to the House of Repre-
sentatives to say that they sustain corrupt judges,
and violate their oaths, and perjure their souls,
because they have not confidence in the Senate!
What becomes of the excuse which is alleged
when you find that they say they will grant an
amnesty to the murderers, and establish a mili-
tary despotism in Kansas for criminal prosecu-
tions, while they leave the civil laws and proceed-
ings to the determination of corrupt judges ? You
cannot escape on the ground that these enactments
are not laws. They have affirmed that in the bill.
You cannot escape on the ground that the tribu-
nals are improper ones. They have approved
the tribunals in the bill.
My colleague said some time ago, that never
could any remedy be prescribed for the difficulties
in Kansas—never could thefe be a fair and honest
election in that Territory, so long as the present
sheriffs and justices of the peace and constables
remained in office. Now, what does the House
bill provide on that point ? In the sixteenth sec-
tion they declare as follows:
" That all justices of the peace, constables, sheriffs,"—
not even accepting sheriff Jones,—
"and all other judicial and ministerial officers who shall be
in office within the limits of said Territory when this act
shall take effect, shall be, and they are hereby, authorized
and required to continue to exercise and perform the duties
of their respective offices as officers of the Territory of Kan-
sas, temporarily, and until they or others shall be duly ap-
pointed and qualified to fill their places in the Territory, or
until their offices shall be abolished."
Here they vote to keep the constables, justices,
sheriffs, and other judicial and ministerial officers,
in office. They were not willing to leave it to
inference whether they should remain. While
they 4enounce sheriff Jones as a bloody mur-
derer—while we have been told that these officers
were all corrupt, and that an honest and fair elec-
tion could never be had as long as they filled their
offices, the Republican party, by a unanimous
vote in the House, in a bill framed by themselves,
voted for by them, declare that each one of those
officers shall continue to perform his duties. So
much confidence have you in them that you
"require" them to remain, including the very
judge of whom the Senator from Ohio spoke as
corrupt. You not only left him in office, but
passed a law declaring it to be his duty to pro-
ceed to the trial of causes and "the adjudication
of cases, thereby giving ah intimation to the Pres-
ident, perhaps, that he ought not to be removed,
or at least there is no contrary intimation that he
ought to be removed.
Mr. WADE. I do not pretend to defend the
House for not going far enough. I know they
have not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He does not pretend that
the House has gone far enough. What was the
opening of this discussion ? The Senator from
Massachusetts rose and said that the Senate, if it
differed Vrith the House, made an issue with the
House, and therefore would be responsible for
the result. If you believe it to be wrong for the
Senate to make an issue with the House, you are
not at liberty to deny the propriety of what the
House has done.
Mr. WADE. That is not very logical.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When you tell us that we
are responsible for all the consequences, if we
take issue with the House on their enactments,
you are not at liberty to disavow those enact-
ments. Ti>u tell the people in your speeches that
these officers are all corrupt; that the sheriffs, jus-
tices of the peace, judges, marshals, and all the
officers, are corrupt.
Mr. WADE. And want hanging.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But yet your party, by a
unanimous vote, has passed a bill to continue
them in office, making it their duty to continue
to perform all the functions now performed by
them. What is more, while you go on Knd repeal
some of these laws, you expressly refuse to
repeal that law which creates these offices, and
makes it the duty of the officers to perform their
functions. Hence, I say, you are estopped from
going before the people and calling these officers
corrupt, after your party has unanimously, under
oath, voted the contrary; for as honest men they
never could have given that vote, if they believe
what you now say, that every one of them ought
to be hung. i
Mr. WADE. I believe so. [
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the Senator tells his
friends in the House of Representatives that they
are perpetuating and continuing in office, over the
people of Kansas, men who ought to be hung.
What confidence can you have in the House of i
Representatives if they will be guilty of acts like j
these ? I say his whole party have unanimously j
given that vote. j
Mr. WADE. When that bill comes up on the •
report of the committee, I will take care of it, so
far as I am concerned. ;
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am not dealing with the !
gentleman individually, but with his party. I '
am after the party that is getting up this revolu-
tion in Kansas. I am dealing with their party
measures. I am not to be answered by saying
that he dissents, or that another man dissents. I
am not dealing with the dissenters; I am dealing
with the party as an organization. ;
Mr. WADE. If I understand the gentleman,
he agrees with me that the House has not been
severe enough on these officers. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not agree with him even ;
in that. I show that his party do not believe
what they say when they call these officers cor-
rupt. I say they are estopped from questioning
the integrity of these officers, and I "do not believe
they ever for a moment dreamed that those offi-
cers were corrupt. I therefore believe what the
vote of the House of Representatives implies, that
these officers are in the main honest, correct, faith-
ful, efficient men. The vote of the House affirms
that position, and 1 am inclined to believe that is
true. j
Now, Mr. President, under this state of the
case, what is our duty with regard to the amend- ;
ment to this bill? It is very clear that the House |
of Representatives believe that all the laws of
Kansas ought to be enforced, except certain crim-
inal laws. If that be the case, we ought not to 1
put a provision on this bill which prevents their 1
execution. The House do not propose to annul ;
the code, for they provide for enforcing all but
the criminal code, and do not even repeal that.
The only laws which the House of Represent-
atives think ought not to be enforced, are the ;
criminal laws. The position of .the Senate on '
that point is, that all the laws ought to be enforced
! there which do not violate the principles of the
Constitution and the organic act—which do not
interfere with freedom of speech and of the press,
and other great fundamental principles of liberty. ;
The Senate has passed a bill declaring all such ,
laws null and void. Thus we have vacated all
the obnoxious laws. You are not willing to
vacate obnoxious laws and stop there. You wish,
in addition, to prevent the execution of the law
that punishes murder. We say no; let murderers
be punished. You wish to prevent the enforce-
ment of the law that punishes larceny. We say
no; protect the honest men, and let the thieves
suffer. You wish to abolish the laws which
; punish robbery. We say no; let the robber wear
out his life in the penitentiary. We agree with
you that any law which violates freedom of speech
ought not to exist; any law which violates mht
other great principle of liberty and justice ougnt
not to exisj. We have passed a bill to abolish
all such laws. If, therefore, you will pass our
bill in the House, you get rid of all the obnoxious
laws, and you preserve all the good ones. You
have come to the point that the civil laws are to
be preserved—that all that relates to persons and
property ought to be preserved except the crim-
inal code. We say that part of the criminal code
which is barbarous and unconstitutional ought
not to continue to exist, and we have abolished it.
The only point of difference between us is, that
you protect the murderer, the thief, the robber,
th« common criminal; and that ii the isteue you
have made up with us when you come to look at
your bills. I frankly confess that I do not think
you fairly understood the full intent of issues you
were making when you made them up; but thus
they stand on the record, thus your votes are
recorded, and thus you must stand unless you
join with us to pass a fair and proper bill, and
allow the people there to elect their own Legis-
lature and make their own laws.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has given us an-
other of those disingenuous, sophistical speeches
for which he is so distinguished in this body. To
the allusions of that Senator to my course upon
the questions growing out of the Kansas contro-
versy, I have a few words to say. The Senator
asserts, with that air of assurance which becomes
him so well, that "whenever the Kansas ques-
tion comes up, the Senator from Massachusetts
always receives« private telegraphic dispatch !"
This assertion, so confidently made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I simply pronounce utterly
untrue. While the question was pending upon
the bill introduced by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] I read a telegraphic dispatch in
the New York papers that came to hand while I
was upon the floor. Upon that foundation, the
Senator from Illinois, with his usual readiness of
assertion, declares that I always receive private
telegraphic dispatches from the Territory when-
ever any question comes up here concerning its
affairs. But the Senator tells us that the dispatch
read by me from the New York Times was untrue.
Sir, I am not responsible for its truth. I found
it in the public papers received while the debate
was going on, and I read it for the information.of
the Senate; but I now tell the Senator that it was
not wholly-untrue—that Missourians were in that
Territory on the 4th of July—on the day the
people's Legislature was dissolved by the dra-
goons of the United States, under the command
of Colonel Sumner. Handbills have been scat-
tered over western Missouri, calling upon the
i people to rally—to go into the Territory, " to be
there to vote." I hold in my hand, sir, a paper
said to have been largely circulated in western
Missouri. I will read this circular, to show the
Senate and the country how your bill—your paci-
fication bill—is understood by border ruffianism:
"Kansas to be hade a slave State !—Missourians,
to your duty !—It may be regarded as certain that the
bill to organize a State constitution in Kansas will, if it has
not already, become a law; it has passed the Senate, and
will pass the House.
" By this bill all who are residents of Kansas on the 1st
of August will be entitled to vote at the election on the 1st
Monday in November, where the destiny of Kansas will ba
fixed forever!
" Every Abolitionist that can be hired will be tljere.
Will Missourians be there to meet them ?
" It is your duty to move at once—make yourselves set-
tiers—get the right to vote—and you will thus secure to all
honest men the right to live in Kansas or Missouri.
'• If Abolitionists from spite, without personal interest at
stake, can come from Boston, will no Missourians, who
have their all at stake, be willing to change their neighbor-
hood, for this is all you do in moving to Kansas ? Who will
" You have the right to go—it is your duty to go—your
interests prompt you to go—your very necessity compels
you to go.
"Go then, at once—be there as settlers—be there to be
enrolled—be there to vote, and thus save yourselves and
your country.
" We are glad to see all around us preparing to move.
Knowing that the day for the final struggle has come, they
do not hold back. Let others do their duty, and we are
saved."
When your bill was pending, I told you that
the slave propagandists—the chiefs of the border
ruffians, would regard it as it was a proposition
to make Kansas a slave State. This circular
shows you that I was not mistaken. We have,
sir, understood your bill. The slave propagandist
understood your bill; and the people of the coun-
try now fully understand your bill.
In response to the taunt of the Senator from
Illinois, that I always receive a private telegraphic
dispatch from Kansas when questions concerning
that Territory come up, I have to say that I have
no telegraphic dispatch to-day from Kansas, but a
private telegraphic dispatch has just been placed
in my hands from Iowa, from Colonel Warren,
giving us the gratifying intelligence that the Repub-
licans have carried the State ticket, both members of
Congress and the Legislature. The Senator from
Illinois assails the bill pawed by the House of
