1103
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
Representatives to subvert the present territorial
government of Kansas, to remove the present ter-
ritorial officers, and to reconstruct the government
of the Territory. With that bill in his hand he
charges the House—the Republican members of
the House, with having indorsed the laws of the
Shawnee Mission Legislature, and the officers
appointed under those laws. Yes, sir, he goes
further—he declares that the bill sustains the
civil cases in the courts, and only proposes to
repeal or set aside the criminal suits—the prose-
cutions for murder, robbery, theft, and arson.
Now, sir, the sixteenth section of the bill to
which the Senator has referred, declares that
"all statutes,,processes, and proceedings, civil
and criminal, shall stand unaffected by this bill.
All that is proposed is simply this—these civil
and criminal suits are to remain in court to be
determined by the proper judicial tribunals; but
all prosecutions for treason, and all criminal
prosecutions for violations of what are known as
the laws of the Kansas Legislature, are to be at
once dismissed. This L understand to be the
meaning of this sixteenth section which the
Senator declares discharges persons for murder,
robbery, and crimes, against the peace of society.
I say that the Senator from Illinois misappre-
hends the act altogether, or he misstates it inten-
tionally. Here is a bill abrogating altogether the
territorial laws of Kansas, and providing for the
entire reorganization of the Territory. It keeps
those men in office who are in office now, only
until they can be superseded under a new organ-
ization; and yet, the Senator from Illinois charges
the Republican party with having indorsed these
in^imous statutes and the integrity and the hon-
esty of the territorial officers.
The Senator from Illinois knows that the Re-
publican party has not a majority in the House,
and that it never had a majority there from the
first day of the session to the present hour. He
knows very well that the Republican party in the
House, and in the Senate are, to a. man, in favor of
the Topeka constitution—of bringing Kansas into
the Union at this session as afree commonwealth.
They have failed to accomplish that object. You
have voted them down, and now they are com-
pelled to accept the best bill they can pass by the
aid of gentlemen outside of their organization.
By the aid of men who do not profess to act with
the Republican party, they passed this bill as the
best they could obtain for the people of Kansas,
who have been and now are oppressed by unjust
laws and unfaithful officials; and they are not
responsible for anything in the bill which does
not come up to their own professed doctrines
before the House of Representatives, the Senate,
and the country.
Then the Senator assails the House of Repre-
sentatives for not having impeached Judge Le-
compte. That Lecompte is corrupt—that he
ought to be ignominiously dismissed from a posi-
tion he has dishonored, I believe to be the opinion
of most men, and if I were a member of the
House I would vote for his impeachment; but I
should vote for it with the fullest conviction that
a majority of the Senate would never convict
him. He has clothed his infamous deeds in the
garb of law; and if the House should present
him here, he would be defended upon the tech-
nicalities of the law, and would escape punish-
ment for his crimes because he had committed
them under color of legal forms.
But the Senator says we, the Black Repub-
licans, do not wish to punish murderers. This
charge is deliberately made against us by the
Senator. He knows this charge to be utterly
unfounded. Cannot murder be punished under
the organic law of the Territory? Cannot theft
be punished under the organic law ? If these
pretended laws of the Territory of Kansas were
blotted out forever, could not murder and theft
and robbery be punished in the Territory? I
am no lawyer, sir, but I believe they could. I
believe, if murders had been committed in the
Territory from the period of its organization to
the passage of the territorial laws, a period of
fourteen months, these murderers could nave been
punished. It is a strange doctrine, that we or-
ganize our Territories without extending over
them, in some form, laws necessary to protect
life, person, and property.
I ask the Senator from Illinois, who arraigns
us before the country—who accuses us with
attempting to release murderers—if the judicial
tribunals of the Territory have ever convicted a
single murderer? "Will he point to one convicted
murderer? Will he point even to one person
who has been tried for that crime, which has
stalked through that Territory? Not one—no,
i sir, not one man has been convicted for murder
' in Kansas. Dow was shot down by Coleman,
and that cold-blooded murderer goes unmolested.
Barber was shot by your Indian agent, Clark,
and he has not been arrested, tried, or convicted;
but your President keeps him in office, and sends
his slanders against free-State men into the Senate.
Brown was hacked to pieces by armed Missou-
rians, cowardly butchered, and his murderers,
though'well known to this day, go unpunished;
, Collins was shot down by Pat Laughlin; to this
day this assassin goes unwhipped of justice.
Cantrell, Jones, and Stewart, were butchered in
cold blood by Buford's "flower of southern
chivalry," whom your Governor Shannon armed
with muskets, and thus licensed to pillage, rob,
steal, and murder. Your Indian agent, Gay, was
shot down for the crime of acknowledging that
he came from the free State of Michigan. His
assassins have not been arrested, and I do not
know that yourjudicial tribunals or Government
officials in the Territory have made the slightest
efforts to bring them to trial.
The Senator tells us that we are in favor of es-
tablishing martial law in that Territory under the
Army of the United States. Sir, it would have
been a blessing to the people of Kansas if they
had been under martial law, under the Govern-
ment of the Army of the United States, during the
last eight or ten months. If that Territory had
been under the government absolutely of Colonel
Sumner, instead of your poor, imbecile, drunken
Shannon, whom "you have just kicked out of an
office he disgraced, I do not believe that the mur-
derers of Dow, Barber, Collins, Brown, Cantrell,
Jones, Stewart; Guy, and others, would havegone
unpunished. T do not believe Lawrence would
have been sacked, free presses destroyed, houses
burned, or that armed men would have prowled
through that Territory, committing murder, rob-
bery, theft, arson, ana other outrages upon the
people.
The Senator from Illinois misrepresents this
provision of the bill which the Committee on Fi-
nance propose to strike out. The House intended
a limitation upon the expenditure of the money
appropriated for the Army. They have a right to
limit it. Suppose we believe the Army ought not
to be used in California, ought not to be used to
sustain the vigilance committee or the Governor
of California: could we not put that provision in
this bill ? If we believe any limitation necessary,
cannot Congress put that limitation in the bill ?
We put limitations and provisoes in many of the
bills we pass. Why not in this ?
Sir, we authorize the President to use the Army
to repel invasion, put down insurrection, and
protect life, liberty, and property. I believe it
is necessary that the Army or the United States
shall be used to preserve peace" and put down in-
surrection; to repel invasion, and to protect the
lives, the persons, and the property of the citi-
zens of the Territory; and I am willing to author-
ize the President to do it, but I am not willing
to vote for an appropriation to sustain the Army
in executing the laws of the Territory, which the
veteran Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
pronounced on this floor infamous—laws, which
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] said,
^hey were forced upon that people by the ille-
§m action of persons in Missouri, ought to be
blotted from the statute-book—laws of which you,
sir, left the chair and took the floor and advo-
cated the repeal, in order to save yourself and
your associates here from the free States. You
nave made a law to shut the free-State men out
of the jury-box. They cannot go into the jury-
box if they believe that slavery cannot legally
exist in Kansas. You close the ballot-box
against them unless they will Swear to support
the fugitive-slave law of 1793 and 1850. These
test oaths prevent the people of the Territory
from righting themselves at the ballot-box.
These oaious, infamous acts, are fastened upon
them. You want to execute these odious statutes,
afld you ask us to put the Army of the United
^ptes, and $12,000,000, into the hands of the
President to execute those laws. All we ask of
you is this: The House gives you this bill, with
only this limitation, that the Army shall not be
used to execute those laws, and that you shall
disband your militia and recall the arms distrib-
uted to them.
Sir, the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
tells us that, if one branch or the other forces its
opinions upon the other, that act is revolutionary.
Sir, on the 1st day of March, 1855, the Senator
from Virginia, chairman of the Committee on
; Finance, the Senatorfrom Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr, Butler,]
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, all
gave their votes to incorporate into the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill a revenue law which
the House had put into that bill, although the
amendment was wholly inconsistent with the ap-.
. propriation bill. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] moved to strike out that portion
of the bill as it came from the House, and those
three Senators stood up in the face of the Senate,
and gave their votes against striking out the rev-
enue act placed by the House of Representatives
into your civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Those Senators now treat this proposition, not to
put in a revenue bill, not to repeal any law, but
simply to limit the appropriations in this bill, and
the mode of expending the money, as revolution-
ary ! The House of Representatives had a rightto
put these reservations in the bill. There is no Sen-
ator here who does not knowtheyhad the right.
I You vote these limitations day by day, and they
may be found in hundreds of your laws from the
foundation of the Government to the present time,
yet you arraign the House of Representatives
and the Republican party, and falsely declare that
we are undertaking to revolutionize the legisla-
i tion of Congress.
The Senator from RernucKy [Mr. Thompson]
denounced this mode of legislation, and referred
to those days when the country was dignified by'
having a John Tyler instead of a Franklin Pierce
for President. I put a question to that Senator—
suppose " fanatics" from Ohio, a hundrea thou-
sand strong, should march over the Ohio river
at some election, take possession of the polls in
Kentucky, impose a Legislature on Kentucky,
and extend the laws of Ohio over that State, and
impose upon the people test oaths which would
keep them from the polls, would he vote to au-
thorize the President of the United States to use
the Army of the United States to enforce the law-
less acts of this invasion upon the people of Ken-
tucky, when they were struggling for their lost
rights? No, sir, he would not do so. Yet that
is the whole question. But this is a question
connected with slavery. If it were any other
limitation, there is not a man here who would
oppose it. The object is to make Kansas a slave
State. That is the object, I say, of your bill,
which lies on the table In the House, and will lie
there, I trust, forever.
Jt is the object of that bill, to which the Sen-
ator from Illinois has alluded to-day, as a con-
cession to the friends of free Kansas. It is so
understood by the whole country, so treated by
the country, and there is not a friend of free Kan-
sas that does not so regard it. There has come
more than one letter signed by .the men you hold
1 in bonds in Kansas—Robinson, Smith, and their
associates—saying to us that the passage of that
bill, under present circumstances, is the estab-
lishment of slavery in Kansas. Early in July, I
received the letter I hold in my hand from the
noble-hearted men you hold under military guard
in Kansas, under charges of high treason and
constructive treason. These patriotic men have
devoted their lives to the cause of free Kansas;
and their opinions concerning your^bill, first
proposed by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and which you ask us to take as a
measure of pacification and of compromise, fully
sustains the position we assumed when it was
pending in this body. I will read it; and I ask
the attention of honorable Senators to it who
thought we were unreasonable in denouncing the
bill'as a measure to make Kansas a slave State:
