1104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Tiiimbull.
Senate.
the Government, if we refuse to pass this proviso,
and adhere to our refusal, as we nave to complain
of them for passing it. It is a question of which
shall have their own way, and whether either
shall yield. We have no privileges above them,
and they have no privileges above us. They
send ue an appropriation bill providing for the
wants of the Army, and they say the Army shall
not be employed m a particular manner. I ac-
cept the suggestion, and a very valuable sugges-
tion it is, which comes to me from my friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] that this is a
very different thing from appropriating for the
wants of the Army, and then directing, affirma-
atively, how the Army shall be employed. There
we might be trenching upon rights and duties not
our own; bnt when we say the money that is j
thus appropriated shall not be used for a par tic- 1
ular purpose, we are exercising only a legitimate
and proper power. I am unable to see in the au-
thorities which the Senator has read, or the rea-
soning with which he sustains them, anything
which seriously militates against the propositions
I advance. |
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a few words
in reference to this attempt to shift the responsi-
bility from the Senate upon the House. If I
properly understand the hill which is before us,
and it falls between the two Houses, by reason of ;
the refusal of the House to concurin the Senate's
amendment, the Senate is responsible, and I think
I can sustain that position so that it cannot be
successfully controverted even by the Senator
from Virginia.
Suppose that, instead of excepting Kansas out of
the appropriations, as has been done, the bill had
gone on to specify that$100,000 should be appro-
priated for paying the troops who are in Oregon;
$100,000 for those in New Mexico; $1,000,000
somewhere else, uatil the sum total provided for
by the bill, some $12,000,000, was exhausted,
without appropriating one dollar for the payment
of troops in Kansas. The Senator from Virginia
proposes an amendment, that a part of this money
shall be paid to the troops to be employed in
Kansas, and the House refuses to agree to it;
and because the House will not give way and
appropriate money to pay troops in Kansas,
therefore he and the Senate will adhere to that
proposition, and refuse to pass a bill to pay for
the troops in every other part of the United States.
That is this case; but to avoid writing out a bill
providiug for the payment of troops in every other
portion of the country, an exception is made, as
is often done, and that none of the money appro-
priated by this bill shall be used to pay troops in
a particular region of the country. It is the
same thing in substance as if the House had gone
on and affirmatively provided that every dollar of
money appropriated by the bill should be paid
out to troops in other portions of the country
than Kansa#. The proposition of the Senator
from Virginia amounts to this, and nothing more:
it is saying to the House of Representatives,
" Unless you pass a bill paying troops in Kansas,
not a dollar shall be appropriated for the pay-
ment of your Army anywhere." That is the
proposition and the issue; and the naked issue is
presented, whether the Senate will force the other
departments of this Government to pay troops
for enforcing laws which one branch of Congress
believe are void, or whether this whole appropri-
ation bill shall fail. I say the responsibility is on
those who urge the amendment, and who say
that the House of Representatives shall not ap-
propriate money paying for the services of the
j^rmy in any portion of the country unless it will
agree to pay for its services in Kansas.
But, sir, as I am up I will say something in
regard to the positions assumed by my colleague,
lie has undertaken to present before the country,
as an issue, that those who are in favor of this
bill, as it passed the House, are in favor of licens-
ing murders, and robberies, and theft, and crime
of all sorts; and he speaks of the provision pro-
posed to be stricken out as being unconstitu-
tional ! He says that it is the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States to enforce the laws of
the land, and then goes on to argue as if some
portion of the bill sent here from the House of
Representatives had provided that the President
should not enforce the laws of the land. Sir,
there is no such provision in the bill. What is
the provision ? It is—
"That the military force herein provided for shall not be
employed in aid of ti e enforcement of the enactments of the
legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas, recently
assembled at Shairnee Misiion, until Congress shall have en-
acted either that it was or was not a valid Legislative Assem-
bly chosen in conformity with the organic law, by the people
ot the said Territory."
We deny that those are the laws of the land.
Why, sir, this bill does not provide for licensing
murder and robbery and theft. These are the
mere fancies of the fruitful imaginations of him
who comments on this bill. They are not in it.
Cannot murder be punished without the aid of
the military power ? Cannot robbery and larceny
and all other crimes be punished without its aid ?
What a reflection is it on the people of the United
States, thjit murderers are to go unpunished, that
robbers and thieves are to stalk with impunity
through the land, unless the aiiny of the United
States is brought to bear upon them to bring them
to punishment! Sir, the public sentiment of this
country withoutj^ny army brings offenders to
justice.
This bill does not repeal the territorial laws if
they are valid. The same safety will - exist in
Kansas after this bill shall have passed that exists
there now, except that troops of the United
States are not to be paid for enforcing any terri-
torial laws. But if they are valid acts—if they
are acts of a valid Legislature—they will have
just as much force after the passage of this bill,
as they have now; and if they are valid, the
public sentiment of Kansas will sustain them.
We have come to a sad pass, indeed, and a sad
state of things, when the laws in any State or
Territory in this Union only have that force and
validity which the strong arm of military power
can give them. It is a humiliating confession,
that the territorial acts cannot be enforced with-
out military aid. It is a confession that they are
against the public sen timent of the people of Kan-
sas. They would need no troops for the purpose
of enforcing them if they were the legitimate
and proper laws of a legitimate Legislature.
But, sir, no such consequences follow, as my
colleague suggests, for another reason. I would
like to ask the Senator what was the condition of
the people of Kansas from the time of the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, until the meet-
ing of the Legislature, so-called, and the enact-
ment of these so-called territorial laws ? Was
there any provision during that period of more
than a year for the punishment of murder ? Did
highway robbers and thieves have free license in
the Territory during all that time ? More than a
year intervened after the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act, before any Legislative Assembly,
whether genuine or false, sat in that Territory;
and What was its condition in the mean time ?
Why, sir, according to my understanding of the
laws of the land, there was abundant provision
for punishing criminals. In the first place, the
laws of the United States provided, as long ago
as 1790, a criminal code, punishing murder, and
larceny, and robbery, and all offenses of this
kind, " if committed within any fort, arsenal,
dock-yard, magazine, or in any other place or dis-
trict of country under the sole and exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the United States."
If the Territory of Kansas, until it becomes
organized, is under the jurisdiction of the United
States, here is a criminal code providing abund-
antly for the punishment of offenders. If no
Legislature has ever been held in the Territory
of Kansas, that Territory is still unorganized,
and under the exclusive control of Congress.
We have sent judges there, and offenders of the
character spoken of may be brought to justice
before them. That is one answer to the argu-
ment, that anarchy will ensue unless the so-called
territorial,laws are enforced; for if there are no
such laws the people will be in no worse condi-
tion than they were before any Legislative As-
sembly met.
Another answer is, that if the Legislature was
a valid one, the laws remain in force, and the
public sentiment of the people will sustain them
without any aid from the Army of the United
States.
Another answer, and a sufficient one to my
mind, is this : th« Territory, or what now con-
stitutes the Territory, of Kansas was part of the
Louisiana purchase. At the time we acquired
tbat Territory there were in force laws for the
punishment of criminal offenses, and those laws,
if none others have been passed repealing them,
are in force in Kansas to-day. Wliere is the
repealing statute ? There is a repealing clause
in the organic act establishing the Territory of
Kansas, which provides that no law heretofore in
force in the Louisiana Territory, either prohib-
iting or establishing slavery, shall have force or
validity in the Territory. But there is no pro-
1 vision in the organic act, that the other laws in
force in the old Louisiana Territory shall not
have validity in the Territory of Kansas. So
you see, sir, that no such consequences will fol-
low the refusal to adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia, as my colleague has
painted here.
Again, my colleague objected to that part of the
appropriation bill which provides that—
The President shall use the military force to preserve the
peace, suppress insurrection, and repel invasion.
Why, sir, that is the requirement of the Con-
stitution. Another portion of the bill requires
him to protect persons and property upon the
; national highways, in the State of Missouri, or
j elsewhere, from unlawful seizures tind searches.
Is not that his duty? But a few days ago, sir, a
i boat passing up the Missouri river, a great na-
tional highway, which has been declared over
: and over again, by acts of Congress, to be for-
ever free to the citizens, not only of Missouri,
but the-United States, was entered by lawless
men, and its passengers robbed of their property;
their boxes and trunks were'broken open, and
' their goods taken, and they themselves compelled,
' by superior force, to return down the river and
submit to be landed upon the bank of the Mis-
sissippi. Is there no power in this Government
to arrest such an outrage as that? Why, sir, if
it had happened in the Gulf of Mexico or in the
approaches to Charleston or New York, or upon
any river where the tide ebbs and flows, the per-
i sons who committed the outrage would have been
! deemed pirates, and by the laws of the country
would have subjected themselves, on conviction,
to the punishment of death; yet it is said there is
no power to punish a similar offense committed
upon the great highways of the nation, lying in
the interior. If the citizens of a foreign Govern-
ment had boarded one of our vessels and robbed
any of. the ship's company, the treasure of the
country would have been poured out, and its cit*
izens would have been called to arms to avenge
the wrong. Sir, away off in a foreign country, in a
far distant part of the globe, a foreigner who had
barely come to the United States and avowed his
intention at some time to become a citizen, was
arrested; and when the fact was made known to
an officer of our Navy happening to be in that
part of the world, without waiting for orders from
home, he took upon himself the responsibility of
rescuing the imprisoned man, and that, too, at the
peril of his own life and the hazard of a battle
with superior force, if necessary to effect the
object. .The country has justified the act and ap-
plauded the officer who dj^l it. While this is
done for a person not yet a citizen, arrested upon
the far-off coast of Asia, your own citizens by
hundreds have been robbea and plundered upon
one of the great highways of the nation; and we
are told that th.ere is no remedy for the wrong !
Sir, Congress may confer on the President the
same power to protect the steamers upon the
Mississippi and Missouri rivers that he has upon
the great highway of the ocean.
We are told that the only law which is to be
enforced in Kansas, according to this bill, is the
military law. Sir, I have answered that position;
I have shown that it is not so; and that all the
acts of this assumed Legislature, if valid, are left in
force. It will not do for the Senator [Mr. Doug-
las] to say that this is inconsistent in the House.
The House has passed a bill for the a^pnission of
Kansas into the Union as a State; but what has
the Senate done with it ? When the bill caine up
here, they struck it out and inserted in its place
a bill of their own. What does the House then
do? It adopts the provision now under consid-
eration as some sort of relief. Admit that it is
inconsistent with the position which the Housq
