1108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Ajfhirs—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
tended but invalid laws are enacted by usurpa-
tion, and enforced by the President of the United
States in the Territory of Kansas, with the terror,
' if not with an actual application, of the military
arm of the Government. At least, this is the
case assumed by the House of Representatives.
The case is altogether a new one. It has not
occurred before. It has never even been sup-
posed possible that such a case could happen in
a Territory of the United States. The idea has
never before entered into the mind of anA.meri-
can statesmen, that citizens of one State could
with armed force enter any other State or Ter-
ritory, and by fraud or force usurp its govern-
ment, and establish a tyranny over its people,
much less than a President of the United States
■would be found to sanction such a subversion of
State authority or of Federal authority; and still
less, that a President thus sanctioning it would
employ the standing Army to maintain the odious (
usurpation and tyranny.
Sir, the mere fact, in this case, that the Army is
required to be employed to execute alleged laws
in Kansas, is enough to raise a presumption that
those laws are either wrong in principle or des-
titute of constitutional authority, and ought not
te be executed.
The Territory of Kansas, although not a State,
is, or ought to be, nevertheless,a civil community,
with a republican system of government. In
other words, it is de jure, and ought to be de
facto, a republic—an American republic, exist-
ing under and by virtue of the Constitution of
the United States. If the laws which are to be
executed there are really the statutes of such a
republican government truly existing there, then
those laws were made by the people of Kansas
by their own voluntary act. According to the
theory of our Government, these laws will be
acquiesced in by that people, and executed with
their own consent against all offenders, by means
of merely civil police, without the aid of the
Army of the United States. The Army of the
United States is not a mere institution of domes-
tic police; nor is it a true or proper function of
the Army to execute the domestic laws of the
several States and Territories. Its legitimate and
proper functions are to repel foreign invasion,
and suppress insurrections of the native Indian
tribes. It is only an occasional and incidental
function of that Army to suppress insurrections
of citizens seldom expected to occur.
This Capitol is surrounded by a national me-
tropolis, and its streets, lanes, and alleys are
doubtless filled with misery and guilt, adequate
to the generation of all sorts of crimes. Yet the
laws prescribed for municipal government within
the District of Columbia are executed without
the aid of the Army of the United States. Neither
House of Congress, nor the Common Council of
W ashington, nor the Common Council of George-
town, nor the President of the United States, nor ]
the marshal of the District of Columbia, nor yet j
the Mayors of either of those cities, nor any court
within the District, is attended by any armed
force or detachment, or protected even by an \
armed sentinel. j
Why is this so ? It is because the people ac- j
quiesce, and the laws execute themselves. This
case of the District of Columbia is the strongest I
which can be presented against the principle for \
which I contend, for the people of the District
are actually disfranchised, out of regard to the
security of the Federal Government.
_ Look into the States—into Maryland on one
■ide of the Federal capital, and into Virginia on
the other; into Delaware as you ascend north-
ward, into North Carolina as you descend south-
ward , into Pennsylvania and into South Carolina,
into New Jersey and into Georgia, even into
Maine and into Texas; go eastward—go west-
ward, throughout all the States, throughout even
the Territories, Minnesota, Utah, Washington,
Oregon, and New Mexico—everywhere through-
out the Republic, from the Gulf of St. Lawrence
to the Gulf of Mexico, from the Atlantic coast
to the Pacific ocean—everywhere, except in Kan-
sas, the people are dwelling in peaceful submis-
sion to the laws ^rhich they themselves have es-
tablished, free from any intrusion of the Army of
the United States. The time WU  and that not
long ago, when a proposition tQ (jlPploy the
standing Army of the United States as a domestic
police would have been universally denounced as
a premature revelation of a plot, darkly con-
trived in the chambers of conspiracy, to subvert
the liberties of the people, ana to overthrow the
Republic itself.
The Republic stands upon a fundamental prin-
ciple, that the people, in the exercise of equal
rights, will establish only just and equal laws,
and that their own free and enlightened public
opinion is the only legitimate reliance for the
maintenance and execution of such laws. This
principle is not even peculiar to ourselves—it lies
at the foundation of the government of every free
people on earth. It is public opinion, not the
imperial army, that executes the laws of the realm
in England,Scotland, and Ireland. Whenever
France is free, it is public opinion that executes
the laws of her republican legislature. It is public
opinion that executes the laws in all the cantons
of Switzerland. The British constitution is quite
as jealous of standing armies as a police, as our
own. Government there, indeed, maintains stand-
ing armies, as it does a great naval force; but it
employs the one,as it does the other, exclusively
for defense, or for conquest against foreign States.
Fearful lest the armed power of the State might
be turned against the people, to enforce obnox-
ious edicts or statutes, the British constitution
forbids that any regular army whatever shall be
tolerated, on any pretense. The considerable
military force which is maintained in different
and distant parts of the Empire, only exists by
a suspension of that part of the constitution, which
suspension is renewed by Parliament from year
to year, and never for more than one year at a
time. Civil liberty, and a standing army for the
purposes of civil police, have never yet stood
together, and never can stand together. If I am
to choose, sir, between upholding laws, in any
part of this Republic, which cannot be maintained
without a standing army, or relinquishing the
laws themselves, I give up the laws at once, by
whomsoever they are made, and by whatever
authority; for, either our system of government
is radically wrong, or such laws are unjust,
unequal, and pernicious
Such is the presumption against the pretended
laws of Kansas, which arises out of the propo-
sition in debate. I shall not, however, in so grave
a case, leave my argument to rest upon mere pre-
sumption. Listen to me while I recite some of
the principal statutes of the Territorial Legisla-
ture of^iansas, which the Senate, differing from
the House of Representatives, proposes to enforce
at the point of the bayonet against citizens of the
United States:
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to the holding
of slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, shall be a juror in any cause in which the
right to hold any person in slavery is involved, nor in any
cause in which any injury done to, or committed by, any
slave, is in issue, nor in any criminal proceeding for the
violation of any law enacted for the protection of slave
property, and for the punishment of crime committed against
the right to such property." i
Here is an edict which subverts that old Saxon
institution, which is essential and indispensable,
not only in all republican systems of government,
but even in every free State, whatever may be the
form of its government. The question has been
asked a thousand times, Why does the republican
system fail in Spanish America ? The answer is
truly given as often, that the republican system
fails there, because the trial by jury has never
existed in Spanish America, ana cannot be intro-
duced there.
Lend your ear, if you please, while I repeat
another of these statutes of the Territory of
Kansas:
" Ml officer* elected or appointed under any existing or j
subsequently-enacted laws of this Territory, Bhall take and
subscribe the following oath of office : ' i, , do sol-
emnly swear, upon the holy Evangelists of Almighty God,
that I will support the Constitution of the United States, and
that I will support and sustain the provisions of an act en-
titled " An act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and i
Kansas," and the provisions of the law of the United States
commonly known as the "fugitive slave law," and faithfully
and impartially, and to the best of my ability, demean my-
self in the discharge of my duties in the office of ; so
help me God.'"
Here is an edict which establishes a test oath,
based on political opinion, and, by disfranchising
one class of citizens, devolves the government
upon another class, and thus subverts that prin-
ciple of equality, without which no truly repub-
lican government has ever existed, or ever can
exist.
Excuse me, Senators, for calling to your no-
tice a third chapter in the territorial code of
Kansas:
" If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in this
Territory, or shall introduce into tliis Territory, print, pub-
lish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into tins'
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated, m this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circu-
lar, containing any denial of the right of persons to hold
slaves in this Territory, such person shall be deemed
guilty or felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard
labor for a term of not less than two years."
" If any person print, write, introduce into, publish, or
circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written, pub-
lished, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or Circulating, within
this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinion, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated
to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffec-
tion among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such
slaves to escape from the service of their masters, or to
resist their authority, he shall be guilty of felony, and be
punished by imprisonment and hard labor for a term not
less than live years."
Sir, ever since the debate about the extension
of slavery in the Territories of the United States
began, I have,from year to year, from month to
month, and sometimes even from day to day, in
this place, and at other posts of public duty,
spoken, written,printed,published^and circulated
speeches, books, und papers, which construct-
ively would be pronounced felonious, if such a law
as this had been in force at the place where that
duty was performed. I have not hesitated in the
spirit of a free man, and, so far as I can claim
such characters, under the responsibilities of a
statesman and a Christian, to scatter broadcast
over th^ land, and even throughout the Territory
of Kansas itself, statements, opinions, and senti-
ments, which, though designed for a purpose dif-
ferent from that mentioned in this edict, I doubt
not would, by prejudiced judicial construction, be
held to fall within its inhibition. Whatever other
Senators may choose to do, I shall not direct the
President of the United States to employ a stand-
ing army in destroying the fruits of freedom
I which spring from seeds I have conscientiously
sown with my own free hand. This statute, sir,
if so you insist on calling it, subverts the liberty
j of the press and the liberty of speech. Where on
earth is there a free Government where the press
is shackled and speech is strangled ? When the
Republic of Franca was subverted by the First
Consul, what else did he do, but shackle the
press and stifle speech? When the second Napo-
leon restored the Empire on the ruins of the later
Republic of France, what else did he do, than to
shackle the press and strangle debate ? When
Santa Anna seized the Government of Mexico,
and converted it into a dictatorship, what more
had he to do than shackle the press and stifle po-
litical debate
Behold, Senators, another of these statutes.
In the chapter which treats of the writ of habeas
corpus we have this limitation:
1 " No negro or mulatto held as a slave within this Terri-
tory, or lawfully arrested as a fugitive from service from
another State or Territory, shall be discharged, nor shall Ins
right of freedom be had under the provisions of this act."
This is an edict, which suspends the writ of
habeas corpus. It relates indeed to a degraded
class of society, but still the writ which is taken
aifray from that class is the writ of habeas corpus,
and those who are to be deprived of it by the
edict may be freemen. The State that begins
with denying the habeas corpus to the humblest
and most obscure of freemen, will not be long in
reaching a more indiscriminate proscription. _
It ought to be sufficient objection here, against
all these statutes, that they conflict with the Con-
■ stitution of the United States, the highest law
recognized in this place. I myself denounce
them for that reason, as I denounce them also
because they are repugnant to the laws of nature,
• as recognized by nearly all civilized States._
! Pardon, I pray you, Senators, the prolixity of
| the next chapter, which I extract from the Kan-
sas code:
j " Every person who may be sentenced by any court ot
' competent jurisdiction, under any law in force within thif
: Territory, to punishment by confinement and hard labor,
