1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Seward.
.Senate.
skall be deemed a convict; and shall immediately, under
ihe charge of the keeper of such jail or public prison, or
under the charge of such person as the keeper of such jail
or public prison may select, be put to hard labor, as in the
tirst soctmn of tins act specified, to wit: ' on the streets,
mads, public buildings, or other public works of the Terri-
tory'—(See. 1, page 146;) and such keeper or other person,
having charge of such convict, shall cause such convict,
wlule engaged at such labor, to be securely confined l>y
acWti. ilt frrt in length, of not less than four sixteenths
nor more than three eighths of an inch links, with a round
ball oif iron, of not less than four nor more than six inches
in diameter, attached, which chain shall be securely fas-
tened to the ankle of such convict with a strong lock and
kfv; and such keeper, or other person, having charge of
sach convict, may, if necessary, confine such convict, while
so engaged at hard labor, by otktr chains, or other means,
in his discretion, so as to keep such convict secure, ana
prevent his escape ; and when there shall be tiro or more
convicts under tlie charge of such keeper, or other person,
such convicts shall be fattened together by strong chains,
with strong lock/and keys, during the time such convicts
shall be engaged in hard labor without the walls of any
jail or prison."
I have devoted, heretofore, no unimportant part
of my life to mitigating the severity of penal
codes. The Senate of the United States now
informs us, that if I desire the privilege of voting
for this bill, which is designed to maintain the
Army of the United States in its integrity, I
must consent to send that Army into the Terri-
tory of Kansas, to fasten chains of iron six feet
long, with balls of iron four inches in diameter,
with strong locks, upon the limbs of offenders
guilty of speaking, printing, and publishing,
principles and opinions subversive of the system
of slavery.
Sir, I have no excessive tenderness in regard to
taking life or liberty as a forfeiture to the majesty
of the laws, for the invasion of the peace and
safety of society. Yet I do say, nevertheless,
that I regard chains and balls, and all such im-
plements and instruments of slavery, with a det-
estation so profound, that I will sooner take
chains upon my own frame, and wear them
through what may remain of my own pilgrimage
here, than impose them, even where punishment
is deserved, upon the limbs of my fellow-men. I
cannot consent to go backward, and restore bar-
barism to the penal code of the United States,
even for the sake of an appropriation to maintain
the Army of the United States for a single year.
The Kansas code rises, as you advance through
it, to a climax of inhumanity. Here is the next
chapter:
" If any person shall aid or assist in enticing, decoying,
or persuading, or carrying away, or sending out of this Ter-
ritory, any slave belonging to another, with intent to pro-
cure or effect the freedom of such slave, or with intent to
deprive the owner thereof of the services of such slave, he ,
shall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and on conviction
thereof shall suffer death, or be imprisoned at hard labor for
not less than ten years." >
Pray tell me, Senators, what you think of that?
This statute has been promulgated in Kansas, a
Territory of the United States. It can have
become a law there only, directly or indirectly,
through the exercise of the legislative power of
the Congress of the United States. The Con-
stitution of the United States confers upon Con-
gress no power whatever to consign any human
being to a condition of bondage or slavery to
another human being; but, on the contrary, pro-
hibits the exercise of a power so inhuman and
barbarous.
The Constitution of the United States, conse-
quently, confers on Congress no power, directly
or indirectly, to make it a crime in one man to
perauade another, reduced to bondage or slavery,
to seek his freedom. I repudiate this pretended
law, therefore, and I will not consent to send the
Army of the United States to Kansas to execute
it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him whether the law to which he has just
adverted is not a law of the State of Missouri,
adopted by the Territory of Kansas ?
Mr. SEWARD. I presume it is, but I do not
know that fact.
Mr. MASON. Does not the Senator know
the fact that it is part of the body of laws of the
State of Missouri, adopted by the Territory of
Kansas ?
Mr. SEWARD. I say I presume it to be so;
I do not know the fact. Sir, 1 am here asked,
while voting $12,000,000 to support the Federal
Army, to make it a crime against the United
States, punishable with death, to persuade a slave
to escape from bondage, and to command the
Army to execute that punishment. I cannot do
that.
Mr. REID. I dislike to interrupt the Senator,
but there is one point on which I aesire to know
his opinion, for it is important, certainly, to one
section of the Union. The course of the Sena-
tor's argument seems to incline to the opinion,
on his part, that it is no crime to persuade or to
entice a negro slave to run away from his master.
Is that the opinion of the Senator from New
York ?
Mr. SEWARD. There is no Senator for whom
I have more respect than the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, but I have a rule—which
is, to adhere to my own line of argument. I am
defending my vote on a bill before the Senate. I
shall go into the discussion of no collateral ques-
tion, further than it is necessarily involved in the
argument which the occasion requires. I call
your attention to another of these enactments:
" If any person shall entice, decoy, or carry away out of
this Territory, any slave belonging to another, with intent
to deprive the owner thereof of the services of such slave,
or with intent to effect or procure the freedom of such slave,
he shall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and, on con-
viction thereof, shall suffer death, or be imprisoned at hard
labor for not las than ten years."
There is no larceny of property of any kind
which, in my judgment, demands punishment by
death. Certainly I shall not agree to a law which
shall inflict that extreme punishment for con-
structive larceny, in a case where it is at least a
disputed point in ethics, whether the offense is
malum in st.
Here is another chapter:
" If any slave shall commit petit larceny, or shall steal
any neat cattle, sheep, or hog, or be guilty of any misde-
meanor, or other offense punishable under the provisions
of this act only by tine or imprisonment in a county jail, or
by both such fine and imprisonment, he shall, instead of
such punishment, be punished, if a male, by stripes on his
bare back not exceeding thirty-nine; or, if a female, by im-
prisonment in a county jail not exceeding twenty-one days,
or by stripes not exceeding twenty-one, at the discretion
of the justice."
With repentance and atonement, Mr. President,
I may hope to be forgiven for inflicting blows
upon the person of a fellow-man, equal in strength
and vigor to myself. I should have no hope to
be forgiven, much less to retain my own self-
respect, if, on any occasion, under any circum-
stances, oi-upon any pretext, I should ever con-
sent to apply, or authorize another to apply, a j
lash to the naked back of a weak, defenseless,
helpless woman. >
' ' Sir, call these provisions which I have recited j
by what name you will—edicts, ordinances, or !
statutes—they are the laws which the House of (
Representatives says shall not be enforced in Kan- j
sas by the Army of the United States. I give
my thanks to the House of Representatives, sin-
cere and hearty thanks. I salute the House of
Representatives with the homage of my profound
respect. It has vindicated the Constitution of
my country; it has vindicated the cause of free-
dom; it has vindicated the cause of humanity.
Even though it shall tamely rescind this vindica-
tion to-morrow, when it shall come into conflict
with the Senate of the United States, yet I shall
nevertheless regard this proviso, standing in that
case only for a single day, as an omen of more
earnest and firm legislation in that great forum.
When, hereafter, one shall be looking through
the pages of statute laws affecting the African
race, for a period of more than a quarter of a cen-
tury, he will regard this ephemeral recognition
of the equality of men with the affection and hope
which the traveler feels when approaching a green
spot in the deserts of Arabia. It must be other i
Senators, not I, who shall consent to blast this 1
oasis, and disappoint all the hopes that already \
are bursting the bud upon it. ,
Mr. President, although the fact is clear, that
the pretended laws in Kansas can only be exe-
cuted by armed force, and therefore are obnoxious
to a presumption that they are founded in injus-
, tice; and although those laws, upon searching
examination, are found to be subversive of the
Constitution, and in conflict with all the sentiments
of humanity, the whole case of the House of;
Representatives has nevertheless not yet been
,stated. The proceedings which have hitherto I
taken place in executing those laws have been J
unconstitutional in their character, and attended I
with grinding oppression and cruel severity. The
Senator from Virginia has asked me, whether
such laws do not exist in Missouri?
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Virginia
asked you whether a law on which you wore
commenting was not a law of the State of Mis-
souri, copied by the Territory of Kansas ?
Mr. SEWARD. Take the question in the
shape in which the honorable Senator repeats it.
I suppose such laws exist in that State, and in
other States. I have this to say for those States,
and for the United States, that a Federal standing
army has never been employed in executing euch
laws in those States. And how have these atro-
cious laws been executed in Kansas ? The mar-
shal of the Territory, an officer dependent on the
President of the United States, has enrolled as a
volunteer militia, at the expense of the Federal
Treasury, an armed band of confessed propa-
gandists of slavery from other States; and this
so-called militia, but really unconstitutional regu-
lar force, has been converted into a,posse comitates
to execute these atrocious statutes by intimids-
ttion, or by force, as the nature of the resistance
encountered seemed to require. This has been
the form of executive action. What has been
the conduct of the judicial department ? Courts
of the United States have permitted grand juries to
find, and have maintained, indictments unknown
to the laws of the United States, to the common
law, and to the laws of all civilized countries—
an indictment of a tavern as a nuisance, because
the political opinions of its lodgers were obnox-
ious; an indictment of a bridge over a river for a
nuisance, because those who passed over it were
of opinion that the establishment of slavery in
the Territory was injurious to its prosperity;
indictments even of printing presses as nuisances,
because the political opinions which they promul-
gated were favorable to the establishment of a
free-State government. Either with a warrant
from the courts, or without a warrant, but with .
their connivance, bands of soldiers, with arms
| belonging to the United States, and enrolled
! under its flag, and directed by its marshal, com-
] bining with other bands of armed invaders from
without the Territory, and without even the
; pretense of a trial, much less of a judgment, have
abated the alleged nuisance of a tavern by level-
ing it to the ground, and the pretended nuisances
of the free presses by casting type, and presses,
and compositors' desks, into the Kansas river.
Moreover, when the citizens, whose obedience
to these laws was demanded, sought relief in the
only constitutional way which remained open to
them, by establishing conditionally, and subject
to the assent of Congress, to be afterwards ob-
tained, a State government, provisional execu-
tive officers, and a provisional Legislature, indict-
ments for constructive treason were found in the
same courts, by packed grand juries, against these
provisional exeoutive officers, and a detachment
of the Army of the United States entered the
legislative halls, and expelled the representa-
tives of the people from their seats. During the
intense heat of this almost endless summer, a
regiment of Federal cavalry performs its evolu-
tions in ranging over the prairies of Kansas,
holding in its camp, as prisoners under martial
law, without bail or mainprize, not less than ten
citizens, thus indicted in those Federal courts for
the pretended crime of constructive treason. The
penalty of treason, under the laws of the United
States, is death. What chanceforjusticeattends
those citizens ? I will show you. The judge who
is to try them procured the indictments against
them, by a charge to a packed grand jury, in
these words:
"This Territory was organized by an act of Congress,
and, so far, its authority is from the United States. It baa
a Legislature, elected in pursuance of that organic act.
This Legislature, being an instrument of Congress by which
it governs the Territory, has passed laws. These laws,
therefore, are of United States authority and making; ana
all that resist these laws, resist the power and authority of
the United States, and are therefore guilty of high treason.
" Now, gentlemen, if you find that any persons have
resisted these laws, then you must, under your oaths, find
bills against such persons for high treason. If you find that
no such resistance has been made, but that combinations
have been formed fitr the purpose of resisting them, and
individuals of influence and notoriety have been aiding and
abetting in such combinations, then must yau still find bills
for constructive treason," &c.*-
What will it avail their defense, befbr# su«h a
