1114
A^ENblX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0M
[August 1,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
ary argument as that of the Senator now made in 11 orately discussed by the gentleman himself, and
support of it can possibly meet the sanction of i' by otliers; and it was decided by the House, by
the Vitajnrity of the Senate of the United States. 1 a clear and decisive majority, that it was compe-
Sir, reason will return when the emergency of ' tent for the House to inquire into the existence
the occasion sternly demands it; and the House of the Legislature in Kansas, for the purpose of
of Representatives, reconsidering this question,
will see the bold and dangerous step which they
have taken against the Constitution of the coun-
try, and in the magnanimity of patriots they will
recede, and they will be mueh more honored in
that receding than they have been in the advanc-
inff step. Sir, I will detain the Senate no longer.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the very in-
genious speech of the honorable Senator from
Michigan calls upon me for some reply. The
honorable Senator will recollect, as the Senate do,
that it was not my purpose, as I stated in the
outset of my remarks, to discuss particularly the
effect and the character of this provision or the
bill. I intimated that I would not do so because
it was uncertain whether the House of Represent-
atives would adhere to it, and I was not bound to
assume that the Senate would not recede. If
things shall reach the issue whioh the honorable
Senator speaks of, there will then be time for me
to define my position on the point which he has
rased.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill as amended, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 8; as follows:
YEAj-Mewn. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Biff*, Bright,
Brown, Butter, Clay, Douglas, Geyer, Hunter, Iveraoo,
James, Jane* ot' Iowa, Mallory, Pearce, Pratt, Pugb, Beid,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Welter, Wright, and Yulee—ST7.
NAYS—Meters. Durkee, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Seward,
Tnmbull, Wade, and Wilson—8.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. I. WASHBURN, Jr.,
of MAINE,
Ik the House of RtrusraTiTtTES,
August 1, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election Case from the Territory of
Kauw.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said: Then Me
three questions which may be fairly raised upon
the resolutions before the House, and to tneir |
consideration I shall address myself. The first i
is, was the gentleman who has just resumed his
•eat [Mr. Whitfield] legally elected as a Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas? The second, is
it competent and proper for the House to admit, j
as a Delegate, one not chosen in pursuance of law ?
The third is, (if the latter question be answered
affirmatively,) which should the House admit, j
the sitting member or the contestant? j
I do not intend to consume all the time'to which
I am entitled under the rules of the House, but
desire'briefly to call the attention of members to
the points which are really in issue before them.
A very large proportion of the discussion here
has been, I have thought, entirely wide of the
record, and outside of the question. We are to
decide here, not in regard to the merits or de-
merits of slavery generally, or to the right or
wrong of slavery extension, but whether there has
been, in point of fact, a legal election in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas; and whether, if there has been
no such election there, it is right and proper
that we should allow that-Territory to be repre-
sented by some delegate, some agent, on this
floor, to communicate to us her feelings, her in-
terests, and her wishes?—and in case the House
is of opinion that it is right and proper, to de-
termine who that delegate is. The first .question
is, whether there has been a legal election?
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
and others have contended tnat we have no right
to inquire into the election of the Legislature of
Kansas, upon which the regularity of the elec-
tion of the sitting member depends—that it is a
closed question—that it is not competent for the
House to look into it. Sir, so far as we are con-
cerned, it is a closed question—for that was the
question which was directly raised when the
House had before it the resolution for the appoint-
ment of the Kansas investigating committee.
That question was then very fUlly and very elab-
deciding upon the legality of the alleged election
of a Delegate, and a committee was raised by the
authority of the House to proceed to Kansas to
make that inquiry. They have made it. They
have returned ana submitted their report. Ana,
sir, I submit that the question is closed—that it
has been closed by the highest authority, the
authority appointed by the Constitution itself, to
decide in regard to the " qualifications, elections,
and returns of its own members." It is a closed
! question.
But, sir, the gentleman's doctrine, that this
| House has no power under the Constitution to
1 decide for itself, to ascertain who its members
' are; to inquire and learn for itself whether there
I was a law in Kansas under which the alleged
1 election took place, is unsound, and—with all def-
erence I may De permitted to say—preposterous.
Gentlemen on the other side claim that the sitting
Delegate comes here under law. That is denied.
The question is put in issue, whether or not there
was a law in existence under which a legal, valid
election was, or could be, held? It is a question
of fact. Was the Legislature of Kansas, which
passed the laws under which the sitting Delegate
claims to have been elected, a legally-constituted
Legislature, or was it not? As a matter of fact it
j has been proved, I submit, incontestably beyond
1 question or successful cavil, that it was not, for
tne plain reason, that the individuals by whose
votes it was elected were residents, not of Kansas
Territory, but of the State of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, the authority claimed by the com-
mittee for the House, under the Constitution,
was admitted to exist in the Senate by both the
majority and minority of the committee who had
the case of Potter and Robbins before them, some i
twenty years ago; and the argument of Silas ;
Wrigfit, in behalf of conclusions similar to those j
to which we have arrived, was strong as iron. \
Let gentlemen who have a single doubt upon this
point read it and be convinced. , j
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens'] \
says this question of the legal existence of the
Legislature is a legal question, and can only be
decided by the courts. But what do they say ?
There seems to be an unfortunate difference of ,
opinion upon this subject between the courts and |
the gentleman. The opinions of the Supreme |
Court of the United States in the cases of Luther
vs. Borden and Scott vs. Jones, are directly against
him. When this question was before the House,
upon the resolution to raise the committee of
investigation, I cited from the opinion of Chi^f
Justice Taney in the former case, and will now
read from the marginal note in the latter, a case
in which the opinion was delivered by the late
Judge Woodbury:
" An objection to the validity dt a statute rounded upon
the ground, that the Legislature which passed it were not
competent or duly organized, under acts of Congress atid the
Constitution, to at to past valid statutes, is not within the
cases enumerated in the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary
act, and therefore this court has no jurisdiction over the
subject.'"
The court, then, has no jurisdiction, as it has
expressly decided, of this question.
Sir, it results from principle, and from unvary-
ing precedent, that this House has the right to
inquire, as it has inquired in the present case, into
the question of fact, whether there was or was not
a Legislature existing in Kansas which did or
could pass bills having the force and vigor of
law ? There is no tribunal for the decision of a
question of this kind but the House of Repre-
sentatives. The Supreme Court, the tribunal to
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] appealed, has declared that it has no juris-
diction. Is there jurisdiction nowhere? None
in the courts? None in Congress? Let there be
invasion, usurpation, fraud, violence; let five
thousand armed men march into one of our own
Territories—Territories under the special care and
guardianship of -this Government—invade the
rights of the people there residing, drive them
from the polls, deprive them of their rights of
suffrage, the dearest rights of freemen, carry the
elections, and the fact be patent, open to the eyes
of all men—admit all these facts, and tell us, as
you do, that there exists no power beneath the
sun to inquire into theni,and remedy the wrongs !
Such is the monstrous doctrine which gentlemen
on the other side have been driven to adopt and
promulgate!
Mr. STEPHENS. I know of no such doc-
trine. The proper power and time were the Gov-
ernor of the Territory and the time when the
election took place. If there was such a state of
facts existing, and the Governor took no notice,
then he was a particeps criminis, and he should be
impeached. The organic law of the Territory
made it the duty of the Governor to declare which
of the members were duly elected. He did so;
and it was under his supervision that the Legisla-
ture was organized. He gave to the members
certificates of election—that is on the record.
Mr. SAVAGE. I will say for myself, that I
hold no such doctrine. There is as much plaus-
ibility for complaint for the violation of constitu-
tional rights in the State of Tennessee as in Kan-
sas. After the last census, the representative, sen-
atorial , and congressional districts were gerryman-
dered to suit party interests. The Democracy
alleged it was in violation of the Constitution.
They had their choice of remedies—revolution or
the ballot-box; they chose the latter, and the peo-
ple have already remedied all supposed wrongs.
The Legislature acted upon a question of which,
by our Constitution, they only had jurisdiction,
and without appeal. If our people had followed
the revolutionary and law-breaking doctrines,
taught by the friends of Reeder on this floor, civil
war would have overwhelmed the State.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am happy to hear that
the wrongs in Tennessee have been righted; and
I am much obliged to the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] for interrupting me, for hei
has shown to the House the position, and the
only position, on which he and those who act
with him stand. Now, sir, suppose, in a case such
as I have put, of clear, undeniable usurpation and
violence, that there was collusion between the
invaders and the Governor—suppose, for instance,
that Governor Shannon had been appointed m liUlt
earlier, and suppose these five thousand men had
gone into the Territory in a body, with arms in
their hands and banners flying, and driving the
people from the polls, had carried, by their own
unlawful votes, every election in the Territory—
the Governor of the Territory acting with them,
and giving certificates to those elected by the
invasion: is this House, in such case, bound by
the decision of the Governor? Does not common
sense, as well as the common law, declare that
fraud vitiates everything? Is it to be held that in
such case the only remedy is the remedy of im-
peachment, which may be determined in two or
three years, when all the mischief will have been
accomplished?
Sir, I hold that, under the Constitution, this
House has power to judge and decide in regard to
the " elections, Qualifications, and returns of its
members," and that this power does not exist in
the Governor of any State or Territory. The
ultimate power of decision is here with us, where
the Constitution has placed it; and I affirm that
those who hold the doctrines maintained in the
report of the committee, are the only persons who
uphold the provisions of the Constitution on this
subject; ana that the persons who do wrong to the
Constitution, and to the rights and privileges of this
House, are those who would persuade us to deny
or ignore the power which has been delegated to
this House, and lodge it with such a Legislature
as it has been proved existed in Kansas, or to
any Legislature, or to any Governor or other
officer.
Now, one word more in regard to the power of
the House, or of the Senate, to examine into the
acts, or into the legality or constitutionality of.
the acts, of States or Territories in respect to
elections. The Senate have, during this very ses-
sion, decided that they had the right to declare
the constitution of Illinois null and void, and this
House has also decided, with great unanimity,
that an election of a Representative was legal,
although in violation of the constitution of that
State, because that constitution was in derogation
of the Constitution of the United States. And we
have always acted upon the same principle.
