1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. or Reps.
ft wits brought forward by one of her most cher- ;
is lied sons. It was aimed at the distinguished
member from Massachusetts. No southern man
tppeaivd to doul>t, and surely none denied, the
jurisdiction or the power of the House to censure
"Sir. Adams for this discharge of his constitutional
duty.
That night a caucus of southern members was
held to concert measures by which to insure the
adoption of the resolution. Of course, I now
■peak from the information derived from those
who attended, and from cotemporaneous history,
f>r I was not with them, either in body or in
spirit. At that consultation the burden of sup-
porting the Constitution was transferred from Mr.
tidmer, who was a L>emocrat, to Mr. Marshall,
of Kentucky, who was a Whig—both of whom
were southern men; yet I never learned, nor did
I hear it intimated, that any member in that cau-
cus of southern men doubted the full power of
this body to punish Mr. Adams for performing
kis duty. The friends of Mr. Adams often in-
quired wherein that gentleman had offended.
Why, sir, he had offended the slave power; and
the representatives of the slave interest felt that
they had an excuse—a fact on which they could
found an effort to strike down his influence, to
destroy his fair fame, to deprive freedom of its
sternest advocate. They sought for no rules or
law defining the offense, or declaring the penalty
attached to it; but they assailed him in every way
which hatred could invent,or malice express. He
was charged with treason to our Government,
with moral perjury, and with almost every crime
found in the catalogue of offenses. There he
sat, in the seat now occupied by his successor—
a man venerable for his age, for his great learn-
ing, for his exalted patriotism—venerable for his
services to his country; around his brow clustered
all the honors which a faithful, upright, and wise
administration of the highest office known to
mortals could confer. Yet, sir, for thirteen days
he was subjected to these assaults. During that
time the waves of slaveholding invective, detrac-
tion,and calumny, rolled and dashed around him
in wild confusion, until the raging elements had
spent their force; while, from the first introduc-
tion of the resolution to its final disposition, not
one word was uttered by a southern Democrat,
indicating the want of full and constitutional
powers to act on the subject, tcilhout any rule or
mc prescribing the penally. Then, sir, .Vwo-
ch tut lis was oir trial, and slaveholders were the
prosecutors. Now, a son of South Carolina is on
trial for a wrong—a crime perpetrated against the j i
sovereign right of Massachusetts. This chance i1
of position, by slaveholders, is very remarkable. 1
There are yet lingering in this Hall two or three
southern memljers who then voted in favor of cen-
suring Mr. Adams. I am curious to see how they ,
will vote on the present occasion. I wish they
were present at this time. I desire to address some
thoughts to their consideration, particularly.
I ask this House and the historian to notice
the different spirit in which this trial is prose-
cuted, from that manifested on the trial of Mr.
Adams. Since the attention of the House. was
first called to the resolution before us, to this
hour, we have not heard an unkind word uttered
against the accused. Every speaker has mani-
fested a sympathy in his behalf. We regard ,
him as unfortunate in his education, his preju-
dices, and views of society and of human govern-
ment; and I do not hesitate to say, that not a j
member from the free States feels the least im- i
pulie'of ill-will toward him, or of personal re- j
venge. We are borne along to our conclusions H
by the irresistible force of public duty. This is j
but the reflection of that popular sentiment which
prevails in the free States. It is founded upon I
the great doctrine so ably advocated by the Sena- '
tor whose injury we deplore—that doctrine which i
teaches us the fatherhood of God and the broth- j J
trhood of man—tha doctrine which purifies the ;
human heart from its viler passions of revenge, |i
hatred, and malice, and leads us to do unto others !i
a* we would have them do unto us. So differ- j j
ent are these manifestations from those which j1
characterized the tri I of Mr. Adams, that I com- '
mend the marked distinction to the House and |
the country. j i
Anether ease,'which illQjtratcj this change in ||
the position of southern gentlemen, ought not to I
pass unnoticed, although I feel embarrassed in I
calling it to the attention of the House, inasmuch i
as 1 was myself the victim. It is not, however, j
entirely unknown to gentlemen, that while my
venerable and ever-lamented friend, Mr. Adams,
was laboring to regain the right of petition, I
was myself toiling, in a more numble sphere, to
regain the freedom of speech, which had been
stricken down in this Hall.
For years I had satin this body, hearing myself
and my people, and all lovers of liberty, con-
temned, vilified, and slandered, for entertaining
the views which Jefferson and Washington, and
Franklin and Hancock, and the w hole Continental
Congress, had proclaimed as the foundation of
our Republic; yet our lips were hermetically
sealed by " gag-rules," as they were then called.
The slave power ruled supreme in Congress, and
no word was allowed to be spoken derogatory to
that institution.
At that time, a slave-ship, from Richmond, was
taken possession of by her cargo of human be-
ings, guided to Nassau, where they landed on
British soil, resuming their God-given rights.
The President directed our Minister at London
to demand compensation for the bones and mus-
cles, the blood and sinews, of these people. The
Senate freely discussed the subject, and threat-
ened war—bloody and exterminating war—unless
England should hand over a full compensation to
those^ traffickers in human flesh. But, here, sir,
in this body, we could say nothing. We were
constrained to look on in .silence ! The consti-
tutional guarantee that " the freedom of speech
should never be abridged," was then repudiated
and scorned. I had sworn to support the Con,
•titution, but my voice was hushed by those rules-
which are now remembered as a disgrace to this
body. I was shocked at the indications of a war
with a powerful nation, to sustain & coastwise
commerce in human beings. 1
In order to enter my protest against such a
disgrace to our nation, and the age in which we
live, I drew up a series of resolutions, to the
effect, that Congress possessed no rightful au-
thority under the Constitution to involve the
people of the free States in a war, a&d compel
our northern freemen to die on the battle-field,
for the support qf that infamous traffic. These
resolutions were regularly presented for the con-
sideration of this body. But scarcely had they j
been read at the Clerk's table, when a slaveholder
rose and introduced a resolution of censure against
me, for thus discharging a duty which I owed to
my people and to tne Constitution. He, too, :
was from Virginia—from.that State which, in
such strong and eloquent language, has this day
declared that we have no authority to punish or
censure a member for any act which is not de-
clared penal by some prescribed rule or law. True,
sir, as Ohio was then being called, the member
from Virginia could not bring his resolution
regularly before the House; and when the
Speaker had thus declared, the author passed it
over to a dough-faced colleague of mine, who pre-
sented it, and demanded the previous question..
Gentlemen from the slave States did not wait
to inquire for the prescribed rule or statute declar-
ing the penalty attached to the crime of presenting ,
resolutions. So far from that, they voted at once
to seal my own lips and those of my friends, and :
without permitting me,.or any^ friend of free
speech, to say a word in my defense, the resolu-
tion was adopted by a vote of one hundred and
twenty-three to sixty-nine. I was condemned, un-
heard, and driven from my seat. Sir, I spurned
the tyranny, and appealed to the people. They
hurled contempt at the efforts of the slave power
to strike down the freedom of speech, to extin-
guish the lamp of Liberty which was then flick-
ering in its socket, casting but a dim light upon
the legislation of Congress. They ordered me
back to my post, and directed me to maintain the
freedom of debate; and as the Lord uyeth, and
as mt soul liveth, i will never surrender it.
But, sir, gentlemen from Virginia, nor from
other slave States, hesitated to seal my lips and
condemn me, unheard. Although no rule nor
law had declared the presentation of resolutions
penal, in the whole of the slave States but two
gentlemen voted against the resolution; these were ]
Governor Pope and Hon. J. R. Underwood, of
Kentucky. I mention their names with great
pleasure, for they manifested an honest independ-
ence which commends them to my favorable
recollection. 1 refer to these cases to show that
southern members then held a totally different
doctrine from that which they now urge with
such earnestness. Can they suppose this body
will now change its rule of action, and face to the
right about, to suit the latitude of the accused?
1 trust not. I shall not, therefore, hesitate to
follow the practice adopted by the Senate, and by
this body, from the adoption of the Constitution.
Indeed, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sim-
mons] has shown it to have been adopted under
the old Confederation as early as 1786.
Having disposed of that point, I proceed to
notice an intimation thrown out, as I suppose, to
cast an imputation upon the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and his friends, rather than as a defense
of the accused. The intimation has been iterated
and reiterated by partisan presses, and has been
repeated in this debate, that the Senator was not
seriously injured by the beating which constitutes
the crime for which the accused is now*on trial;
that he might have long since resumed his seat
in the Senate, but has been deterred by a desire
to represent his injury as more aggravated than
it really is.
I deeply regret this mean attempt to add insult
to injury. I wish I had been spared the duty of
referring to facts which I feel constrained to state.
I visited that worthy Senator on Tuesday, after
he received the injury. He was sitting in his
chair when I reached his chamber. -His coun-
tenance appeared natural, and his conversation
was cheerful. He had no fever, or very little, if
any. He insisted that he would resume his seat
in a few days, and manifested more anxiety to
return to the Senate, and attend to his duties
there, than foranything else. I left him with the
impression that he would return to the Senate in
two or three days, notwithstanding I had been
assured that there would be more or less inflam-
mation of the wounded parts before the healing
process would commence.
I again visited him last Saturday; but that
countenance, heretofore cheerful, and beaming
with intelligence, had become pale and haggard.
He appeared unable to sit up any considerable
time. He told me that he felt so well, the night
after I left him on my former visit, that he re-
tained no servant or friend to remain in the room
witn him. That, during the night; he was seized
with a severe pain through the head, attended
with high fever. The pain became so acute, that
it appeared to him he could live but a short time
without relief. That the doctor, being called,
opened the wounds, and gave him an opiate, and
in the course of the next day he obtained some
sleep, and the pain partially subsided. That,
soon as he could get from the city, he went to the
country. That he found himself unable to take
much exercise of either body or mind. Lying
upon his bed, he described to me the singular
sensations which occasionally gave him reason
to apprehend that the brain was affected, and
looking me full in the face, with great solemnity
of countenance and deep emotions, he said: " I
sometimes am led to apprehend that I may yet be
doomed to that heaviest of all afflictions, to spend
my time on earth in a living sepulcher." The
expression, the manner, and the tone of voice
with which this was uttered, filled my heart with
sadness. I pity the man whose feelings prompt
him to impute to that gentleman a disposition to
represent his injury greater than it really is.
It has also been said, and repeated, during this
debate, that the Republican party are endeavor-
ing to manufacture political capital out of this
affair. To effect that object, it will be necessary
for them to do right. We have reached that period
in our history when no party or political associa-
tion of men can commend themselves to the peo-
ple, except by their intelligence and virtue. To
gain popular favor, we must do rioht—we must
imitate that Divine Being, one of whose attributes
is justice. That duty 1 hope every Republican
and every Democrat may perform, not merely on
this, but on alPbccasions. The Republicans can
make no capital out of this matter, unless Demo-
crat* do wrong. I would therefore advise e&f&
