J 856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
1125
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
troubles in Kansas, no appropriation will ever pass this
tluu*e by my vole. 1 will not grant one dollar to maintain
and advance the movements of the Government in a course
wlncli promise nothing but universal rain. I will (jive no
nipport and no countenance in any way to such a deplora-
ble suite of affairs as we are now in the midst of; much less
will 1 five means still further to advance and aggravate this
condition of things. I speak formyself alone, and without
reserve or hesitancy. I would cut off the supplies and stop
the wheels of Government, rather than let it move an inch
further in its present most ill-directed and perilous course.
If those who control that course are refractory—if they
will not heed the clear and distinct utterances of an over-
whelming public sentiment, justly aroused to indignation
against a great wrong—if the dangers that threaten us will
not warn or check them—I would cut off the sinews of
power, and thus compel submission to an overwhelming
public necessity. [Ones of' Good!' 'That is it!' 'That is
the doctrine!"] I would promptly aad sternly meet the
consequences of such a course, whatever they might be.
It is a remedy allowable under our institutions. It is not
revolutionary or violent, but lawful, peaceful, quiet, and
tftctne. 11 is a means of certain redress against the abuse
of power and attempted usurpations, without the terrible
rssortof revolution."
And again, near the conclusion, I quote this
emphatic language:
" Sir, from the first to the last, I hare steadily labored
with an unwavering determination that has never faltered
since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, until this
moment, for the restoration of the Missouri restriction.
With a purpose that 1 have never lost sight of, and that I
never will lose sight of, until that is accomplished, so long
as I hold a seat upon this floor, or can, by my vote elsewhere,
promote that object, I shall continue to labor with unyield-
ing stubbornness for that restoration in some shape or other.
I ain impelled to this, because, in the first place, it is right;
and in the second place, because there is no peace for the
country, and there can be no peace, until that is—in sub-
fUnce or in terms—in some form or other—accomplished.
Let gentlemen North and South consider the matter well,
and they will be constrained to this same conclusion. Let
tkem remember, if they please, that in all future time, or
Haul this restriction is again applied to the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, there neither can, nor will, be peace.
1 speak this with no meaning of offense or spirit of threat-
ening, but rather as a fact which men may deplore or defy
as they will; such is our certain, our necessary future."
I know not how they may be regarded by
others, bat, to my mind, these sentiments are
revolutionary, and, if carried out, political con-
fnsion and ruin must be the result. When those
sentiments were responded to upon the other side
of the Hall by the term " Good, good !" it was
calculated to make^the impression, not only upon
the minds of this Mouse, but upon the mina of
the country, that there was a party here, who,
in the language of Colonel Lane, were ready to
carry out their purposes," even though it should
subvert the Government."
Look at the amendment which has been in-
grafted upon the Army appropriation bill. The
remarks made upon the other side of the House
to-day, in regard to the appropriations for the
salaries of the territorial officers of Kansas, show
clearly that they are ready " to cut off the sup-
plies, and to stop the wheels of Government,' 
be the consequences what they may. They have
thepower—we Shall see whether they will use it.
latere is another thing in this connection to
which I wish to call attention. While these gen-
tlemen have undertaken on all occasions here to
denounce the President of the United States,
there never has been, in the history of this Gov-
ernment, a higher tribute paid to executive hon-
esty and integrity than was paid unconsciously
by the gentleman from Ohio, and his allies, in
the adoption of his amendment to the Army bill.
The whole power of the Army is placed by these
gentlemen at the discretion of the President to
suppress insurrection, to repel invasion, and to
keep peace and order in Kansas, without any-
thing to control his aetion save his own mere
will. Those very gentlemen who have been as-
sailing him for months as untrustworthy, and as
having prostituted his office for the purpose of
increasing the slave power, have voted for this
amendment. The Republican majority have se-
cured its adoption, and it now stands as the re-
corded evidence of their confidence in Franklin
Pierce:
" Provided, nevertheless, That no part of the military
force of the United States herein provided for shall be em-
ployed in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the
alleged Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas
recently assembled at Shawnee Mission, until Congress
shall have enacted either that it was or was not a valid
Legislauve Assembly, chosen, in conformity with the or-
ganic law, by the people of the said Territory: -4)id pro-
titled, That until Congress shall have passed upon the va-
lidity of said Legislative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be
the duty of the President to use the military force in said
Temicvy to praaervethu peace, suppress insurrection, repel
invasion, and protect persons and property therein, and
upon the national highways in the State of Missouri, from
unlawful seizure and searches: And be it further provided,
That the President is required to disarm the present organ-
ized militia of the Territory of Kansas, and recall all the
l United States arms therein distributed, and to prevent
armed men going into said Territory to disturb the public
peace, or aid in the enforcement or resistance of real or
pretended laws."
Let it go forth to the country, that the major-
ity here, in direct opposition to all their profes-
sions, have passed this proviso, and have thus
given assurance to the nation that implicit reli-
ance can be reposed in the President's wisdom,
honesty, and patriotism.
In these revolutionary times it was not to be
expected that the judiciary could escape the as-
saults of the enemies of law and order. In the
Washington correspondence of the New York
(daily) Times of tne 30th of July last, Judge
Crawford, of this District, is thus spoken of:
" It becomes an important question, what shall be done to
reform the criminal court of this District ? Impeach Judge
Crawford, some say. I answer that party spint will sustain
him, and, for proof, refer to votes of Congress already re-
corded during the present session. Another remedy is to
legislate him out of office; that cannot be done, because the
Democratic Senate will interpose its negative, or President
Pierce his veto. The only thing which can be done is to
refuse to vote his salary in the general appropriation bill,
and so force him to resign. The measure is an extreme one ;
but if it is necessary, as it would seem that there can be no
doabt, the friends of justice and homanity ought not to hes-
itate."
In this age of revolutionary progress, every-
thing must be made to conform to the will of the
dominant majority here. Even the judiciary,
created for the protection of person and property,
must decide according to the will of the majority
in this House, or be legislated " out of dffict!''
Must the earth quake before the people cease to
; sleep?
And, finally, it has been intimated, in reference
to the presidential election, that if the ballot-box
does not secure a triumph for their candidate,
they will try the merits of the cartridge-box. If
Colonel Fremont cannot secure strength enough
before the people to elevate him into the presiden-
tial chair, other means are to be resorted to.
! I allude in this connection to the remarks of
I James Watson Webb, an editor of one of the
organs of the Republican party—an editor who
| wields a vast influence over that party, and has
j much to do in directing its movements. In the
Philadelphia convention he is represented to have
said:
"They ask us to give them a nomination which, when
put (hirly before the people, will unite puWie sentiment,
and, thrwKh the ballotfcox, will restrain aad repel this
pro-slaveryextension,and this aggression of the slaveocracy.
Wliat else are they doing ? They tell you that they are
willing to abide by the ballot-box, and willing to make that
the last appeal. If ice fail there, what then 1 We will drive
it back, sword in hand, and, so help me God! believing that
to be right, I am with them. [Loud cheers, and cries of
•Good.'] "
Is this not the language of a revolutionist? Is
it not the language of a man who regards the
success of his party as of far more consequence
and importance than the peace of his country ?
If they fail to secure a triumph at the polls, then
they will resort to arms! Let all true national
men who love the Union bear these things in
mind, and prepare to meet the alarming issue
tendered.
A word or two more in regard to the Kansas
question, and I am done. When the Territory of
Kansas was first organized, Missourians, in com-
mon with citizens of the other States, feeling a
deep interest in the institutions of their own State,
and anxious to secure protection,as far as possi-
ble, to their interests, removed over in large num-
bers into Kansas, staked off theirclaims, and made
all the necessary arrangements to remove their
families at the earliest moment. Had they not
the right to do it.' Was it not a part of the priv-
ileges of American citizens, when that Territory
was thrown open to settlement, if they thought
they could better their condition, secure homes
more desirable, advance their happiness, and
promote their pecuniary interest, to go, in com-
mon with others, into that Territory, and found
institutions like their own ? I imagine there
never has been a time in the history of Kansas
when a majority of the people of that Territory \
' were not citizens of the State of Missouri. At j
this time I imagine that a majority of the entire I
population of Kansas are those who have re-
moved from the State of Missouri into the Terri-
tory.
And now let us see what you propose to do.
Suppose your proposition to remove the Army
from Kansas is carried out—an army located
there upon your own application—what would
be the result ? Strife, war, and bloodshed,
between free-State settlers and the settlers of the
i pro-slavery party in that Territory. Is there A
man among you, from all the northern States, in
the event of such difficulties occurring in that
Territory, who would not, in his own district,
raise one regiment and furnish it with supplies,
and ammunition, and send it into the Territory
for the purpose of protecting, aiding, and sus-
taining his free-State friends ? Is there one mart
upon the other side of the House who, when war
had actually broken out, and life was being sac-
j rificed—when everything portended a battle which
| must end in the extermination of one party or the
! other—I say, is there one upon that side of the
House who voted for the admission of Andrew
H. Reeder as Delegate, who would not, under
such circumstances, recommend to his constitu-
ents to arm themselves, and encourage them to
march to the aid of their free-State brethren ?
The pro-slavery party would take the same
course, and thus both parties would send their
regiments into that Territory, from which the
United States troops, in obedience to your wishes,
and in conformity with your legislation, had beeif
■ withdrawn. If that Army had not been sent to
preserve the peace, we should have heard far
i louder shrieks for freedom than have yet been
I heard. They would have been heard all over the
i country. It was necessary to pursue that course
j in order to protect the free-State party in that
! Territory, and save them from the hands of those
! they had so greatly outraged. Had the Army
been withdrawn, the result would have been that
we should have had a sectional fight long before
this day. The South would have sent men and'
money to the assistance of their friends, and the
war would have been waged between the two sec-
tions of the Union; and Kansas would have been
the battle-ground at first, but the war would have
extended until both sections were involved—
extricably involved. Do you desire to scatter
the seeds of revolution and anarchy broadcast
over the country ? I# it yo\jr desire to array sefe-
tion against section, brother against brother,
father against son, in hostile strife ? A very large
number of the people of the West were born and
reared in the slave States, and many of their
friends and relatives yet live in Virginia and other
parts of the South.
I again ask, what is your purpose ? Will you
continue to encourage these restless spirits lii
Kansas to throw off t her est rain ts of law, and to
contemn the established authority of the Govern-
ment ? Will you continue to countenance their
efforts to overthrow the laws—to trample social
and political order under foot—to stimulate their
passions and to inflame their prejudices ? Will
such a course be likely to restore peace between
the North and South, and to restore the fraternal
feelings and affections which ought at all times
to exist between the people of these States ? You
can control them if you will; you can check the
tumult, calm the storm, and put an end to th$
reign of sectional strife. If you will not do it,
then I appeal to " the prudence (if the country, ana
the sober wisdom of the people," to relieve us frotrt
the perils and dangers that threaten the overthrow
of our system of, free government.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House tell
us that supplies will never be voted until affairs
in Kansas are arranged to their satisfaction.
What is necessary to be done to satisfy them ?
From the intimations which have from time to
time been thrown out by the leaders in this House,
it is not difficult to determine. They demand
that all the territorial laws shall be abrogated or
suspended until Congress shall have passed upon
the validity of the Legislative Assembly of Kan-
sas; that persons regularly and legally indicted
for crimes of the gravest character against the
laws, shall be discharged from custody; that ter-
ritorial officers who, in the faithful discharge of
their public duties, have rendered themselves ob-
noxious to the dominant majority here, shall be
