1856.J
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
L127
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Agitation—Mr. Lumpkin.
Ho. of Reps.
wading, >t must be with the express understand-
that slavery was never to go there, and that
C.Hisress had the right to pass a law prohibiting
it: and not only had the right, but it was their |
duty to exercisu that right. The North, with but |
few exceptions, at that day, maintained this posi-
tion, as in strict accordance with the sentiments
of that whole section, and as consistent with the
spirit and letter of the Constitution of the United
duties. There was, I admit, one distinguished
public man who, in that day of general gloom and
northern degeneracy, nobly took the ground, that
Congress had no right to pass any law establish-
ing or encouraging slavery on the one hand, or
prohibiting it ou the other; but maintained that
it was a domestic relation, and stood exactly as
the other domestic relations—of husband and i
wife, of parent and child,and guardian and ward— ,
and must be regulated as the people of the Terri-
tory, who are to be affected by it, shall determine.
The entire North, with but few exceptions, at
that time, maintained that Congress had the con-
stitutional power to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories, and that it was their duty to do it; and,
with unprecedented unanimity, they rallied to the
support of that measure, which was consecrated
ami baptized by the name of its author, the Hon.
David Wilmot, of Pennsylvania. The sentiment
at the North was so universal in support of this
measure, that eminent and distinguished states-
men from that section were disputing as to the
honor of the discovery. Even Daniel Webster,
to whom we owe much for his patriotic efforts in ,
behalf of the Union, at a later period of his life, j
in one of his public speeches, charged that Mr.
Wilmot " had Btolen his thunder."
The South, with equal unanimity, was opposed
to this movement, intended to deprive them of all
interest im the common Territories of the Union.
They had contributed an equal quantity of blood
and treasure to carry on the war to a successful (
issue. They fought and bled as freely as the
North on every battle-field,from Palo Alto to the
city of Mexico, and they saw and felt the injus-
tice of a majority section of the Union, by the
power of numbers, wresting from them all their
portion of the common acquisition. They had
solemnly determined to resist this measure at any
and ail hazards, and to the last extremity. There
was no division at the South on this question—
we were united and acted together as one man;
and if we should again hare this issue forced
upon us, we shall again, I trust, present the same
undivided front at the South in opposition to any
restriction upon our equal rights and privileges ,
in the Territories, in 1820, when Missouri ,
applied for admission into the Union as a State, j
the ami-slavery men of that day sought to deny
her right to admission into the Union, unless
crippled and maimed by the slavery restriction.
The pretext assumed by them was, that Missouri
had in her constitution prohibited free colored
citizens of the free States from settling in that .
State. It was assumed that this clause of her
constitution was in violation of the Federal com-
pact, because it denied to free colored citizens of
the northern States the rights and privileges of
free white citizens of all the States. Eat what a
commentary on this position has been the action
of the free States, many of whom have, while
under the control of Abolitionists, passed laws ,
prohibiting all free colored persons from settle-
ment who came from other States! They have,
by positive legislative enactment, excluded the
free persons of color from other States from '
making settlements within their limits; and, at
the Bame time, have, in every possible manner,
encouraged and aided fugitive slaves to make
permanent homes and settlements among them.
Nay, more; the Black Republican Representatives
in this House, at this session of Congress, have
voted for the admission of Kansas into the Union
as a State, with the Topeka constitution, which j
provides, almost in the language of the constitu-
tion of the State of Missouri, that free persons
of color are not to be permitted to make settle-
ments within the State of Kansas. This party
not only recognizes a revolutionary government,
formed by a small faction, in opposition to the
laws of that Territory, but they, by their vote,
thus solemnly declare that the ground assumed
for opposing the admission of Missouri as a 1
State into the Union was baseless and unten-
able.
The State of Missouri was formed from Terri-
tory acquired by purchase from Prance in 1803,
when Louisiana was ceded to the United States.
It was slave Territory, and the people of that
Territory had of their own free will and accord 1
determined to recognize it in her constitution ; j
yet the anti-slavery men of that day denied her !
right to admission into the Union as aslavehold-
ing State; and this unconstitutional assumption
of northern Representatives was only silenced
by the southern members yielding their assent
to a provision passed by northern votes, pro-
hibiting slavery in all the territory then belong-
ing to the United States, north of 36° and 30'
north latitude. This settlement was objection-
able to the Representatives and people of the
South. They regarded the assumption of anti-
slavery men as in violation of the Federal com-
pact, and this measure was forced upon the
South against their wishes, and in defiance of
their opposition. Notwithstanding all this, the
people of the South, for thirty years, continued
steadfastly and in good faith to abide by this
restrictive enactment, commonly known as the
Missouri compromise, as a measure of peace,
without any regard to its obnoxious and odious
principles. They had opposed its passage with-
out success. It had been forced on them against
their wishes, and in defiance of their opposition;
still, the general sentiment was, that we will
abide by it and maintain it as a measure adopted
by the law-making power under the Constitution,
in a most critical and fearful period of our his-
tory, as the means of restoring peace and har-
mony to a divided and distracted country; and
they faithfully adhered to this patriotic, self-
sacrificing resolve. And I am this day a living
witness to the fact, that southern men continued
to give their support to this measure of compro-
mise, when it was repudiated and trampled under
foot by almost the entire North—yes, sir, I assert
here this day in my place, in the presence of this
House and the country, that all that class of
northern anti-slavery men, who are now main-
taining the sanctity of the Missouri compromise
■line, and shedding crocodile tears over its repeal,
then refused to recognize its binding force.
I never shall forget, that, when the bill organ-
izing a territorial government for Oregon was
under consideration, Mr. Winthrop, from the ,
State of Massachusetts, offered an amendment to
that bill in the language of the ordinance of 1787,
in terms prohibiting slavery in" all the territory
ceded by the State of Virginia to the United
States, northwest of the Ohio river. Mr. Burt,
from the State of South Carolina, moved to amend
this amendment by adding these words:" because
it was north of 36° 30' north latitude." How
many of the northern anti-slavery agitators voted
with the entire South for this amendment? A
reference to the Journal will show that not one
of that class were willing to recognize the obliga-
tion to stand by the Missouri compromise; and ,
of the few northern men who voted with the
South to recognize the binding force of the com-
promise of 1820, they are all to-day battling with
the people of the South for the principles of non- 1
intervention by Congress on the question of sla-
very in the Territories, as the only remaining '
mode of settling, now and forever, this too much ;
agitated and dangerous question. The anti-
slavery fanatics and agitators at the North never I
regarded the Missouri compromise as binding j
upon them. I have examined the recorded vote 1
on this amendment, and those who represented |
the North at that time with great unanimity |
solemnly resolved, that they would prohibit sla- !
very in Oregon, not because such were the terms
of the so-called Missouri compromise, but, as
they asserted, because Congress had the consti-
tutional right to do it; and they, as the represent- 1
atives of the free people of free States, would |
exercise it. How vain and worse than idle is it
for anti-slavery men at the North, to make ap-
peals to the South, to protect inviolate the Mis-
souri restriction, under this state of facts ! j
At the close of the Mexican war, we acquired
a large and extensive tract of country, now em-
braced within the limits of the State of California,
and the Territories of New Mexico and Utah.
The people of the South, and the national con-
servative men in other sections of the Union,
proposed to adopt the principle of extending tlia
Missouri line of restriction through that term
tory to the Pacific ocean, as the basis of settling
all further controversy on this subject. The rep-
resentatives of the South in the convention at
Nashville, in May, 1850, proposed this as a basis
of settling this disturbing and harassing quea*
tion in the Halls of Congress; and the proposi-
tion was made in Congress, and no one of all
those who are now singing hosannas to the Mis-.
souri compromise, was found to respond to ths
proposition of the South, through its Senators
and Representatives. But on the contrary, when
that distinguished statesman, now the standard-
bearer of the Democratic party, James Buchanan,
in the spirit of true patriotism, responded to this
demand of the South for the extension of the
Missouri compromise line to the Pacific ocean,
he encountered the universal howl of these very
men who now rend the air with their mournful
jeremiads over the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; but the old patriot faltered not in his
devotion to the cause of truth and justice, and a
grateful people now stand ready, by their votes,
to sustain the man who, in the hour of trial and
danger, stood by his country.
The position assumed by the Free-Soilers and
Abolitionists of that day was, that it was free,
territory, and had become the property of th«
United States as such, and that they were deter-
mined that it should remain so forever. This wM
the position maintained by the northern Fres-
Soilers and Abolitionists in all the non-slavehold-
ing States of this Union. This was the position
J taken, and pertinaciously supported, by their
! Senators and Representatives in both branches
of Congress—in the resolves of their Legislative
Assemblies—and in the .action of their party con-
ventions in every section of the North. Ths
South, with equal unanimity, maintain that this
territory was the common property of the United
States, acquired by'the joint efforts and mutual
suffering of each section, and that the people of
each section were honestly, fairly, and constitu-
tionally entitled to equal rights and equal privi-
leges of settlement in that territory; that Congress
had no constitutional power to deprive them, by
any act of legislation, or otherwise, of the right
to go into the territory with any species of prop-'
erty they might chopse to carry there with them;
and if Congress should assume or usurp (and
in such a case the terms are synonymous) such
power, and pass a law for that purpose, they
with unanimity solemnly declared that they would
"resist it at every hazard, and to the last ex-
tremity." The northern agitators, on the on*
hand, claimed the constitutional power to pro-
hibit the introduction of slavery into the Terri-
tories, and solemnly declared that they would ex-
ercise that power, be the consequences what ther
might. The South met the issues thus presented,
denying the constitutional power or authority of
Congress to legislate to the exclusion of its citi-
zens from the common domain or territories; and
pledged itself, and all that was dear to it, never
to submit to such an arbitrary and unconstitu-
tional assumption. This was the paramount issue
at the commencement of the Congress which as-
sembled in December, 1849; and no man can fail
to remember that the conflict between the North
and South, on this question, threatened to dis-
member the Confederacy. The great and dis-
tinguished men, of all political parties in this
country, saw and felt that the danger of division
and disunion was not only threatening, but so
imminent as to require the prudencc, wisdom,
and patriotism of the leading and influential men
in every section of the Union, to act conjointly
to prevent such a catastrophe.
The restrictive policy of the line of 36° 30'
north latitude had been adopted in 1820; and al-
though this restriction had been forced on the
South, it was now, in the very wantonness of
factious tyranny, repudiated by the North, and
the most solemn avowals heard from every quar-
ter of that section of the Union, that so far as the
territory acquired from Mexico was concerned,
they were determined that not one foot of it should
ever become the habitation of those who recog-
nized the relation which subsisted at the South
