1856]
AFPEPrtXlX TO THE CONGRSSSIONAI>GUOTB.
liaiiF
34th Coi o....1st Sess.
Goods Destroyed by Fire—Mr. Pelt on.
Ho. of Reps. '
(Ten from report, there are but three localities '
when* disasters have occurred that would author-
ize flitinviiits to ;>rvsi'nt themselves for relief un-
drr the provisions if the bill in question—namely,
New York, Sai. Fianc«s«-o,nnd Charleston, South
Carolina The first, comprising by far the largest
amount of the claims, arises in consequence of
ihe srreiM conflagration which occurred in New
York on the 19th day of July, 1845; and 1 beg
the care'ul attention of gentlemen who may have,
from anv cause, conceived prejudices against the
bill, to the statements which I propose to make,
as it is my desire and intention (as I believe I can
most successfully) to relieve this measure from
the gross and exasperated misstatements which
have had their origin with a class of persons who-
constantly hover about the Capitol, and who claim
the special prerogative of assuming the guardian-
ship of a large portion of our legislation. And
I hope to disabuse the minds of those gentlemen
who have been misled, not only with regard to
the amounts involved, but as to the motives which
prompted the friends of the bill to desire its im-
mediate consideration when reported.
The principle embraced in the bill, viz: that of
returning or refunding* the customs duties col-
lected on foreign merchandise, which, from any
cause, does not enter into the consumption of the
eountrv,is not a new principle to be, or proposed
to be, ingrafted upon the policy of the country.
It has been recognized by both general and special
laws, from the very creation of our revenue sys-
tem, regardless of tariffs, whether high or low,
ad valorem or specific, free or prohibitory.
Sir, from the organization of our Government,
Congress has, by repeated enactments, distinctly
recognized the principle of remitting duties on
imports destroyed while in the condition of their
original importation, or before they had actually
entered into the consumption of the country.
The correctness of this policy, I apprehend, no
one at this day will attempt to controvert. It
was doubtless based upon the supposition that
the destruction of the import, thus remitted upon,
would create the necessity for a new importa-
tion, upon which the Government would receive
duties anew, and thereby furnish indemnification
for the remission. Sucli a hypothesis is founded
upon just and equitable principles. It has surely
never been the policy of the Government to spec-'
ulate upon misfortunes which have deprived its
merchants and citizens of the fruits of their indus-
try and enterprise.
The first act of Congress imposing or levying
customs duties on imported foreign merchandise
was that of Jiriy 4, 1789. (Volume 1, page 34,
United States Statutes.>
Within twelve months thereafter, and on Ihe
14th day of June, 1790, an act for the relief of
Thomas Jenkins & Co. was approved, remitting
the duties on a parcel of hemp, duck, ticklenburg,
and molasses, destroyed by fire in the brig Mi-
nerva, on her passage from New York city to the
city of Hudson, her port of delivery, after the
duties had been paid, or secured to be paid. (Vol-
ume 6, page 2, United States Statutes.)
This case embraces a principle of much broader
extent than is recognized in the circumstances,
or in the report of the case now before the House.
In thecase of Jenkins & Co., the property released
from duty had made its port of entry, a:nd was
proceeding to its port of delivery when the loss
occurred; and this loss was occasioned from an
exposure of the property, by the owners, to new
risks, and against which the property might have
been protected by the exercise of ordinary care
and diligence on the part of the owners.
On the 4th of August, following the passage of
the above act, an act for the relief of John Stew-
art and John Davidson was approved, refunding
the duties upon eighteen hundred bushels of salt;
which had been landed and stored at Annapolis,
Maryland, and which was casually destroyed by
flood. (Volume 6, page 3, United States Stat-
utes.)
Again, on the 9th day of May, 1794, the duties
were refunded on a quantity of coffee imported
into Norfolk and Portsmouth, Virginia, and sub-
sequently destroyed by fire at Baltimore, whither
it had been sent, (volume 6, page 15, United
States Statutes. I
The facts ofthis ease were briefly these: Eleven i
hogsheads of coffee were imported in the brig
Jason, from Cape Francois, by two French citi-
zens, to the port of Norfolk and Portsmouth, and
the duties thereon secured to be paid by Messrs.
Elliot & Purviance, of the same port. The coffee
was afterwards, on account of the same importers,
shipped to the port of Baltimore, and there in the
nignt destroyed by fire.
This case also embraces a much wider scope,
and the principle adopted is altogether more broad
than is asked or contemplated in the one now
before us. In merit the cases bear no analogy or
comparison. In the former case, the claimants
were foreigners; the goods were imported to our
market, thence to a'second, and after this were
destroyed by fire, from an exposure to an ordi-
nary risk, aeainst which an insurance might have
been effected. <
Again, by act of Congress approved March 3,
1801, the collector of the district of Providence,
in the State of Rhode Island, was authorized and
directed to remit the duties on a portion of two
cargoes of tea imported on the 29th of July, 1800,
by Thomas Lloyd & Co., and on the 29d of
August, 1800, by John Clark, which were de-
stroyed by fire. (Volume 6, page 44, United
States Statutes.)
But, sir, I find legislative precedents which go
even ftirther in the application of the principle of
the remission of duties than those already cited.
An act approved March 7,1794, entitled "An act
for the remission of duties on certain distilled
spirits destroyed' by fire," and also an act ap-
proved June 1,1796, providing relief to the own-
ers of stills within the United States, for a limited
time in certain eases, and also an act approved
Mareh3,1797, relating to duties laid upon mills
employed in the manufacture of snuff, adopt the
principle—particularly the two latter cases—to
the extent, when the goods imported could not
from any cause be appropriated or used for the
purposes fbr which they Were imported or in-
tended, of remitting the duties, notwithstanding
there was no destruction of the article upon
which duties were levied.
It wilt be remembered, sir, that these cases-
were passed upon during the first few years of
the existence of the Republic; when, instead of
being a rich and prosperous country, with un-
appropriated millions in its Treasury, it was
nearly bankrupt, and with but limited resources.
And these cases were allowed' and approved by
the very founders of oar revenue system- itsslfv
not upon mere policy or expedient?, tat upon
principle founded in equity and just ice, «*id which
ahOUM control and govern the future action of
the Government.
I might go on, sir, and cite indetail similar acts-
of Congress to those to which I have already re-
ferred, for the remission of duties upon imports
destroyed by fire, but for unnecessarily consum-
ing the time of the committee. They are to be
found all through our statute-books, from the
foundation of our Government to the present time.
From the date of the last act particularly referred
to—that of 1801—the principle was, at various
times, distinctly recognized up to the year 1837.
(Vol. 6,page 691, United States Statutes.) Again,
in the year 1838, (vol. 5, page384, United States
Statutes.) Again, in 1850, (vol. 9, page 797,
United States Statutes;) in 1852, (vol. 10, page
728;) and 1854, (vol. 10, page 273.)
It will be remembered, that the act of July 7,
18%, for the remission of duties upoti merchan-
dise destroyed by the great fire in New York, in
1835, was based upon precisely the same reasons,
and contained almost identically the satfte pro-
visions as does the one before us.
But, sir, I presume it to be unnecessary to
make further citations fully to substantiate my
position, that the principle of this bill is not new
to Congress, or that any discrimination was made
either as to the time when, the place where,
or the element by which, the goods were de-
stroyed, so long as they did not enter into the
consumption of the country. I will merely add,
in connection with this point, that after the most
careful and diligent search, I nowhere find, in all
the legislation that has been had upon this sub-
ject, a case conflicting with the principle of the bill
before the House, or a single application for the
remission of duties on imports destroyed, that
has been rejected, where the goods were, when
destroyed, in their original packages as imported,
and had not entered into the mass of commodities
destined forthe consumption of the country, and
when the circumstances of the loss were such as
not only to excite no suspicion of fraud, but as
expressly and directly to exclude the possibility
of it.
Prior to the 28th of March, 1854, all legislation
of this class and character was special. The
principle of thus refunding duties had become,
practically, the fixed policy of the country, not-
withstanding each calamity or casualty required
the separate and distinct action of Congress.
On the 28th of March, 1854, after repeated
recommendations of Secretaries of the Treas-
ury, Congress passed a general bill conferring
upon the Secretary of the Treasury full power
to remit or abate the duties on all goods thereafter
destroyed or damaged while in bond, whether
such goods are destroyed or damaged in the ports
into which imported, or while in transitu from
one port to another, the cause of such destruc-
tion being immaterial, so long as the goods were
destroyed in the condition as imported, and
before they entered into the consumption of the
country.
This act received the sanction of the present
Secretary of the Treasury and the President of
the United States. And further, Mr. Chairman,
the provision of that act (the 8th section) confer-
ring such entire discretionary power, was retro-
active in its effect, and the sum of $137,214 47,
has been returned to claimants in consequence of
casualties which occurred prior to the enactment
of said law, aa appears by the following letter:
' T*s±8tJ Y Dbpaktmint, June 17,1856.
Bis: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 7th,
instant, requesting:, for the use of the Committee on Com-
merce, a statement of the aggregate amount of duties re-
funded, released, or in any mannernbated, under authority
of the 8th section of the act of 28th March, 1854, in conse-
quence of casualties which occurred between the date of
tjie warehouse act of August 6,1846, and the said 28th
March, 1854;
Aleo, for casmltie* which occurred prior to the said act
of August 6, 1846, distinguishing the amount go refunded in,
consequence of tie great firewhiah occurred in New York
in July, 1845;
Also, of any claims of which the Department may be
aware still outstanding or unsettled. -
In reply, I have the honor to state that the amount refunded
for casualties occurring between August 6, 1846, and
March 28. 1854, is   v., ,...... ,$27,246 88
For casualties occurringpriortoA,ugnstfl, 184<t,
there lias been nodtUig NAidcd, except for <
that Of the great fire in New York in 1645, for
. which the amount refunded is  109,967 99,
For casualties occurring after March 28,18S4,
the amount refunded is  10,833 19
Making the aggregate amount refunded under
said act..........   9148,046 59
The sum of $109,967 52 was on account, exclusively,
of wines and liquors which were under bond, and within
the provisions of the act.
1 am not aware , of bat two claims outstanding. They
amount, together, to 9876, and are suspended for further
proofs.
I am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTIIRIE,
Secretary of the Treamry.
Hon. E. B. Washbobns, Chairman of tke Committee on
Commerce, House of Rejrresentativet.
The equity and justice of the principle has re-
ceived not only the sanction of our own national
Legislature, but the practical indorsement of
every commercial nation of the world.
Tne present Committee on Commerce found
on the files certificates showing conclusively the
uniform practice of Great Britain, France, and
Russia. (See copies annexed, marked A.)
It is thus shown, that in no country are duties
retained, unless the merchandise upon which the
duties were levied was consumed by its citizens.
But, sir, although the same general principles
govern the commercial transactions of all nations,
they are not strictly obligatory upon each other.
So far as the principle of this bill is called in
question, I have fully shown that the recognition
by other commercial nations of its justice and
equity has been uniformly concurred in by, the
Congress of the United States. Various heads
of the Department of the Treasury have, from
time to time, urged upon Congress the propriety
of measures of relief as acts of justice, when, by
casualty, demands arose for tne application of
this well-recognized principle. Immediately after
the gnat fire in New York in 1835, Mr. Levi
