AF!PES*DIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Conq.^.Ist Sess.
Goods Destroyed by Fire—Mr. Pelton.
Ho. of Reps.
Woodbury, then Secretary of the Treasury, ad-
dressed the collector of the port of New York in
relation to the calamity, in which he deeply sym-
pathized with the suli'erers, and assured the col-
lector that the Department would extend every
indulgence within its power; and so well settled
did he regard the principle and rule of the Gov-
ernment to remit duties in such cases, that he did
not hesitate to express his opinion that Congress
would immediately come to their relief. In the
letter referred to he saya:
" I hardly need assure you tbat, undsr this great calamity,
yeurcitizeus shall have extended to them from tins Depart-
ment every indulgence which their misfortunes require,
and which the laws and official duty will permit me to
render.
" In respect to delay in the collection of bonds, or to
remissions or reductions of duties in certain cases, they both
deserve favorable consideration. But as you remark con-
cerning your own power about the former, it may be added,
a* to any power about botft, that the acts of Congress now
give me ne control over the subject. I do not doubt, how-
ever, that the subject will be taken up by Congress on
Monday, and some expression of its views soon given; and
in the mean time, I do not hesitate to believe that you and
the district attorney would be sustained and justified if, in
the exercise of a sound discretion under this afflicting emer-
gency, you did not press the collection of bonds in cases
where the public security Would not be impaired by a short
delay, and where the parties are in a sitaation which would
probably cause Congress to extend to them some relief."
Thus it will be perceived, that theaetion of Con-
gress received' more than the mere acquiescence
of the executive branch of the Government.
- And, sir, the policy, ay, the necessity of
adopting and ingrafting this principle upon aar
revenue system,to enable us successfully to carry
oat the enlarged policy of the authors of our
present warehouse system, and thus compete with
England for the entrepot trade of the world, was
moat forcibly presented to Congress by Mr. Sec-
retary Walker in his special report to Congress
on the warehousing system, (page 11.) He there
puts down as one of the important amendments
required to existing taws, " to cancel all bonds for
duties whert tike goods are destroyed by firt. This is
the case inGreat Britain." * * * * "Here
Cofigr«s«generally refunds the duties in such cases,"
ifc., Ire.
But we have higher authority—that of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, establishing
not only the abstract justice and equity, but
Affirming that such ia the principle which governs
our tariff laws, and that we have no right to tax
foreign merchandise which does not enter into
the consumption of the country.
This opinion was elicited in the ease of Brane
vs. Martiott, (collector of Baltimore,) and is re-
ported, in 9 Howard, page 619. Mr. Justice
Woodbury, in delivering the opinion of the court
in that case, uses thefollowing emphatic language:
. "We have no right'to asses* Here what doer not exist
Bere. The collection of revenue on an article not existing
would be art ahomaly; a mere fiction of law is not to be
countenanced nor required to enforce juat rights.'*—Page
632,3d and 4th paragraphs.
" Where a portion or shipment toes not arrive, it cannot
be taxed on any pound of law, or truth and propriety.
Such is the case of a portion being lost atsea, thrown over-
board,' or when columned by fire or natural decay—natural
or artificial causes: i* either case it cannot be assessed."
Had.., page 633, iatt paragraph at bottom.
'•To add to such unfortunate losses the burden of aduty
would be an uncalled-for aggravation, would be adding
cruelty to misfortune, and not justified by any sound rea-
son. Duties should not be exacted on what is tost, much
lesson what never entered'wtothe me of the community."
Ibid., page 634, 'Hani 3d paragraphs.
" But as Congress wishes to foster aa honest and honor-
able commerce by its laws, no less than obtain revenue, it
Is neither the true policy nor right of departments, or of
courts, nor is it presumed to be their desire, to embarrass
mercantile business when, not attended by equivocation or
fraud, or to throw doubts' and difficulties over the liberal
Course proper to be pursued towards the community in any
branch of trade."—Ibid., page 885,3d paragraph.
" Thinking, ss the court does, that this is the more liberal
and reasonable course, it has our full approbation; awl it
Is now ordered and Adjudged by this court, that the judg-
ment of the circuit court be alarmed with costs, and dan*,
ages at sit per centum."
"This opinion was given on a appeal by the Treasury
Department, from the decision of the lower court, that duties
could only be assessed on what actually amved in the
country and entered into consumption. The justice and
equity of this decision induced a general law to meet future
cases—that of jSjth March, 1833."
Sir,.believing that this brief recapitulation of
fact* is sufficient to satisfy any one of the justice
of the claims I am advocating, I will refer to the
past legislation upon this bill before proceeding to
(kov tiw probable amounts which, should it be*
com* a Jaw, weuid be drawn from ths Treasury.
The basis of this bill was the application of the
merchants of New York for the usual relief in
consequence of the great lire which occurred in
that city on the 19th July, 1845. A bill for their
relief was reported by the Committee on Com-
merce of this House, on the 29th January follow-
ing, (1846,) and " committed," but not reached.
At the second session of the same Congress a
bill was reported, and passed the House on the
28th February, 1847. In the Senate, at the same
session, Mr, Hunter reported a bill, but concur-
rent action could not be had at the very close of
Congress.
In the Thirty-First Congress, Mr. Douglas, in
the Senate, ana Mr. Phoenix-, in the House, re-
ported bills, which were committed, but could
not be reached.
In the Thirty-Second Congress, (1852,) Mr.
Clark, ojf Rhode Island, introduced in the Senate
abill, which was reported back by Mr. Hunter,
of Virginia; and Mr. Seymour, chairman of the
Committee on Commerce of the House, reported
a bill; neither of which was reached. The Sen-
ate, at this session, extended the provisions of
the bill so as to include the sufferers by the fires
which swept over San Francisco, between De-
cember, 1849, and June, 1851—a period of eigh-
teen months.
At the second session, Mr. Hunter, of the
Senate, attached to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill a section making an appropria-
tion of $300,000 for New York, and $100,000 for
San Francisco. This amendment passed the Sen-
ate, but fell, with more than a hlmdred others, in
the committee of conference.
During the first session of the last Congress, a
bill from the Committee on Commerce was re-
ported, and committed. At the second session,
the-Senate passed a bill, of which the one now
before the House is a. copy.
It was during that Congress that the act of the
28th March, 1854, was passed, extending the
warehouse system,and which contained the pro-
vision to which I have before alluded, granting full
power to the Secretary of the Treasury to refund
or abate the duties on all goods destroyed in all
future time, or which had been destroyed during
the eight years prior to the date of its passage.
No cry of fraud was then raised, or clamor heard,
that the Treasury would be depleted by the fab-
ulous amounts which the bill would call for. No
opposition to the measure on these grounds ap-
pears, from the record, to have been made.
The principle which governed that section of
the bill was, not to tax what did not enter into the
oonsumptioBof the country. Notwithstanding the
scope of that section is much more comprehen-
sive than the provisions of the bill in question,
including as it does all goods destroyed in their
original packages as imported, whether in the
port of entry or delivery; whether passing in
transitu from New Orleans to ports of delivery
on the Ohio or the upper Mississippi, or off Cape
Horn, in the coastwise passage from the Atlantic
to the Pacific ports, provided they were in bond;
notwithstanding this unlimited power, restricted
only to the principle that the goods did not enter
into the consumption of the country, the whole
amount refunded or abated, Mr. Secretary Guthrie
states to be but $148,046 59, as appears by his
letter of June 17, which I have read.
I have stated that that section embraced a past
period of eight years. It went further; it went
back to 1798, as it included all wines and liquors '
destroyed which were in warehouse under the i
old law of 1798, the privileges of which, however, I
only extended and were confined to wines and '
liquors. It was even supposed, as I have been I
informed, that that general clause would cover j
the claims in San Francisco, and all of those in '
New York. It did not, however, as the fire in
New York occurred the year previous to- the
enactment of the general warehousing act; though
for a different cause in the San Francisco claims,
which I shall presently explain.
The Finance Committee of the Senate, finding
their suppositions incorrect, and the principle net
only acknowledged but ingrafted upon our reve-
nue system as the fixed policy ef the Government,
determined in framing the bill now before the
House to include a period dating back to the act,
of 1638, for the relief of the sufferers by the great
fire in New York of 1825, and bring it down to
the general act of 1854, so as to cover the anom-
alous case of San Francisco, and thus rid Con-
P® y?r<;ver ,of further applications for relief.
1 he bill thus includes the small amount which
may be claimed in consequence of the fire in
Charleston, in March, 1838, that in New York,
and those in San Francisco. All minor cases
had been relieved in the different acts passed
during the period mentioned.
The claimants from New York could not object
to the bill assuming this shape, and certainly they
did not desire to exclude any rightful claimants;
but the bill, thus framed, did not originate with
them, and, as I have before said, the claimants
are confined to the three points named, so far as
any information can be obtained.
And now I come to the probable amount of the
claims. Every effort has been made to obtain
the most reliable data on this point. Assertions
and statements have been made, either to or in
the presence of members of this House, of the
amounts which would be drawn from the Treas-
ury, should this bill pass, varying from five to
twenty-five millions of dollars. It is well known
that selfish considerations, for the purpose of de-
laying or defeating the bill, have induced such
statements from persons outside of Congress;
and those statements have been believed and re-
peated, with full confidence, I have no doubt, of
their truth, by gentlemen on this floor. When
I reported the bill from the Committee on Com-
merce, I stated, as my conscientious belief, that
the entire amount would not exceed from three
to five hundred thousand dollars. From exam-
inations subsequently and more fully made, I am
entirely confident of the correctness of that state-
ment.
It is charged that the bill now before the House
is general in its provisions, embracing a long pe-
riod of time, ana that it opens the door to fraud.
Sir, that general, but not less sweeping charge,
does great injustice, not only to the petitioners,
but to one entire class of our citizens—the raer-
! chants of our country. The petitioners ask that
but a small portion of the duties which they have
paid into the Treasury, upon goods destroyed,
; may be refunded to them,and which, in accordance
with the well-settled policy and principles of ths
Government, they believe they are justly and
equitably entitled to receive. They have cer-
tainly expressed no desire or intention to receive
one dollar more. The charge, that fraud will, or
can, by any possibility, be perpetrated upon the
public Treasury, under the provisions of this
bill, is made in utter ignorance of the workings
and effects of past and similar legislative enact-
ment* upon the same general subject, and, as it
appears to me, without a careful examination of
the provisions of the bill itself. <
Tne petitioners, sir, do not in their application
to Congress, come as mere suppliants for govern-
mental favor. They do not ask us to adopt any
new line of public policy; neither do they re-
quire the adoption of a new principle that will
operate for their exclusive benefit, or afford them
any superior advantages over any other class of
our citizens, or over any other portion of the
country. They do not desire to take one dollar
fVom the public Treasury as a mere gratuity.
They are, sir—and I speak from personal knowl-
edge—high-toned and honorable men, many of
whom bad acquired competencies from diligent
and laborious application to commercial pursuits,
and .they do not desire to be, nor are they, pen-
sioners upon the Government. But they respect-
fully ask for relief, after seeing their fortunes
Swept away, and after having been overwhelmed
by calamity, which no wise forecast could have
foreseen, or oaution have prevented ; because
the Government, by its acts, has repeatedly saiu,
that it is not its policy to tax foreign commodities
which do not enter into the consumption oitne
country; and that the remission and refunding
of duties upon such commodities as are destroye
in their original condition as imported, is emi-
nently right, just, and proper. .
Sir, it Is my high and proud privilege to rep-
resent a portion of the great commerciai metrop-
olis of America-the city of New York-whose
merchants within the last two years have pwd
into the public Treasury near ninety nulhons of
