1134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Gong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
ter and Pearce,] after careful examination, and
with every safeguard thrown around it for the
Crevention of fraud; and it may, in myjudgment,
e submitted to the ordeal of this House with
great confidence.
The principle having been so thoroughly recog-
nized, its justice and equity having been passed
upon by the Supreme Court of the United States,
the Ion.: delay in rendering this justice in conse-
quence of the uncertainty of legislation, induced
the hope t..at the bill might be passed when
reported.
And now, sir, so far as I am concerned, and
those whom I represent, we are willing and
desirous that a limit to the appropriation shall
be made; and, if more agreeable to the House,
the general feature will be stricken out, and the
bill be made to embrace only the claimants in the
localities I have named. And to this end I will,
at the proper time, submit such amendments as
will accomplish those purposes.
APPENDIX.
Treasury Department, May 24,1856.
Sir : In reply to your communication of tiie — instant, I
have the honor to inclose herewith a statement, prepared
by the Register of the Treasury, of the amount of " duties
refunded" under the act of July 7,1838, on goods destroyed
■by fire at New York.
In reply to the latter portion of your letter, I have to state
that there are no facta or data in the possession of this De-
partment upon which any estimate can be predicated, the
casualty having occurred before the establishment by law
of the warehousing system, under which the quantity,
value, and duties on goods in warehouse, or withdrawn
therefrom at any period, can be readily and correctly as-
certained.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHItfE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Bon. Edward Wade, Chairman pro tempore Committee
on Commerce, House of Representatives.
Statement of the amount of duties refunded under the act of
July 7,1*538, entitled " Jin act to remit the duties on certain
?oods destroyed by fire at the late conflagration in the city of
few York."
Years. Duties refunded.
183 9 $9,700 49
1840   47,977 89
184 1 46,778 99
1842  36,903 03
184 3  9,690 72
1844   8,109 26
184 5 12,298 41
184 6 11,849 03
   814 80
1852    287 54
Total $177,410 09
F. BIGGER, Register.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, May 92,1856.
We, the undersigned, importers and merchants of the
city of New York, interested in a return of the duties paid
by us on goods destroyed by fire in this city, on the 19th of
July, 1845, observe with regret the erroneous statements
of the amount of our claims and the other causes which
have interposed to delay the return of said duties, and beg
leave to state that we have not parted with our claims, nor
are we aware that any of the original claimants have sold
or assigned any of said claims. The amount of the original
claims was, as near as we can ascertain, about $400,000.
This sum has been materially reduced by a partial return on
liquors, under a subsequent construction of the Depart-
ment, and will be still further reduced by the exclusion of
insured goods and insurance companies, as provided for in
the bill now before the House of Representatives.
The aggregate of the claims for the port of New York,
should that bill become a law, will not exceed, in our opin-
ion, $300,000.
We respectfully urge upon the delegation in the House
of Representatives from this city, ana upon Congress, the
propriety of our claims, and earnestly ask the passage of a
law for our relief.
Barclay & Livingston, Herckenroth fc Van Damme, (per
attorney. Gust. Schneider,) George W. Shilds & Co., But-
terfield & Fisher, (by Fred. Butterfield,) Dutilh & Cousin-
ery, (by Eugene Duulh,) Hutchinson & Tiffany, A. Worth-
ington, P. H. Hennequin tc. Co., Noel & DeCourcy, Ernest
Fielder, Faber & Bierweth,Newbold k Craft, E. D. Morgan
& Co., Babcock & Co., Scharge, Roop & Co., (Ulrica &
, Kruger, H. S. Routh fc Sons, Otto William Pollitz, John B.
Lasala & Co., Wilson & Brown, Myer fc Steuken, Croker
fc Warren.
New York, May 7,1856.
Treasury Department, June 17,1856.
Sir: As requested in your communication of the 21st
ultimo, on behalf of the Committee on Commerce of the
House of Representatives, I have the honor to transmit
herewith a statement prepared by the Register of the Treas-
ury, exhibiting the amount of duties on merchandise col-
lected in the district of San Francisco, California, during
each of th« fiscal ywui ending 30th June, 1850 and 1851,
respectively, via : during 1850, $889,569 93. and 1851,
$1,092,802 40, making an aggregate of $1,982,365 33.
In answer to the inquiry, whether, on the 24th of Decem-
ber, 1849, public warehouses for the storage of bonded goods
had been provided at San Francisco, agreeably to the pro-
visions of the general warehousing act, I would remark,
that there being no buildings at that period suitable for the j
object, no public warehouses for the purposes stated were '
provided. The first public warehouse for bonded goods was
rented and occupied in the month of November, 1850. j
In regard to the question, " What, in your(iny) opinion,
would be the amount of duties to be refunded, should a bill, t
similar in its provisions to the actof 7th July, 1838, to reuuit
duties on goods destroyed by fire in New York, be passed
for the relief of sufferers by the great fires in San Francisco,
during a period embraced between the 93d December, 1849,
and the 23d June, 1851 ?" I would respectfully observe,
that tlie collector in office at that time having failed to trans- |
mit returns and accounts of goods in warehouse under bond, :
the Department is in possession of no data upon which to I
predicate any estimate of the quantity or value of the goods !
in warehouse,and the duties thereon, between the periods
indicated; nor has it any information to enable it to form an I
opinion or estimate of the quantity or value of goods, in 1
" unbroken and original packages, as imported," that may
have been destroyed alter having passed out of the posses-
sion of the officers of the customs into that of the importer
or merchant. Consequently, no opinion or estimate can be
given of the probable amount of duties to be refunded on
this class of goods, in the event of the passage of an act
similar to that for the relief of the sufferers by the fire at
New York.
It is deemed proper to remark, that the provisions of the
eighth section of the act " To extend the warehousing sys-
tem , by establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes," approved March 28,1854, apply to mer-
chandise injured or destroyed by accidental fire, or other
casualty, while in the (TUstody of the officers of the' cus-
toms, in any public or private warehouses under bond, or
in the appraiser's stores undergoing appraisal at San Fran-
cisco at the period before-mentioned, and authorize the
extension of the relief therein prescribed.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasmy.
Hon. Edward Wade, Member of the Committee on Com-
merce, Mouse of Representatives.
Statement exhibiting the amount of duties on merchandise
collected in the district of San Francisco, California, dur-
. ing each of the fiscal year• ending June 30,1850 and 1851:
Years. Duties on merchandise.
185 0  $889,562 93
185 1    1,092,802 40
Total   1,982,365 33
f. BIGGER, Register.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, May 29,1856.
& Co.; Gladston & Co. ; Nicol, Duckworth & Co. ; Rath-
bone Brothers & Co.; Fielden Brothers & Co.; Richardson
Brothers 8t Co.; Phelps Brothers & Co.; Brown, Shipley
& Co.
London, November 29, 1848.
We, the undersigned, merchants of the city of London,
hereby certify, that in all cases where goods or merchandise
are destroyed by fire or other accidents, it is the practice of
the British Government to release the owners of such goods
from all bonds or payment of duties, upon the principle that
goods sodestroyed are not taken into consumption.
Baring Brothers; N. M. Rothschild & Son; Melhuish,
Gray & Co.; Saudeman, Forster &. Co.; Bell &. Grant;
Frederic Huth & Co.; Maclean, Maris & Co.; Itawsoi,
Norton & Co.; John Pickersgill & Son; Quarles, Harris &
Sobs ; David Taylor & Sons.
United States Legation, London, November 30,1848.
In the above list Of names there are some whose signa-
tures I recognize, and who belong to some of the wealthiest
and most respectable firms in London.
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Extract of a letter dated London, February 11,1848, received
from Messrs. Quarles, Harris S," Sons.
"We are happy to see that so very just and proper a
measure as the repayment of the duties on wines and other
merchandise destroyed by fire is before Congress, and we
sincerely hope it may be carried, as the reciprocity of na-
tional conventions is a very important point, and bears upon
all such matters very strongly.
" We deem it right to point out to you, that you may no-
tice it in the proper quarters, that had the properly belong-
ing to American citizens been destroyed hereby fire, by fall-
ing in of vaults or arches, or by any other accidpnt, the
duties would not have been levied, or, if paid, refunded."
FRANCE.
New York, October 19,1850.
The subscribers having been engaged in the importation
of goods from France, and in the exportation of cotton and
other products of the United States to France, d > hereby
certify, that the French Government does not levy duties
on foreign merchandise, unless consumed by its citizens ;
that if such foreign merchandise as imported is consumed
by fire or deitroyed, the said duties, if paid, are returned by
the Government to the importer, or to any party or parties
that would be damaged if the Government retained such
duties.
C. C. Bechet, Ch. Sagory, J. Lahens Sl Co., V. Barsalou,
Pillot & Le Barbier, L. Loriet, A. Seignette & Co., Le
Moyne & Bell, Cazet & Astoin.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
RUS8M.
Boston, December 10,1849.
The subscribers, merchants of the city of Boston and its
vicinity, have been in the habit of making shipments of
various kinds of goods awl merchandise to St. Petersburgh,
Russia; that some of us have had goods, sugars, &c., de-
stroyed and damaged by water, fire, or otherwise ; and, in
such cases, the whole duties have been remitted on the arti-
cles wholly destroyed, a sma2<4uty charged on the merchan-
dise damaged, and a lessened duty charged on such as were
! saved from damage; and also certify, that it is the custom
I of the Russian Government, as far as we know or are con-
cerned, to remit all duties (on goods destroyed) to the im-
1 porter, assignee, or to the party that would be injured by
the exaction of duty; nor do we know of any nation in
l Europe that charges duty on goods or merchandise unless
the merchandise is consumed by the people.
William Savage, Richard Soule, James Harris, Benj.
Rich, Samuel ttuincy.
Boston, December 12,1849.
The undersigned, a merchant of the city of Boston, ;
during his course of business, has been in the habit of mak- ,
ing shipments to Russia, and that in the year 1834 he had a |
shipment of sugars destroyed and damaged by an inunda- i
tion; that the Russian Government remitted the duties on
the articles wholly damaged, and a lesser duty on such as
were only partly damaged. ROB. G. SHAW.
Boston, December 17,1849.
The undersigned, of Dorchester, in the State of Massa-
chusetts, and formerly interested in the shipping interest
between this country and Russia, has been in the habit of
making shipments of various kinds of merchandise to St.
Petersburgh; and that I am knowing to the Russian Govern-
ment making allowance and returning the duties on goods
and merchandise destroyed or damaged by water, fire or
otherwise, at some periods; and I believe it is the custom
of most of die European' natrons, that charge duties on
goods and merchandise, to remit the duties on such as are
destroyed—that is, not consumed by the people. >
' JOHN D'WOLF. !
Liverpool, November 99,1848.
We, the undersigned, merchants and brokers of the town ,
of Liverpool, do hereby certify, that it is usual for the British
Government to remit the duties on goods of any description
destroyed by fire or other casualties, on being petitioned to
that effect by the proprietors, upon the principle, that the ,
goods so destroyed cannot be delivered for consumption. j
Molyneux, Taylor & Co.; Baring Brothers & Co.; I. k ,
H. Littledale & Co.; McCalmont, Sons & Co.; Glen, An-
derson fc Co.; Melly, Romilly k Co.; Chapman, B*wman 1
SPEECH OF HON. G. A. GROW,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
■ August 7,1856.
The House being in the Committee, of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
Senate bill for the admission of Kansas-
Mr. GROW said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not propose to trespass
long upon the patie nee of the co rami ttee. Having
been unwell for some weeks, my strength is not
sufficient to allow me to consume the hour to which
I am entitled under the rules, even if I were in-
clined to doso. Butit will not be necessary upon
this subject.
Not long since this bill was sent to the House
from the Senate, and has been heralded over the
country as a bill for the pacification of the troubles
in Kansas'. It should have been announced as a
bill to make Kansas a slave State, and thus to
consummate the original design of the repeal of
the Missouri compromise. The repeal was, from
its inception, a conspiracy against freedom. And
this bill, known as the Douglas-Toombs bill, se-
cures effectually, by its provisions, the original
design.
It provides, in the first place, for the appoint-
ment, by the President of the United States, of five
commissioners, who are to take " an enumera-
tion of the inhabitants authorized to vote," and
to apportion "the members of a convention to
form a constitution for Kansas."
The ninth section of the bill declares " that the
said commissioners shall have power, and it shall
be their duty, to make all needful rules and reg-
ulations for the conduct of the said election, and
the returns thereof. They shall appoint three
suitable persons to be judges of the election at cach
place of voting, and prescribe the mode of sup-
plying vacancies." In addition, they are em-
powered to appoint "a secretary to the board,
and such other persons as shall be necessary,
to aid and assist them in taking the enumeration
herein provided for."
