l^fll
mm-
\M
34TH CONQv>-.1ST Sess.
dfc&siyI of Kansas—-Mr. Wakwypi.
'1 '*
l H^of Hw!®>
governed, are sought to b« enforced; and the citi- j
ieos of the Territory have been,aud axe required > !
at the point of the bayonet, and at the peril of |
their Jives, to render to them aiv implicit and.re- ;
tpeciful obedience. And, sir, because American
freemen, whose hearts ever burn with the. spirit,
of liberty, and following in the footsteps of tneir
fathers, refuse this submission ajid obedience,,
shall thev, ought tkey, can they be charged, by
the President of the United States with " acting,
against, authorities duly constituted by acts of.
Congress?" And even more—because the peo-
ple of Kansas refuse to wear the yoke of tyranny
and oppression, sought to be perpetually fastened
upon them by the Iluchanan slavey driving De-
mocracy, art. they to be refused admission into
the Union ? . , ,
Sir, I will not pursue this paft of the pubjeet
farther. From these considerations it must be
apparent to every one that the people of Kansas,
in the formation of the constitution and Statq
government, and applying for admission into the
Union, have only exercised their just constitu-
tional rights, ana have violated no law, Federal
or territorial. They have exercised but the same
rights claimed and exercised by Vermont, Ken-
tacky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Miehig&n,'Florida,
Iowa, and California, and in each case with the.
subsequent approval of Congress.
3. The President in his special message far-:
titer declares that,
"In every case, it is the people of:the "Territory, not a;
party anion; Uiem, who have the power to form a conati--
tnuon and ask for admission as a State. No principle of .
public law— nQ practice or precedent under the Constitu-
tion of the United States—no rule of ifeasbn, right, or com-
mon sense, confers any such power as that now claimed by
a mere party in the Territory."
The points of objection contained in this quo-
tation are two-fold. First. That the constitution
under which this admission of Kansas is sought,
is not the constitution of the :tehole people, but
only of a mere party in the Territory, second.
That this being true, there is no practice or prc^
cedent under the Constitution for her admission*
To the first part of this objection, to. wit: "That-
the constitution is that of a mere party, and aot
of the whole people," it is answered, that the
call for the first meeting to be held at Lawrence,
August 15, 1855, to take into consideration the'
propriety of callings territorial convention, pre-
liminary to the formation of a State government,
was addressed to the citizens of Kansas Terri-
tory " irrtsptttive if parly," That meeting was
held, and it was J
" StnlieJ, That we, the people of Ktfnau Territory, in
mass meeting assembled, irrespective of party distinctions,'1
influenced by a common necessity, and greatly desirous of
promoting the common good, do hereby call upon and re-
quest aH bona fide citizens ot Kansas Territory, of what-'
ever political views or predilections, to consult together in
their respective election districts, and inmass convention,
or otherwise, elect three delegates for each Representative
to which sucli libit net is entitled in the House of Represent-
atives of the Legislative Assembly, by proclamation of Gov-
ernor Reeder of date I Oth March, 1855; said delegates to
assemble in convention at the townof Topeka, on the 19th
day of September, 1855, then and there to consider and
determine upon all subjects of public interest, and partic-
ularly upon that having reference to the speedy formation
of a State constitution, with an intention of an immediate
application to be admitted as a State Into the Union of the
' I nited Slates of America.'"
After the discussion of the resolution by Mr.
Stearns and others, the report of the committee,
of which this resolution formed a part, was
adopted with but one dissenting voice, and or-
dered to be published in all thepapers in the Ter-
ritory. Pursuant to the terms of this report the
convention met at Topeka, September 19, 1855,
and among its other proceedings it was
" Retained by the people of Kansat Territory in delegate
convention assembled,, That an election Be lield in the sev-
eral election precincts ofthe Territory on the second Tues-
day of October next, for members of a convention to form
a constitution, adopt a bill of rights for thepeOplfe of Kan-'
sax, and take all needful measures fbr organizing a State
government, .preparatory to tb« admission of Kansas into
the Union as a State.
"Retained, That all white male inhabitants, citizens of the
United States, above the age of twenty-one years, who
have had a bona fide residence in the Territory of Kansas
for the space of thirty days immediately preceding the day
of said election, shall be entitled to vote for delegates to
said convention ; and all white male inhabitants, citizens
of the United States, above the age of twenty-one years,
who have resided in the Territory of Kansas for the space
of throe months immediately preceding the day of election,
thall be eligible as delegate* to said convention."
. The proceedings of this convention were ad-
vertised in all the papers in the Territory, and
the election notified by handbills apd notices
j posted in all tie various precincts. Thus it will
be suen, Mr. Speaker, that the various proceed-,
ings which were had in the formation and adop-
tion of this constitution were not by a mere party
of the Territory, as charged by the President,
but in the name of all the bona fide citizens of the
T erritory, irrespective of party. U pon jtyese papers
as laid before Congress the presumption is, that,
the people—the actualcitizensof the Territory—
participated in, sanctioned, and approved, of these
proceedings, and of the constitution whioh was
the fruit of them; and there is no evidence what-
ever before this House or Congress to refute
this presumption, , "With what truth , then* cquld
it be asserted by the President that this constitu-
tion was formed." by a-pwe party in the Terri-
tory ?"
Again: the President asserts that it is "the peo-
ple of the. Territory who have power to form a
constitution, and ask for admission into the Union
as a State."; Of course, by-" the people" is
meant a majority of the citizens. That there was
a large majority of the actual citizens of the Ter-
ritory in favor of the constitution at the time Of
itsradoption, is fujly established by the report of
the select eommittee: charged with the investiga-
tion of affairs-in Katisas. By this report, it ap-
pears; that .the: constitution was submitted to the
people for their approval on the 15th day'of De-
cember, 1855;! that the whole • number of votes
< cast was 1,777—1,731 being for the constitution,
arid 46 against it. This doe# not include the
vote of Leavenworth, ant of the largest pretffnets
in the Territory, from the fact that the poll-books
had been destroyed, and the vote could not be
ascertained. It wilt~berememberedthat thiff elec-
tion occured in winter, and during one of^the
greatest excitements from border interference
with which the Territory has ever been afflicted.
By the census'taken, during that year, under the
.direction of Governor -Reeder, there were 2,905
voters in the: Territory.
committee -say:.
! " The result of lliis election
-motion by the «jf&iitiv# committee. In accordance with
the" constitution thus adopted, the members of the State
Legislature, and most of the State officers, met on the day
_and at the place designated by the State constitution, and
took the oath therein prescribed. After electing United
States Senators, passing some preliminary laws, and ap-
pointing a codifying committee and preparing a memorial
• to "Congress, tlie General Assemblya4joumed to meet -on
the.4th day of July, 1856. The laws passed were all con-
ditional upon the admission of Kansas as a State into the
; tlBcin. These proceeding* were regular, and, in the opin-
' ion Of your committee, the constitution thus adopted_fairly
expresses the will of the majority .of the settlers. They
i now await the action of Congress upon their memorial.
; "These elections, whether they were conducted in pur-
j suance of law or not, were pot illegal. Whether the result
of them is sanctioned by the action of Congress, or they are
' regarded as the mere expression of ffpopular Will, and Con-
gress should refuse to grant the prayer ofthe memorial, that
' cannot affect their legality. The right of the people to
' assemble, and express their political opinion in any form,
i whether by means of an eleetion or a convention,is secured
to them by the Constitution of the United States. Even if
i" the elections are to be regarded as the act of a party, whether
! political or otherwise, they were proper, in accordance
with examples, fcoth in States and Territories.
" The elections, however, were preceded and followed by
acts of violence on the part of those who opposed them,
and those persons who approved and sustained the invasion
-from Missouri were peculiarly hostile to those peaceful
movements preliminary to the organization of a State gov-
ernment. Instances of this violence will be referred to
hereafter."
As one Of the conclusions of' 'fact to which they
I arrive " in their report, they say:
j "Eighth. That the various elections held by the. people
of the Territory, preliminary to the formation of the State
government, have been as regular as the disturbed condition
of the Territory wdDlct allow; and that the constitution
' passed by the convention, held in pursuance of said elec-
tions, embodies the will of a majority of the people."
I . Again: this constitution,as before shown, pur-
| ports to have been formed by " the people' of
I the Territory; and their petition .for .admission
into the Union undent has been received by ,the
House without objection, and referred to the
proper committee. The fact of this petition
having been presented to this body has long been
known to the people of Kansas; and do they ob-
ject to its favorable consideration ? Have they
remonstrated against the prayer of the petition-
: ere? No, sir, not a single word—not aline has
beenjaid upon your table from the people of the
Territory in opposition to this measure. " Not
to resolve, is to resolve," says Lord Bacon; and
in this case, not to remonstrate is to approve.
Hence we may safely conclude that this proceed-
ing receives the entire approval of ,f the people"
of Kansas.
To the second part of this objection, to wit:
thaf there is no practice or precedent, under the
Constitution, authorizing the admission, is en-
tirely disproved by the facts and history of the
admission of the State of Michigan. The people
of that Territory, in 1835, without tlie previous
consent of. Congress, adopted. a constitution and
State government, and elected their Senators and
Representatives, and, at the ensuing session of
Congress, sought admission into the Union. Her
admission was opposed on two grounds, to wit:
her improper boundaries, and her alleged revo-
lutionary proceedings in the adoption of her con-
stitution. Her application was first referred to
the Senate Judiciary Committee—the Hon. Felix
Grundy being at that time chairman, who sub*,
sequently reported a bill for her admission, upbn
condition that the people of the proposed Stette>
iu a convention of delegates) would consent to
a change of boundaries, as required by the act.
This 4ct became'a law; and, pursuant to its pro-
visions tli^.^egjslature, called a convention, of
delegates, which met in the month of Septem-
bers—every organized county being represented;
btit the convention refused to give its consent
to the change of boundary, and declined admis-
sion into the Union upon the terms proposed., !
A portion of the people were dissatisfied with
the a&tioli of the convention', and accordingly,
withoutany legislative authority,met in primary
assemblies, ana elected delegates to meet in anew
convention to be held in the month of December.
Only a portion—"a mere party"—of the people
took part in these proceedings. Two whole coun-
ties—the oldest in the State—comprising one
sixth of the entire population, wholly declined
to participate in them, Nevertheless,'the con-
vention met,; gave its assent to the requirements
of the act, reported their proceedings to the Pres-i
ident, and demanded admiS6i6n' iftto the Union.
Andrew Jackson, then President, quite unlike
the distinguished gentleman who now occupies,
thatexalted position, transmitted-the proceeding*
of both conventions to Congress1, afidj in his mes-
sage, declared that, lyid^he proceedings reached
him duririgthe recess 'ofCongress, he should have
issued ^ tfifoclamation for her admission, under1
the laW, tm'being satisfied that they emanated
from a convention of delegates elected, in point of
fact, by the people ofthe State; but, aS Congress
was in session, he referred the matter to them.
The^proceedings were laid before the Judiciary
Committee in the Senate; and Mr. Grundy, by
correspondence with citizens of Michigan, became
of the opinion that the second convention truly
expressed the will of the people, and he accofd-
ingly reported a bill, recognizing the proceeding?
of this spontaneous convention, and providing
ft r the admission, of the State into the Union.
The measure met with a warm opposition from'
several distinguished Senators, among them, John
; C. Calhoun, who, withhisusual skill and power,
said:
' " He had said that the movement of Michigan was rev-
olutionary ; that she threw off the authority of the Unions
in calling a convention together and forming a constitution,
In that,: we were at perfect liberty either to treat it as a
revolutionary movement, as it was, in point of fact, or to
j Offer her conditions, upon which she might be admitted into
the Union. His opinion was, that the thing could be un-
done that was done—that Michigan could go hack to her
; original position, and that she should come in under the
usual form, as did Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana. In other
words^ that the Government should have leave to erect
herself into a! State.
" A great question next arose—a question of immense
importance: Had the convention of December a right to
assent to the conditions, and did it speak the voice of
Michigan? And had Congress a right to recognize its
proceeding* ? It was well known that the convention
held at Ann Arbor did not represent one third of the people.
All knew, too, that it did not represent the constituted
authorities. Now, had Congress a right to admit Michigan
upon such proceedings as these ? Could any man conceive
it to be a convention of the people of Michigan ? No, it
was impossible. It was neither more nor less than a caucus,
got up by party machinery. It was a criminal caucus. The
convention of December had no right to supersede the acts
of the convention held in September; and he entertained
the opinion that those men composing it might be indicted
at common law^and, what was more, they ought to he.
