1856.]
!(TQtTHE CQNGttpS^lON^ <?fc 0tBE.
im
34th Conq. Jst Sess.
National Politics—Mr* Elliott.
Ho. of Reps.
papers. I have a right to state this circumstance
m justification of tl e course of the cofnmittee,
which has been directly charged with a neglect
of duty in failing to report upon the memorials
committed to them. The committee did proceed,
at an early, day, to investigate the principles and
course of proceeding adopted by the naval board.
Members of the board attended, on the request
of the committee; and upon the information,
derived from them, the committee made their
report, accompanied by a bill, with such provis-
ions as they supposed would secure redress, and
do justice, in every case where injury had been,
inflicted by the board. Every officer who <501-.
giders hjmseif wronged can have a court of
inquiry, if the President should not think proper,
to restore him without the intervention of sucn a,
court.
Mr. HALE. What is the" remedy after the
injustice is ascertained by the finding of the court
of inquiry ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the honorable
Senator had listened to me he would have found
that there was a remedy provided by the bill of
the committee more available than that proposed
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.1 It
was by throwing the door open wide enough to
restore all who have been aggrieved to their rank
and precedence, as they stood before they were
retired or dropped. When a court of inquiry
■hall report favorably on any case, then it will
remain for the President to dp his duty, and, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, complete
the remedy; and whatever others may think, I j
have confidence that the President, will do his i
whole duty on this subject. ' His. own sense of
justice, and his responsibility'to public opinion,
are all the guarantees which we can have that he.
will not fail in the discharge of what is expected
of him in this, respect. I am inclined to think
that the door will be sufficiently opened if we.
leave the bill as it stands.
Mr. President, I shall not occupy the time .of
the Senate by answering any other points in the
remarks of the Senator from Georgia, except in
relation to the report which was expected to nave
been made by the.Naval Committee upon the me-
morial of an officer whose case has often been
referred to in the debates upon this subject.
It was intimated that there.was some particular
policy or motive on the part of the committee in
withholding a report in that case; and from the
language of the honorable Senator I inferred, that
he meant a challenge to the committee,to make the
report. The intimation was, that, after all. that
had been said on the subject, the committee w^ce
afraid, to bring forward any report. I should
really like to know .whether. Senators want the
report in that case; or whether they avail them-
telves of the failure of the .committee to make a
report up to this time, to infer that the committee
have shrunk from what they considered^ their
duty, or fouqd that they could not sustain the
naval board in- the ^ppsitions whleh some of the
members of the committee had assumed inde-
bate, in relation, to the case in question.^ I, must
say, injustice to the committee, that It is wholly
my fault that that report was.not made two-or
three weeks ago. Prior to that time, it,had been
delayed for several weeks* to give an opportunity
to the individual concerned to brjng. forward his
proofs; the, committee, at- the same time, .extend;
mg.every facility aa their .part, ancT using all the
power they bad to enable nim to do so, . The re-
port was at last'drawn up by a vnemberof the
committee, but on my request it, was submitted
to me for a more particular understanding of it
thflfn I, could derive from the reading.Qf it. incohy-
mltt.ee, with liberty to(make..such suggestions
afterwards as I might think proper. - In that way
it has been delayed in my hands fqr severa^we'eks,
The only explanation or apology J. can make for
holding' the report so long in my hands is, the
paramount interest and importance of the ques-
tions which were presented' fpr consideration in
the Senate soon after the report was put into my
hands—subjects of the greatest importance to the
peace and welfare of the whole country. I allude,
of course, to the propositions made by several
Senators to. remedy the disorders in Kansas^ and
the bill reported by the Committee on Territories
on the samt sufijeci. .
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. ELLIOTT,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
August 4,1856.
The Honse being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state df the tTnimi— ' -
. Mr. ELLIOTT said:
. Mr. Chairman: I am here this.evening for the
purpose of speaking of the principles, the hopes,
and the prospects of the three political parties
now engaged in the contest for the two highest
offices in our Government. I do not as much as
hope than any argument from me will disenthral
from their errors and fanaticism the northern and
Free-Soil wing of the self-styled American and the
Black Republican parties* for they both openly
resist the plain provisions of the Federal Consti-
tution, and would see this Union godown in blood
and carnage to gratify their deep-seated hate< and
long-nursed malice against southern institutions.
But, sir, whilst this storm-cloud, filled with the
Ughtning wrath of northern prejudice and fanat-
icism, is breaking over our heads, and menacing
the very, existence of our Government, it is time
that every patriot or lover of the .Federal Union
should at once appeal to the conservative elements
of the country to stand firmly united, and beat
back the tempest which at present looks so full
of evil and destruction.,
We have Jndeed " fallen upon evil times;" and
let me tell, you what I believe to be as true as that
God ruleth in the heavens—that we are now
fighting, a poli^cal battle, in order to test which
are in the majority—the lovers of the Constitution
and the Union, or thfi lovers of discord, disunion,
and civil war. The former are led on to conflict
by James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, and John
C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky; the latter by Mr.
; Fremont, of California, and Mr, Dayton, of New
i Jersey. There is another party, led on by Messrs.
! Fillmore and Donelson, which claims to be in
this presidential fight; «but believing its leaders
will not carry a State in the Unipn, I cannot so
regard it. Let us take a view of these parties—
their principles and their standard-bearers—and
satisfy ourselves for whom we ought to vote, in
! order to hush and stilLthe political passion, rage,
1 and fanaticism which are abroad in the. land, and
secure an administration during which.the Con-
stitution will be o^yed, the Jaws executed, and
the C.cuifederacy.preserVjgdj,,. The nominee -of the
Democratic .partjh,. Mr.\Buehanan, was selected
by a convention in which every State .^ud con-
gressional district in the Union were represented.
He is, therefore,.of course, the choice of the Dem-
ocratic .party. Mr. Fremont,,the candidate of
the Black Republican .party, and the Abolition
wing of the Know Nothing party, wag nominated
by. delegate^ from .the sixteen northern States)
only,. Thus .we behold ft candidate in the field
for the highest office a frt;e jpepple. can bestow,
nominated by the northern,section of the Union,
appealing,alone to; said section for support, and
struggling for victory, by, traducing the( South-*-?
calling it a slave. oligarchy, and ,denying to its
citizens the privilege- of .jnrugratipgtq $he Terri-
tories. that belong as much to thgSou^h.asjtothe
North, and settling there, unless they will agree
t,o. let the NojJh, prescribe, or dictate, to 1 them the
kind,ofpRo.periy'they are to take w,uh,the,ip, i.,,j
.Mr^Chairmanj, the North expects rjo souther^
State. to.yote/or' Mr. Fremont, and therefore its
mode of electioneering is by scattering the gross-
est calamnieaag^iinst the, southern people*,whom
they are pleased to call the slave-drivers of the
Sduth; and to show their feelings of disunion,
and their hostility against the South, they have
erased the southern stripes and the -fifteen. South-
ern'stare firom the banners and flags which they
have flung to the breeze at many of their great
public gatherings.
It is mournful to be forced to confess that a
party can carry a single State in the Union, which,
in its madness, seizes our national flag, and with
maniac fury tears from it the clustering stars that
represent the sunny, the generougy ana the chiv*
alrous South. But candor compels me to state
that thi* party has k chance to carry probably
some seven or eight States in the Union. Under
these circumstances, it is proper that every man
in this Government, who loves the Constitution
and wishes to avoid disunion and civil war,
should rally beneath the banner of that party
which, planting itself flpon a platform which
takes in the whole country, avows its determina-
tion to administer the Government in obedience
to our great organic law, without regard to sec-
tional considerations. I need scarcely tell you
that that is fhe Democratic party of this Govern-
ment.
But, Mr. Chairman, just at this, time, when the
fanatics of the North are threatening to raze tQ
its foundations the temple of liberty, there ap-
pears a third party before the country, depending
for triumph i|pon the prejudices it can generate
in the breasts of our native population against
the few foreigners who have sought shelter in
" the land of the free and the home of the brave"
from the oppression and tyranny of despotic
countries, and a denomination of Christians called
Catholics. *
This party has the consciences of its members
bound by horrible oaths to follow their leaders
in this warfare against foreigners and Catholics,
making a man's birthplace and religious opin-
ions tests as qualifications for office instead of his
honesty and capability. The members of this
party require a man to have been born where they
were; to worship God the way they do; sing from
the same hymn-book they do; vote, not as he
pleases, but as a majority of the order says he
must vote, and vote for one. of .his sworn broth-
ers,in preference to all other persons; and if he
refuses to surrender up all these sacred privileges
he is denounced as a Roman Catholic and against
V Americans ruling America."
This party was inaugurated in June, 1854, itia
said, in the city of New York. It is. a well-
known fact that almost all the northernxlergy are
ultra Abolitionists. The object of the prime
plovers, of this Know Nothing scheme was, by
makmg;war upon the Catholic Church and min-
isters, to enlist the Zeal and cooperation of all the
northern Protestant preachers, turn the churches
and fanes of religious worship into political hust-
ings, and infuse into the minds of the whole
North a prejudice and hatred against what they
call the slaveocracy of the. Sputh, that in their
growing strength ant} power woulderadicate sla-
very frQjtn the iftrdeir'to tifoul the
S9t^!a^..ehlist,t^rn.in a. struggle, the ultimate
p£ which was to exterminate negro slavery
in tk£ United States, they added to tneir persecu-
tion of Catholics a great outcry against all our
population not born in the UnitedStateg. Thus,
by this mode of warfare, the great mass of north-
ern divines took the stump, turned the churches
and sjicred.places into localities for political gath-
erings, and on the sacred Sabbath day breathed
forth, vengeance against slavery and the Pope of
Rome.,; They succeeded in preaching a majority
of the people into a bitter hatred against slavery,
and ahput twenty of them succeeded in preaching
themselves into this House, where they are daily
'j shrieking for freedom," and venting their mad-
dened,hatred against the Roman Catholic Church.
. In 1854,the Democraticparty,in order to carry
out the spirit of the compromise of 1850, declared
that the line- in prohibition of slavery north of
&O 30', known as the; Missouri compromise line,
was inoperative and. void; and .in forming terri-
torial governments fpr Kansas and Nebraska they
inserted apfo.visipnleaving the question of slavery,
as well as all other domestic questions, to be set-
tled by the people of said Territories, just as had
been.done m.information of the Territories qf
Utah and New Mexico by the compromise, meas-
ures,of 1850/ , , „ ,. :
. But the leaders of the Free-Soil pa.rty .qf the
North were opposed to the passage orthepompro-
mise of 1850, because it included the fugitive slave
law; and, having got .possession of the northern
churches and sacred places, and "turned them into
places of political preaching, and having nearly all
joined this secret political organization, by mid-
night-plotting they succeeded in creating a storm
before which the conservative Democracy had to
cower, and by which ■ they were elevated to power.
TheKnow Nothings North carried their election
■on the glaverj, question, and the Know,Noting*
