y\m
k&pmteii
[August 4,
34th Con6....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Elliott.
Ho. of Reps.
South carried some two or three States by their"
persecution of foreigners and Catholics; and con-
sequently, Mr. Chairman, the Know Nothings,
or self-styled American order, succeeded in car-
rying a majority of the ^>ngressional districts in
the U:ii!ed States; for, according to the count
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Smith,] which stands undented here, said party
numbers about one hundred and twenty on this
floor, of which about thirty are from the South,
and ninety from the North. And the first thing
this party did—this party that said its members
were sworn to preserve the Union—was to elect
a man Speaker of this House, who, although an
American or Know Nothing, in a public speech
avowed that, rather than the slave power should
triumph, he was willing " to see the Uilion slidei"
and who does not know which, the Whitfe or the
black race, is the superior, and proposes to test
the question by absorption and amalgamation.
I ao not assert that all the members of the
Know Nothing party voted for the present Speaker
of this House—on the contrary, he did notget a
southern vote; but two of the southern Know
Nothings, [Culi.en and Davis,] and four of the
northern Know Nothings, who had been voting
with their southern brethren, threw their votes
away on Mr. Fuller, and thereby elected their
Abolition brother, [Mr. Banes ;] but what I do
mean to say is, that the Know Nothings have a
majority on this floor; that eighty-odd of them
voted for Mr. Banks, and enough of the remain-
der stood off to elect him. They say they have
taken an oath to preserve this Union at all haz-
ards, and then show their devotion to it by per-
mitting the election of a disunion Speaker when
they had the power to prevent it.
But, sir, this is not all. The war made upon
the Democratic party by the southern Know
Nothings is much fiercer than that made by them
upon the Black Republican or northern Wing df
their party. Why, sir, i have been amused at
the strange inconsistencies of their speeches, and
particularly some of my colleagues on this floor.
i recollect that, before this House was organized,
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Cox] made
a very lengthy speech, in which he entirely se-
gregated himself from the Free-Soil wing of the
Know Nothing party. He formed a deep and
impassable gulf between himself and his "brother
Know Nothings of the Abolition party; his lan-
guage of bitterness and contempt for them was
eloquent, scorching, and withering; and yet, in
the same speech, he called some five or six of the
most ultra of his northern Abolition brothers
across this impassable gulf at the peril of their
necks, and made them witnesses tojirove the un-
soundness of some of the northern Democrats on
the slavery question. Yes, sir, that gulf which
had by the gentleman been declared impassable,
became passable; and the Know Nothing signs
and grips were renewed, when it became neces-
sary to make war upon the only constitutional
and conservative party of the whole North, and
to create a prejudice in the South against the
party that had supported the compromise of 1850,
the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and has stood by
the Constitution and the South in every time of
peril. My distinguished colleague uses witnesses
in whom he avows he has no political confidence,
from whom he has separated hlmseif As unworthy
his confidence or association. Still, these wit-1
nesses, every one of wh'ofri are for Frgmont for
Presidency, although politically unworthy the
confidence of my colleague, 'were' Respectable
witnesses when called to the stand against the
Democratic party. Why, Mr. Chairman, I trem-
bled when I saw those witnessesAttetopt to cross
my colleague's gulf of separation, fearful that
they would be swallowed up by .the fearful afid
pawning abyss; but, headed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] they made the trip,
and were animated by the smiles of the southern
Know Nothings, my colleague included, whilst
they were trying to make the political sentiments
of some of the northern Democrats as black as
• their own.
_ My distinguished colleague from the Louisville
district [Mr. Marshall] also separated hiifiself
from the abolition wing of the Know Nothing
party. He read the Frefe-Soilers, headed by the
gentl«man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] out of
what he called the American order; and the gen-
i tlemanfrom Ohio [Mr. Campbell] read thQsouth-
S ern members, headed by my colleague, {Mr.
j Marshall,] out of the order;-and yet, when it
becomes necessary to beat the Democratic party
in a little municipal election at Georgetown, in
this District, the Know Nothing, signs and grips
are renewed, and,the distinguished champio^, of
Free-Soil Know Nothingism, [Mr. C^mf&ell,]
and the distinguished champion of southern Know
Nothingism, [Mr. Marshall,] are found address-
ing the same crowd frbm the same stand over in
Georgetown, atiimatiijg those people to come up ih
their strength on the day of the election and carry
the town for their party, and against the Democ-
racy. But this is not all. When the District df
Columbia suffrage bill was under consideration
some time ago, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall^ offered an amendment, depriv-
ing All naturalized citizens from voting in this
District at the first election, after paying their
taxes, unless they were assessed at a particular
time, and the indications were that said amend-
ment would be voted down; but the gentleman
arose in his place, and expressed his astonishment
that the northern side of the House were voting
with the Democratic party, as he thought on that
question he and they agreed. Thus the gentle-
man's [Mr. Cox] gulf is again crossed, and the
northern and abolition wing of the Know Noth-
ings are greeted on the southern side to assist my
colleague to deprive naturalized citizens of their
right of suffrage. I therefore fear, Mr. Chair-
man, that the northern and southern wings of this
party are not as widely separated as they pretend
to be.
Sir, I regret to see the ditch between northern
and southern Know Nothingism bridged, when
it is necessary to use each other as witnesses or
voters against the only party which, in the ad-
ministration df public affairs j looks to the interest !
of every section of the country. And who axe !
those men whose evidence ana votes have been
appealed to against the Democratic party ? They j
are men who have staked the very existehce of
this Union upon the slavef-y question—men whose [
political visions, blinded and poisoned by a wild
fanaticism, would see the walls of the Union part,
and' your political edifice fall and crumble into
dust with a glow of rapture upon their faces.
Many of them now proclaim that the Constitu-
tion of our Government is "a league with hell,"
because it recognizes slavery. Mr. Chairman, I !
have said that 1 feared the northern and southern i
Know Nothings are not as far apart as they ought
to be, and I will proceed to prove it. The first
national convention ever held by the KnowNoth- :
ing party was in June, 1855. The northern elec- ;
tioijs for Congress were all over, and the Know
Nothings had carried nearly all the northern
States on the slavery question. No national con-
vention, and no national platform, was necessary
to carry the North; but the northern elections
being over, and the Abolition Know Nothings
having triumphed, it became necessary to consult
how to carry the South, its elections having yet
to come off. They meet at Philadelphia, make a '
platform, proclaim to the world that they are a
political party—that they have " risen upon the
ruirib, ana in spite of the opposition, of the Whig
and Democratic parties; and accusing said
parties of corruption, and having violated their
pledges, they proclaim that they are not to " be
held- in any manner responsible for the obnoxious
akits or violated pledges of either." They fur-
ther state, in the twelfth section of said platform:
" The National Council has deemed it the best guarantee
of common justice and future peace, to abide by and main- ,
tain the existing laws upon the subject of «lavery, as a final <
and conclusive settlement of that subject is spirit and in j
substance." i I
They say further; , |
"And regarding it the highest duty to avow their opin-
ions upon a subject so important in distinct and unequivocal
terms, it is hereby declared, as the sense of this National
Council, that Congress possesses no power tinder the Con-
stitution to legislate upon the subject of slaveiy in the States
inhere it docs or may exist, or to exclude any State fiom
admission into the Union because its constitution does or
does not recognize the institution of slavery as a part of its
social system; and expressly pretermitting any expression 1
of opinion upon the power of Congress to establish or pro*
| hibit slavery in any Territoix, it ia tbe sense of the National [
I Council, that Congress ought not to legislate upon the sub- j
• ject of slavery within the Territorial of the United States,
and' that any interference by Congress with slavery as if
exists in the District of Columbia would be a violation of
the spirit and intention of til'' compact by which the State,
of Maryland ceded the District to tiie United States, aud a
breach of the pational faith."
You will recollect that, when this platform was
established, the Kansas-Nebraska bill was a part
of " the existing law upon the subjcct of sla-
very," which that council promised to abide by
and mamtainas a final and conclusive settlement
of said question in spirit and in substance. This'
was a beautiful platform, well worded, and made'
to carry the southern elections. Mr. Chairman,
I told the people of the distriotl have the honor
to represent on! this floor, during the canvass,
that that platform was m^de to carry the South,
and when it became necessary; it would be
changed.' The southern elections cairVie On, and
the Krujw Nothings, were defeated-j-at Jeait a
majority of them.. They came here from every
section of the Union, and lo, and behold !: two
thirds of them were Abolitionists, and their'
organ, the American Organ of this city, cried,
out that the famous twelfth section of their June
platform must be repealed. This aanleparty met
at Philadelphia last February, and made another
platform; an! so 'fearful were its members of of-
fending their northern Free-Soil brethren, that
they refused to mention the word slavery in it.
Yes, sir, the southern elections were over; the
June platform had performed its mission, and'
now it became necessary to catch the Free-Soit
and Abolition brothers of the North, and conse-
quently the June.ji)latf6rm Was' repudiated', the
question, of slavery was ignored, and the Word
slavery was too unholy to be mentioned in the
February platform. In June, 1855, the members
of the Know Nothing party regarded it their
highest duty to avow their opinions upon this
important question of slavery in " distinct and
unequivocal terms;" hut in February, 1856, they
back down from this proud and proper position,
and regard it as their " highest duty" to repu-
diate their slavery platform, ignore the slavery
question, and refuse to offend their northern
brethren by using the word "slavery." Opin-
ions which it was their highest duty to avow in
June, 1855, now, when the very- pillars of our
Government are shaking before the storm excited
by the North, on the subject Of those opinions,
it is the highest duty of the self-styled American
party to conceal. What a great change came
over this party from June to February; and,
strange to say, eight of the twelve delegates from
Kentucky 'voted for this February platform.
Why did they alter their June platform? The
reason is to be found in a speech delivered by
Mr. Sheets, of Indiana, who said " he would'
assure the South that the twelfth section (of the
June platform) must be got rid of; he Was willing
to accept the Washington platform, (the one that
was adopted,) for if there was anything in it, it
was so covered up with verbiage, that a Presi-
dent would be elected before the people would
find out what it was all about. Three southern
States, had been carried on the twelfth section; re-
feaiit, and we will give you fhe entire North.
Applause.] He appealed to the council to.take
off tliis trammel, that the great North and North-
west may march to triumph." In this same
speech Mi-'. Sheets denounced*'the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. Here, sir, the, South is
told that it has carried but three States by the
twelfth section of the June platform,and th'e whole
North'is promised by its repeat. The February
convention struck out the twelfth section not to
get southern votes, but that the "great North and
Northwest may march to triumph," and yet the
American party appeal to the South to support
the nominees of its February convention; when
it lias struck'frottt, its'.platform every principle
dear tb the Sputh, that the Free-Soil anti-Ne-
braska portion 'of the order riiay march to tri-
umph.
Mr. Chairman, the North had it all their own
Way at the February convention, for a great
many of the southern delegates pandered to north-
ern feeling because " the great North and North-
west" have a majority of the voters. Why, sir,
therfe were only a little over half the States of the
Union represented in the February convention;
for i recollect Judge Shortridge, Know Nothing
candidate for Governor of Alabama, and the Hon.
