1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1153
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Elliott.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. White, of said State, in a letter which they
wrote, repudiating the February platform, stated
that there were more delegates from New York
and Pennsylvania in said "convention than from
all the southern States of the Union. But, Mr,
Chairman, there was another reason why the
twelfth section of the June platform had to be
expunged. Mr. Fillmore had a large majority
ef friends in that convention* and the twelfth
section had asserted three propositions: first, that
Congress has no power to legislate on the slavery
question in the States; secondly, that it ought
not to legislate on the subject of slavery in the
Territories; and thirdly, that the abolition of
slavery in this District violates the spirit of the
contract of cession by Maryland of it to this
Government, and would be a breach of the na-
tional faith. The convention well knew thatMr.
Fillmore would not indorse such a platform, for
in 1838 his opinions upon these subjects were
desired, and he gave them, as follows, in a letter
dated
Buffalo, October 17,1838.
Si*: Tour communication of the 15th insjaat, as chair-
man ot the committee appointed by the Anti-slavery So-
ciety of the county of Erie, has just come to hand. Yon
solicit my answer to the following interrogatories:
1.' Do yon believe that petitioning Congress on the sub-
ject ol slavery and the slave trade ought to be received,
read, and respectfully considered by the representatives of
the people ?
3. Are you opposed to the annexation of Texas to this
Union, under any circumstances, so loag as staves are held
therein ?
3. Are you in favor of Congress exercising til the consti-
tutional powers it possesses to abolish the internal slave
trade between the States ?
4. Are you in favor of immediate legislation far the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia ?
I am much engaged, and have no time to enter into an
argument or explain at length my reasons for my opinions.
I shall therefore eontent myself for the present by answer-
ing all your interrogatories in the affirmative, and leave for
some futare occasion a more extended discussion on the
subject. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Here, you see, Mr. Fillmore takes ground in
favor of receiving, reading, and considering abo*
lition petitions; fbrusing all the power the Gov-
ernment possesses to abolish the slave trade
between the States, and for the immediate aboli-
tion of slavery in this* District, and opposes the
annexation of Texas, " so long as slaves are held
therein." How could he, entertaining - these i
views, indorse the.twelfth section of the. June j
platform, which denies the power to meddle .with
slavery in the States, or refuse a State admission ;
into the Union because-of a nlayery provision in '
its constitution, when he says in hisErie .letter,
that he will oppose the. admission of Texas, bo
long a* slaves are held therein.; and that.he will
legislate, so far as is in his power, on the subject
of slavery in the States, by abolishing the internal
slave -trade between the States, and that he- m for
the immediate abolition of slavery in this District*
whilst the twelfth section denounces such a
measure as a breaeh of national faith ?
The June platform and Mr. Fillmore's opin-
ions on the slavery question were directly opposed
to each other; and, if he was to be the nominee
of the February convention, .said platform had to
be repudiated.- That platform was. for standing
by existing laws on the slavery question. The
Kansas-Nebraska bill was a part of those exist-
ing laws, and Mr. Fillmore being opposed to the
provision in that bill repealing the Missouri com*
promise line, and being, in my opinion, in favor
of it* restoration, the duty was imperative to get
rid of the June platform. . .
Well, sir, the-June platform being destroyed
by the Mime party that brought it into existence,
they adopted a platform, fixed up here in Wash-
ington city, and published some weeks before the
convention met. ■ •!
The thirteenth section of this platform indicts
the President of the United States, and puts him
on trial before the country, for " reopening sec-
tional agitation by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise." The Black Republicans met a,t
Philadelphia, in June last, and made a platform,
in which they arraign the present Administration
before the country for the very same thing; so
that the Fillmore party and the Black Republican
party agre«! on the Kansas-Nebraska bill,both
being against it. And here, again, I am astonished
at the inconsistency of some of our " South
American" frien4*.'.f0r instance,! am told that
New Series—No. 73.
! my colleague [Mr; Cox] and the gentleman
! from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] two of the
I warmest advocates of the Nebraska bill, are now
I advocating the claims of Mr. Fillmore, who plants
himself upon this anti-Nebraska platform. Here
we see two gentlemen not only voting for the
Nebra'ska bill, but urging its^ justice by two
lengthy and able speeches, now turning round
and arraigning the present Administration before
the country, for favoring the very measure which ■
: they advocated themselves, and for which they
voted. I have not heard my colleague [Mr. Cox] I
state that,he is for Mr. Fillmore; and I hope 1
ha is not, for I would hate to see him stultify \
himself, and repudiate his own record, for the
purpose of waging war upon the Democratic
party. What did the President do? He signed
a bill for which the gentlemen from Kentucky ;
[Mr. Cox] and from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicof- '
feh] had voted, and he had the weight of their
able speeches on which to rely for the correctness j
of his course. Sir, these gentlemen muBt feel
very bitter against the Democratic party when
they will condemn themselves—their own votes !
and public record—to get to condemn this Demo- j
cratic Administration.
But, sir, I will go on with my evidence of j
Know Nothing inconsistency. At their June con-
! vention they made war upon the Roman Catholic
| Church; and when some Roman Catholics from ,
I Louisiana asked admission as delegates, they
were refused with bitter scorn. Every Know
I Nothing in my State took oaths to refuse office
j or trust to members of the Catholic church, and
i to turn them out of office if in their powec to da
, so; and their orators proclaimed that the Catho-
I lies of the United States had formed an unholy
' league with the Pope of Rome to subvert not only
; the religious, but the civil institutions of this
' country; and yet, in: February last, they met at
; Philadelphia and voted to admit as members of
: the convention, a portion of these same Catholics
j whom they had charged with the treasonable pur-
: pose of aiming at the overthrow of this Govern-
ment, and whom they had sworn never -to ap-
point-to office or trust.
What is. their position ? Last summer- they
charged.♦hebishops and members of the Cath-'
olic church with being in league with the Roman
pontiff in a-treasonable, conspiracy against our
civil institutions; but when it becomes necessary
to bid -for the. Catholic vote to aid in the elevation
of their candidate-for the Presidency, they back
down, admit the Louisiana jCatholus.;delegation
aa me«B ber3 of their natMuttaltconv«nuon, and sit |
Upchdek by jowi with th« very same men whom !
they had, all over the country, charged with har- j
boring, traitorous designs against the .Government!
of the United States. ' j
. Why, sir, the people of my district would 1
scarcelybelieve me if I were to tell them that a
whole parcel of Roman Catholics- were in the late
convention that nominated Mr. Fillmore, and yet
such ia the faetS In Kentucky, the Roman Cath- :
olics are denounced as traitors, and aiming at the i
destruction of our civil and religious liberty; and !
in Louisiana these same Roman Catholics are
the leaders of the Know Nothing party.
Sir, can a party with such inconsistencies fool j
anybody? But-1 am told that Mr. Fillmore will '
make a safe President because he.signed the com- J
promise of 1850. True,-he signed that compro- i
mise; but the great spirits (Clay and Webster) 1
of his own party, whose mellow and persuasive
eloquence invoked him to do it are no more; and
were theyhere, he has deserted their party, and
would of course be influenced by their counsel.
He has neve'r taken back his Erie letter, or'dis-
claimed the sentiments contained in it; and he iq,
I have no doubt, in .favor of the restoration of
the Missouri compromise line, for the Representa-
tive from. his district, hi* former partner in the
practice, of the law, and his warm personal and
political friend, [Mr. Haven,] voted the other day
for the bill of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunn] for the restoration of said line. But.the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr; Dunn,] the author
of the measure to restore the Missouri compro-
mise-, is a Fillmore elector for the State at large
in which he resides, and appealed the other day
to this House to stop thewheelaof Government,
to refuse to appropriate a dollar to defray its
expense®, to let the Army and Navy starve or be
disbanded, and every officer, from the President
down, go unpaid till the Missouri compromise
line is restored. Yes, sir, he, one of Mr. Fill-
more's eloquent advocates, wants to force an un-
willing President and Senate to restore the Mis-
souri compromise line by starving them into it, or
breaking up the Government by refusing to pay
those who carry it on.
I have shown that .this Fillmore party have
backed down from their June platform on the
subject of slavery and Catholicism, and in their
February platform have substituted verbiage for
political principles. And no wonder they repu-
| diated their slavery platform, for Mr. Sheets, of
Indiana, and Governor Ford, of Ohio, two rank
: Abolitionists, were the leading spirits in the con-
j vention. What did Governor Ford say in the
! New York convention of the Free-Soil Know
Nothing party which, last June, nominated Fre-
1 mont for the Presidency ? He said:
| " The American party has a great work to do—that work
1 is to spread Americanism and resist slavery. The power
; of the Pope and domestic slavery are linked together, [ap-
plause,] and they have upon earth but one mission—the
extinction of human liberty. And now. after I have been
with you a year or more, you will give me leave to say thai
it has become our duty to declare, even if it bring upon us
the charge of egotism, that the American party claims
credit for being the first to effect a union against the aggres-
sions of slavery. Let us inscribe upon our banners, and
proclaim it td the enemies of liberty everywhere, that the
American party was the first which proclaimed the princi-
ples of freedom. [Tremendous applause.]"
Mr. Sheets got. the February convention to
repeal the twelfth section; the Catholics of Louis'
iana got. the convention to modify their June
platform,: nd> adroit them as brotlner/ members;
and now Mr. Sheets- and Governor Ford, two of
the leading members of that convention, have
deserted the Fillmore party and gone into the
Black Republican ranks, proclaiming that the
Know Nothing party was the first to form a union
against slavery, and telling the southern Know
Nothings that they are slanderers when they as-
sert that the foreign Catholics are Abolitionists,
for that they are in partnership with the slave
power in a struggle for the extinction of human
liberty. I have no doubt a majority of the Feb-
ruary Kqow Nothing convention were Free-
Soilers; for instance, the Know Nothings of Penn-
sylvania were divided, a portion .of them being
for the June p}at%m of ..And it was proi
elaim«4 here, l jr t^gapateman/from Kentucky,
[Mfj. that the seoeders from the
FjpQ-j5oil Know Nothings of Pennsylvania were
the true, representatives of this sworn order in
that Stale. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Edie] arose in his place and denied it, and
stated that the State council, of which he was
president, was the only legitimate one in the State.
Each party went to Philadelphiaand claimed seats
in the last February convention; and the Free-
Soil Know Nothings, headed by Edie, were ad-
mitted as members, whilst the twelfth section
party were refused admission. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Edie] is a member of
this House, voted for Mr. Ranks for Speaker,
and is what the Free-Soilers call sound on the
negro question.
But, Mr. Chairman, whilst the Know Nothing
party are trying to establish the unsoundness of
Mr. Buchanan on the slavery-question by refer-
ring to the proceedings of a coupty meeting in
Pennsylvania forty -years ago, let us look a little
further into Mr. Fillmore's record. Whilst Mr.
Fillmore was a member of this House, he voted
io .receive, read, and consider every Abolition
petition presented here; and, although he is pow
so much opposed to white foreigners,-in 1842,
Mr. Adams presented a petition for the p&turalr
Ration of free negro, foreigners, and that they-be
allowed to hold real estate; and on a motion, being
made to lfiy the reception of the petition on the
table, Mr. Fillmore voted in the negative, thereby
voting for the reception of the petition. But. this
is notall. Some time in the-year 1841, some; gen-
tlemen left Richmond, on board the brig Creole,
for the South* with some thirty negroes, and
during the passage the negroes rebelled, mur-
dered one of their masters, and threw him over-
board to seek.a gr^ve amid ocean's deep bosom;
and some of the negroes taking sides with their
masters the, mutineers were held at bay till the
