1356.F
AFPEMMX TO1 THE GOWGRESSIOWAL' GLOBED
H57?
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—'Mr. Branch.
Ho. ©r Reps..
the reserved powers, when a State has Specified
what property shall be exempt, Congrefca has no
power to contravene it by adding to, or subtract-
ing from, the amount exempted.
Could Cons-ress, by taw, make all land purchased
from the Government subject to be entailed?
Moat dearly such an -act would be void, when
coming into conflict with State legislation abolish-
ing entail. To the States is reserved the right to
regulate the tenure of real estate within their re-
spective limits, to fix the terms and conditions
of its transfer, and to affix to it its responsibilities,
their plenary power in this respect being subject
to no restriction whatever, save only that no State
■hall pass any " law impairing the obligation of
contracts."
Why is it that every new State is required, as
a preliminary condition to its admission into the
Union, te give its' assent to a solemn compact,
that in consideration of the payment to it of five
per centum of the net proceeds of the sales of
public land within its limits, it will not impose
any tax on land owned by the Government?
Will it be pretended that, having no right to pro-
tect its own lands from taxation, except by com-
pounding with the States, it yet has a right to
protect those same lands, when they have ceased
tn be its property, from liability for the debts of
their individual proprietors ? If this fourth section
is constitutional, then does Congress a very inex-
plicable act on the admission- of every new State
into the Union.
When the Government owns land within the
limits of a State, it holds it on the same terms as
would an individual, and subject to the same
jurisdiction of the State. As between itself and
die State, it holds precisely as any other landed
proprietor holds his land, and it can Claim no
exemption, and exercise no rights, which a pri-
vate individual coxrtd not claim and exercise.
Not only can Congress claim, as a right, no
such jurisdiction over landowned by the Govern-
ment within a State as is attempted to be exercised
by this clause; but it cannot exercise jurisdiction
even with the consent of the State, except in one
case specified in the eighth section of the first'
article of the Constitution, in which it is author-
ised " to exercise exclusive legislation over all
places purchased bg consent of the Legislature of the
State in wkith, the same shall be, for the erection of
forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings." Congress could not fulfill its
higheatfunction—that for which the Federal Gov-
ernment was principally established, to wit: to
provide for the common defense—without such
structures. Such struct urea would be practically
useless for military purposes, unless Congress
had the exclusive control over them; and yet,
such was the jealousy of the framers of the Con-
stitution, that they would not allow Congress to
exercise control over the ground on which its
forts stood, without the consent of the States.
They thought it better to allow a single State,
embracing within its limits the mouth of a great
bay, river, or estuary, to prevent the erection of
the fortifications necessary to defend the States
above it, than to allow Congress to exercise juris-
diction over one foot of land within a State with-
out that State's consent. If, merely in virtue of
itsownership, Congress could exercise legislative
power over land, why was this clause inserted in
the Constitution ? And I would ask any friend
of this bill, what higher legislative power could
be exercised, what more full and ample sover-
eignty could be assumed, than is found in the
fourth section of this bill ? It not only assumes
to. control the transfer of the land, and imposes a
restriction on its transfer, in direct conflict with
the laws of every State in this Union, but it in-
terposes between debtor and creditor; affecting
the rights not only of the debtor who has received
a qualified right to the land from the Government,
but also of the creditors, who have not, by anv
act of their own, placed themselves within reach
of your jurisdiction.
It is not a question only of conflicting jurisdic-
tion. Even if a State were to consent to the ex-
ercise of the power within its limits, it would not
remove the difficulty. Congress derives its pow-
ers, not from occasional concessions of the States,
but from the Constitution; and the clause in re-
gard to forts, arsenals, and dock-yards, precludes
the idea that Congress, even «• with the consent
of the States," can exercise the power elsewhere
in the States, than at its forts, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings.
I would, not deem it worth while to allude to
the constitutionality of the billfor the purpose of
influencing the action of Congress; and, perhaps,
as all allusions to the Constitution are extremely
unpalatable to many gentlemen, whose sensibili-
ties I respect, I might refrain from such allusion
if it were not that the section of the bill under
consideration relates to a matter of private right
between, individual-and individual, and its valid-
ity is to be tested in a forum in which the whis-
perings of an unfledged philosophy, inculcating
a'better social Bystem, and the graspings of poli-
ticians after special and unjust advantages for
their own localities, will weigh naught against :
that fast anchor of our institutions, italex seripta
est. To that .forum I teave it, with no fear that
it can pass the ordeal. ■
. If this bill becomes a law, and the courts should-
sustain the fourth section, let us examine some
of its effects in the States in1 which the Govern-
ment owns lands. For ages past, the lawyers
and■ statesmen of England, realising the incon-
venience of.diversity of tenures by which land is
holden, have been exerting themselves to sim-
plify and reduce them to uniformity. They have
accomplished much, perhaps fully ast much as
could have been accomplished, where vested
rights, aristocratic privileges, and ancient preju-
o*ces, obstructed every foot of their progress.
By the reforms they have introduced, much of
the learning contained in Littleton, Coke, and
Blackstone, haB been rendered obsolete and mere i
curious than useful—serving, like musty records,
to authenticate the legal lore of old lawyers,-and
to teach young students patience and endurance.
Settling a new country For which tiieywt'fe called
on to frame institutions,and free from allconstraint
resulting from existing syse  msrourancestors de- >
clared that all land should be holden in fee, at the j
same time that they abolished every legal contri- i
vance, quirk,-and fiction, by which a debtor;
could hold and enjoy .his property in defiance of '
Ilia-creditor ' That the whole surface of this vast j
and magnificent continent, should be held by its !
millions upon millions of proprietors, by one !
simple and uniform tenure, was a grand concep-
tion. And Providence blessed us and our descend-
dants to the remotest generation, when it placed
our ancestors tn a situation, and gave them the
iaclination, to adopt it.
The bill proposes to mar the simplicity and
destroy the uniformity of our tenure. The land
of one citizen is to be liable for the payment of
his debts, whilst that of another citizen of the
same State is not to be under similar liability.
My homestead—whose sod, perhaps, may cover
the ashes of a long line of ancestors, and whose
barren hills may speak to me of their toil and
self-denial; whose ancient houses, and venerable
oaks, and babbling streams, connect me with the
past and bind me to the future—my land may be
seized to pay my debt; Because my title deeds
are old, and were purchased by the sweat of the
brow; because my ancestors'were here to fight
the battles of the Revolution, or to aid in wresting
the wilderness from the savage, and chose to
stand fast on the battle-field they had won;
because they and I have been prudent and indus-
trious, and nave accumulated property, my land
may be taken for the payment of my debts. By
my side, may be a fresh emigrant from Europe—
a sovereign squatter—-who may be indebted to
me for the wfeans of availing himself of the provis- j
ions of this bill. I cannot seize his land and sell !
it for the payment of the debt-he owes me—not
even to save my own. Whilst I am driven into
the wilderness, he reposes-in peace—perhaps
becomes the purchaser of my land at sheriff's
•ale, and invades the graves of my ancestors for
the means .of fertilizing the soil. What is it but
a proposition to establish a privileged class of the
most odious description, invested with peculiar
immunities, enjoying special exemptions, and
released from all the uRUal obligations to be pru-
dent and industrious—a vagabond aristocracy,
from whose ranks you carefully exclude all the
industrious, comfortable, and stable population
of the country'
Amongst the titled aristocracy of (England, it-
is customary to annex to t-he title,;by entail, a
sufficient amount of property to enable the pos-
sessor of the title to support it  dignity; There
the property is secured to the person. :This bill,
under pain of forfeiture of all rights under it, for
a time at least, binds- the person to the land. I
submit, that the position of our aristocrat--would
resemble mord that of a Russian serf, whobelongs.
to the land, and is transferred with it, than that
of the English noble, to whom the land belongs.
And he would resemble either, move than he
would a proud and independent American free-
man, with no stars of honor on his breast, and
no charity title to his home.
It will be observed that the ,bill does riot-broadl y
and distinctly declare that the land shall not be.
liable for- any debt; If -it did,'it .Would at least
have the merit of establishing a fixed and- uni-
form rule, and persons.dealing with the squatter
would know to what extent to trust him. Itonly
provides that it" shall in no.event become liable
to the satisfaction .of anydebt or debts contracted
prior to the issuing of the- patent therefor." But
in reality it is optional with the settler whether it
shall ever be liable for the payment of any of his
debts, no matter when contracted. For by the
second section it is provided:
" That no certificate shall be given or patent issued there-
for until the expiration of Ave years from the d te of such
entry; and if, at the expiration of sueh time, or at any
time thereafter, the persou making such entry"—
shall comply with the requirements of the act,
amongst which is the payment of ten dollars, he
shall be entitled to a patent. It is entirely op-
tional vHth him totake his patent or not at the
end of fiveijserfrs^:'And, as he -incurs no forfeit-
ure, and Buffers no loss-or inconvenience* by not
taking it, whilst by taking it -he- incurs ain ex-
pense of ten dollars, besides placing his land
within the reach of his creditors, the presumptio"
is that few will take thepatent. Inasmuch, how-
ever, as'the patents dan at any time be cal'ed for,
the Government cannot even save the expense of
its land office machinery, after the lands have
ceased to yield one cent of ravenue. Afid the
people of the country must continue to be taxed
at least one million of dollars p£r annum for
merely preparing the land, by surveys and other-
wise, for settlement, independently-of the expense
of extinguishing Indian titles, and of acquisitions
by other mode's. •<- ' ' -
Nor is this the only; pecuniary consideration
connected with it? Who is to pay the State tax
on the land prior to the issuing of the pateint?
Or is it proposed to starve out and dispense-with
the State governments, as jarring and disturbing
the harmony of the system, and standing in the
way of the beneficent designs of Congress in
favor of everybody? If it is regarded as the land
of the Government, the compacts of the States
forbid them to tax it. It certainly cannot be
regarded or taxed as the property of the settler;
for, until he has complied with the requirements
of this act, he has not even an equitable interest
in it, but only an inchoate claim to it. If it oould
be sold for tax as his property, he would not be
the loser, but the Government, for he could settle
another tract, his right to do so not being barred
except by an " entry" in the land office of a tract.
This privilege of changing his location, which
an emigrant from the place of his nativity always
values highly, constitutes an additional induce-
ment against taking out a patent.
■ Who, then, is to pay the State tax ? No genuine
Anglo-Saxon settler will pay it. The blood that
coursed in Hampden's veins, and the spirit that
animated the tea party in Boston harbor, never
did and never will pay a tax of doubtful legality.
By all the memories of the past, and by all the
instincts of the race, the Anglo-Saxon isadeadly
foe to taxation. It is worthy of the careful con-
sideration of the Judiciary Committee,(I am glad
to see that this bill did not come from -the law
advisers of the House,) whether, under the prin-
ciples established in the case of the French spoli-
ation claims-—granting away the rights of our cit-
izens—Or on the principles contended for by those
Who hold that we made ourselves liable for the
debts of Texas, by accepting the sources whence
she derived her revenue, as executor de son tort,
made s« by intermeddling with a dead person's
