1160
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL
[August 4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Jefferson against Douglas—Mr. .Oragin.
Ho. of Reps.
does not this bill "dispose of the public lands?"
And does it make a disposition of them beneficial
to all the United States,North Carolina included?
If so, tell me how North Carolina is to be bene-
fited by it. Point me to the provision, the sec-
tion, or the line of it, from which she is to derive
benefit, either direct or incidental. Do you say
that the citizen of North Carolina may, equally
with others, avail himself of its provisions? I
deny it. You require him to cease to be a citi-
zen of North Carolina, and to become a citizen
of one of the western States or Territories, before
he can avail,himself pf them. His being a citi-
zen of North Carolina, stands in the way of his
receiving the bounty of his Government.. He is
condemned to "outer darkness," to "eternal
woe," where the genial rays of his country's
favor can never reach him, because he is a citizen
of North Carolina and will not consent to leave
her; whilst the subject of some foreign prince,
who has never abjured his allegiance, perhaps
an alien enemy, fresh from battle-fields on which
he has fought against us, may take and hold one
hundred and sixty acres of our land.
Those States in which there is no public land,
not only can derive no benefit from it, but its
obvious effect and purpose are to benefit the
new States at their expense, taking from them
their share of common property, and using it to
bribe away their population.
Having come into the Union on mature delib-
eration, she realized the obligations she assumed
upon herself, and has at all times, in peace and
in war, discharged her duty. She has asked but
little from the Government, and of that little but
a small portion has been granted. Yet she has
never complained that she has not derived from
the Union all the advantages she promised her-
self. Let that State be the first to sunder its
bonds, that can show that it has derived from, the
Union less of good, and more of evil, than has
North Carolina.
Having stood aloof m no spirit of obstinacy or
pride, she came in with no purpose of dictation. !
She demands of you nothing, save that you fulfill ;
the pledges by which the nation's honor became j
her security for her rights, and that you keep j
within the limits of the Constitution. For forty j
years she haR prospered in despite of your hos- j
tile legislation and unauthorized interference with
her interests.
In her name, and in the name of all the States
having a similar interest, I protest against this, !
the most high-handed and ruthless attack yet
made on them by the Government that owes them
protection.
JEFFERSON AGAINST DOUGLAS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. CRAGIN,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In tie House of Representatives,
Jlugvst 4, 1856.
Tbe House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CRAGIN said:
Mr. Chairman: If these were ordinary times
I should be quite content to return to my constit-
uents, at the close of this session, with the simple
record of my votes. But, sir, these are extraordi-
nary times—times when great principles are at
stake—limes that call for words as well as acts.
At such a crisis, when the theory of our Govern-
ment is questioned and denied, when even free
dom of speech is denied in the halls of Con-
gress, the commission of a free and generous
people, which gives me an equal privilege upon
this floor, commands my voice, if for nothing
else, to demonstrate and vindicate their right of
free discussion. My own inclination, as well as
my sense of duty, leads me to the discussion of
the one great question that now occupies the pub-
lic mind. The subject that has entered so largely
into the debates in this Hall for the past six
months will claim my attention while the clock
shall measure the passing hour.
Mr. Chairman, the demands of slavery for ex-
uuision and political power have become so un-
reasonable, persistent, and violent, that no man
who values the welfare of his country, and desires
the perpetuity of the great truths established by
the Revolution can be a silent pr indifferent spec-
tator in the momentous struggle now pending.
The issue that is to decide the future history of
our country, now presses upon us. We are called
to a great responsibility. The rights of the people
are in danger. The same great rights which our
ancestors battled for are threatened and denied.
If these rights were worth half the price paid by
the noble patriots of the Revolution, they are
worth preserving now. God helping us, we will
preserve them, and hand them down to posterity
unimpaired.
I propose to contrast the past with the present,,
and show how far the Government has departed
from the principles and policy of Washington and
Jefferson, on the question of human rights.
When our forefathers reared the magnificent
structure of a free Republic in this western land,
they laid its foundations broad and deep in the
eternal principles of right. Its materials were all
quarried from the mountains of truth; and, as it
rose majestically before an astonished world, it
rejoiced the hearts and hopes of mankind. Ty-
rants only cursed the workmen and their work-
manship. Its architecture was new. It had no
model in Grecian or Roman history. It seemed
a paragon let down from heaven to inspire the
hopes of men, and to demonstrate the favor of
God to the people of a new world.
The builders recognized the rights human
nature as universal. Liberty, the great first right
of man, they claimed for " all men," and claimed
it from " God himself." Upon this foundation,
they erected the temple, and dedicated it to lib-
erty, humanity, justice, and equality. Washing-
ton was crowned its patron saint.
The work completed was the noblest effort of
human wisdom. But it was not perfect. It had
one blemish—a little spot—the black staiji of
slavery. The workmen—the friends of freedom
everywhere—deplored this. They labored long
and prayerfully to remove this,deformity. They
applied all the skill of their art-, but they labored
in vain. Self-interest was too strong for patriot-
ism and the love of liberty. Thework stood still,
and for a time it was doubtful whether the ex-
periment would succeed. The blot must remain,
or the whole must fail. The workmen revarnished
their work, to conceal and cover up the stain.
Slavery was recognized, but not sanctioned.
The word slave, or slavery, must not mar the
Constitution. So great an inconsistency must
not be proclaimed to the world.
All agreed, at that time, that the anomaly
should not increase, and all concurred in the hope
and belief that the blemish would gradually dis-
appear. These noble men looked forward to
the time when slavery would be abolished in this
land of ours. They believed that the principles
of liberty were so dear to the people that they
would not long deny to others what they claimed
for themselves. They never dreamed that slavery
would be extended, out firmly believed it would
be wholly blotted out. I challenge any man to
show me a single patriot of the Revolution who
was in favor of slavery, or who advocated its
extension. So universal was the sentiment of
liberty then, that no man,North or South, could
be fonnd to justify it. Some palliated the evil,
and desired that it might be gradually extin-
guished ; but none contemplated it as a permanent
institution. Liberty was then the national god-
dess, worshiped by all the people. They sang
of liberty, they harangued for liberty, they prayed
for liberty, and they sacrificed for liberty. Slavery
was then hateful. It was denounced by all. The
British king was condemned for foisting it upon
the colonies. Southern men were foremost in
entering their protest against it. It was then
everywhere regarded as an evil, and a crime
against humanity. To prove this, let us appeal
to history.
The following extracts from the proceedings of
the Continental Congress, and of meetings in
southern States prior to the declaration of inde-
pendence, show the feeling of the people in the
early days of the Republic. I quote from the
American Archives, fourth series, volume 1.
" Continental Consbess, Philadelphia, October SO,
1774.
"We do, for ourselves, and the inhabitants of the several
colonies whom we represent, firmly agree and associate,
under the sacred ties of virtue, honor, and love of our
country, as follows:" * * * «    
" 2. That we will neither import nor purchase any slaves
imported after the first day of December next; after which
time we will wholly discontinue the Blave trade, and will
neither Be concerned in it ourselves, nor will we hire our
vessels, nor sell our commodities or manufactures, to those
who are concerned in it."—Page 914.
" 11. That a committee be chosen in every county, city,
and town, by those who are qualified to vote for Represent-
atives in the Legislature, whose business it shall be atten-
tively to observe the conduct of all persons touching thia
association j and. when it shall be made to appear, to the
satisfaction of a majority of any such committee, that any
person within the limits of their appointmeut has violated
this association, that such majority do forthwith cause the
truth of the case to be published in ,the (Saseue, to the end
that all such foes to tbe rights of British America may bo
publicly known, and universdlly contemned as the enemies
of American liberty; and thenceforth we respectively will
break off all dealings with htm or her."—Page 915.
" 14. And we do further agree and resolve, that we will
have no trade, commerce,dealings, or intercourse whatso-
ever, with any colony or province in North America wliich
shall not aceede to, or which shall hereafter violate this
association, but will hold them as unworthy of the rights
of freemen, and as inimical to the liberties of this country."
***********
"The foregoing association being determined upon by
the Congress, was ordered to be subscribed by the several
memliers. thereof; and thereupon we have hereunto set
our respective names accordingly.
" In Conqress, Philadelphia, October SO, 1774.
« Peyton Randolph, president.
" New Hampshire—John Sullivan, Nathaniel Folsom.
" Massachusetts Say—Thomas Cushing, Samuel Adartis,
John Adams, Robert Treat Payne.
f Rhode Island.—Stephen Hopkins, Samuel Ward.
" Connecticut.—Eliphalet Dyer, Roger Sherman, Silas
Deane.
" New York—Isaac Low, John Alsop, John Jay, James
Duane, Philip Livingston, William Floyd, Henry Wisaer,
Simon Boerum. • -
" New Jersey.^-Junes Kiney, William.- Livingston, Ste-
phen Crane, Richard Smith, John De Hart.
"Pennsylvania. — Joseph Galloway, John Dickinson,
Charles Humphreys, Thomas Mifflin, Edward Hiddle, John
Morton, Gecni*e Ross.
" The Lower Counties, Newcastle, tfc.—Cssar Rodney,
Thomas McKean, George Read.
" Maryland.—Matthew Tilghman, Thomas Johnson, Jr.
William Paca, Samuel Chase.
" Virginia.—Richard Henry Lee, George Washington,
Patrick Henry, Jr., Richard Bland, Benjamin Harrison,
Edmund PendletOh.
" North Carolina—William Hooper, Joseph Hewes,
Richard Caswell. .
" South Caroline-.—Henry Middleton, Thomas Lynch,
Christopher Gadsden, John Rulledge, Edward Rutledge.
'< Ordered, That this association be committed to the
press, and that one hundred and twenty copies be struek
off."
" Continental Congress, Friday, October 81, 1774.
" The address of the people of Great Britain being brought
in, and the amendments directed being made, the same was
approved, and is as follows:
" To the people of Great Britain, from the delegates ap-
pointed by the several English colonies of New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts Bay, Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Penn
sylvania, the lower counties on Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, to considei
of their grievances in General Congress, at Philadelphia,
September 5th, 1774.
" Friends and Fellow- Citizens: When a nation, led to great
ness by the hand of liberty, and possessed of all the glory
that heroism, munificence, and humanity can bestow, de-
scends to the ungrateftil task of forging chains for her friends
and children; and, instead of giving support to freedom,
turns advocate for slavery and oppression, there is reason to
suspect she has either ceased to be virtuous, or been ex-
tremely negligent in the appointment of her ruJert."—Pages
914 to'917.
This is the language of our forefathers, strug-
gling for liberty. Suppose the people of Kansas
should address this same language to the people
of the United States to-day: with what force and
truth would it come ! Wlio will say it is not ap
plicable—every word of it ?
Darien, Georgia, Resolutions.
" In the Daribn Committee, Thursday, January 12,1775.
" 5. To show the world that we are not influenced by any
contracted or interested motives, but a general philanthropy
for all mankind, of whatever climate, language, or com-
plexion, we hereby declare our disapprobation and abhor-
rence of the unnatural practice of slavery in America, (how-
ever the uncultivated state of our country, or other specious
arguments may plead for it,) a practice founded in injustice
and cruelty, and highly dangerous to our liberties, <as well
as lives,) debating part of our fellow-creatures below men,
and corrupting the virtue and morals of the rest; and is
laying the oasis of that liberty we contend for, (and which
we pray the Almighty to continue to the latest posterity,)
upon a very wrong foundation. We, therefore, resolve at
all times to use our.utmoet endeavors for tbe manumission
of our slaves in this colony, upon the most sate and equi-
table footing for the masters and themselves. rs;< 1136.
I could fill pages with similar extracts, but the
above are all that my limits will allow.
I turn now to the sayings of the immortal
