nea
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
[August 4,
34th Cong**.* 1 st Sess.
Jefferson against Douglas—Mr. Cragin.
Ho. or Reps.
the representatives of the old Confederation, as-
sembled from nearly all the States, revived and
modified the plan, and adopted it with a una-
nimity unparalleled in the history of the Govern-
ment. At that time South Carolina vied with
Massachusetts, and Virginia stood side by side
with New York—all advocating the eternal prin-
ciples of human freedom, and uniting their efforts
to save a future empire from the withering curse
of slavery.
Would to God we could see the like once more!
Would that this great nation could turn its ener-
gies and united voices to the building up an em-
pire, in the central portion of its domain, where
the tread of slavery shallnever blight the soil,
nor degrade the image of God! Would that the
descendants of noble sires cou'ld unite in this noble
and holy mission,as did their fathers of old ! But
the prayer is a vain one. Our southern brethren
turn a deaf ear to these appeals. They have
chosen another god than the God of liberty.
The Moloch of slavery has became beautiful
and lovely to them, and they are seeking to extend
bis dominions. They have even converted the
children of light; ana, in their kneading-trough,
have transformed many of them in dough.
The ordinance was reported on the 11th of
July, 1787. The committee which reported it
consisted of Messrs. Carrington and R. H. Lee,
of Virginia; Kean, of South Carolina; Dane, of
Massachusetts;and Smith, of New York. The
sixth section of the ordinance is in these words:
" There shall be neither slavery not involuntary servi-
tude in the said Territory, otherwise than in the punish-
ment of crimes whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed: Provided alioays, That any person escaping into
the same, from whom labor or service is lawfully claimed
in any one of the original States, such fugitive may be law-
fully reclaimed and conveyed to the person claiming his or
her labor or service as aforesaid."
The ordinance was passed on the 13th of July.
The Journal of Congress thus recites its passage:
" According to order, the ordinance for the government
of the territory of the United States northwest t>f the river
Ohio, was read a third time, and passed, as follows:
Massachusetts—Bolton  ay.
Dane ay.
New York—Smith ay.
Waring , ay.
Yates     no.
New Jene y—Clarke   ay.
Scheurman  ........ay.
Delaware—Kearney .....ay.
Mitchell ay.
Virginia—Grayson ay.
K. H. Lee....  ay.
Carrington ay.
North Carolina—Blount     ay.
Hawkins ay.
Booth Carolina—Kean     ay.
Huger   .......ay.
Georgia—Few ay.
Pierce ay."
Every State represented voted in the affirma-
tive—every southern man voted for it; while but
one single, delegate from the North, (Mr. Yates,
of New York,) voted against it-
Thus was this great measure of freedom car-
ried. No southern rights were invaded then.
The statesmen of that day thought only of doing
their duty to their country and to posterity. The
idea of property in man had not perverted their
judgment. They rejected that guilty fantasy.
This early policy of restricting slavery was
adopted two years before the adoption of the
Constitution, but at the exact time when that in-
strument wasbeingframed. The convention that
formed the Constitution and the Continental Con-
gress that passed the ordinance were both in ses-
sion at the same time—Sne in New York and the
other in Philadelphia—and there is no doubt there
was a full understanding on this subject. The
clause in the Constitution giving Congress " power
to make all needful rules ana regulations " re-
specting the Territories, &c., must have been sug-
gested by the ordinance,and designed to sanction
and approve it.
This view is confirmed by the fact that the first
Congress under the Constitution, in which were
Madison and other members of the constitutional
convention, passed an act confirming and redact-
ing the ordinance. The adoption of the Constitu-
tion rendered some changes necessary, such as
the appointment of officers for the Territory, &c.
The preamble of this act of Congress recites,
that" it is necessary certain provisions should be
made," Ac., in order that the ordinance u may
continue to have flill effect.'' This act was signed
by President Washington, who was also presi-
dent of the constitutional convention.
1 am willing to rest the constitutional power of
Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territories
on this action of Congress, sanctioned as it was •
by Madison atid Washington.
_ From this tirtie down to 1850 Congress exer-
cised exclusive legislative control over the Terri-
tories prohibiting slavery in every case where it
had no existence at the time, arid regulating it in
cases where it existed. If I had time, I would
refer particularly to the acts of Congress estab-
lishing territorial governments, and show how
1 uniformly slavery was prohibited in every free
Territory. Such iffas the case in Michigan and
Illinois, by acts jpassed under Mr. Jefferson's
administration. Such was the case in Indiana,
Wisconsin, Iowa, and Oregon.
In the great contest in 1820, which resulted in
the Missouri compromise, the same principle
was reaffirmed. Missouri was admitted as a
| slave State, on condition that the residue of the
territory north of 36° 30' should be forever free,
j A majority of the southern members, in both
| branches of Congress, voted for slavery prohibi-
; tion in this case. The Senate was equally divided
I between the North and the South. Out of twenty-
J two members from the South, fourteen voted for
the restriction and eight against it; and of the
| northern Senators, twenty voted for it and two
' against it.
Of seventy-six Representatives from slavehold-
ing States who voted on the question of restrict,
j tion, thirty-rline voted for it and thirty-seven
I against it. Of the Representatives from the free
States, ninety-five voted for it and only five
against it.
On the passage of the bill, as amended with
the restriction, ft1 Very large majority of the north-
ern members voted against it. They were'in favor
of the restriction, brut opposed to the admission
of Missouri as a slave State. A very large ma- ,
jority of the southern members voted for it, on
its passage—all the Senators except two; and all
the Representatives except thirty-seven.
Thus was this measure passed. It was a tri-
umph for the South. They gained the point they
were then contending for, viz: the admission of
Missouri ai a Blave St&te.
Writing of this restriction or compromise,
Charles Pinckney, of South Carolina, under the
date of March 2, 1820, said:
"We have carried the question to admit Missouri and all
Louisiana po the southward of 36° 30', free of the restriction
of slavery, and give the South, in a short time, an addition
of six, ana perhaps eight members to the Semite of the United
States. It is considered here, by the slaveholding States,
as a f.reat triumph. The votes were close—ninety to eighty^
six, (the VjDtes were so first declared)—produced by the
seceding and absence of a few moderate men from the
North. To the north of 36° 30' there is to be, by the pres-
ent law, restriction, which you will see by the-votes I voted
against; but it is, at present, of no moment. It is a vast
tract, uninhabited, only by savages and wild beasts, in
which not a foot of the Indian claim to the soil is extin-
S is lied, and in which, according to the ideas prevalent, no
id office will be open for agreat length of time."
It was generally regarded as a southern victory.
The North was put off with a prospective con-
sideration. The " uninhabited tract" was then
regarded of little Value. After enjoying all the
benefits of Missouri and Arkansas as slave States,
more than thirty years, and when a " land office"
was about to De opened in freedom's " tract,"
the South all at once discovered that there was
great wrong in the bargain; that it was uncon-
stitutional, and unjust to them. They do not
propose to give up what they obtained in 1820;
but they coolly say to the North, " we will retain
our portion of the Territory, and take that which
belongs to you."
Gentlemen should remember that some things
are constitutional which are not for their peculiar
interests. It has always seemed to me that the
South were very much disposed to call everything
unconstitutional that in any way interfered with
the interests of slavery.
There were no doubts of the constitutionality
of the Missouri restriction when it passed. When
this subject was under discussion in 1820, Mr.
Taylor, a distinguished member of Congress
II from New York, remarked in the debate, " that
he knew of bo one 'who doubted the constitutional
power of Congress to make prohibition."
Before signing the bill, President Monroe took
the opinion, of his Cabinet as to its constitutional-
ity. It is well known that John C. Calhoun,
John d. Adams, and William Wirt, were mem-
bers of the Cabinet. 1 present the following facts
upon this point:
(From Mr. Monroe's manuscripts.) A paper
indorsed ,<l Interrogatories, Missouri, March 4,
1820. To the Heads of Departments and Attor-
ney General."—Questions on opposite page:
" Pas Congress a eight, under the power vested in it by
the Constitution, to make a regulation prohibiting slavery
in a Territory ?
" Is the eighth section of the act whfch passed both
Houses on the 3d.instant, for the admission of Missouri
into the Union,consistent With the Constitution?"
With the above is the original draught of a
letter, in the handwriting of President Monroe.
It is not addressed to any one, but is supposed to
have been written to General J ackson. The letter
is as follows:
" Dear Sir : The question which lately agitated Congress
and the public lias been settled, as you may have seen, by
the passage of an act fbr the admission of Missouri as a
State, unrestrained, and Arkansas, li kewise, #hen it reaches
maturity, and the establishment of 36° 30' north latitude as a
line, north;of which slavery is prohibited and pretermitted to
the South. I took the opinion, in writing, of the Admin-
istration as to the constitutionality of restraining Territories,
and the vote of every member was unanimous, and * which
was explicit in fhvor of it, and as it was that the eighth sec-
tion of the act was applicable to Territories only, and not
to States, when they should be admitted into the Union.
On this latter point I had at first some doubt; but the opin-
iqns of others, whose opinions Were entitled to weight with
me, supported by the sense in which it was viewed by all
who voted on the subject in Congress, as will appear by the
Journals, satisfied me respecting it."
I will Mow give the evidence of a distinguished
member of the Cabinet:
" March 3,1800.—When I came this day to my office, I
found there a note requesting me to call at one o'clock at
the President's house. It was then one, and I immediately
went over. He expected that the two bills, for the admis-.
sfon of Maine, and to enable Missouri to make a constitu -
tion, would haVe been brought to him for his signature, and
he had summoned all the members of the Administration,
to ask their opinions, in writing, to be deposited in the de-
partment of State, upon two questions : 1. Whether Con-
gress has a constitutional right to prohibit slavery in a Ter-
ritory ? And 9. Whether the eighth section- of the Missouri
bill (Which interdicts slavery forever in the Territory north
of thirty-six and a half latitude) was applicable only to the
territorial state, or would extend to it after it should be-
come a State ? As to the first question, it was dnant-
MODHf.V agreed that Congress have the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories."—Extracts from Me Diary of J.
Q. Mams.
Them, being some division of opinion in regard to
the second question, Mr. Adams contending that
it would apply to a State, and the other members.
holding differently, the second question was mod-
ified so .as to receive the unanimous approval of
the Cabinet. This will appear from the follow-
ing extracts from the Diary of Mr. Adams:
" March 5.—The President sent me yesterday the two
questions, in writing, upon which he desired to have an-
swers in writing, to be deposited in the Department of
State. He wrote me it would be in time if he should have
the answers to-morrow. The first question is in general
terms, as it was stated to the meeting on Friday. The
second was modified to an inquiry whether the eighth sec-
tion of the Missouri bill is consistent with the Constitution ?
To this I can without hesitation answer by a simple affirm-
ative ; and so, after some reflection, I concluded to answer
both. *   * * * *
" March 6." * *   « I took to the President my an-
swers to his two constitutional questions, and he desired me
to have them deposited in the Department, together with
those of the other members of the Administration. They
differed only as they assigned their reasons for thinking the
eighth section of the Missouri bill consistent with the Con-
stitution, because they considered it as only applying to
the territorial term, and I barely gave my opinion, without
assigning for it any explanatory reason. The President
signed the Missouri bill this morning.'''
Comment upon these extracts is unnecessary.
There was no doubting the constitutional power
to prohibit slavery then. Even Mr. Calhoun
affirmed it. The invention is of later date and by
smaller minds.
To show the importance attached to the Mis-
souri compromise at the time it passed, and Jts
sacred character, I quote from Niles's Register,
Sublished in a slaveholding State, under date of
larch 11, 1820, as follows:
" There is no hardship in this; the Territories belong to
the United States, and the Government may rightfully pre-
scribe the terms on which it will dispose of the public lands.
" This great point was agreed to in the Senate, thirty-
•The word* in italics are erased in the draught.
