1856.]
AmSNDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Ii8g-
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Jefferson against Douglas—Mr. Crasrin.
Ho. oV Reps.
three votes to eleven: and In the House of Representatives,
by one hundred and thirty four to fonytwo, or really by one
hundred and thirty-nine to thirty-seven; and we trust that
it u determined ' forever,' in respect to the countries now
(abject to the legislation of the General Government. It is
true, the compromise is supported only by the letter of a law
repeal able by the authority which enacted it; tmtthedr
nmtimcesof the case tiec to UtiiUrw a moral force enuil to
thai •/ m postfix* provision of the Constitution ; and we do
not hazard anything in saying that the Contitntion exists in
ih riarwute- Bout parties have sacrificed much to con-
ciliation. We rish Usee the compact kept in toed faith,
and trast that a kind Providence will open the way to re-
lieve as of an evil which every good citizen deprecatcs as
the supreme curse of this country."
For more than thirty years the compact stood!
The Constitution itself was not more sacred!
Men of all parties, and from all sections, acqui-
esced in its provisions, and admired the wisdom
of those noble men who formed it. I verily be-
lieve, that ten years ago, a Representative of the
American people would have sooner set fire to
this Capitol, than he would have voted to abro-
gate this covenant of peace. Even the Senator
from Illinois, seven years ago, chanted its praises.
In speaking of this compromise at Springfield,
Illinois, in 1849, Mr. Douglas is reported to
have said:
"The Missouri compromise had then been in practical
attention for about a quarter of a century, and bad received
the sanction and approbation of men of all parties, in every :
section of the Union. It had allayed all sectional jeal-
ousies and irritations growing out of this vexed question,
tad harmonized and tranquillized the whole country. It ,
bad given to Henry Clay, as its prominent champion, the 1
pood soubriquet of the' Great Pacificator,' and by that title,
and for that service, his political friends had repeatedly
appealed to the people to rally under his standard as a
presidential candidate, as the man who had exhibited the
patriotism and the power to suppress an unholy and trea-
sonable agitation, and preserve the Union. He was not
aware that any man, or aay patty, from any section of the
Onion, bad ever urged as « objectitm to Mr. Clay that he
was the great champion of the Missouri compromise. On
the coatraiy, the effort was made by the opponents of Mr.
Clay to prove that be was not entitled to the exclusive
■ait of that great patriotic measure, and that the honor
was equally due toothers as well as to him, for securing its
adoption—Mat it had its origin in the heartsof all patriotic
mm eta desired to preserve and perpetuate the Messing* of
am glorious Oman • an origin akinto that of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, conceived i> the same spirit of
fraternal affection, and calculated to remove forever the
oaty danger which seemed to threaten, at some distant day,
to sever the social bond of onion. JIU the evidences of psih--
He opinio* et that day seemed to indicate that this cotajxro-
mise had become canonized in the hearts of the American
people, as a sacred thing, which no ruthless hand would ever
he reckless enough to disturb."
The deed is done 1 The compromise that was
" canonized in the hearts of the American peo-
ple," has been broken ! The South has not kept
faith with the North ! In an evil hour, the am-
bition of" reckless "and selfish men tempted her! !
Site upheld the " ruthless hand" that smote the
compact, and disturbed the peace of the Union.
She has some excuse—the prize of more slave
States was too much for her patriotism. But
what shall we say of the man whose " ruthless
band" was uplifted for this work of destruction?
Words fail me! History will give him a page.
The record wfll not vary much from that of
another man, who sought to betray and sacrifice
his country when liberty was in its birth-strug-
gle.
The country knows how wantonly this work
was dohe. It knows the actors. It knows how
an Administration—calling itself Democratic—
lent all its powers of patronage and corruption to
seduce the venal men of the North, and push on
the work. Deaf to the prayers of the people, it
was intent only on its own selfish and personal
aggrandizement. The chief man in this great
conspiracy has his reward. After sanctioning
and approving all the outrages in Kansas for the
sake of a renominate on, he went to Cincinnati to
claim the reward of fidelity to the Slave power.
He was denied even a complimentary vote, and
was carried off the field by only three faithful fol-
lowers—not one of them from the South. I say
nothing of southern ingratitude iii this case. The
funeral is none of ours. Let those who mourn
his " taking off" settle the account. I thank God,
however, tnat the present occupant of the White
House will have but one more opportunity in his
annual message to insult and belie the free, in-
telligent, and liberty-loving people of the free
States.
The country knows why this work was done.
It was for the benefit of slavery. The Miss6_uri
restriction was repealed for thejpurpose of making
more slave States, and for nothing else. This
was not the avowed purpose; but any man with
half an eye could see that it was the real purpose.
If there was any doubt, when the Kansas and
Nebraska bill passed, that this was the object,
subsequent events in Kansas must have removed
all doubt.
The courttiry knows who did this work. It was
the party called Democratic. Yes, sir, the Dem-
ocratic party is responsible for the repeal of the
Missouri compromise—responsible for the strife
and discord that now prevail in this land, as a
consequence of that repeal. That party is re-
sponsible for all the outrages in Kansas. The
murder of innpeent American citizens —the
wanton and cruel treatment of women and chil-
dren—the burning of towns—the plunder of prop-
erty—the destruction of printing-presses—the
seizing of ballot-boxes by ruffian invaders, and
all the fraud and violence practiced in that Terri-
tory—are the result of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and chargeable to the Democratic
party.
The country knows, also, that the Democratic
party now stands upon this measure, and makes
it the test of party orthodoxy. . No man, who re-
fuses to sanction the Nebraska bill, can hold any
place in the party. Every man must now sub-
scribe to the slavery extending policy of the party,
or be " read out." He may be sound on all the
old principles of the party, but, if he falters on
this slavery plank, he is declared spurious, and
must lose his standing in the party. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barksdalk,] in a
recent speech upon this flOo?, said: " The De-
mocracy tolerate no man who is not sound on the
slavery question." We all know what is meant
by being " sound" on the slavery question. To
question the right of slavery to extend itself into
new Territories is unsound. To deny the right
of slaveholders to carry their slaves from the
States into the common Territories, and, there
hold, sell, and Use them, is to violate the Dem-
ocratic creed.
This is the issue, the only issue, of the Dem-
ocratic party at this time. The platform was
built expressly to sustain this one idea. It has
not a single northern plank in it. Buchanan
stands squarely upon this single plank; or, rather,
he is absorbed in it, having lost his personal
identity. All who support him must adopt the
extension creed, and swear that slavery is right,
—a God-appointed institution.
The following extract from the Richmond En-
quirer, the organ of Governor Wise, and the
great mouthpiece of the southern Democracy,
proves what I say:
" The Trde Issue.—The Democracy of the South in the
present canvass cannot rely on the old grounds of defense
and excuse for slavery; for they seek not merely to retain it
where it is, but to extend.it into regions where it is unknown.
Much less can they rely oh the mere constituuooal guar-
antees of slavery, for such reliance is pregnant with the
admission that slavery is wrong, and, but for the Constitu-
tion, should be abolished. This constitutional argument
for slavery), standing alone, fully justifies the Abolitionists.
" Nor will it avail us aught to show that the negro is most
happy and best situated in the condition of slavery. If we
stop there, we weaken oar cause by the very argument in-
tended to advance it; for we propose to introduce into new
territory human beings whom we assert to be unfit for lib-
erty, self-government, and equal association with other
men. We must go a step further. We must show that
African slavery is a moral, religious, natural, and probably,
in the general, a necessary institution of society. This is
the ohlv line of argument that will enable southern Dem-
ocrats to maintain the doctrines of State equality and
slavery extension.
" For if slavery be not a legitimate, useful, moral, and
expedient institution, we cannot, without reproof of con-
science and the blush of shame, seek to extend it, or assert
our equality with those States having no such institution.
" Northern Democrats need not go thus far. They do not
seek to extend slavery, but only agree to its extension, as a
matter of rigfU on our Pgrt- They may prefer tfr.eir own
social system to ours. Biit, while they may prefer their
own social system, they will have to admit in this canvass
that ours is ainorightful and legitimate, and sanctioned alike1
by the opinions and usages of mankind, and by the authority
and express injunctions of Scripture. Tiey cannot consist-
ently mamtain that slavery is immoral, inexpedient, and
profane. ana yet continue to submit to its extension.''
I ask you. Mr. Chairman, and 1 ask the people
of the free States, to mark this extract. I call
attention to its concluding words. The people of
the free States must " agree to the extension of
slavery as a matter of right on the part of the
South;" and, while they may prefer free institu-
tions, they must "admit in this canvass" that
slavery is right " by thfe opinions and usages of
mankind, and by the authority and. express injunc-
tions of Scripture." Here M the issue! Here is
the platform! Governor Wise ittdorses it, and,
speaking of the candidate, says:
" Buchanan has been especially faithful oq the subject of
slavery. I undertake to say that not only no man North,
but no man South, can show a better record than that of
James Buchanan on that vexed and dangerous question."
Wise tells us, if Buchanan is elected, Kansas
is sure to be a slave State. I have no doubt he
is right. For one, in that event, I shall regard
the question as settled. To make Kansas a slave
State, and administer upon the political estates of
Pierce and Douglas, is all that is expected of
Buchanan if he is elected. Buchanan agrees with
Pierce and Douglas, and stands upon the plat-
form that they have made. Douglas says:
" Buchanan and myself have for several years back, ever
since I came into public life, held the tame position on the
slavery question from beginning to end."
Now hear what Buchanan says:
" I have been placed on a platform of which I heartily ap-
prove, and I must square my conduct by that platform."
Then comes the victimized Franklin Pierce:
" T congratulate yon that your choice has fallen on a man
who stands on the identical platform that I occupy, and that
he will take the same, with the standard lowered never an
inch!"
Such is Democracy in the year 1856. The party
has become the ally of slavery—the supporter of
the worst aristocracy that ever cursed the earth.
It has repudiated its old principles. It no longer
follows Washington and Jefferson. It now swears
by Calhoun ana Douglas.
In the eyes of those who contrdl and govern
the party, slavery is no longer an evil—no longer
a curse to the State, and a crime against God and
man; but it is right—sanctioned and approved
by God, and a blessing to mankind. The slave
is no longer a man, but simply " property"—fit
only for labor, and no better than a horse or a
mule. And I am sorry to say, sir, that the doc-
trine is fast gaimng ground at the South, that all
who labor are fit only to be slaves. The great
doctrine of equality of rights among all men, as
advocated , by Jefferson, scarcely finds a believer
in the South.
If the Declaration of Independence was to be
readopted to-day; how many men on the other
side of the Hall, how many of the leading spirits
of the Democratic party, would vote for its great
central Democratic truth, " that all men are cre-
ated free and equal?" I fear the number would
be small. To accord with the present notions of
southern men and Democratic leaders, the Decla-
ration of Independence should be amended so as
to raid: "AH free white men, and especially
slaveholders and those who can live without
labor, are created free and equal."
In speaking of the trial, in this city, for the
killing of Keating, a laborer at Willard's hotel,
the Charleston (South Carolina) Standard says:
" If white trifen accept (he offices of menials, it shoald be
expected that they will do so with an apprehension of theh
relation to society, and the disposition quietly to encounter
both the responsibilities and liabilities which the relation
The "relation"of "menials"tosociety, "im-
poses" submission to insults from "gentlemen."
The same authority says:
"It is getting time that hotel waiters at the North were
convinced that they are servants, and not 'gentlemen' in
disguise. We hope that this Herbert affair will teach tliem
prudence."
Northern laborers should take notice! They
must be " convinced that they are servants, and
not gentlemen in disguise."
This language of feudalism and aristocracy has
a strange sound to ine. Born and bred to toil, I
have learned to look upon labor as honorable. I
am a northern laborer! Many a time have I
moistened the soil with the sweat of my brow;
and in the workshop I have paid my devotions.
Before I look upon labor as degrading, I must
despise thy father and mother—I must forget my
origin, and all the past years of my life. _ This I
cann6t do. But one thing I can do: I will never
cease to despise and abhor an institution that first
enslaves, degrades, and chattelizes man, then
teaches the doctrine that labor is degrading and
unworthy a gentleman. I would ratner have the
honest heart, the peace of mind, and the hope of
