1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
was to show that in the origin*] compact between
these States, the North had the worst of the bar-
gain by tolerating any representation to the South
based on its slave population, and that the North
ought not to stand by the bargain. I ask that
gentleman and those who entertain such views,
and present them continually from day to day,
if they are disposed to follow out the conclusions
and consequences of their arguments ? If so, the
day will come when this bond of Union which
has united us so long, will cease longer to exist.
If such is not their purpose, is it not worse than
idle—nay, is it not mischievous—that they should
continually attempt to produce discord and disaf-
fection, by harping upon imaginary grievances,
they hare intention to redress in the only
methods by which it may be done, viz : by an
amendment of the Constitution in this regard—or
by a dissolution of the bonds that bind us together
as one people.
I will not undertake, Mr. Chairman, to discuss
the question of slavery. There is much to be
said upon that subject, but it is my purpose now
to abridge, in the smallest possible space, what
I have to say. I will say this, however, that the
North ought to be careful—ought to be tender-
ought to be respectful, even upon the basis of
their own action, and their own past history, in
regard to this slavery question. Say what you
will in regard to it, who does not know that it
was by the vote of the North that the continu-
ance of the slave trade was, by your Constitution,
extended from the year 1800, when the South
insisted it should cease, to 1808, to which the
North successfully urged it should be extended?
And within that eight years, it is estimated that
some hundred thousand slaves were brought to
this country, mainly, if not altogether, in north-
ern ships, under that modification of our consti-
tutional compact, made at the instance of northern
capitalists and merchants, and carried in the con-
vention that formed our Constitution by northern
votes. The necessary consequence of that is,
that the increase from that number of slaves,
amounting to some four or five hundred thou-
sand, now wear those "galling bonds of slavery"
which they seem so much to deplore.
I do not say this for the purpose of bringing
up any " railing accusation" against the North.
I say it to you, northern gentlemen, that you
may yourselves reflect upon the attitude which
you yourselves maintain and occupy upon this
question—that you may understand that there
have been changes which have come over the
spirit of your dreams, even in reference to this
question of slavery; and that it isa fact reoo«ded
against you is earth, and in heaven, that in the
convention for forming the Constitution of the
United States, in 1787, the New England States
voted unanimously to withhold from Congress
the power to abolish the African slave trade until
1808, although, by uniting with Virginia, Penn-
sylvania, Delaware, &c., they might have abol-
ished it in 1800.
I have said, sir, I would notdiscussrthe slavery
question, but I cannot forbear to declare my opin-
ions based upon some observation—that the Af-
rican man upon the whole face of God's broad
globe occupies upon no part of it so favorable a
position morally, socially, and physically, as he
does in the slave States of this Union. If there
be a spot upon the earth which compares with it,
it is Liberia. There he has many advantages—
and I would they were greater; for I declare my-
self here a decided advocate of colonization under
proper circumstances—yet I say that the social
comfort and condition of the African man in Li-
beria, according to my information and belief, in
the aggregate, with some particular exceptions,
is not equal to what 1 believe it to be here within
these United States, in the slave States. I say,
furthermore, that if you will contract the condi-
tion of the Kentucky slave with the liberated
bl&ek man in the northern States of these United
8tate«, you will find the same contrast in favor of
the former.
I go further than this: I recognize fully, and
do all justice to the fact, that the white laboring
classes of the northern States are, in many
instances, worthy and estimable people. I have
passed among them in nearly every one of the
northern States; I Jiayf conversed with their
husbandmen and mechanics; I know them to be,
in many instances, respectable, trustworthy, and
independent. Yet further than this I have ex-
plored the depths of northern society; and I
declare here, on the floor of Congress, that I never
saw so much moral and social degradation among
our slaves as I have seen in your large cities of
the North, among large classes of white people,
who dwell in cellars and in garrets, in the heart |
of your cities. I have never seen anything tike '
it in the condition of slaves. I cannot say less, i
I will not say more, on the subject. I say this
much for the purpose of appealing to those who
are constantly interfering with our institutions to
pause, and see the folly of their supposed philan-
thropy. You are mistaken in it. Sir, I do not
know any greater or more fatal injury that you
could inflict on the negro than to strike, as you
are pleased to call it," the shackles off the slave." ,
There is a problem which a distinguished gentle-
man on this floor [Mr. Banks] supposed, at one
time, was not settled; but, sir, I think it is settled
in regard to this question; and that problem is,
as to the stronger race trampling down the weaker. ,
It has been so; it will be so; it must be so. And ;
wherever nature and God have marked a difference
of race, and have manifested the inferiority of the
one, you cannot establish anything like equality .
between them whilst living on the same soil. Jt
cannot be; itmust not be. Ihave seen it attempted
often; I have seen the negro educated; I have seen
him gifted with fortune, blessed with affluence,
and elevated by education beyond many thou-
sands of whit%people who surrounded him, and
after a few years I have seen him again relapse
into his natural condition of settled inferiority*
and social, pecuniary, and moral degradation. ■
So long, then, as these relations exist, so long
as the line of demarkation fixed by the Almighty
between the different classes of the human family
exists, you. must make corresponding discrimina-
tions in. your social organizations.
1 said it was not my purpose to discuss the sla-
very question. It is not; and I am almost in-
clined to ask pardon for having devoted so much
time to it. I will, however, allude to oae other
point. I am not prepared to admit that any one
of our northern States has relieved itself of what
they now characterize the incubus of slavery from
any principle of humanity. If the thing was done,
it was done under the influence of self-interest.
So it will generally be found, and sq it has always
been; and whenever slavery ceaaeetO be a matter
of interest, then, in all human probability1, ami
not tiU then, will the United States be relieved of
it. I have aometimee thought, sir—I think now,
however inscrutable it may be to us—that, per-
haps, one of the wisest dispensations of Provi-
dence is to be found in the fact, that some of the
African race were placed here under the benign
influence of Christianity, and the elevating tend-
encies of Anglo-Saxon civilization, whence pos-
sibly, in some day, they may contribute to trans-
fer these exalted blessings to Christianize and
civilize benighted Africa..
There is another view of this subject which'I
desire to present. I state, as a matter of positive
history and of actual fact, now obtaining at this
present moment, that the North is now deriving
as much pecuniary benefit, day by day, and hour
by hour, from the proceeds and profits of slave
labor,.as the South is.; I have statistics by which
this proposition can be established. We cannot
war against the great fundamental conditions of
Gad and man which are established, and in sub-
ordination to which we have our being. We all
know that in large portions of the United States,
and in many portions of the world, there are vast
regions of country where, from physical inherent
properties of the whit#, man's nature, he cannot
work, And we know, furthermore, that from
the physical inherent properties of the African
he is fitted, to work there. What is the result of
that labor? Your cotton, your sugar, your rice,
and your tobacpo crops are the four great elements
of southern productions, supplying the field of
northern labor, from the manufactures, ship-
ments, sales, commissions, &c., on which the
North, as everybody knows, derives « profit as
great, if not greater, than is derived by it from its
own primary production. Why is it, thdn, that I
the North rejoices and exults in these, whilst she I.
is continually decrying the sources and instru-
mentality whence they spring?
I now come to that great question, which seems
more than all other questions to be the particular
nucleus around whicn is clustered all the discus-
sion of the present day: that question is the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. I have no
concealment of any opinion which I entertain in
reference to this subject. I am no candidate for
i office or for popular favor. I seek no promotion
at the hands or man or mortal. I never expect
again to be a candidate for office, and I shall con-
sider this question as all others—as an American
citizen, without regard to any consequences that
may arise, personal alone to myself. I do not
hesitate to say, that the repeal of the Missouri
1 compromise, to a certain extent* in regard to the
Eeace and harmony of the country, may have
een a misfortune. I say, to a certain extent—
; for I should regard it as desirable to have the
peace and harmony which we enjoyed before the
repeal of that act, restored. Yet I have to say,
that that misfortune exists in so far, and in so far
only, in my judgment, that the repeal of the Mia-
! souri compromise has been made a pretext for
; those agitations which are now threatening to
overturn the institutions of the country. But I
do not regard it as a political wrong; and had I
: been here as I was, though not as a representa-
tive of the people, I should have voted for the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. No south-
ern man, in my judgment, could well refuse to
have voted for its repeal. I believe, and I here
state distinctly, that in mf opinion, the princi-
ples embodied in the bill repealing that compro-
mise are the true principles of the Constitution,
and the true policy of the Government, and that
they are the true principles on which our Terri-
tories- are to be settled—that is, to leave the
Territories, when they come to adopt their Con-
stitutions, to settle their domestic institutions
I (including the question of slavery) in their own
i way. That is the principle on which our country
I was settled, when our fathers planted themselves
I at Jamestown, and along the whole extent of the
Atlantic coast. When those settlements were
j made, which have since grown up as by magic,
into great cities, ttnd mighty States, everything
! went on quietly and harmoniously. There was
no such thing as the agitation of slavery; and
why? Because the people, y^ere left to regulate
their eWh institutioiia as they pleased, without
the intermeddling interference of their neighbors.
THe" colonists brought their slaves into the colony
of Massachusetts, as well as Virginia, and all
the other colonies, "and there was no agitation,
crimination or complaint, the one against the
other; each regulating its policy and its morality
! for itself, under the salutary principle, which it
would be well if modern philanthropists would
learn, of minding your own business and letting
your neighbor's alone.
I do not propose to go at length into the argu-
ment as to the constitutionality of the Missouri
compromise; yet I must say, that from the best
consideration I have been able to give the sub-
ject, that compromise was in conflict with the
Constitution. The language of that sacred in-
strument, having relation to the question, is as
follows:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory
and other property belonging to the United States."
The power thus vested in Congress, in regard
to the territory and other property belonging to
the United States, confers no power in Congress
in regard t<> the " territory or other property"
of the citizen; and when Congress undertakes tQ
declare that my slave or my horse shall cease to
be my property, when he crosses a certain geo-
graphical line, it departs from its legitimate func-
tions, in regard to the territory and property of
the United States, and grossly invades my private
and individual rights. The great question as to
what should or should not De property, is not
legitimately the subject of ordinary legislative
action, either State or National. The American
people have ever regarded this question as so
vital and important, that they never intrust it to
any other than to a high constitutional conven-
tion, congregated under tho most solemn sane*-
