18S&J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Affairs—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
history of his country by the wisdom of his coun-
sel or the brilliancy of his arms, has been ele-
vated to the chief office of the country for the
purpose of carrying out sectional purposes. I i
trust it will not be; and yet I trust, if it should be, !
that Heaven will avert from our beloved country |
the evils that seem to be inevitable from so sad an j
event. So much, and so much only, have I now 1
to say in regard to Mr. Fremont. The other can- i
didate whom I shall as briefly notice is the dis- '
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania. That j
Mr. Buchanan is a distinguished man I do not j
hesitate to admit. There is with him upon the ;
Democratic ticket a friend of mine. I will not
imitate the example of one of my colleagues,
when speaking of Mr. Donelson, and use any ,
disparaging remarks of John C. Breckinridge. '
One of my colleagues, [Mr. Elliott,] not now i
present, when speaking of Mr. Donelson, was
pleased to call him " the greasy Tennesseean." j
But who is Mr. Buchanan ? It might seem |
presumptuous that so humble an individual as I
am should undertake to criticise the character of j
a gentleman who has filled so large a space in the
public eye as Mr. Buchanan. But the. peculiar '
advocates and friends of Mr. Buchanan have gone
out of the way, as I think, in criticising the his- !
tory of one 0/ his distinguished competitors, Mr.
Fillmore; and therefore, humble as I am, I will 1
venture to take a brief survey of the history of j
Mr. Buchanan. I deprecate this necessity that j
the friends of Mr. Buchanan have forced upon
me. But I cannot permit them, by their railing j
accusations against Mr. Fillmore, to conceal the :
political deformity and uncleanness of Mr. Buch-
anan. j
The first foot print upon the sands of time that
I have been able to find, left by Mr. Buchanan,
for the special admiration of his Democratic
friends, is an oration delivered by him at Lan-
caster, on the 4th of July, 1815, a day consecrated
to patriotism, but desecrated by him on that oc-
casion to the unmitigated abuse of the original
Democratic party, Mr. Madison, and the war
of 1812, from which I make a single extract which
at once exhibits his abuse of the Democratic .
party, his hostility to the war of 1812, and his j
advocacy of the United States Bank. He said:
" Time will not allow me to enumerate all the other wild
And wicked projects of the Democratic administration. J
Suffice to say that, after they had deprived as of the means
of defense, by destroying our Navy and disbanding our
Army; after they had taken away from us the power of j
recreating them, by ruining commerce, the great source
of our national and individual wealth ; after they had, by j
refusing tlie Bank of tlie United States a continuation of its
charter, and harassing the financial concerns of the Govern- I
ment, and withdrawn the only universal paper medium of |
the country from circulation ; after the people had become |
unaccustomed to, and, without money in the Treasury,
they rashly plunged ill to a war with a nation more able to
do us injury than any other in the world;—what was the
dreadful necessity for this desperate measure? Was our
country invaded ? No. Were our liberties in danger ? No, !
Was it to protect our little remaining commerce from the
injuries sustained by the orders in council ? No. Commerce
was not such a favorite, and the merchants wished for no ,
war on tbat account." |
Here we have the commencement of Mr.
Buchanan's political history. Speaking in rail- ,
road phrase, it was his first station. He was then ,
a Federalist, in the most emphatic meaning of
that word, and I believe some 'have called him a
Hartford Convention Federalist. Nobody, I pre-
sume, will deBy the authenticity of this oration.
If any representative of his State will correct me
in regard to the fact, whether he did or did not
deliver this speech attributed to him, I shall be
glad to receive the correction. If not, I will take
it just as I received it from the public journals;
and I suppose it to be true. No gentlemen hav-
ing denied its genuineness, I shall take it for
granted it is so.
What next, sir? Why, sir, in the county of
Lancaster I next find the distinguished gentle-
man at what would be now called to Abolition
meeting, and proposing Abolition resolutions as
strong as any that even Mr. Giddings, whom I
see before me, would care to do. Then again,
we find that distinguished gentleman standing in
the front rank of pro-slaveryism, as far ahead of
the common file, as Uriah was when placed in
the "fore-front" by David. Here are the reso-
lutions adopted at Lancaster:
" Mr. James BuchauM, of Lancaster, presented the fol-
lowing resolutions:
New Series.—No. 74.
" Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress from
this district be, and they are hereby, most earnestly re-
quested to use their utmost endeavors, as members of the
National Legislature, to prevent the existence of slavery iti
any of the Territories or States which may be erected by
Congress.
" Resolved, That in the opinion of this meeting, the mem-
bers of Congress who at the last session sustained the cause
of justice, humanity, and patriotism, in opposing the intro-
duction of slavery into the State then endeavored to be
formed of the Missouri Territory, are entitled to the warmest
thanks of every friend of humanity."
Mr. JEWETT. I hope, when my colleague
publishes the Lancaster resolutions, which he
says were furnished him by a friend, that he will
incorporate the unqualified denial, in the presence
of his author, by Hon. Mr. Jones, of Pennsyl-
vania, of Mr. Buchanan's connection with Baid
resolutions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will insert them with
the indorsement not only of the gentleman [Mr.
Fuller] to whom I am indebted forthem, but of
others; for I am authorized by other gentlemen
of the Pennsylvania delegation, to give to Mr.
Buchanan the sole and undivided honor which
belongs to the paternity of these resolutions.
This may be set down as the second stage in his
Eolitical travel. In 1847, Mr. Buchanan wrote
is celebrated Berks county letter, in which he
advocated the extension of the Missouri compro-
mise line to the Pacific*ocean, and expressed his
belief that the safety of the Union depended upon
it; and, as if determined to occupy both sides of
every question, he now stands forth before the
country as the chosen leader arid champion of
those who repealed it, declaring that that repeal
must be maintained at every hazard.
From the oration to which I have referred, in
which Mr. Buchanan expressed his bitter and
relentless -opposition to Mr. Madison, and the
war of 1812, one would at least suppose he was
a man of peace and scrupulously regardful of the
rights of other nations. Time and the progress
of events have afforded him an opportunity to
present his chameleon hues to his countrymen
even in this regard. He who prated then so
much against the war waged so nobly by his
countrymen in the assertion of free seas and
sailor's rights, is now in favor of a war with
Old Spain, if necessary, under the filibustering
doctrines of the Ostend conference—the manifesto
of which, it is understood, was prepared by him—
to rob her of Cuba, in the event she will not sell
it on terms the United States may regard as rea-
sonable.
It would seem that these palpable inconsist-
encies were enough 'for the history of any one
man; yet even they are not all in the revolving
scenes that Mr, Buchanan has delighted to fur-
nish. It is affirmed of him, and truthfully, I
believe, that he was an ardent friend of the United
States Bank—and then as ardently against^ it;
that he was at one time an advocate of a high
tariff, and liberal protection to American labor
and productions; at another, of low tariffs and
low wages, till he came to be called, as he per-
haps deserved to be, " Ten-Cent Jimmy."
, I will not trace his summersets further. I will
turn for a moment to a consideration of the po-
sition the so-called Democratic party occupies
on the subject of slavery. I do this because this
party assumes to be singularly harmonious in its
opinions and conservative in its action upon this
question, and claims in the South to be the
especial and peculiar guardians of the slavery in-
terests. Mr. Chairman, let me say to my south-
ern friends, in perfect candor ana honesty, that
this is a cheat and a delusion. Why, sir, the
Free-Soil party of the North owes its paternity
to the Democratic party, and is fed and supplied
from and by it. In 1848, we had no such party,
save a few straggling Abolitionists, such as Gar-
rison, Giddings, & Co. But when Mr. Van Buren
failed in that year to receive the nomination for
the Presidency by the Democratic party at Bal-
timore, he and his friends held another conven-
tion at Buffalo, New York, and then and there
inaugurated the regular " Free-Soil party," the
leading principle of which was declared to be
" opposition to the extension of slavery." Thou-
sands of Democrats followed him;and that same
Martin Van Buren, and his son John, and those
Democrats,standing still on the Buffalo platform,
which they have never repudiated, are now the
earnest supporters and advocates of James Buch-
anan for the Presidency. Mr. Chairman, do you
suppose they do not know what they are about ?
Can you for a moment imagine that the father of
Free-Soilism will give his support to other than
a Free-Soiler ? Why, sir, I do not know a lead-
1 ijig man of the Free-Soil party, who was not and
[ is not a Democrat. Such were Hale, and Wilmot,
and Rantoul,and Chase, and Wade, and Tappan,
and Stuart, and Harlan, and Durkee, and Trum-
bull, and Banks, and Grow, and hundreds of
others I could name. And our southern Demo-
| crats make a pitiable cry that they have been
; destroyed in the North by the Know Nothings,
i j as if they could be devoured, or deprived of the
■ right of suffrage. Why, the Know Nothings
. tried to save them, but they would not be saved
; They rushed pell-mell into the arms of Aboli-
tionism, and lost by their own act, for no one
: could have taken it from them, the political as-
!! cendency and power they possessed at the com-
mencement of the Pierce administration. I will
not go into the causes that led them to do so.
They did it, and the Democratic party at the
! North stands fully abolitionized this day. Yet
I I admit that there are northern gentlemen who
| claim to be Democrats and deny being Abolition-
i ists. I affirm of these, that they are no less Free-
Soilers, in the main, than their fellows. Why,
j sir, who does not know that this class of the
I northern Democracy, standing upon the same
I platform with our southern brethren, have been
the loudestadvocates of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill and the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
because they contended it was a measure of free-
dom, and enabled the North to exclude slavery
j from new States formed south of 3(P 30'. Such
i was the position taken by President Pierce, and
, such was proven, upon the interrogation of my
colleague, [Mr. Cox,] to be the ground generally
maintained by the northern Democracy; and I
i now further and distinctly affirm, that of those
who have steadily cooperated with the Black
Republican party—I use the phrase in no invid-
ious sense—twenty-five were elected as Demo-
crats, and twenty-two of them voted for Mr.
Banks. It is therefore both melancholy and lu-
dicrous to hear southern Democrats boasting of
their northern allies. They keep with them " the
word" o{ promise to the ear, but break it to the
hope."
I turn now, Mr. Chairman, "from these muddy
waters fb a purer spring." I come to say a few
words in regard to Millard Fillmore, the National
American candidate for the Presidency. It is one
of the saddest contemplations in regard to human
action that no degree of personal or political pu-
rity, of-self-sacrificing devotion, and lofty virtue
can entirely relieve man from the detraction of
! his fellow. High and bright as has been Mr.
Fillmore's political career, he unfortunately is not
I an exception to this general rule; and I have to
regret that one of my colleagues, for whom I en-
; tertain the kindest regard, Mr. Burnett, has
! drawn up a regular bill of indictment against him,
j in which he is pleased to charge upon him as
| crimes, what, if properly understood, will be re-
garded by the American people as virtues. His
first accusation against him, I believe, is, that he ,
voted for the reception and reference of Abolition
■ petitions; from which my colleague seems to infer
he was necessarily in favor of everything these
petitions contained; and by this evidence, and
none better, he charges him with being in favor
' of the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the District of Columbia; the abolition of the
inter-State slave trade; the non-admission of
slave States, and I know not how many other po-
litical enormities. With great kindness, I say to
my colleague, his argument is unworthy of his
own good fame, and I wonder if my colleague
would be willing to be measured by this rule he
metes out to others, of being politically responsi-
ble, as the advocate of every proposition con-
tained in a petition he might be ealled as a Repre-
sentative to present. Does not my colleague
; know, that some years ago there was a great
question in Congress, as to the presentation and
reception of these Abolition memorials, one party
claiming that, however opposed they might be to
the prayer of a petitioner, it was incident to the
great right of petition, secured by the Constitu-
