1896.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Reps.
rights were respected, but a blessing now, when
a universal .disregard of the rights of humanity
pervades the ranks of the so-called Democracy.
I have a beautiful quotation from a sermon
preached by the Rev. John J. Zubly, D.O., of
f Savannah, Georgia, on the 4th day of July, 1775.
" The law of liberty"—this was his subject:
" That government and tyranny are the hereditary right
of some, and that slavery and oppression are the original
doom of others, is a doctrine that would reflect dishonor
upon God. It is treason against all mankind."—.American
jlrckivety 4th series, vol. 3, p. 1545.
These are the words of a southern statesman and
Christian in the days of primitive Democracy, and
pure and undefiled Christianity. Here let northern
men—northern Democrats—learn a lesson of pa-
. triotism and Christianity. Here, too, let south-
ern men hesitate and reflect upon the words of
their glorious predecessors, and imitate their
patriotic example, by raising their voices against
the extension of an institution denounced and
repudiated by them as " infamous," and reflect- j
ing " dishonor upon God,"and " treason against
all mankind."
Now, sir, we find degenerate Georgians upon
this floor, who have abandoned the true faith of
their fathers upon this question, not only eulo-
gizing slavery as a great blessing, but are quoting
Scripture, and endeavoring to torture it into
a favorable construction in support of this de-
nounced and repudiated institution. Those gen-
tlemen, in the language of Dr. Zubly, are heaping
" dishonor upon God," and are guilty of " trea-
son against all mankind." And yet, sir, these
gentlemen claim to be " the real Simon pure De-
mocracy."
These doctrines, measures, and principles of
Washington, Jefferson, and Dr. Zqbly, were in-
dorsed by the people of New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut,New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, as
appears from the action of the First Continental
Congress, assembled in Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, September 5, 1774. In that Congress,
we find such patriots as George Washington,
John Adams, Roger Sherman, Patrick Henry,
John Jay, Philip Livingston, Benjamin Harrison,
Richard Henry Lee, and a host of like spirits.
These names are immortal in memory, and will
live forever in American history.
When such men, surrounded with a halo of
glory, denounce an institution as " wicked, cruel,
and unnatural," who will defend it? When such
men declare an institution " dangerous to virtue
and the welfare of the country," who will sanction
it? When such statesmen and sages brand as
"infamous" an institution, who will defend, sus-
tain,or maintain it? These are questions, sir, to
which I will not claim a response from gentlemen
now representing the slave States, to be publicly
made; but 1 demand of them that each propound
them to his own heart, secretly, quietly, and un-
reservedly, as a man, and then speak boldly the
honest response of a pure heart, and this nation
will be able to present such a galaxy of faithful
anti-slavery men as has never yet been seen.
On the 12th day of January, 1775, the repre-
sentatives of the district of Darien, Georgia,
adopted the following preamble and resolution:
" We, therefore, the Representatives of the extensive dis-
trict of Darien, in the colony of Georgia, having now assem-
bled in Congress, by authority and free choice of the inhabit-
ants of said district, now freed from their fetters, do resolve—
to show the world that we are not influenced by any con-
tracted or interested motives, but a general philanthropy for
all mankind, of whatever climate, language, or complexion,
hereby declare our disapprobation and abhorrence of the
unnatural practice of American slavery, (however the un-
cultivated state of our country, or other specious arguments
way plead for it,) a practice founded in injustice and
cruelty, and highly dangerous to our liberties, (as well as
lives,) debasing part of our fellow creatures below men, and
corrupting the virtue and morals of the rest; and as laying
the basis of that liberty we contend for (and which we
pray the Almighty to continue to the latest posterity) upon
a very wrong foundation. We therefore resolve, at all
times, to use our utmost endeavors for the manumission of
our slaves in this colony, upon the most safe and equitable
footing for the masters and themselves."—American Ar-
chives, 4th series, vol. 1, p. 1136.
This, sir, at that early day, was the sentiment
of the men of Darien—the men of Georgia, who
loved liberty and respected the rights of man.
These men saw the debasing injustice and cruelty
of the "peculiar institution of the South. '
Slavery was not regarded by them as a " moral,
social, and political blessing." No, sir, such
sentiments had no place in their generous hearts.
No argument, however strong, could induce
them to sanction such an institution—such inhu-
manity and flagrant violation of every principle
of right and justice. j
Theirs was an enlarged philanthropy and
embraced " all mankirid, of whatever climate,
language, or complexion," within its bounds.
Self-interest, and even the uncultivated state of
their country, were powerless arguments with
those liberty-loving, Christian people. They,
in their high regard and approbation of right and
justice, declare their " disapprobation and abhor-
rence of the unnatural practice of American
slavery." Who, that ever loved liberty, did not ?
Who, that regards the rights of man and loves
liberty, does now not despise and denounce it?
Men of Georgia, you are tne sons of noble sires.
Your early history should be your pride, and
you should study it daily and learn from it useful ;
lessons. \
If time and space would permit, I could give
you many instances of as strong expressions of
disapprobation by the people of Virginia, North
Carolina, and Georgia, as those cited by me; but,
inasmuch as I have given fair cases for my pur-
pose, I desist, and pass from those mentioned to
the most important one that ever gave expression j
against human bondage. |
On the ever-memorable 4th of July, 1776, the j
friends of freedom in Congress, assembled in the '
city of Philadelphia, signed the Declaration of
American Independence, which gave birth to our
Republic and immortalized the memory of that
day. They, sir, declared solemn truths that we
should not forget. "We hold these truths to be
self-evident: that all men are created equal; that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain
unalienable rights; that among these are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
Upon these principles our fathers planted them-
selves, with a firm reliance on the rectitude of
their position, and appealed " to the Supreme
Judge of the world" in support of the justice of
their declaration.
Those statesmen and patriots mutually pledged
to each other, their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor, to carry out the principles of their
declaration, sc solemnly.made and published to
the world. They, sir, submitted their principles
to Almiglfty God, and received His righteous ap-'
proval. They showed that they meant what they
said, and were determined, let come what would,
to carry out their piirpose of emancipation, not
only of the whites, but of all the inhabitants of
the land. '' Proclaim liberty throughout the land
and to every inhabitant thereof," was the motto
of our patriot fathers. All men are born free
and equal. Glorious, self-inspiring language—
ideas grand, magnificent, majestic, and glorious
—born in heaven, and consigned by Almighty
God to the care of our patriotic, humane, and
benevolent fathers, for instruction to direct them
in the establishment and perfection of our inde-
pendence as a people, and the erection of a gov-
ernment founded on those immutable principles
of right and a common brotherhood of all man-
kind. Those patriots and statesmen, in fulfill-
mentof theirpledges to the people and the country,
by all their power "and influence, endeavored to
establish for universal freedom a firm foundation;
and in all their acts, doings, and proceedings, this
fact is developed.
When the storms of adversity beat heavily
upon them, and they had no power to look to
except the justice of their cause, and the inter-
position of God in strengthening their arms, they
made their pledges in the sight of Heaven and
the presence of men, faithfully and Btrictly to be
redeemed. There is no time when true Chris-
tianity can be so well tested as in adversity.
When a heavy hand is laid upon the true Chris-
tian, his property destroyed, abandoned by his !
friends, those of his household one by one called ;
from time to eternity, until all is gone, and there j
is no one left to share his misfortunes and bereave-
ment, then his integrity as a Christian is fully j
tested, and he,will exclaim, in the language of j
Job, " The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh I
away; blessed is the name of the Lord." j
When the true patriots of the Revolution savr
that their rights had been usurped and trampled
upon ruthlessly, and that they must eventually
become slaves, they were ready to proclaim lib*
erty throughout the land, and to every inhabit-
ant thereof. It was the honest expression of
the true patriots, made under the most exceed-
ingly adverse circumstances. The black cloud
of despotism had gathered around them, and wu
hanging portentously over them, threatening de-
vastation and destruction. Their love of free-
dom was not the result of a morbid and selfish
desire for their personal aggrandizement; but a
profound regard for right, justice, humanity, and
obedience to a Christian requirement. They
were unwilling to enter into a revolutionary
struggle with the mother country, without first
repudiating, denouncing, and renouncing all alle-
giance to slavery. They could not beseech Grod 'a
blessing upon themselves and their country while
they were standing in direct antagonism with
every principle of right, justice, humanity, and
God s laws. They therefore promised God and
the country that all men should be free, and duly
made proclamation of the same.
Their revolutionary struggle was successful,
and their pledges were outstanding. They then
entered upon the organization of a Government
for their protection and security. They organ-
ized a tottering Confederacy with but little confi-
dence of success. They, in accordance with their
pledges, attempted to secure the people in their
right to life, liberty, and happiness by a hastily
fitted-up confederated Government, which was
soon found to be inadequate to that purpose. It
was found that something must be done to make
the objects of the confederation effectual, and
secure men in their rights.
The best and ablest statesmen in the land were
sent to Philadelphia to digest and form a new
Government for the nation. That convention,
after" patient deliberation, earnest debate, and
cautious decision, presented to the people the
present Constitution of the United States, which
we may justly say surpasses any similar work
of man. .The Constitution, however, contained
a few provisions that were objectional. The sec-
tion licensing the African slave trade for twenty
years was a national dishonor, and was so re-
garded by George Mason, of Virginia, who used
the following language against it:
" This is a fatal, section. The augmentation of slaves
weakens the States; and such a trade is diabolical in itself
and disgraceful to mankind. But by this Constitution it is
continued for twenty years. As much as [ value a union
of all the States, I would not admit the southern States into
the Union, unless they agreed to the discontinuance of this
disgraceful trade. I cannot express my detestation of it."
Mr. Tyler, of Virginia, said of it:
" My earnest desire is, that it should be handed down to
posterity that 1 opposed this wicked clause."
This article was a shameful profanity of the
covenants and pledges of the fathers, solemnly
made; yet the people, for the sake of union and
harmony, adopted it, and it was quietly permitted
to run out the time limited in its behalf. It now
stands only as a monument of shame in our
Constitution.
" The augmentation of slaves weakens the
State." This declaration comes with double
force when we look at the present condition
of our country. Who does not see its tottering
condition now ? Who does not see that the whole
trouble is caused by slavery? Who does not see
that it has been gradually weakening the bonds
of union ? Who does not now see its threatening
and menacing position ? Truer words than those
spoken by George Mason, of Virginia, in regard
to this institution, never fell from the lips of man.
They were solemn truths—prophetic words—and
we now all realize their importance and truthful-
ness. Would to God his admonitions had been
heeded and his warning voice regarded! But,
unfortunately for the country, his warning voice,
and those of his friends and compatriots, Gerry,
Morris,Wilson, Randolph, Madison, and Luther
Martin, with a host of others, were disregarded,
and now we are reaping the reward of violated
faith and broken covenants in a whirlwind of
political excitement caused by that institution
threatening our Union.-
The first step in the right direction was the
passage of the ordinance of 1787, for the govern-
