1I7S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Reps.
ment of the Northwestern Territory. That ordi-
nance prohibited slavery in all that immense ter-
ritoy north of the river Ohio, which has now a
population of over seven millions of freemen, and
not a single slave. That mighty empire, which is
now the most prosperous part of this Union, was
saved to freedom and freemen, because of the pro-
hibition of slavery; for if that had not been done,
that country, too, would now be cursed with that
blighting institution. That ordinance which met
the approval and sanction of the patriots and sages
of the Revolution—that ordinance which gave
construction to the Constitution on the question of
legislation by Congress for the Territories, and
was intended to forever quiet all clamor about the
question of slavery in the same, is now regarded
as the greatest blessing ever bestowed upon the
people of the northwest. And now, sir, by in-
tendment at least, we are-told that that measure
of freedom when passed was unconstitutional,
and has ever since been fraudulent and void. For
if the Missouri restriction was unconstitutional,
most clearly the ordinance of 1787 is. All this
we deny, sir, and claim for the Constitution the
construction of the framers thereof. We think
that the men that made it are as capable of con-
struing it as even the madcap politicianswho have
sprung up since their day, and have hewn out for
themselves a construction for the Constitution
remarkable only for its stupidity.
Who ever heard that the Missouri restriction
was unconstitutional until an illegitimate spawn
of politicians, who had more faith in their own
promotion by trickery than by faithful action,
under the Constitution, as it was understood and
interpreted from the time of its foundation until
1854, when those would-be wise men discovered
the squatter sovereignty doctrine, and claimed it as
a panacea for all our political evils. This new
doctrine, instead of being a blessing and great
pacifier, is the most mischievous of any political
dogma that has ever been presented to the con-
sideration of the American people.
Now, sir, i propose to look after the modern
men and parties on this question of slavery, and
see where they have stood, and where they now
stand, in regard to it. Up to the time of the presi-
dential election in 1844, there had been but little
said or done by any of the dominant political
parties of the country, although there had been
more or less discussion at intervals between that
time and 1820, the time of the passage of what
is commonly called the Missouri compromise.
I mean to be understood, that after 1820, up to the
time of the agitation of the annexation of Texas,
there was no general excitement in the country on
the question of slavery; and, sir, in 1844, by
dint of good management, the question was
controlled by politicians, who evaded any direct
issue on the subject until after the election for
President was over, and there was nothing to be
gained or lost by agitation. Texas had been
annexed before Polk was inaugurated, and conse-
quently the Democratic party stood sound before
the country, it havingescaped the responsibility
of the annexation of Texas a slave State.
But, sir, then came the Mexican war, with all
its consequences, growing out of the'success of
our arms in every battle. The flag of the nation
waved over the hall of the Montezumas. Mex-
ico was a subdued nation, with her army almost
entirely destroyed, without any resources—with-
out any character, and, indeed, without anything,
not even a Government worthy of notice. Then,
sir, came negotiations for peace, with annexation
of territory to be acquired from Mexico as in-
demnity for wrongs perpetrated upon our people
and Government. Next came an excitement upon
the slavery question, with all its concomitant
evils, and continued up to 1852. During this
period, however, a large amount of territory was
acquired by treaty from Mexico. The all-absorb-
iog question now was, who shall have control of
this vast empire, and what shall be its future des-
tiny ? Shall it be doomed to slavery or blessed
With freedom ? This, sir, gave rise to the " Wil-
mot proviso," and added immensely to the im-
portance of the question which had well nigh
absorbed the public sentiment of the North in
favor of freedom for that vast domain.
This led to the discussion of the slavery ques-
tion prior to the annexation of Texas, and nearly
all the great men of the nation engaged in the
controversy, I will now allude to such evidence
as is within my control on this subject, and call
the attention of this House and the country to
the history of men and parties of those days on
that question; and that my authorities may not
be disparaged by calling an insignificant witness
first to the stand, I will take the evidence of
Franklin Pierce. It is the same Franklin Pierce,
of New Hampshire, that is now President of the
United States, and consequently no obscure per-
son. In 1845 this witness testified as follows:
" He bad only to say now, what he had always said, that
he regarded slavery as one of the greatest moral and social
evils—acurse upon the whole country; and this he believed
to be the sentiment of all men of all "parties at the North."
" Mr. P. was free to admit that he had himself approached
this subject of annexation [of Texas] with all his prejudices
and prepossessions against it, and on one ground alone—its
slavery feature. His convictions on this subject were, as
he had stated, strong—not the results of any new light."
"The only difficulty in his mind ever had been, that of a
recognition by any new act of our Government of the insti-
tution of domestic slavery; and he had found it extremely
difficult to bring his mind to a condition impartially to weigh
the argument for and against the measure."
This was the testimony of General Pierce, and
should have its full weight before the country.
" He regarded slavery as one of the greatest
moral and social evils." If this is so, sir, it is
not only our duty to eradicate the evil where it
now exists, but we are bound to prevent its exten-
sion. It is the duty of Congress to provide
promptly such measures as will protect society
from immoral influences, and secure the people in
their rights. It may be said we have no power
over the subject in the States. I reply, we have
power in this District, which is undoubted, and
it is our duty to exercise it if the evidence of our
witness is worthy of belief; and I claim that for
him, and demand action.
Hear this same witness further: it is " a curse
upon the whole country; and this he believed to
he the sentiment of all men of all parties at the
1 North." Of this no reasonable man has any
! doubt. That it mars the best interests of the
whole people, is a fact so well authenticated, and
so firmly established, that to deny it is to make
yourself ridiculous. Then why not act with that
philanthropy and patriotism which prompts men
to generous action and noble deeds ? Why delay,
when we are all aware that a great and growing
! curse is now upon the whole country, and we
| are all suffering from ita effects?
At intervals we have peace and good order in the
r Government, undisturbed by the agitation of this
I vexed question; but no sooner was that clearly
perceptible, than demagogues and political mana-
gers who had run down, and become worthless
in the sight of the good men of their respective
parties, would get up a crisis on this question at
the expense of the peace of the country. In
1849-'50 all was excitement; and after the passage
of the compromise measure of 1850, the country
passed through a most intense agitation and'storm
of political excitement; and many of the wisest
and best men and patriots in the nation had seri-
ous apprehensions that a great and overwhelming
revolution was approaching, which threatened the
permanency of our institutions, and the destruc-
tion of the Union. We all remember the great
anxiety manifested, and the united effort of all men
of all parties to adjust those difficulties. The
people of the North disapproved, seriously, of
those measures as disgraceful to them, ana for
several years remonstrated against them. Public
meetings were held in almost every free State, and
in almost every city, town, and district, in those
States, disapproving and condemning those meas-
ures as subversive of their rights.
The pro-slavery men of the South, also, ex-
pressed their disapprobation of those measures,
in unmistakable and highly denunciatory lan-
guage. Meetings were held in different parts of
the South, threatening a dissolution of the Union.
A disruption of political parties then took place.
Democracy and Whiggery were lost sight of in
the political chaos which followed the discussions
upon those questions in that section; and even
there, in the political hot-bed of sectionalism, the
wise and patriotic men, who loved their country
; more than party, found themselves, from neces-
i sity, compelled to organize these djstracted polit-
ical elements into a party, for the safety of the
I Union.
The all-aborbing question then was, what shall
be done to secure peace and good order to the
country ? The whole country cried for peace, and
all political parties and partisans saw the impend-
ing danger; and a united effort was made, and,
I am happy to say, successfully made, and peace,
good order, and good will, were restored, and
the people rejoiced at their deliverance from dan-
ger and the security of the Union.
In the adjustment which took place, the free
people of the North then claimed, as they now
do, that they were seriously wronged in the set-
tlement; but for the common good of the country,
and from motives of patriotism, acquiesced in
those measures, but never indorsed, approved, or
sanctioned them in any manner whatever, except
in silent, indignant, acquiescence, exceedingly
mortifying ana humiliating to them. They re-
garded it as a humiliating sacrifice, which patri-
otism only could demand, and no other consider-
ation on earth could have induced them to yield.
The freemen of the North had for years looked
with a jealous eye upon the aggressions of sla-
very and the slave power, which had been slowly
stealing itself into every relation of government,
and threatened an entire subversion of freedom
and free institutions, even in the North; They
saw a fixed determination on the part of the
South to implant slavery upon free territory,
for the purpose of enlarging the political power
of the South in the legislative department of this
Go vernment, and the're by make slavery a national
institution, and compel the free States of the
' North to assist the South in riveting the 6hains
and shackles of the poor, downtrodden slave.
The united humanity of the North was invoked
for freedom, against the despotism of the South,
and many, ^ry many, then determined that
if the South should be compelled by the Govern-
l ment to become slave-drivers, slave-catchers, and
j blood-hounds, to run down the poor fugitive
i from tyranny and oppression, they would not
submit to such indignity, but would uncondi-
tionally refuse to obey the requirements of the
, "fugitive slave law,''and let the consequences
I take care of themselves. Others stood silently,
and with a burning indignation determined, in
J their own minds, that they would submit to that
; as the last wrong, come from where it might.
The patriots and statesmen of that day saw
the impending danger, and by their personal in-
; fluence, with much persuasion, induced the people
' to acquiesce in those measures. They promised
i that we should have no more such legislation, if
the country should become tranquil, and agitation
cease. The people did submit, and agitation
ceased, and tranquillity was restored; but the
| people then drove from power the men who had
| brought that calamity upon the country. The
President of the United States, (Mr. Fillmore,)
who had signed those laws, was a candidate for
election in the Whig party of 1852; but, notwith-
i standing he had been elected as Vice President
on a ticket pledged against the exercise of the
veto power, he was repudiated by his party and
condemned for not interposing the veto on those
measures.
I allude to this to show the intensity of public
sentiment on this question, and how difficult it
was to reconcile an indignant people. The polit-
ical parties of that day found it necessary to make
pledges to the country against agitation of the sla-
very question, in or out of Congress. The Whig
party did so; and the Democratic party, in order
to show its determination to suppress all discussion
and agitation, passed resolutions at Baltimore still
stronger than did the Whigs, The Democrats
throughout the North denounced slavery, and
all the troubles growing out of it, and cautioned
the people against any further agitation, as dan-
gerous to the Union. They urged the people to
vote for General Pierce, as the only reliable man
on that question against agitation. They pub-
lished pamphlets in this city showing that Gen-
eral Scott was not reliable on this matter, and
sent them broadcast all over the country. The
Democracy only were then reliable; the Democ-
racy onbr could restore peace and quiet by stop-
ping agitation; the country could only be saved
by the election of General Pierce. The people,
confiding in their pledges, elected him President
by an overwhelming majority. Th* Whig party
