1176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Walker.
Ho. or Reps.
treaties with the Indians and the acts of Congress
referred to, authorizing the introduction of
slavery, had, long anterior to 1850, erased the
line of 1820.
How, then, I ask, can Mr. Fillmore, with his
knowledge of the stipulations and effect of our
treaties with the Indians, and the acts of Congress
relative to them—how can he, in the face of his
approval of the territorial bills of New Mexico
ana Utah, contend that the Missquri compromise
was unaffected by them ? They included terri-
tory embraced within that compromise; they were
acts subsequently passed , and were, in spirit and
substance, inconsistent with the act of 1820. Ac-
cording to all rules of construction, the slavery-
restricting clause of that act was repealed.
This much in reference to the platform upon
which Mr. Fillmore has placed himself, and the
declarations of his opinions that he has lately
made in his speeches. They, in themselves, afford
a sufficient guide to any southern man who wishes 1
to do right—who is disposed to rise above party
obligations—and who, in his watchfulness of the
rights and interests of his section, pays no heed
to personal consequences.
But, sir, there are other matters to be consid-
ered in examining Mr. Fillmore's claims to our
support. In these times of party platforms; in
these times, when leading men are made out of
miserably small material; in these times, when
we have looming up before the public eye no man
of real large proportions; in these times, when
every man is constrained to form his own opin-
ions because there is no great directing intellect
which all can follow;—I say, in these times it is
well for us not only to' look at the man himself
who claims our suffrage, but also to look at those
who follow and support him. I propose to sub-
ject Mr. Fillmore to that test. Why, sir, what
do we see ? If I mistake not, there are but two
non-slaveholding States in which Mr. Fillmore
has an electoral ticket, and in one of these (Indi-
ana) Mr. t>uNN, a member of this House, and
who has not only attempted at this session to
have the Missouri line restored, but who has
over and over again declared that he never would
consent to any new slave State coming into the
Union, has been appointed a Fillmore elector.
The failure to organize electoral tickets in the
free States must be regarded as significant evi-
dence that a very large portion of the Know
Nothing party in those States has been sunk into
the dirty pool of Black Republicanism. It is
known that in the State of Massachusetts, and in
various other States, there have been ruptures in
American meetings; and that in every instance
where a demonstration was sought to oe made in
favor of Mr. Fillmore, as the party nominee, a
breach took place.
Again, sir, what do we see here ? On this very
floor, within this House, we have seen more than
once every northern supporter of Fillmore, with
one exception—and he a southern-born man—
voting to restore the Missouri compromise.
Mr. BOWIE. Who is the exception ?
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Valk.] If I am wrong I hope I will
be corrected. What am I to think of such allies
as these? I believe, and so do the whole body
of my people, that the Missouri restriction was
■unconstitutional; that it was a severe blow at
State equality. It was submitted'to bythe South,
but never had been abided by by the North.
Afterwards, sir, this restriction was removed,
and we were in theory restored to our rights and
our equality . ^ You know full well—1 say it in no
boasting spirit, because after the people in my
own section in 1850 succumbed to mere party
dictation, and yielded to this miserable compro-
mise policy which has so long interfered with the
prosperity of the South, I am the last man dis-
posed to speak boastfully of my section; but I
think I may say this—and you will agree with
me-—that the restoration of the Missouri restric-
tion could never be acquiesced in by the South,
and that no party there would support it; that
not a single man holding allegiance to any single
State government South would ever dream of
submitting to it.
Well, with all this knowledge in my mind;
with the strong conviction that the repeal of that
restriction was all right and proper in itself—that
it merely restored us to what had always be-
longed to us, and which we had temporarily lost
by a bad policy; I ask you, with what propriety
can I come forward and support meri for office
whose friends, upon this floor and elsewhere,
indicate their purpose to restore the Missouri
restriction ?
Again: assuming this to be their policy; sup-
fose that, during the next presidential term, Mr.
'illmore should hold that high station; suppose
there should be sufficient power in the two Houses
to effect that measure, what would be his action?
In 1848, it will be remembered by the committee,
and by the country, that Mr. Fillmore took this
ground upon the veto power—that he would only
interfere where there is a plain violation of the
Constitution, or where there is a manifest infor-
mality in the enactment. That was the prevalent
doctrine of his party at that time. Well, sir, when
he tells us in his speeches that the repeal of the
Missouri compromise was an '' act of bad faith''—
when in what he has said and written we are war-
ranted in supposing that he believes that the Mis •
souri restriction was constitutional, I ask my
American friends upon this floor, if they can ven-
ture to assure the country that in such an event
Mr. Fillmore would withhold from it his sanction ?
These are grave questions; they are questions
which rise above party necessities; they are ques-
tions which address themselves to the minds of
thinking and reasoning men—men who are not
disposed to be led away by mere party bias—men
covetous of their own personal character and
dignity, and covetous of preserving the dignity
and equality of their States.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman permit
aifrto propound to him a question at this point?
I would like to know whether the gentleman from
Alabama considers it a sufficient cause for a dis-
solution ofthe Union, should the elections, which
ar6 about to be had throughout the country, decide
that point in sending a majority to this House, and
to the Senate, if it were possible, that would vote
in favor of restoring the Missouri compromise ?
Mr. WALKER. I will answer the gentleman
that question in this wise. In the great struggle
in 1850,1 took the ground in my own State, that,
in my judgment, this Union—all glorious as it
had been, the object of my love arid reverence,
filled as I was with the thoughts of the great
deeds of the men who gave it to us, looking upon
it as of only less value than the principles which
gave it being—I said then, that rather than sub-
mit to an unjust compromise I would see the
Union shivered into fragments. And I say now,
though I am no disunionist, that valuing my
own rights, and, I trust, properly regarding the
rights of others—yet I say now, in all calmness
and solemness, to northern gentlemen, that, in
my judgment, if the restriction referred to by the
gentlenflhi should be renewed upon the South—
if that is to be the finale of this fierce sectional
strife—it would lead to a disseverance of the
Union.
I say, further, that in the consummation of the
event the gentleman has supposed, if my voice
had potency, it should ring from every nill-top
and every vale in the South. I would light the
beacon-fires of revolt on every southern stream,
and, if need be, cut with the sword the bonds
that linked us with oppressors. Yet, in saying
this, I would invoke Heaven to turn that dark
day away from us. I would not only live in
peace, but cultivate, so far as we can, fraternal
concord and harmony. But that can only be
achieved—it can only be preserved, by a determ-
ination upon all sides to award to each State
its full equality, and to the citizens of each State
full and perfect equality, one with the other.
Governments are not worth living for or fighting
for, unless the great objects of their creation are
carried out, ana with us equality is the leading
fundamental idea. .The States must not be shorn
of their sovereignty, nor their citizens abridged
in their rights.
But, sir, to return to the presidential election.
From what I have said, it will be seen that I can-
not justify myself in voting for Mr. Fillmore.
What am I to do ? Where am I to go ? 1 will
answer the question. I shall not surrender any
of what I conceive to be the great, leading, fund-
amental ideas of the American party. I stand
now, on that subject, where I stood a year ago.
I make no surrender of what I believe to be the
wise purposes of that party. But, sir, for the
time being, I must hold these things in abeyance.
I must let them bide their time, trusting that by
the force and power of their own truth they will
make themselves manifest in the settled policy
of the country hereafter. I am one of those who
believe that no man has a right to abstain from
casting his vote, especially in such times as these.
I look upon this thing of suffrage, which is of
legislative origin, and which, once given, is a
right, as imposing a duty upon the recipient al-
ways to cast his suffrage. A man cannot hold
himself neutral in such times as these. Then,
sir, where am I to go ? and what am I to do ? The
committee will observe, that in all that I have said-
of Mr. Fillmore I am speaking of him as he now
stands. I judge of no public man in this country
by his antecedents; it is not only a foolish, but
an unjust and unsafe mode of testing his fitness
for office. 1 care not what Mr. Fillmore's opin-
ions were in 1838. I take him as he stands, and
I take his competitors as they stand now. He is
a man of high personal character; a man whose
integrity is beyond question; a man who has
worth of his own. Therefore, sir, I give him
full credit for honesty in his professions.
Well, sir, who is true .Democratic nominee? If
I were to judge either of these two men by the
past, I should say, and say most truthfully, that
they were both distasteful to me. I could put
my finger on both of their records, and find ob-
jectionable points. But, sir, when I come to ask
myself the question, which of these two men
(for the choice is necessarily limited to them) I
must take, I answer it in this wise: In the first
place, the platform on which Mr. Buchanan
stands, verbose and unnecessarily long as it is, is
far more in accordance with my own opinions
and feelings than that on which Mr. Fillmore
stands. I take it, sir, that his party is more fully
committed at this time to those principles and
that policy %hich would secure the rights of all
sections than any other party in the country.
Mr. Buchanan's character and public services
have been such as to afford some ground or belief
to the country, at least, that he will not prove
false to his professions. He has bound himself
firmly by the party platform. That platform, in
unmistakable terms, acknowledges the right of
all the States of this Union, and not only of the
States in their present organized government, but
it recognizes their (so to speak) prospective right.
It recognizes their equality of rights in the Ter-
ritories, and pledges the party to the admission
of new slave States. Ii? these respects it comes
up to the demands of the South. Therefore, sir,
taking these two gentlemen from their present
stand-points, looking at the conduct and princi-
ples of their respective supporters—in view of the
fact that the real contest is between Mr. Buch-
anan and the Black Republican nominee, and
that, therefore, I should not, as a southern man,
withhold a vote from that candidate who can
' bring most strength against one whose success
would be disastrous to those I represent, and
fatal to the Union—I find that 1 must cut myself
loose from party associations, and cast my vote
where, in my judgment, it is my duty to cast it,
and that is for Mr. Buchanan.
I think I may say, Mr. Chairman, without fear
of contradiction, that since I have been a member
of this House, there has been no occasion where
—whenever I could prove my attachment to what
I believe to be the leading idea of the policy of
the American party—I was at all founa lacking
in manifesting my desire to earry out their policy;
but, sir, I stand not here as a partisan. I claim
the right to ally myself, for the time being, with
that party which I myself regard as the most
conservative. I trust to preserve my own indi-
viduality in going with this or with that party,
t according to the dictates of my own judgment,
h I neither throw aside the party term of "Amen-
' i can" nor take up the party term of" Democrat.
I simply stand—I fear I may say so—alone, some-
what of an Ishmaelite. Perhaps it may be so in
my own district.
Were I covetous of a longer service in this
Hall, I feel assured that all 1 would have to do
to attain that end would be to take in my hand
