1178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
34th Gong....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Barksdale.
Ho. of Reps.
men of the North, the men whose patriotism is
broad enough to embrace the Union—the whole
Union—who have heretofore stood in the front of
the battle in upholding the Constitution, vindicat-
ing the laws, and sustaining the rights of every
section of the Confederacy, have nearly all been
remorselessly stricken down, and disorganizing,
agitating Abolitionists are now filling their places.
And, sir, in this House, how have they wielded
their ill-gotten power? The present Congress
commenced under extraordinary circumstances,
and extraordinary events have marked its his- j
tory. N. P. Banks, of Massachusetts, who was j
the first upon this floor in the lart Congress to
avow himself a member of this secret Know
Nothing organization, and the first to attempt
its vindication, was elected Speaker, after a nine
■weeks' struggle, by purely a sectional vote. Here
is his avowal: j
" Mr. Letcher. Now, let me try the gentleman from
Massachusetts. Does he belong to the organization called
Know Nothing, that has been the subject of comment by
the sentlemanYrom North Carolina [Mr. Roffin] to-night?
"Mr. Banks. I belong to an organization—not that I
know that it is called by the name of Know Nothing—but
that answers the description that is generally understood
by that name in my own town. Nobody fjas asked me the
question before. 1 have never declined to answer it, and
nobody lias' screwed me up to it.' "
The table above shows that eighty-four of those
who were elected as Know Nothings from the
northern States, voted for Mr. Banes for Speaker;
and the record proves that if, upon the last bal-
lot, the Know Nothing members of the House,
Messrs. Broom, Bat ard Clarke, Citllen, Henry
Winter Davis, Millward, and Whitney, who
now follow the fortunes of Mr. Fillmore, and
who the day before had voted for Governor
Aiken, had adhered to him, he would have been
elected. Governor Aiken received one hundred
votes, nineteen of the twenty-one northern Dem-
ocrats voting for him; Mr. Banks one hundred
and three. Four of the six gentlemen whose
names I have mentioned could have defeated the
election of Mr. Banks. These gentlemen had
refused to vote for either Mr. Richardson or Mr.
Oim, because they were the nominees of the Dem-
ocratic party, but no such excuse could avail them
for refusing to vote for Governor Aiken; for
though aDemocrat,acting throughout the struggle
with the Democratic members, ne was, neverthe-
less, not their nominee. His name was suggested
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] I
venture to say, upon his individual responsibility.
Thus, sir, having the power to elect a Speaker
who had ever been loyal to the Union and true to
the Constitution, these gentlemen of the Know
Nothing party, which now claims to be national,
refused to exercise if, and a Black Republican now
presides over the deliberations of this House.
They are responsible for his election, because
they could have defeated it.
In the organization of the committees, the
South has been most signally ostracised. Every
committee connected, directly or indirectly, with
slavery, has been so constituted as to be made
available in carrying out the nefarious schemes
of the Black Republican party. The House has
been organized, according to sectional prejudices,
by the Speaker, in the arbitrary exercise of his
power of appointment.
Messrs. Brooks and Keitt, of South Caro-
lina, whose chivalrous bearing, and high order
of talents and attainments, had secured them po-
sitions second to none upon this floor—the one
for inflicting merited chastisement upon Charles
Sumner, a Senator from Massachusetts, who had
published to the world an infamous libel upon
his State, and slandered his venerable and absent
relative, and the other for not dishonoring him-
self by becoming an informer—have been forced
to resign their seats; and thus, not only has the
insult to a sovereign State of this Union been in-
dorsed, but the State disfranchised, so far as this
House has the power to do it.
In violation of all law and precedent, when the
returns of the election, certified to by the officers
regularly appointed to supervise its conduct, in-
contestably established his election—when he had
been duly commissioned by the Governor of the
State, James C. Allen, of Illinois, a bold and
fearless national Democrat, has been driven from
his seat by the Black Republican majority on
this floor. Sir, in my judgment, this act was
perpetrated for no other than the accomplishment
of a party purpose. There is already a vacancy
in one district; and if the Black Republicans
should succeed in that, and in Allen's, and the
presidential election should be thrown into the
House of Representatives, the State of Illinois
would be secured for Fremont. Here is the mo-
tive which led to the consummation of this out-
rage; to accomplish which, the rules of evidence,
all law and parliamentary precedent, have been
recklessly and wantonly disregarded.
A bill to admit Kansas into the Union as a
State, under the Topeka constitution—a constitu-
tion formed by a mere party in the Territory,
composed chiefly of plundering adventurous trai-
tors, acting in open defiance of the laws of the
Territory and the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment, has been passed by this House. Nine
of the States of the Union were admitted by acts
or Congress granting them permission to form
State constitutions—four upon the application of
the Territorial Legislatures; and even in the case
of California, as irregular as was her admission,
her application was approved by the President,
and understood to have had the sanction of a
majority of the people who were then in the Ter-
ritory. In the history of the country, there is
no parallel to the outrage which has been perpe-
trated by the passagei of this Kansas bill. It
stands alone, a monument to the infamy of those
who passed it.
The threat is how being boldly made, that the
appropriation biHs shall be defeated if Kansas is
not admitted as a free State, or the Missouri re-
striction reinstated, and thus a revolution will be
inaugurated by the majority in this House. Sir,
I know that gentlemen on the other side have the
power Jo defeat the appropriation bills, and let
them do it if they dare.
The Know Nothing party had swept over the
whole North, bearing everything with the might
of an avalanche before it; but it had been met
upon the soil of the Old Dominion by the Dem-
ocracy, under the lead of the gallant Wise, and
had been routed and driven from the field. That
noble old State was true to the teachings of civil
and religious liberty of her ipimortal statesmen,
and drove back the minions of this, until then,
" invisible invincible" organization.
The elections were to take place in the south-
ern States. Know Nothingism had accomplished
its purposes aj the North, as I have already en-
deavored to show; and it was deemed necessary
that a platform should be agreed upon, in order
that the South should be fastened to its triumphal
car. Under these circumstances, the grand coun-
cil met in the city of Philadelphia. Its members
were oath-bound, and held their sessions with
closed doors. It was composed of southern slave-
holders, and rank northern Abolitionists, and for
days they wrangled upon the subject of slavery.
Finally, however, they adopted the majority re-
port, including the twelfth section, when a major-
ity of the northern men bolted. It was adopted
by a mere majority of the members, without
regard to the vote in the electoral college. ' A
majority of the States did not vote for it, nor a
majority of electoral votes, aa-the following table
exhibits:
Electoral votet to Vote on majority
which, the it en- report, includ-
titled. ing 12tA tection.
Teas. Nays.
Mississippi.
Texas 
New York.
Ohio 
. 8
7
_
.15
7
-
.10
6
-
. 8
4
-
.10
7
.
. 3
4
. 7
4
. 9
4
-
. 6
2
.
. 4
4
_
. 4
3
-
.12
6
.12
-
-
. 4
2
.35
4
2
.23
_
7
.13
4
. 6
1
. 5
_
3
. 8
_
7
. 5
_
2
.13
_
5
. 6
-
3
Electoral votes, Vote on majority,
Sfc—Continued. $c.—Continued.
Veas. Nays.
Vermont  5 . 5
Rhode Island  4 - 1
New Jersey  7 .7
Pennsylvania 95 2 5
Illinois 11 . 5
Iowa  4 2
Delaware  3 13
District of Columbia - 1
Minnesota - 1
69
62
Florida, on that vote, entitled though to but 3
electoral votes, cast 4 votes, whilst New York
only cast 6, and Pennsylvania only 7. Thus the
little State of Florida exercised two thirds as
much influence in the vote on the twelfth section
as the State of New York, which is entitled to
35 electoral vot.es, or as the State of Pennsylvania,
having 27 electoral votes. Delaware, like Flor-
ida, cast 4 votes—one more than her electoral vote,
and of like proportion to that of New York and
Pennsylvania as Florida. The District of Co-
lumbia and the. Territory of Minnesota, each
having no electoral vote, cast one vote in determ-
ining that question, which was equally as much
as the State of Michigan, having 6 electoral votes,
or the State of Wisconsin, having 5.
Vote on the minority report, including a resolution that the
repeat of the Missouri compromise was an infraction of the
plighted faith of the nation, and that it should be restored;
and if efforts to that end should fail, Congress shouldrefuse *
to admit any State tolerating slavery which shall be formed
out of any portion of the territory from which that insti-
tution was excluded by that compromise :
Feat. Ifayt, Yeas. Nays.
Delaware  - 5 Michigan  1
Maryland  - 7 Wisconsin  3
Virginia  - 7 Texas  - 2
North Carolina. - 6 Dist. Columbia. - 1
South Carolina. - 4 Maine  7
Georgia  - 7 New Hampshire 2
Florida  - 4 Massachusetts.. 6
Mississippi  - 4 Connecticut  3
Alabama  - 4 Vermont.  5
Louisiana  - 2 Rhode Island... 1
California...... - 4 New York  - 6
Arkansas. - 3 New Jersey.... 7
Tennessee  - 5 Pennsylvania... - 7
Kentucky  - 6 Illinois  5
Ohio....'.  7 - Iowa  2
Missouri  5 - . Minnesota  1
Total........ 55 84
The States whose delegates voted ay are as-
follows: Ohio, Missouri, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Mainfe, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Con-
necticut, Vermont, Rhode Island, New Jersey,
Illinois, Iowa—13 States; and Territory of Min-
nesota—14. The States whose delegates voted
no areas follows: Delaware,Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, California,'
Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, Texas, New
York, Pennsylvania—17 States; and the District
of Columbia—18.
When the convention reassembled on the 14th
of June, fifty-three delegates seceded; as follows:
From Ohio, 8—all. Indiana, 6—all. Illinois, 4—
all, except one, who does not appear after.
Michigan, 2—all. Massachusetts, 7—all. New
Hampshire, 3—all. Vermont, 5—all. Maine,
7—all. Iowa, 2—all. Rhode Island, 3—all.
Connecticut, 3—all. Wisconsin, 3—all.
The above delegates assembled at the Girard
House, Philadelphia, immediately after their se-
cession, and issued an address to the people of
the United States, urging the unconditional res-
toration of the Missouri prohibition and the
maintenance of its positive guarantee until its
object had been consummated by the admission
of Kansas and Nebraska as free States. In ad-
dition to the above, four delegates from Pennsyl-
vania, constituting a majority of its represent-
ation in that convention, entered, with other del-
egates, their protest against the introduction of
the question of slavery in its platform, and de-
clared that they would not act with any organ-
ization that refused its sanction to the Missouri
compromise act of 1820. The platform adopted,
as the above tables represent, was everywhere
condemned and scouted by the party at the North.
At a convention held in Cincinnati, the following
resolution was adopted, seven States being rep-
resented:
" That the repeal of the Missouri compromise was an in-
fraction of the plighted faith of the nation, and that it should
