1856J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Barksdale.
Ho. of Reps.
be restored; and if efforts to-that end should foil, Congress
should rvl'iise to admit into the lTnion any State tolerating
slavery, which shall be formed out of any portion of the
territory from which that institution was excluded by that
compromise."
And in the great State of New York, at th«jr
State convention, they adopted the following reso-
lution:
" Resolved, That the national Administration, by its gen-
eral course of official conduct, together, with an attempt to
destroy the repute, harmony, and fraternal relations ot the
country m the repeal of the Missouri compromise, and the
encouragement cn aggressions upon the government of the
territorial inhabitants of Kansas, deserve and should receive
the united condemnation of the -American people, and that
the institution of slavery should receive mo extension from
such repeal."
The twelfth section thus rejected by the North
reads as follows:
" The American party having arisen upon the rains and
ia spite of the opposition of the Whig and Democratic par-
ties, cannot be held responsible for the obnoxious acts or
violated pledges of either. And the systematic agitation of
the slavery question by these parties having elevated sec-
tional hostility into a positive element of political power,
and brought our institutions into peril, it has, therefore, be-
come imperative duty of the American party to inter-
pose for the purpose of giving peace to the country andftr-
fetuity to the Union. And as experience has shown it im-
possible to reconcile opinions so extreme as those which
separate the disputants, as there can be no dishonor in sub-
mitting to the laws, the national council deem it the best
guarantee of common justice and of future peace to abide by
and maintain the existing Unas upon the subject of slavery
as a final and conclusive settlement of the subject, in spirit
and substance.
• " And, regarding it the highest duty to avow their opin-
ions upon a subject so important, in distinct and unequiv- !
ocal terms, it is hereby declared, as the sense of this Na-
tional Council, that Congress possesses no power, under
the Constitution, to legislate upon the subject of slavery in
the States where it does or may exist, or exclude aaf State
from admission into the Union because its constitution does
or does not recognise the institution of slavery as a part of
its social system. And, expressly pretermitting any ex-
pression of opinion upon the power of Congress to establish
or prohibit slavery in any Territories, it is the opinion of the
National Council that Congress ought not to legislate upon
the subject of slavery within the Territories of the United
States, and that any interference by Congress with slavery
as it exists in the District cf Columbia, would be a viola-
tion of the spirit and intention of the compact by which the
State of Maryland ceded the District to the United States,
and a breach of the national faith."
Such is the famous twelfth section—that por-
tion of their platform which pertained to slavery,
and on the adoption of whicn, as I have already
stated, most of the delegates from the northern
States left the grand council. I am disposed to
deal candidly and fairly with this platform, espe-
cially the twelfth section. I did not regard it
then, nor do I regard it now, as sound on the
slavery question; but it does contain some guar-
antees for the protection of the South. The Know
Nothing maty in the South, at least, was satisfied
with it. The people were told that it was sounder
Upon the slavery question than either the Demo-
cratic or Whig platforms; and they were invoked
to the support of the Know Nothing candidates
because they stood upon solid and impregnable
southern ground. Upon this platform they went
before the people in the southern States; and al-
though in most of them the battle was fought
with a zeal and desperation almost unexampled
in political conflicts in this country, they were
defeated most signally and triumphantly in all
of them but two—Kentucky and Maryland.
What was then to be done,-allied as they were
with the Abolitionists at the North, and de-
feated at the South? The American Organ, pub-
lished in this city, and recognized as the organ
of the party, assumed the position that the sla-
very question must be ignored, and that differ-
ences of opinion in reference to it must be toler-
ated; and that the party must unite on what were
termed American principles. This proposition
was soon reechoed from certain quarters in the
South. Sir, it was an invitation to those who
had repudiated the twelfth section and withdrew,
to reunite with the party. On the 18th of Feb-
ruary, the second grand council met in the city
of Philadelphia. In accordance with the position
taken by the American Organ, Mr. Brewster,
an Abolition Know Nothing, from the State of
Massachusetts, moved to strike out the twelfth
section. The motion was resisted by the South;
but at last the North prevailed, and the twelfth
section was stricken out.
Sir, let gentlemen attempt to disguise it as they
will, the northern delegates were determined not
to go into the presidential election trammeled by
the slavery question, and, in obedience to their
stern and imperative demands, it was ignored by
the platform. Pendinf^its consideration, Mr.
Sheets, of Indiana, said:
" He was opposed to it, (the reconsideration,) as it would
reopen the whole debate that the previous question was
designed to cut off. He then proceeded to denounce the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, but disavowed extreme
Free-Soil sentiments. He appealed to the South to act with
magnanimity, and not attempt to j ustify a repeal of a solemn
compromise, and then say we desire no further agitation of
the matter. It was like a man who should strike you a
blow, and then retiring say,' I desire no further agitation
of this matter.' [App^guse.] He would assure the South
that the twelfth section must be got rid of. He was willing .
to accept a compromise, but the section must be got rid of;
he was willing to accept the Washington platform, for, if
there was anything in it, it was so covered up with verbiage
that a President would be elected before the people would
find out what it was all about. [Tumultuous laughter.]
Three southern States had been carried on the twelfth sec-
tion; repeal it, and we will give you the entire North.
. [Applause.] He appealed to the council to take off* this
trammel, that the great North and Northwest may march to
triumph. Do this, and place on the ticket a good southern
man, and most of the southern States will be carried, with
or without the twelfth section."
The following is from the proceedings published
at the time, as to striking out the twelfth section,
and adopting the new platform: j
" National Council of Know Nothings at Philadelphia,
February 90,1855.
" Whereas the twelfth section of the national platform,
adopted in June, 1855, was neither proposed by the South
, nor sanctioned by the North: Therefore, be it
| " Resolved, That the aforesaid twelfth section be stricken
out; that on the subject of slavery we stand upon the prin-
ciples and provisions of the Constitution of the United
, Stdks, yielding nothing more and claiming nothing less.
'Amidst much contusion and excitement, this proposi-
tion was carried by the following vote:
i " Yen—New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut,
Rhode island, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Cali-
fornia, Arkansas, Ohio, Indiana, Wisconsin, Illinois, and
Iowa.
" Nay*—Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina, Louisiana,
California, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, and
the District of Columbia.
" Absent.—Delaware, Virginia, New Jersey, and Louis-
iana.
" Carried.—Teas 109, nays 57.
" Before the vote on striking out the twelfth section was
taken, Rev. F. S. Evans, of the District of Columbia, of-
fered, as a substitute for the Philadelphia platform of 1855,
, the following, which was by some called the Washington
platform, because it emanated ftom Washington, and by
others the verbiage platform, because it contains such a
preponderance of words over ideas.
" 1. An humble acknowledgment to the Supreme Being
who rales the universe for His protecting care vouchsafed
to our fathers in their successful revolutionary struggle, and
hitherto manifested to us, their descendants, in the preser-
vation of the liberties, the independence, and the union of
these States.
" a. The perpetuation of the Federal Union, as the pal-
ladium of our civil and religious liberties, and the only sure
bulwark of American Independence.
"3. Americans must rule America; and to this end na-
tive-born citizens should be selected for all State, Federal,
and municipal offices, or Government employment, in pref-
erence to naturalized citizens; nevertheless,
" 4. Persons born of American parents residing tempora-
rily abroad should be entitled to all the rights of native-born
1 citizens; but
I " 5. No person should be selected for political station
(whether of native or foreign birth) who recognizes any
, allegiance or obligation of any description to any foreign
i prince, potentate, or power, or who refuses to recognize
,; the Federal and State constitutions (each within its sphere)
i as paramount to all other laws as rules of political action,
i j "6. The unqualified recognition and maintenance of the
i j reserved rights of the several States, and the cultivation of
! j harmony and fraternal goodwill between the citizens of
j the several States, and to this end non-interference by Con-
• i cress with questions appertaining solely to the individual
II States, and non-intervention by each State with the affairs
of any other State.
i " The recognition of the right of the native-bom and
naturalized citizens of the United States, permanently
residing in any Territory thereof, to frame their constitu-
tion and laws, and to regulate their domestic and social
11 affairs in their own mode, subjcct only to the provisions of
'< the Federal Constitution, with the right of admission into
I' the Union whenever they have the requisite population for
'! one Representative in Congress: Providvd always, That
none but those who are citizens of the United States, under
! the Constitution and laws thereof, and who have a fixed
residence in any such Territory, ought to participate in the
! formation of the constitution, or is the enactment of laws
for said Territory or State.
11 " 8. An enforcement of the principle, that no State or
! Territory ought to admit others than native-born citizens to
| the right of suffrage, or of holding political office, unless
such person shall have been naturalized according to the
laws of the United States.
i « 9. A change in the laws of naturalization, making a
continued residence of twenty-one years, of all not hereto-
fore provided for, an indispensable requisite for citizenship
hereafter, and excluding all paupers and persons convicted
of crime from landing upon our shores; but no interference
with the vested rights of foreigners.
" 10. Opposition to any union between Church and State;
no interference with religious faith or worship, and no test
oaths for office, except those indicated in the fifth section
of this platform.
"11. Free and thorough investigation into any and all
alleged abuses of public functionaries, and a strict economy
in public expenditures.
" 12. The maintenance and enforcement of all laws until
said laws shall be repealed, or shall be declared null and
void by competent judicial authority.
" 13. Opposition to the reckless and unwise policy of the
present Administration in the general management of our
national affairs, and more especially as shown in removing
'Americans' (by designation) and conservatives in principle
from office, and placing foreigners and ultraists in their
places; as shown in a truckling subserviency to the stronger,
and an insolent and cowardly bravado towards the weaker
powers; as shown in reopening sectional agitation by the
repeal of the Missouri compromise ; as shown in granting
to unnaturalized foreigners the right to suffrage in Kansas
and Nebraska; as shown in its vacillating course on the
Kansas and Nebraska question; as shown in the removal
of Judge Bronson from the collectorship of New York upon
false and untenable grounds; as shown in the corruptions
which pervade some of the Departments of the Govern-
ment; as shown in disgracing meritorious naval officers
through prejudice or caprice; and as shown in the blun-
dering mismanagement of our foreign relations.
" 14. Therefore, to remedy existing evils, and prevent
the disastrous consequences otherwise resulting therefrom,
we would build up the 'American party' upon the principles
hereinbefore stated, eschewing all sectional questions, and
uniting upon those purely national, and admitting into said
party all American citizens (referred to in the third, fourth,
and fifth sections) who openly avow the principles and
opinions heretofore expressed, and who will subscribe their
names to this platform : Provided, nevertheless, That a ma-
jority of those members present at any meeting of a local
council where an applicant applies for membership in the
American party may, for any reason by them deemed suffi-
cient, deny admission to such applicant.
" 15. A free and open discussion of all political principles
embraced in our platform."
When order was restored, the President an-
nounced the result as follows:
States. Ayes. Noes.
New Hampshire. 1 1
Massachusetts... 5
Connecticut  -
Rhode Island.... 2
New York  32
Delaware  2
Maryland........ 4
Virginia...  3
North Carolina.. 1
Florida.......... 1
New Jersey  4
Pennsylvania.... 13
Louisiana  1
Total  
8
2
1
3
5
1
14
.3
States. Ayes. Noes.
California  2
Arkansas  1 1
Tennessee  10 3
Kentucky  8 5
Ohio  4 19
Indiana  2 1
Missouri  3 1
Michigan.
Wisconsin 
Dist. of Columbia.
Illinois 
Iowa 
108 77
Now, sir, what was the platform adopted in
lieu of the one rejected? The word slavery can-
not be found in it. Instead of the twelfth section,
we have the seventh, as above.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask the gentleman from
Mississippi if he considers the Constitution of the
United States as sound on the slavery question ?
Mr. BARKSDALE, Certainly I do, sir.
Mr. WHITNEY. Then I would ask the gen-
tleman if he can find the word slavery in the Con-
stitution of the United States?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I find a synonymous
term—" persons held to service;" but there is no
such language in your platform, or anything like
it. Now, sir, mark the language of this section.
Under it Congress can pass the Wilmot proviso,
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, in-
terdict the slave trade between the States, modify
or repeal the fugitive slave law. It would be no
violation of this section, if Congress were to re-
fuse to admit Kansas into the Union, if she were
to apply with a pro-slavery constitution. The
proviso is, that " none but those who are citizens
of the United States, under the Constitution and
laws thereof, and who have a fixed residence in
any such Territory, ought to participate in the
formation of the constitution, or the enactment
of laws for said Territory or State." By the bill
organizing territorial governments for Kansas
and Nebraska, unnaturalized foreigners, who
have declared their purpose to become citizens,
are allowed to vote. Upon this pretext, the ap-
plication of Kansas might be rejected. And, sir,
m my opinion, this language was adopted to
pander to the Free-Soil section of the party at
the North.
Mr. TRAFTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi one question. I under-
stand him to say that Congress can do anything
in regard to slavery. Does he mean to be under-
stood that Congress can legislate in reference to
slavery in the old slaveholdtng States ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman did not
hear my remark, or he would not have asked me
