1160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Barksdale.
[July 23,
Ho. of Reps.
that question, I said no such thing. I was
speaking of the powers yielded, tacitly, at least,
to Congress, under the Know Nothing platform.
I deny the power of Congress to legislate upon
the subject of slavery anywhere, except to pro-
tect it. That is my position.
Gentlemen tell us, however, that this platform
is not binding upon them; that the grand council
had no right to strike out the twelfth section, and
adopt a new platform. By the constitution of the
organization, the national grand council wields
its whole political power. In the express lan-
guage of that constitution, it has the power to
determine all questions of national policy, and
from its decision there is no appeal. Ana it not
only has this power, but also has the power to
punish for disobedience of its edicts. That the
convention which nominated Mr. Fillmore for
President regarded the action of the national
grand council as binding, is evidenced by the fkct,
that a resolution denying the powers they assumed
was voted down by a majority of near two thirds.
The nominating convention assembled on the
22d of February. The same scenes of disorder
and violence which characterized the grand
council were reenacted. The delegates from
Pennsylvania, headed by Hon. John R. Edie,
a member of this House, and who had voted for
Mr. Banks for Speaker, were admitted to seats
in the convention. The vote was eighty-eight to
forty-five—two to one for the admission of these
Free-Soil delegates, all of whom had repudiated
the twelfth section. At length, however, Mil-
lard Fillmore was nominated for President, and
Andrew J. Donelson for Vice President of the
United States, when many of the northern dele-
gates withdrew.
The political history of Mr. Fillmore is well
known to the country. He was first borne into
political life by the anti-freemasonry excitement
which prevailed in New York at that time. He
was opposed to all secret societies then, even
such as were not connected with politics. Now,
he stands before the American people as the
candidate of a secret political organization, for the
first office within their gift.
The following letter, addfessed to a friend in
Erie, in 1838, will show what his opinions, in
relation to the power of Congress over slavery,
were at that time:
Buffalo, October 17,1838.
, Sir: Your communication of the 15th instant, as chair-
man of a committee appointed by " the Anti-Slavery Society
of the county of Erie," has just come to hand. You solicit
my answer to the following interrogatories: _
1. Do you believe that petitions to Congress on the
subject of slavery and the slave trade ought to be received
and respectfully considered by the representatives of the
people ?
2. Are you opposed to the annexation of Texas, under
any circumstances, as long as slaves are held therein ?
3. Are you in favor of Congress exercising all the consti-
tutional power it possesses to abolish the internal slave
trade between the States?
4. Are you in favor of immediate legislation for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia?
I am much engaged, and have no time to enter into an
argument, or to explain at length my reasons for my
opinion. 1 shall tberefoie content myself, for the present,
by answering all your interrogatories in the affirmativi,
and to leave to some future occasion a more extended dis-
cussion on the subject.
W. Mills, Esq.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
After the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, he yielded his position with regard
to the power of Congress to interfere with the
slave trade between the States. On the 11th of
December, Mr. Atherton, of New Hampshire,
offered his celebrated resolutions, defining, in un-
equivocal terms, the power of Congress over the
institution of slavery. I will not consume time
in analyzing these resolutions, and the votes upon
them. Mr. Bynum, of North Carolina, in vindi-
cating them, used the following language* " I
pray every southern man to examine these reso-
lutions, read them over and over again, one by
one, and say if they were not sufficiently strong
to secure every southern interest, while they pa£
ticularly forbear to encroach on the rights of any
other portion of the Union." These are the res-
olutions:
"Resolved, That this Government is a Government of
t limited powers, and that, by the Constitution of the United
Btates, Congress has no jusisdiction whatever over the in-
stitution of slavery in the several States of the Confederacy.
"Resolved, That petitions for the abolitfbn of slavery in
the District of Columbia, and the Territories of the Fiuted
States, and against the removal of slaves from one State to
another, are a part of a plaapf operations set on foot to
affect the institution of slavery in the several States, and
thus indirectly to destroy that institution within their limits.
"Resolved, That Congress has no right to do that indi-
rectly which it cannot do directly; and that the agitation of
j the subject of slavery in the District of Columbia, or the
Territories, as a means, and with the vie w, of disturbing or
overthrowing that institution in the several States, is against
! the true spirit and meaning of the Constitution, an infringe-
ment of the rights of the States affected, and a breach of
the public faith upon which they entered into the Confed-
eracy.
" Resolved, Thatthe Constitutiowfests on the broad prin-
ciple of equality among the members of this Confederacy
and that Congress, in the exercise of its acknowledged
powers, has no right to discriminate between the institutions
of one portion of the States and another, with a view of
abolishing the one and promoting the other.
" Resolved therefore, That all attempts on the part of
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, or
the Territories, or to prohibit the removal of slaves from
State to State, or to discriminate between the institutions
of one portion of the Confederacy and another, with
the views aforesaid, are in violation of the Constitution,
destructive of the fundamental principle on which the
Union of these States rests, and beyond the jurisdiction of
Congress; and that every petition, memorial, resolution,
proposition, or paper, touching or relating in any way, or to
any extent whatever, to slavery as aforesaid, or the aboli-
tion thereof, shall, on the presentation thereof, without any
further action thereon, be laid upon the tahle, without being
debated, printed, or referred."
0/1 these resolutions Mr. Fillmore voted side
by side with such Abolitionists as John Quincy
Adams, Giddings, and Slade.
On the 13th of December, Mr. Wise asked leave
to offer his resolutions, which he declared em-
bodied the sentiments of the South. Mr. Fillfljbre
voted against a suspension of the rules, that they
might be considered. The ^resolutions of Mr.
Wise are:
«1. Resolved, That Congress has no power to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, or in the Territories of
the United States; whether such power in the said District
or Territories if exercised' as a means, or with the view, of
disturbing and overthrowing slavery in the States, or not.
"2. Resolved, That Congress has no power to abolish the
slave trade, or prohibit the removal of slaves between the
States, or between the States, and the District of Columbia
or Territories of the United States.
" 3. Resolved, That Congress cannot receive or consider
petitions for the exercise of any powers whatever over the
subject of slavery which Congress does not possess.
"4. Resolved, That the laws of Congress alone govern in
prescribing and regulating the mode and manner in which
fugitive slaves shall be apprehended, and their rights to free-
dom held in the non alavebolding States, Districfbf Colum-
bia, and Territories, and the mode and manner in which
they shall be restored or delivered to their owners in the
slave States.
"5. Resolved, That Congress has no power to impose
upon any State the abolition of slavery in its limits, as a
condition of admission into this Union.
"6. Resolved, That the citizens of the slaveholding States
of the Union have the constitutional right voluntarily to
take their slaves to or through a non-slaveholding State,
and to sojourn or remain temporarily with such slaves in the
same, and the slaves are not thereby ipso facto emancipa-
ted; and the General Government is constitutionally bound
to protect the rights of slaveholding States ; and that laws
of non-slaveholding States in conflict with the laws of
Congress providing for such protection are null and void."
On the *same day, Mr. Slade asked leave to
submit the following resolution:
" Whereas there exists, aad is carried on between the
ports in the District of Columbia and other ports of the
United States, and under the sanction of the laws thereof,
a trade in human beings, whereby thousands of them are
annually sold and transported from said District ta distant
parte of the country, in vessels belonging to citizens of the
United States; and whereas such trade involves an outra-
geous violation of human rights, is a disgrace to the country
by whose laws it is sanctioned, and calls for the immediate
interposition of legislative authority for its suppression ;
therefore, to the end that all obstacles to the consideration
of this subject may be removed, and a remedy for the evil
speedily provided:
" Resolved, That so much of the fifth of the resolutions
on the subject of slavery, passed by this House on the 11th
and 12th of the present month, as relates to the' removal
of slaves from State to State,' and prohibits the aetion of
this House on ' every petition, memorial, resolution, prop-
osition, or paper touching' the same, be. and hereby is,
rescinded."
Mr. Fillmore voted with the Abolitionists to
suspend the rules, that they might be submitted.
On the 31at of December, 1839, first session
Twenty-Sixth Congress, Mr. Coles moved a sus-
pension of the rules for the purpose of offering
the following resolution:
" Resolved, That every petition, memorial, resolution,
proposition, or papers, touching, or relating in any way, or
to any extent whatever, to the abolition of slavery in tiie 1
States of this Union, or either of them, or in the District of
Columbia, or in the Territories of the United States, or
either of them, or th« removal of slaves from one State to
another, shall, on the presentation thereof, witheut any
further action thereon, be laid upon the table without beine
debated, printed, or referred."
ruf*F FiUmore voted against suspending the
On the 7th of January, 1842, Mr. Giddings, of
Ohio, presented a memorial from Ashtabula
county, in his district, praying Congress to repeal
the laws sanctioning the transportation of persona
j as slaves in any vessels of the United States
sailing coastwise froiti one State to another, and
to pass laws establishing their freedom. The
: reception of the memorial was resisted by Mr.
Wise, Mr. William Cost Johnson, of Maryland j
and Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina, who moved
to lay the question of receiving the petition, which
carried the petition with it, on the table—Mr.
Fillmore voting in the negative. At that time Mr.
Fillmore could have wielded an influence which
might have been potent for good. Admitting all
his friends now claim for him, pandering then to
sectionalism and Abolitionism he aided in raising
a storm which he afterwards could not control.
When he was nominated for the Vice Presidency,
it was not pretended, even, that he wassAind on
the slavery question; and he was supported by
his party in the South merely because he was the
nominee for the second office on the ticket with
! General Taylor.
Mr. Fillmore succeeded to the Presidency at an
j extraordinary period in our history. The coun-
| try was then rent with civil commotion and sec-
tional strife; and if he had intended to conduct
the Government upon high national principles,
and " calm the troubled waters," he would have
selected as his constitutional advisers men of en-
larged patriotism and tested devotion to the Con-
stitution. Instead of doing so, all his appoint-
ments in the North, and every member of his
Cabinet, taken from a northern State, had advo-
cated the exclusion of slavery from every foot of
our national domain. At the head of it was Mr.
Webster, who, in a speech in the Senate on Mr.
Clay's resolutions, avowed himself in favor of
the Wilmot proviso, and declared that he was
ready at any moment to vote for it, whenever it
was necessary to exclude the South from our
common territory. I call your attention to an
extract, which I will read, from his speech:
j " For myself, I will say, that we hear much of Hie an-
i nexation of Canada; and if there be any man of the northern
1 Democracy, or any one of the northern Free Soil party, who
supposed it necessary to insert a Wilmot proviso on a terri-
toijal government for New Mexico, that man will of course
be of opinion tbatit will be necessary to protect the everlast-
ing snows of Canada from the foot of slavery by the over-
i spreading wing of an act of Congress. Sir, whenever there
is a particle of good to be done—whenever there is a foot of
land to be stayed from becoming slave territory, I am
ready to assert the principle of the exclusion of slavery. I am
pledged to it from the year 1837. I have been pledged to
it again and again, and I will perform that pledge ; but I
will not do a thing unnecessarily thttt wounds the feelings
of others, or that does disgrace to My own under standing."
Mr. Corwin, of Ohio, another member of his
cabinet, at the very time that General Taylor and
General Scott were triumphantly and gloriously
bearing out flag against a foreign foe, and upon a
foreign soil, where the bones of many of our gal-
lant soldiers are now bleaching, uttered in the
Senate the following infamous sentiment, that if
he were a Mexican, he would " meet them with
bloody hands, and welcome them to hospitable
graves."
But gentlemen tell us that, by signing the com-
promise measures, Mr. Fillmore entitled himself
to the confidence and support of the South. Sir,
the South lost a splendid empire on the Pacific, and
gained nothing by these compromise measures
but the fugitive slave law, to which it is well
known .Mr. Fillmore was opposed, and was only
induced to sign it after it had been pronounced
constitutional by the Attorney General, Mr.
Crittenden. I have before me a copy of the
" Republic, " which was the organ of his Admin-
istration, vindicating him from the assaults of a
Massachusetts Abolitionist for approving it, for
the reason I have stated, to which I call the atten-
tion of the committee:
" Fugitive Law While this bill was before the Pres-
ident for his signature, the question arose in his mind,
which is presented by the resolution of the Boston meeting
to which we have referred, ' Did the bill take away the
benefit of the habeas corpus V If it did, the President would
have been bound to return it to Congress with his objec-
tions. The President, consequently, referred the bill to the
Attorney General for bis opinion upon this point; and aa
