1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Barksdale.
Ho. of Reps.
tUntle and able opinion wu given by thM officer to tbe
effeol that' there is nothing in the Mil in <|tMgtion which
conflicts with Mm? Constitution. or suspends, or was in-
tended to suspend, the privileges of the writ of habeas
'• VY> do not know the views of the President in regard
to the propriety or expediency of this law. The political
■ebon! to which be belongs has always adhered to the doc-
trine that questions of legislative propriety and expediency
b*too* to the representatives of the States, and the rep-
resentatives of the people. It has been Tor years the
staple of Whig complaint that the will of the people has
beeu too often frustrated by a veto of the Executive ; -and
the only question that could be entertained by the Presi-
dent, in view of bis well-settled and well-known convic-
tions of executive duty in this regard, was in respect to the
constitutionality of the provisions of the bill. He enter-
tained a doubt upon the point which he submitted to the
Attorney General, and that doubt was removed by the very
conclusive opinion of Mr. Crittenden, to which we again
Rl'ar our readers."
The paramount issue in this canvass is the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, and the principles
upon which it is basrd. It has been made by
both the Know Nothing and Black Republican
platforms, and the Democracy have boldly ac-
cepted it. Here is the Know Nothing platform:
" 13th. Opposition to the reckless and unwise policy of
the present Administration in the general management of
oar national affairs, and more especially as shown in re-
moving * Americans' (by designation) and conservatives in
pmciple, from office, and placing foreigners and ultraiats
is their places; as shown in a truckling subserviency to
the stronger, and an insolent and cowardly bravado towards
the weaker Powers; as shown in reopening sectional agita-
tion by the repeal of the Missouri compromise ; as shown
in panting to unnaturalized foreigners the right of suffrage
in Kansas and Nebraska; as shown in its vacillating course
on the Kansas and Nebraska question ; as shown in the
corruptions which pervade' soflfe of the departments of the
Government; as shown in disgracing meritorious naval
officers through prejudice or caprice ; and as shown in the
blundering mismanagement of our foreign relations."
Mr. Fillmore, in bis letter of acceptance, in-
dorses this section, and has not hesitated to de-
Bounce the bill. In his Albany speech, he said:
" When 1 left the presidential chair, the whole nation
was prosperous and contented, and our relations with all
foreign nations were of the most amicable kind. The cloud
that hung upon the horizon was dissipated, but where are
we now r Alas! threatened at home with civil war, and
Aon abroad with a rapture of our peaceful relations. I
shall not seek to trace the cause of this change. These are
bets, and it is for you to ponder upon them. Of the preset) t
Administration I have nothing to say, and can appreciate
the difficulties of administering this Government; and if
the present Executive and his supporters have, with good
intention and honest hearts, made a mistake, 1 hope God
■ay forgive them as I do. But if there be those who have
brought these calamities upon the country for selfish or
ambiuous objects, it is your duty, fellow-citizens, to bold
them to a strict responsibility. [Cheers.] The agitation i
which disturbed the peace of the country in 1850 was un- I
avoidable. It was brought upon us by the acquisition of i
aew territory, for the government of which it was neces-
sary to provide territorial administration. Buujt is for you
to say whether the present agitation which distracts the I
country and threatens us with civil war, has not.been reck- !
lessly and wantonly produced by the adoption of a measure ,
to aid in personal advancement, rather than in any public
good."
And at Rochester he was still more emphatic in
his denunciation of the bill than in Albany. The
following is an extract from his speech on that
occasion:
" Those measures, usually called the compromise meas- ;
ures of 1850, were not ia all respects what I could have
desired, but they were the best that could be obtained after
a protracted discussion that shook the Republic to its very
foundation, and 1 felt bound to give them my official ap-
proval. Not only this, but perceiving there was a disposition
to renew the agitation at the next session, I took the responsi-
bility of declaring, in substance, in my annual message, that
1 regarded these measures as a ' final settlement of this ques-
tion, aud that the laws thus passed ought to be maintained, 1
until time and experience sbould demonstrate the necessity
of modification or repeal.' I then thought this exciting
subject was at aa end, and that there would be no further
occasion to introduce it into the legislation of Congress.
Territorial governments had been provided for all the terri-
tory except that covered by the Missouri compromise, and \
I bad no suspicion tb*t that was to be disturbed. I have no ;
hesitation in saying, what most of you know already, that I <
was decided ly opposed to the disturbance of the compromise. ;,
Good faith, as well as the peace of the country, seemed to ;
require that a compromise which had stood for more than i
tbirty years sbould not be wantonly disturbed. These were '■ |
By sentiments then, fully and freely expressed, verbally and ]
in writing, to all my friends, North and South, who solicited j
my opinion. This repeal seems to have been a Pandora's ;
box, out of which have issued all the political evils that now >
afflicted the country, scarcely leaving a hope behind, and
.many, 1 perccive, are ready to attribute all this to our !
'southern brethren. But is this just? [No, no.] It must
be borne in mind that this measure originated with a north-
ern Senator, and was sustained and sanctioned by a northern
President."
I pus over, for want of time, Mr. Fillmore's
Apposition t• the acquisition of Cuba; his procla-
mation denouncing the gallant Crittenden and his
men as robbers and plunderers, and permitting
them to be shot down, without a trial, in violation
of our solemn treaty stipulations with Spain; his
arrest of my distinguished colleague, General
Quitman, when he was the chief magistrate of the
sovereign State of Mississippi, upon an unfounded
and frivolous charge; his pardon of Drayton and
Sayers, convicted of kidnapping slaves out of this
District; all of which indicate his fixed and de-
termined hostility to the South.
_ Sir, Mr. Fillmore's record proves that he be-
lieved petitions to Congress on the subject of
slavery and the slave trade ought to be received
and considered; that he was opposed to the ad-
mission of Texas as a slave State; that he was
in favor of immediate legislation for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia; that Con-
gress has the right to do that indirectly, which it
cannot do directly; that Congress has. the power,
and ought to exercise it, to exclude slave prop-
erty from the Territories; that he believed that
slaves passing coastwise in vessels from one State
to another ought to be made free; that he par-
doned convicted kidnappers; that he was opposed
to the acquisition of Cuba; and that he signed the
fugitive slave law, net because it commanded the
approbation of his judgment and he believed it
to be right, but because his Attorney General
had declared it constitutional; and that he ap-
pointed Free-Soilers and Abolitionists to office.
Sir, I will not pursue this subject further. Mr.
Fillmore stood with the enemies of the South
during his whole public career; and when he is
claimed by his southern friends as true to the
South, his votes ^in Congress, arid hi# executive
acts, rise up as a*c|pud of witnesses to condemn
him.
But, sir, suppose Mr. Fillmore could be Safely
intrusted with the Government in a crisis like
this: what prospect has he of an election? In
many of the northern States, electoral tickets for
him wiH not even be run, and the indications now
are, that there is not the slightest probability of
his succeeding in one of them. In the South, his
most sanguine friends claim for him Maryland,
Kentucky, Tennessee, North Caro.lina,and Lou-
isiana. If he should succeed in all of them, he
would then have but forty-eight electoral votes,
not enough by one hundred and one to secure his
election. But the election might possibly be
thrown into the House of Representatives; and
are the,people of the South prepared for the ter-
rible straggle that must then ensue t Are thev
prepared for the tempest which would then break
upon the country ? Sir, a classification of the
House will show that neither Mr. Fillmore nor
Mr. Buchanan could be elected, and that there is
a mere possibility of the defeat of Mr. Fremont.
The contest, therefore, for the decision of the
people, is properly between Buchanan and-Fre-
mont. Which does the South prefer?
I propose now, Mr. Chairman, to consider for
a moment the Black Republican party. To show
its unhallowed purposes, I give below its plat-
form, together with extracts from the speeches of
some of its most distinguished champions:
" That we invite the affiliation and cooperation of men of
all parties, however differing from us in other respects, in
support of the principles herein declared ; and, believing
that the spirit of our institutions, as well as the Constitution
of our country, guaranties liberty of conscience and equal-
ity of rights among citizens, we oppose all legislation im-
pairing their security.
" This convention of delegates, assembled in pursuance
of a call addressed to the people of the United States, with-
out regard to past political differences or divisions, who are
opposed to the repeal of the Missouri compromise, to the
policy of the present Administration, to the extension of
slavery into free territory, in favor of the admission of Kan-
sas as a free State, of restoring the action of the Federal
Government to the principles of Washington and Jefferson,
and for the purpose of presenting candidates for the offices
of President and Vice President, do resolve:
" That the maintenance of the principles promulgated in
the Declaration of Independence, and embodied in the
Federal Constitution, is essential to the preservation of our
Republican institutions, and that the Federal Constitution,
the rights of the States, and the union of the States, must
and shall be preserved.
" That with our republican fathers, we hold it to be a
■elf-evident truth, .that all men are endowed with the in-
alienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,
and that the primary object and ulterior design of our
Federal Government were to secure these rights to all per-
sons within its exclusive jurisdiction.
" That, as our republican fathers, when they had abol-
ished slavery in all our national territory, ordained that no
person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or. property, with-
out due process of law, it becomes our duty to maintain
this provision of the Constitution against all attempts to
violate it for the purpose of establishing slavery in the
United States by positive legislation prohibiting its existence
or extension therein.
" That we deny the authority of Congress, of a Territo-
rial Legislature, of any individual, or association of imhvid-
; | uals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory of
i the United States, while the present Constitution shall be
i maintained.
" That the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
j power over the Territories of the United States tor their
| gevernment, and that, in the exercise of this power, it ia
both the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit in the
| Territories those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and
slavery.
" That, while the Constitution of the United States was
ordained and established by the people ' in order to form a
more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
, quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
1 eral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty,' and con-
tains ample provision for the protection of the life, liberty,
; and property of every citizen, the dearest constitutional
rights of the people of Kansas have been fraudulently and
i, violently taken from them;
i " Their Territory has been Invaded by an armed force;
" Spurious and pretended legislative, judicial, and exec-
utive officers have been set over tlieni, by whose usurped
I authority, sustained by the military power of the Govern-
| ment, tyrannical and unconsUtutional laws have been en-
| acted and enforced ;
j " The right of the people to keep a4|Bear arms has been
[ infringed; test oaths of an extraordinary and entangling
nature have been imposed as a condition of exercising the
right of suffrage and holding office;
" The right of an accused person to a speedy and public
trial by an impartial jury has been denied;
1 " The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches
! and seizures, has been violated ;
"They have been deprived of life, liberty, and property,
without due process of law;
" That the freedom of speech and of the press has been
abridged;
"The right to choose their Representatives has been
made of no effect;
"Murders, robberies, and arsons, have been instigated
and encouraged, and the offenders have been allowed to go
unpunished;
" That all these things have been done with the knowl-
edge, sanction, and procurement of the present Adminis-
tration ; and that for this high crime against the Constitu-
tion, the Union, and humanity, we arraign that Adminis-
tration, the President, his advisers, agents, supporters,
apologists, and accessaries, either before or after the fact,
before the country, and before the world; and that it is our
fixed purpose to bring the aetual perpetrators of these
atrocious outrages, and their accomplices, to a sure and
condign punishment hereafter;
" That Kansas should be immediately admitted as a State'
of the Union, with her present free constitution, as at once
the most effectual way of securing to her citizens the enjoy-
ment of the rights and privileges to which they are enti-
tled, aad of ending the civil strife now raging in her Terri-
tory ;
" That tbe highwayman's plea, that might makes right,-
embodied in the Ostend circular, was in every respect un-
worthy of American diplomacy, and would bring shame
and dishonor upon any Government or people that gave it
i their sanction:
! " That a railroad to the Pacific ocean, by the most cen-
j tral, practicable route, is imperatively demanded by the
! interests of the whole country, and that the Federal Gov-
: ernment ought to render immediate and efficient aid in its
" construction, and, as an auxiliary thereto, to the immediate
i construction of an emigrant road on the line of the railroad:
'1 " That appropriations by Congress for the improvement
r of rivers and harbors of a national character, require'd for
! the accommodation and security of an existing commerce,
are authorized by the Constitution, and justified by tbe ob-
ligation of Government to protect the lives and property of
its citizens."
t Mr. Giddings, of Ohio :
" I look forward to the day when there shall be a servile
insurrection in the South; when the black man, armed
with British bayonets, and led on by British officers, shall
assert his freedom, and wage a war of extermination against
his master; when the torch of the incendiary shall light up
the towns and cities of the South, and blot out the last
vestige of slavery. And though I may not mock at their
calamity, and laugh when their fear cometh, yet I will hail
it as the dawn of a political millennium."
Senator Wade, of Ohio:
" Thought there was but one issue before the people, and
that was the question of American slavery. He said the
] Whig party is not only dead, but stinks. It shows sigqp
occasionally of convulsive spasms, as is sometimes e.xhib-
I ited in the dead snake's tail, after the head and body have
been buried. j
" There is really no union now between the North and
the South, and he believed no two nations upon the earth
entertained feelings of more bitter rancor towards each
other than these two sections of the Republic. The only
salvation of the Union, therefore, was to be found in divest-
ing it entirely from the taint of slavery."
Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts:
" Every generous impulse of the human heart is with us—
every affection of the human conscience is with us; the
great hopes of the human race are all with us, and we shall
triumph in the end ; we shall overthrow the slave power of
the Republic; we shall enthrone freedom; we shall abolish
slavery in the Territories; we shall sever the national Gov-
ernment from all responsibility for  lavery, and *11 eonnec-
