1182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Barksdale.
Ho. of Reps.
tion with it; and then, gentlemen, then, when we have
put the nation, in the words of Mr. Van Buren, openly,
actually, and perpetually on the side of freedom, we shdl
have glorious allies in the South. We shall have men like
Cassius M. Clay. [Loud applause.] We shall have gen-
erous, brave, gallant men rise upon the South, who will,
in their own time, in tlieir own way, for the interest of the
master and the bondsman, lay the foundations of a policy
of emancipation that shall give freedom to three and a half
millions of men in America. [Enthusiastic applause.] I
say, gentlemen, these are our objects, and these are our
purposes."
In the convention which adopted the platform,
no southern State was legitimately represented.
It was a gathering of the enemies of the South,
of those who have no other inscription upon
their banner than war upon the South and south-
ern institutions. Sir, who is the candidate of
this party for the Presidency? John C. Fre-
mont; who, we are told, is a southern man by
birth and education. He may have been born and
reared under a southern sky. I do not know, nor
do I care, where he was born. BuV if he was,
however, he is a traitor to the land of his birth
and home of his childhood. What claim has he
upon the country ? What experience has he in
political affairs, and what qualifications for the
high position he w seeking? He is a Senator who
has made no record, and ageneral who has fought
no battle and achieved no victory. But, suppose
Mr. Fremont should be elected President of the
United States: what would be the first acts of his
administration? His Cabinet would be selected
from the North; and if that would not be aviola-
tion of the letter, it would be of the spirit, of the
Constitution. His foreign ministers would be se-
lected from that class of the northern people who
would prejudice in foreign Governments the in-
stitutions of the South. All the officers of the
Government would be selected from the northern
States.
Mr. ST ANTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman, upon what authority he asserts that Mr.
Fremont would select his officers exclusively
from the North ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Because, sir, no south-
ern man, in my opinion, would dishonor himself
by accepting office from him. [Great applause
in the galleries.]
Mr. STANTON. They have not been in the
habitof refusing office, so far as my observa-
tion and experience have gone.
Mr. BARKSDALE. They have never been
tendered office by a Black Republican Administra-
tion, and never will be; let the gentleman from
Ohio mark that, sir.
Now, sir, as to the measures of this party, in
the event of its success. First, Kansas will be
hurried into the Union under the Topeka consti-
tution, in violation of law and every principle of
right and justice; next, the Wilmot proviso will
be adopted, and thus slavery put under the ban
of the Government; it will be abolished in the
District of Columbia; the slave trade between the
States interdicted; slavery excluded from the dock-
yards and arsenals, and everywhere else where
the Government has jurisdiction. These, sir,
are the measures of the Black Republican pajty.
They are not all included in the platform-, I know;
but should it succeed, and the Union survives,
they will be fastened upon the country. Sir, I
make no threats; but I tell the gentlemen on the
other side of this House, plainly, as it is my sol-
emn duty to do, as the representative of a hun-
dred thousand freemen upon this floor, that we
submit to no further aggressions upon us; " there
is a point beyond which forbearance ceases to be
a virtue," and that for the future " we tread no
steps backwards." We are done, gentlemen,
with compromises. All that have been made you
f forced upon us; and while we have observed them
_• in good faith, you have shamelessly disregarded
* and trampled them under foot. I hold up before
you the Constitution as it came from the hands
of its immortal authors, northern and southern
men—itself a compromise; we claim our rights
under that, and we intend to have them.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another party in
this contest, and that is the Democratic party.
It had its origin more than half-a century ago,
when the alien and sedition laws were passed,
(hiring the Federal administration of John Adams;
and since that period, amid all the mutations of
parties, it has ever be«n true to the rights and
interests^ of every section of the Confederacy.
Its principles were promulgated by Mr. Jefferson,
illustrated by Jackson and Polk, and are now
making glorious the administration of our present
enlightened and patriotic Chief Magistrate. It is
now, and ever has been, a national party. When
Texas applied for admission into the Union,
fresh from her battle-fields, with her garments all
stained with the blood of her sons, Mr. Fillmore
and the northern Whigs turned their backs upon
her; but the Democracy of the North and the
I South stretched forth their hands to welcome
her, and she was added to the glorious sisterhood
■ of American States. And, sir, how was the
,; fugitive slave law passed ? I point gentlemen to
j the record. In the Senate every northern Whig
voted against, and but three in the House voted
i for it. Here is the vote upon it:
Senate.
Nays. Teat.
Democrats  3 Democrats   18
Whigs  8 Whigs  9
Free-Soiler  I  
— 27
12 - 12
Majority.
House or Representatives.
Nays.
Northern Whigs  57
Northern Democrats  15
Free-Soilers    4
76
Yeas.
Northern Democrats.
Southern Democrats.
Southern Whigs 
Northern Whigs 
15
• 26
5fr:
24 :
3
109
76
Majority    33
Th« vote upon the Nebraska bill shows that no
northern Whig or Know Nothing, in either House
of Congress, sustained it; and that it was trium-
phantly passed by the aid of northern Democratic
votes. There were, in the
Senate. _
N*y*. Teas.
Northern Whigs  4 Northern Democrats.... 14
Southern Whigs  2 Southern Democrats.... 10
Northern Democrats 4 Southern Whigs .. 9
Free-Soilers 3 Northern Whigs, none.
13 33
13 I
  i1
Majority 20 '
House or Representatives. j 1
Nays. Yeas. ! I
Northern Democrats 40 Northern Democrats....44 II
Northern Whigs 51 Southern Democrats.... 56
Southern Democrats  2 Southern Whigs ..13
Southern Whigs  7 Northern Whigs, none.
100 113
100
Majority  13
Sir, if any other proof were necessary to estab-
lish the nationality of the Democratic party, I
have it in abundance before me. Here are reso- ;
lutions indorsing unequivocally the principles of
the Kansas* and Nebraska bill, and denouncing
the agitation of the slavery question. The spirit1
which animated those who passed these patriotic
resolutions pervades the whole northern Democ- '
racy. Here are the resolutions:
Iowa. j
" Resolved, That the Democratic party of Iowa will, in
the language of the Baltimore platform of 1852, resist all
attempts at renewing, in Cdhgress or out of it, the agitation
of the slavery question, under whatever shape or color the :
attempt may be made: and we do hereby declare in the
most emphatic terms our disapprobation of the course pur-
sued by the Abolitionists and fusionists who have brought
on such agitation by misrepresenting and misquoting the
provisions of the Nebraska and Kansas act, and by the pub-
lication of false and libelous statements in regard to the
action of Democrats, and who have prostituted the pulpit
and the Sabbath for the advancement of their personal aims
and the accomplishment of their selfish designs." |
Ohio.
" 1. Resolved, That slavery is a domestic institution, and
that Congress has neither the power to legislate it into any
Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave
the people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject only to tha
Constitution of the United States.
" 2. Resolved, That the right of the people of each par-
icular State and Territory to establish their own constitu-
tion or form of government, to choose and regulate their
own domestic institutions of every kind, and to legislate for
themselves, is a fundamental principle of all free govern- 1
ment, and that it is the selfsame right to secure which our
ancestors waged the war of the Revolution—a right lying at
the very foundation of all our free institutions, recognized
in the Declaration of Independence, and established by the
Constitution of the United States; and we hereby indorse
and reaffirm this now disputed principle."
Pennsylvania.
" Resolved, That in the repeal of the act known as the
Missouri compromise act, and the passage of the act or**an-
izing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, free from
unconstitutional restrictions, the last Congress performed
a work of patriotic sacrifice in meeting the demands of sec-
tional excitement by unshaken adherence to the funda-
mental law.
" Resolved, That this legislation cannot be deemed unne-
cessary, but that it was expedient to meet the questions of
which it disposed, and which could never admit of a more
easy settlement than at present. That we recognize in it
the application to the Territories of the United States of
the rule of 'equal and exact justice to all men,' of all
sections of the Confederacy, which was designed by the
framers of our Government, and which was defined as one
of its essential principles by the immortal Jefferson.
" Resolved, That the Democracy of Pennsylvania, follow-
ing the counsel of some of the wisest statesmen of the
North and South, were ready, on more than one occasion
in the past, to extend the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific, so as to make it the basis of a final settlement of
the question of slavery in the Territories; but when this
proposition was rejected, in 1848, on the ground that it in-
volved an undue concession to the South, by the very men
who now clamor for a restoration of the Missouri line,
there seemed to be but one wise alternative left, and that
was, to refer the whole question of slavery .in the Territories
to the people thereof, to be regulated as they may deem
proper; and we, therefore, cheerfully extend our hearty
suppoitto the policy of the Government as recognized in
the compromise measures of 1850. and embodied in the
laws organizing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska."
And here, sir, are the resolutions adopted by
the Democratic National Convention at Cincin-
nati, on the slavery question. In that convention
every State in the Union was represented. It
was composed of men of determined wills, and
patriotic hearts, who felt the importance of the
crisis, and were prepared to meet it. While each
delegate had his preference as to men, there was
no difference of opinion as to the question which
so deeply and vitally affects the rights and the
honor of the southern States. There were no
majority or minority reports, but the resolutions
met the unanimous approbation of the convention,
and were adopted by a unanimous vote:
" And that we may more distinctly meet the issue on
which a sectional party, subsisting exclusively on slavery
agitation, now relies to the fidelity of the people, North and
South, to the Constitution and the Union—
"1. Resolved, That claiming fellowship with, and desiring
the cooperation of, all who regard the preservation of the
Union under the Constitution, as a paramount issue, and
repudiating all sectional parties and platforms concerning
domesticslavery, which seek to embroil the States and incite
to treason and armed resistance to law in the Territories,
and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must end in
civil war and disunion, the American Democracy recognize
and adopt the principles contained in the organic laws
establishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, as
embodying Ike only sound and safe solution of the ' slavery
question,' upon which the great national idea of the people
of this "whole country can repose in its determined con-
servatism of the Union—non-interference by Congress
with slavery in state and territory, or in the dis-
trict of Columbia.
" 2. That this was the basis of the compromises of 1850
—confirmed by both the Democratic and Whig parties in
national conventions, ratified by the people in the election
of 1852, and rightly applied to the organization of Territo-
ries in 1854.
" 3. That by the uniform application of this Democratic
principle to the organization of Territories and to the admis-
sion of new States, with or without domestic slavery, as they
may elect, the equal rights of all the States will be pre-
served intact; the original compacts of the Constitution
maintained inviolate; and the perpetuity and expansion of
the Union insured to its utmost capacity of embracing, in
peace and harmony, every future American State that may
be constituted or annexed with a republican form of gov-
ernment.
" Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly expressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without
.domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon
terms of perfect equality with the other States."
Standing upon this platform, then, in reference
to the paramount issue involved in this election,
the Democratic party presents before the country
James Buchanan, the patriot and statesman, of
Pennsylvania, for President, and John C. Breck-
inridge, the brilliant orator, of Kentucky, for
Vice President of the United States. Mr. Buch-
anan came into public life forty years ago, and •
had been distinguished alike in the national
councils, in the Cabinet, and as the representa-
tive of his Government at foreign courts. He
opposed the administration of John Q.uincy
Adams, and aided in defeating him and electing
