1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. California Land Claims—Mr. H. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. of Reps.
General Jackson to the Presidency, and was ap- j
pointed by him minister to Russia. On speaking j
of General Jackson on one occasion, he said: |
" I thank Heaven that in these days a military chieftain 1
bag arisen, whose name is familiar to the lips of even the
humblest citixen of this country, because his services live
in their hearts, who will be able, by the suffrages of the
people, to wrest the power of this Government from the j
hands of its present oppressors." * * * '< I trust and
believe that the people of the United States will elevate
the ciuaen soldier to the supreme uuyesty of the Union."
He has ever opposed, with the power of his
peat ability, the encroachments of the Abolition-
ists upon the rights of the South. In 1834, in
the Senate, in opposing the petition of a society.]
of " Friends" for the abolition of slavery in the i
District of Columbia, he said: 1
" By granting the prayer of this memorial, as I observed
on a former occasion, you would establish a magazine of
gunpowder here, froui which trains might be laid into the
surrounding States, which would produce fearful explo-
sions. In the very heart ef the slaveholding States them-
selves you would erect an impregnable citadel, from whence
the Abolitionists might securely spread over these States, >
by circulating their incendiary pamphlets and pictures, the
seeds of disunion, insurrection, and servile war."
Oa the 21st day of December, in discussing the
President's message in reference to the trans-
mission of Abolition documents through the mails,
Mr. Buchanan declared that he " was confident
the gentleman [Mr. Leigh] spoke the language
of every man north of the slaveholding States,
that they deprecated, and would do everything j
in their power to suppress any publication calcu- j
lated to endanger the peace, or to injure the feel- !
ingsof the South." When Arkansas applied for :
admission into the Union as a slave State, Mr.
Buchanan warmly advocated her admission. He
sustained Mr. Calhoun's resolutions <vith regard ;
to the powers and duties of the Federal Govern-
ment on the subject of slavery. He was the
earnest advocate of the annexation of Texas, and,
during the discussion of that subject in the Sen-
ate, he used the following language:
"Whilst the annexation of Texas would afford that
security to the southern and southwestern slave States
which they haye a right to demand, it would, in some re-
spects, operate prejudicially upon their immediate pecuni-
ar; interest; but to the middle and western, and more
especially the New England States, it would, in my opinion,
be a source of unmixed prosperity. It would extend their
commerce, promote their manufactures, and increase their
wealth- The New England States resisted, with -all their
power, the acquisition of Louisiana; and, I ask, what'
would those States have been at this day without that Ter-
ritory ? They will also resist the annexation of Texas with
similar energy, although, after it has been acquired, it is
they who reap the chief pecuniary advantages from the
acquisition."
When the South was willing to settle the sla-
very question, in 1848, by extending the Mis- j
souri compromise line to the Pacific ocean, Mr.
Buchanan advocated it; but when that was re-
jected by the North, and the compromise of 1850
was passed, he indorsed it. I give the following
extracts from a letter written by Mr. Buchanan,
in November, 1850:
" 1st. Agitation m the North on the subject of southern
slavery must be rebuked and put down by a strong and en-
lightened public opinion.
" The fugitive slave law must be enforced in its spirit.
"And what is the character of this law ? It was passed
to carry Into execution a plain, clear, and mandatory pro-
vision of the Constitution, requiring that slaves who fly from
services in one State to another shall be given up to their
master*. The provision is so explicit that he who runs may
read. No commentary can present it in a stronger light than
the plain words of the Constitution."
He is in favor of the acquisition of Cuba, and
indorses the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and will
carry it out in the event of his election.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, briefly and dis-
passionately endeavored to sketch a view of the
approaching presidential contest—a contest, in
my judgment, pregnant with the destinies of this
Union.
Sir, Mr. Fremont is the candidate of a party
which has but one purpose, and seeks to brand
with inequality fifteen of the sovereign States of
this Union. Mr. Fillmore is thqg^presentative
of an oath-bound organization wnich strikes in
the dark, and wars upon civil tuul religious lib-
erty. Mr. Buchanan stands bW>re wie world
without a blemish upon the escutcheon of his
social life; and his long and illustrious political
career shows that he is a statesman of enlarged
and elevated principles, which, if carried out, will
secure the rights of all, and promote the onward
progress and permanent prosperity of the whole
people of the Republic. I will not pause to refute
the stale slanders which his enemies and the ene-
mies of the country have heaped upon him. They
have been again and again refuted, and he enters
upon the contest with the broad shield of his pa-
triotism emblazoned, Sans pew, sans reproche. I,
for one, am proud of the leader we have chosen;
and 1 have every confidence that the banner which
he bears in this great conflict, upon which is in-
scribed, in gilded capitals, " State rights, State sov-
ereignty, State remedies, and civil and religious
liberty," will proudly float in triumph. But if in
this 1 am mistaken, if these eternal principles of
representative liberty and human progress are to
be repudiated, if that banner is to sink in defeat,
with it the hopes of the country will go down
forever.  
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MARSHALL,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
July 30,1856,
On the bill to expedite the issuing of Patents forConfirmed
Land Claims in California.
Mr. H. MARSHALL said: Before I proceed
to reply at large, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman
from California, 1 will read some amendments to
the bill which I shall propose before the bill is
read the third time. The first of these amend-
ments is suggested, because I apprehend, from
the verbiage of the bill as it is now written, that
where a case has been already taken by appeal
from the board of land commissioners, and is
pending in the district court of California, the
ground might be assumed that this law does not
apply to such cases, and that the patent could not
issue until the district court shall act; in other
words, where the appeal has suspended the de-
cision of the board, that the district attorney or
the Attorney General may urge that, not being
res adjudicata by the intervention of the appeal,
there is no confirmation by the board in a legal
sense, and, therefore, the cause must be heard in
court before this law will apply to it. The fol-
lowing amendment added to the bill is, therefore,
declaratory of the intent of Congress, so that the
point above suggested may be met and avoided.
Add to the bill the following section:
Sec. 4. And bt it further enacted, That nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize the further prose-
cution of appeals by the United States naw pending in cases
oflands confirmed prior to the said 1st day of January last;
but all such appeals shall be forthwith discontinued, it
being the intent of this act that no further delay shall be
interposed to prevent the issuing of patents for lands so
confirmed, upon any plea or pretext whatsoever.
The next amendment I have prepared is de-
gigned to avoid a case where the board had con-
firmed a claim which was subsequently rejected
by the district court. I would not have the law
to permit the claimant in such case to go behind
the decree of the district court, and to stand upon
the confirmation of his claim by the board. He
would be at liberty to test the decree of the dis-
trict court by an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States. That amendment is as fol-
lows:
This act shall not be applicable to a case of confirmation
by the board, where the district court may, on appeal, have
have heretofore reversed said confirmation.
The third amendment I shall propose is de-
signed to meet the allegations"of fraud, &c.,
which are made against the land claimants in
California, and to make a fair and bona fide issue
with the views so ingeniously presented by the
Representative from California. That, amend-
ment reads as follows:
After the patent authorized by this act shall have issued,
it shall be lawful for any party interested, by bill in equity,
to impeach and invalidate the same before the circuit court
of the United States for California, upon proof of fraud in
the obtention of the original grant from the sovereign from
whom the concession was obtained, or for an interference
of said patent in its boundary, with another grant from
Spain or Mexico, resting on a superior equity. And said
court may, by injunction, prevent the patentee from enjoying
Mid patent to the extent of said interference, or altogether,
lus the case may be; but no injunction shall issue until the
party complainant shall have executed bond, with surety
satisfactory to the judge of said court, conditioned to pay
to the party defendant all costs and damages (hat said
injunction shall occasion, if the same shall appear to have
been unjustly procured, when said cause is heard.
From all I have seen and learned of the state of
affairs in California, as well as what I deduce from
the remarks of the Representative from that State
who has just taken his seat, there is no doubt
upon my mind that there exists in California two
great interests: first, the land claimants whose
titles emanated from Spain or Mexico prior to our
occupation of that country, and which date back,
in some instances, nearly two centuries; second,
the squatters, from this part of the world, from
France, Germany, Australia, and all other re-
gions of the earth, who have flowed like a wave
over the California lands, and have settled indis-
criminately upon that which was public domain
and that which was previously dedicated by grant
to private uses. These have tried to ignore rights
existing prior to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
and, by an essay to preempt the lands without
regard to the preexisting title, wish to forfeit the
preexisting claims, and to do this by force of the
preemption laws of the United States, although
the United States are bound by a treaty to pro-
tect and to hold those preexisting titles to be good
in the hands of their holders at the date of the
treaty. The gentleman from California recog-
nizes the antagonism of these interests, and the
fact that they are the interests between which this bill
is intended to decide the part which this Government
will take. It is a heavy stake for which the squat-
ters play—no less than all the estates of Califor-
nia upon which they have chosen to settle, and
over which they have chosen to claim proprietor-
ship by virtue of our laws relating to preemptions
of public domain, but at the same time, without
the slightest regard to, or respect for, our inter-
national obligations expressed in our treaty. This
interest has been active in its opposition to the
passage of this bill, not only by the procure-
ment of such opinions as we have heard, but by
pamphlets addressed to the Congress, memorials
sent to committees, and in a variety of forms by
which they suppose opinion may be affected. I
do not complain of this, because it was to have
been expected. I mention it here, particularly,
to prove to you that the squatter interest of Cali-
fornia understands the effect of this proposition,
and wars upon it, because that interest well
knows its effect will be to execute the treaty of
Hidalgo, and to uncover the pretensions the
squatter has set up in that distant country to
other people's property.
I beg your indulgence while I read from one of
the pamphlets circulated here, an objection to this
bill, in which the squatter interest is stated very
succinctly, and which exposes briefly the issue
of parties v^der this bill:
" The bill provides for the relinquishment of all the inter-
i est which die United States may have in and to said lands,
! thereby defrauding the bona fide preemptor 'who settled
upon and improved his preemption claim, believing (as lie,
in many instances, now can prove) that the title was and
; is in the United States. It cannot be questioned but that
! the Government is bound by all the laws of equity to pro-
| tect the preemptor, as there was an implied, if not ex-
j pressed, obligation on the part of the United States so to do,
i when the preemption law, by which he was induced to
make a location and settlement, was passed. It is now
asked if the United States will withdraw its protection from
the settler, and by special enactment favor the speculators
and holders of fraudulent claims ? It is argued that this
, bill does not affect the interests or rights of third parties,
which, however, is contradicted by facts. For instance,if
a patent issue under the provisions of this bill to A, he
; immediately brings suit in the State courts against B and
other preSmptors for possession. They are estopped from
the defense that they hold under the preemption law, and
• from the United States, by the answer, that the United
States has relinquished all title. A's claim was one of the
i number introduced before the board clandestinely, or at
least without timely notice to the Government or the
preemptors, and consequently there was not sufficient time
: allowed to collect rebutting testimony, and it was con-
firmed. TTie case was appealed by the counsel for the
I United States and preemptors, and testimony has subse-
i quently been obtained that will defeat the claimant in the
' district court. A, knowing that his defeat is certain, obtains
a postponement of the trial, and comes before Congress
; asking for legislative interference, which, if successful, will
dispossess hundreds of settlers, and deprive their wives and
! children of homesteads."
I You will perceive, from this extract, that the
I squatter or preemptor, as he prefers to be termed,
t has the terrors of an action of ejectment before
! his eyes, in the event of the passage of this bill;
for it is that he holds up as the grave consequence
of this legislation. " If a patent issue under
the provisions of this bill to A, he immediately
