1194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 30,
34th Conq....1st Sess. California Land Claims—Mr. H. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. of Reps.
brings suit in the State courts against B And
other preemptors for possession." Of course he
does, and that is exactly what I mean to give
him the privilege of doing by this act. That is
the specific intent of the bill. That is exactly
what he has a right to expect this Government
will enable him to do, instead of aiding and abet-
ting other people to enter upon, and waste his
estate by squatting upon it, and despoiling it, and
using it to his exclusion. I say he has a right
to expect it, because you pledged the public
honor and the public faith,by a solemn treaty for
his benefit, that you would enable him to protect
his property held by him under Mexico, when
you made the treaty of Hidalgo, by which he
became your fellow-citizen 
Mr. DENVER. I wish to state, by the per-
mission of the member from Kentucky, that I
had seen the pamphlet from which he read, bwt
had never read it myself. It only is further evi-
dence that any man who investigates this ques-
tion thoroughly must come to the same conclu-
sions.
Mr. MARSHALL. Nor do I know where
the pamphlet comes from.
Mr. DENVER. Itwas handed tome by Gov-
ernor McDougall.
Mr. MARSHALL. He may be the author of
it for aught I know to the contrary. I am not
acquainted with him. I used the paper only to
show that the preemptor understands the effect
of this bill just as well as I do, and seeks to avoid
the very consequence—an ejectment—that I would
enforce. If these men are entitled, under the
treaty, to lands in California, which they acquire
from Spain or Mexico, in God's name, and in the
name of justice, fairness, and international faith,
let them not be despoiled of their rights by any
act of this Government, or by any omission to do
what good faith requires us to perform. Letnot
the United States be made a tool in the hands of
settlers upon these estates to enable the squatter
to deprive the legal owner of his property. Let
us not, under the pretense of separating the pub-
lic domain from private estates, continue, year
after year, to litigate with these claimants for their
property; while our own citizens, and even the
foreigner, comes in upon the estate, and dwells
upon it until, as in the pamphlet before us, he
charges us with bad faith to htm, and talks to us of
our implied obligation to make good the title to
him, should we get out of the way so as to remit
the real owner to his unqualified rights.
I know not what other men intend, but as for
myself I jpish it to be distinctly understood that,
as a legislator of this land, I uphold and sustain
the laws and the treaties of this Government. I
neither countenance the invasion, hQ) American
citizens, of other nations who have not offended
or injured this nation, and with whom this Gov-
ernment is at peace; nor will I lend any counte-
nance to the squatter who attempts to establish
himself upon lands which are held by an honest
claim derived from another Government, by
owners whose rights we are solemnly bound to
acknowledge ana to protect. I consult no mo-
tives of expediency or popularity; but when I
know the right, the right I dare maintain.
Mr. PHELPS. As I understand the gentleman,
he is commenting upon cases of this kind: A
claims a tract of land under a grant from the
Spanish or Mexican Government; that claim he
presents to the board of commissioners, and it
is confirmed. B, however, being of a different
opinion, and believing that the title was not in A,
has gone upon that tract of land, settles upon it,
and claims the benefit of the preemption laws of
the United States. Now, if I understand the pro-
visions of the pending bill, a patent is to issue to
A, (who has the Spanish or Mexican grant.) B
alleges that the grant is forged; and, knowing that
fact, has gone- upon the land, and claims the
benefits of the preemption laws; but he has no
title until he has paid his money to the United
States, in order to acquire the title. Under the
provisions of this bill, the title has passed out of
the United States. Where is the preemptor to be
secured?
Mr. MABSHALL. Nowhere; because B is a
volunteer, and must abide the result of the litiga-
tion between th« United States and the land
claimant.
Mr. PHELPS. But the grant under which A
claims is a forgery. That is the case I put.
Mr. MARSHALL. As a matter of course a
forgery vitiates the grant—fraud vitiates every-
thing; but remember that, in the case you sup-
pose, B has gone upon the land as a volun-
teer, claiming under the preemption laws; and
i while the United States are litigating in the
j forum with A about the grant, B stands mute,
j with this knowledge concealed. Shall he be per-
j mitted afterwards, as a volunteer, to come for-
| ward and reinstitute the litigation in his own
! name, in order to contest a fact which has been
litigated when, if not a party actually, he was a
j privy to the cause ? Parties and privies are al-
| ways^ bound by the decree of a court; and there-
I fore, if B knew the grant was a forgery when the
I commissioners had the cause before them, and
; did not allege it, he is, and should be, bound by
the decree of the commissioners; if he did not as-
certain the fact until after such decree, the court
is opened to him by my amendment, offered this
day, to attack the grant for the fraud in its obten-
tion. Upon any other principle where would
litigation cease ? Has the gentleman from Mis-
j souri ever heard of a case wherein, after a litiga-
tion conjjnenced between two parties, a third
person was permitted to enter under one of the
litigants, pendente lite, yet was, after the decree,
allowed to reopen it that he might allege matter
which was in his possession pending the suit, and
which he did not disclose ? Show me such a case
if you can. When B goes upon land claiming it
asaprefemptor under thelaws of the United States,
he has no other claim than that of the United
States. If the public title does not exist, of
course he can have none. If the United States,
after litigating the question of title, are content
to stop the litigation, and to consent to the fact
that the land belongs to A, B has no right to
complain, because he entered subject to such con-
ditions. Do gentlemen admit that we are bound,
by our obligations, express tr implied, to the squatter
or preemptor, to go on with this litigation for his
benefit ? If so, where shall we stop ? Is there no
resting-place short of the Supreme Court of the
United States? Clearly not, according to the ar-
gument. May we not, then, multiply the tribunals
to which the land proprietor shall be subjected ?
We have the power; and if it is our duty to take
part against the land claimant, and to take the
side of the prefemptor, in defiance of our treaty
obligations, let us pursue the advice of the pam-
phleteer from whose pages I have quoted; for he
proposes boldly, instead of halting in the litiga-
tion, to instituterymother board of commissioners
as a board of review. . But, sir, we are not reduced
to such an absurd position, and surely must real-
ize the falsity of those conclusions to which that
argument leads. Where, then, is to be the point
at which the United States will cease the litiga-
tion with the land claimant?
I have, on a former occasion, read the law to
show that you provided the board of land com-
missioners under the plea that you merely de-
sired to separate the public domain from private
estates, and that, for this purpose, you proposed
the presentation of these claims to your board.
Those men were not compelled to go before your
board, notwithstanding your law, for their rights
are secured by treaty. But the law attempted this
compulsion by the limitation of time adopted,
within which the claimant should establish his t
claim to the board. I have heretofore cited you i
to the laws to prove the unlimited extent to which !
the United States have been and are provided
with counsel before the board to contest the claims,
and to see that none pass which have not been ,
entirely proved. My own opinion is, that the
treaty itself confirms all claims that existed at its j
date by virtue of grants from Spain or Mexico, s
no matter how inchoate, provided the description !
of the land granted has such certainty that it can :
be reduced to a location, and therefore that much i
of your machinery for contestation of those j
claims is a mere establishment for vexation and ,
oppression. I have heretofore shown to you, that
the existing laws have provided for the interven-
tion of the Attorney General of the United States^
in this litigation between the United States and :
California land claimants, by requiring an appeal j
to be taken in every case, no matter how plain, j
subject for its prosecution or abatement to his
will and pleasure; thus placing the execution of
a treaty within the discretion of a single man,
who might keep these cases in court, without
, responsibility, for his entire official term. I
; have shown you the temptations which exist to
abuse these laws, and to continue this litigation
for the profit of clerks, marshals, and attorneys,
, and to the manifest oppression of the real owners.
I have tried, by the amendments I propose to
the bill, to meet, in their broadest sense, all ob-
jections that can fairly exist to the withdrawal
, of the United States from this litigation, by pro-
j viding the means of continuing the litigation by
I any individual or company who may be inter-
ested in the cases of a conflict of grants, or where
fraud is alleged. I again ask, why shall not the
United States withdraw when a court of their
own choosing, of their own appointment, has de-
termined the claim in favor of the land claimant,
and against the Government? Why appeal again
and again ? Why not leave further contest to the
parties who suppose themselves to be parties in
interest, and let them proceed in this litigation,
upon giving bond and security for injunction, as
your laws require in all other cases ? Why shall
we make California an exception to the general
rule ? I suppose myself to occupy the attitude
of a claimant, and I tell the United States to look
first at the obligation they took when I became
a citizen. I ask them, then, why do they per-
secute me? Am I not as near and dear to the
General Government as any other citizen ? Am I
not entitled to have some redress for the damages
which will be occasioned to my property by the
protracted character of this litigation, as other cit-
izens have when their property is put into contest?
Why, sir, your humblest tenant cannot be dis-
possessed without bond and security to pay dam-
ages if the complainant shall fail to establish his
claim. Are you willing to enter into such a bond
to the California land proprietor, when the United
States appeal from a decision in his favor? Are
you willing Government shall become responsible
for the rents, for the waste, for the spoliations of
his property pending the litigation you seem de-
termined to pursue? If you are, let us at least
so modify the existing laws as to give ultimate
redress for injuries to the poor fellows whom we
are grinding to dust by lawsuits we impose upon
them ? If we mean to let the squatters overrun
their property, let us, at least, bear ourselves as
a Government, in an honorable manner by incur-
ring the same responsibilities ourselves that we
impose on other litigants similarly situated. Any
other course is the essence of tyranny, and will,
somehow, meet with retributive justice.
Mr. Speaker, let us take a look behind the
scenes, while this Government plays the part of
litigant in this California business before the
world's eyes.
First. You perceive, accordingto the language
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Denver,]
that we are, day by day and year after year,
becoming involved more deeply, and attaining a
position from which it becomes' constantly more
difficult to do justice. He makes the plea that
" other rights have arisen, during the time we
have been litigating, which we cannot disregard."
Suffice it to say, the rights to which he alludes
are rights held under the United States, and my
reply to it is that, if the United States have no
rights in the premises, the settlers can have none.
But, will not cautious legislators mark well the'
pretensiBns that are set up under color of our title,
and avail themselves of the earliest opportunity
to have that title settled upon the most amicable
basis consistent with the governmental rights and
obligations, and with the rights of individuals?
Will the Government consent to play litigant for
the benefit of the squatter, and at the expense of
its own covenant ?
Second. Much has been said of fraudulent
claims which^re to derive advantage from the
passage of thSr bill. I wish to advert to these
for a moment, for they are made to play a part in
this tran^^tiofl) I have already said that the
Committee on the Judiciary had heard of the
Limantour claim, and that it was confirmed by
the commissioners in February last. That claim
is understood to cover the city of San Francisco,
in whole or in part, and also certain islands upon
