185$.]
APPENPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. California Land Claims—Mr. H. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. of Reps.
which the Government has erected fortifications
at an ejyiense of some millions of dollars. The
pending bill was not originally drawn so as to
exclude that claim, but your committee, under-
standing from an eminent citizert of California,
that a general prejudice existed in the State
against that claim, and a genefal belief that it is
founded in fraud, were cautious to interpose a
limitation as to time, that 'would exclude that
claim from the operation of this bill, and would
leave to Government the largest liberty to litigate
it, so as to express the whole truth concerning
it. At the time the committee reported the bill,
they had heard of no other claim to which such
suspicion was said to attach.
. But now, sir, we hear of the St. Illian or San-
tillan claim, that is said also to cover a part of
San Francisco, and that it is also founded in fraud.
The Representative from California [Mr. Den-
ver] says it covers a considerable part of the city,
and interferes with what is known as the Pueblo,
or city claim.
This St. Illian, or Santillan, which ever he was
called, was a Romish monk or priest, who, before
our conquest, took up a concession near the mis-
sion of*Santa Dolores. The wonder was that he
should have entered such a. poor tract of country—
the explanation is, that he was a religious devr
otee, who desired to be near the mission where he
could enjoy the society of other priests, and could
indulge in the devotions of-his profession. His
claim may interfere with the corporate limits, of
the modern San Francisco, but it does not clash
with the claim of the Pueblo, because it calls for
the line of the Pueblo claim of San Francisco, and
must stop with that line wherever it may be es-
tablished by the judicial decisions. The gentle-
man from California said something about the
impropriety of allowing a patent for the Santilian
claim, and of denying it to the Limantour claim.
I have explained already that, when the bill was
drafted, the latter was stigmatized as affected by
fraud, but not the former; the one involved heavy
governmental interests, but not so the other. In
fact, we heAid then nothing about the Santillan
claim, and never did, until- it became a .point in
this case, to affect the passage of this bill. Sub-
sequent inquiry has led me to believe that the
■claim was fully and conclusively proved before
the commissioners to be just, and that no newly-
discovered evidence can be produced to affect its
validity before a court of justice. This claim is
also spoken of as the Bolton and Barron claim—
they being the vendees or assignees of Padre San-
tillan. This comprises all the information I have
about it. .
The Limantour claim does not interfere with
the Santillan claim, because both call for the line
of the Pueblo claim; but it does interfere with the
Pueblo claim, and covers it. The Santillan claim
does not interfere with the Pueblo claim, because
its boundary calls for the Pueblo line, and cannot
pass it. The Limantour claim runs over some
islands, among whieh, I understand, is that of
Alcatraz, to which Colonel Fremont has some
title; but not so the Santillan claim. The one
was, therefore, excluded, the other is not.
The gentleman from California seemed also to
thinlr it strange that this bill stopped at the quan-
tity of eleven leagues. A word will be sufficient to
explain this. There is a doubt whether the sub-
ordinate officers of Mexico, as viceroys, alcaldes,
&c., had the right to issue greater grants than
eleven leagues; and the Supreme Court of the
.United States has not yet decided that point.
Therefore we thought it prudent to stop at the
Quantity which the judgments of the court had
ecided to be within the jurisdiction referred to.
But if, in any of the cases embraced by the bill,
tHe supposition exists that the claims are vitiated
by fraud or covin in the original obtention of the
grapt, the amendment I have to-day offered will
enable any one interested to impeach the title for
such fraud. I know, of course, as a lawyer, the
ititle could be so impeached, under proper circum-
stances, without the amendment; but it serves to
announce the intention of the law-making power,
and this will operate as notice upon afl whose
rights may be affected, that flic patent issued has
bo conclusive ^Fec^jrand it will come in aid of that
pther section 'of the; bill which was intended to
New Semes—No..75.
save the rights of third parties. While it ena-
I bles one to assail the patentee for fraud, I esteem
! it but fair, because usual, that the possessor of
, the prima facie legal right shall be secured also
against damages and loss. Let not the preemptor
stay upon the land, commit waste, cut down the
, timber, and use the estate until the real owner
i grows gray in a litigation with the United States,
which litigation is conducted withoutany respons-
ibility upon the part of any one to compensate
i the owner for the injury he sustains thereby.
; That, sir, is not just.
i The member from California has read, as part
of his speech, a long essay on the law of mines
and mining,.in the course of which he has intror
' duced extracts from the ordinances of Philip II.,
of Spain. I must confess that my attention-as a
professional man has not been called to this branch
of the science of the law, and I am not prepared
to enter that arena of discussion. My attention,
, however, was attracted by the position assumed
by the gentleman, that the Government of the
: United States has no right whatever to the mines
j or minerals, even on the public lands, in Cali-
j fornia, but that these belong to the sovereignty
! of the State; and that California will hold that
your patent does not pass the title, even to one
I who preempts a tract of-public land, to the mines
! or minerals such land may contain. This is the
| doctrine of free-mines, as they call it in Cali-
fornia, and it is utterly at war with the common-
law maxim, " Cujus est solum ejus est usque ad
eielvm." Can such a doctrine receive the sanc-
tion of the .American Congress? If anything
could urge me as a legislator to hurry my pace in
bringing California titles to a aettlement,and m
adjustingjthe relative rights of the State and Fed-
eral Government to the public landsin California,
it would be the bold proclamation we have this
day heard from the' Representative from Cali-
fornia. If his doctrine is law, or if his State can
successfully carry out Iris declarations, I would
not give anything for the rights of the United
States to the lands, even at the termination of the
long litigation in which he advises us to engage.
Shall we be told that j in a {country acquired. by
treaty, at great expense, this Government has
only a limited right to the public land ?—-when it
grants.a patent to A, according to the usual form,
that the sovereignty of California will enforce
the doctrine that B and C are allowed to cut his
fields with ditches, and erect upon his soil estab-
lishments for smelting, build furnaces and refin-
eries, and. everything else which may be desirably
for (inning; operations ? As a  agriculturist, I
iwoiila,giv -but,tittle for a farm upon such condi-
tions; arid I would not expect any stability where
such a doctrine prevails. The crowning glory of
our system ever has been, that, with a patent for
liis land in hand, the American citizen is the lord
of his own soil. The peculiar bulwark both of
English and American liberty has been for cen-
turies the tenures by which their landed interests
were secured—the fact that the great body, of
their agriculturists were lords of the soil, they
cultivated, instead of serfs or villeins of a crown,
or socialists, holding all in common. Strike this
grand distinction down, and your blow will be
felt at the very root of the tree of liberty. What,
sir! establish upon patented land in this country
the doctrine that the owner of the land does not
own the mines or- minerals, but that every wan-
derer may come upon it to " prospect' for a
mine, and can establish a servitude upon your
fee, by way of usufructuary interest in the min-
eral® he shall discover upon the land; and that
this servitude, so to speak, shall carve a particu-
lar estate out of the property, which will post-
pone your enjoyment of the land! We'do not
hold 1 finds in America subject to such molesta-
tions,-and I hope we never will, When we da-,
we shall fall as Spain did. .
Mr. DENVER. I will ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether he is pot aware that the doc-
trine he denounces la precisely the rule of the
common law,? ,
Mr. MARSHALL. I am npti The maxim
of the law I have already quoted is the rule of
the common law of England—that the owner of
the soil owns to the center of the earth, and above
it to the heavens. If the Crown has reserved
minerals in particular localities, by particular
customs, the reservation is an exception to the
rule, and not the rule itself. When I obtain a
ritent to land from this Government, at all events
understand that it carries with it the title to all
the minerals upon or within the land, and that no
man has a right to come on that land to work
a mineral " lead " he may have discovered, and
tell me that I am pnly entitled to a ratable pro-
■ portion of his earnings from it, while he may
dedicate to his own uses as a miner, so much of
my property as may be essential to his mining
operations. J^ear Galena, in Illinois, they mine
lead ores. Does the doctrine asserted by the
.gentleman from California obtain there ?
Mr. DENVER. I admit that the rule to which
I have referred applies to gold and silver only,
and not to the baser metals.
Mr. MARSHALL. At Dahlonega and in other
places, they procure gold from mines or wash-
ings; does the rule obtain there? I dare say no
such rule exists but that the proprietor of the land
is the proprietor of the metals. The gentleman
says the property in the mines of California be-
long to the sovereignty. Well, sir, as to the
public lands, who is the sovereign? California
as a State has the right to make laws to rule the
people on the soil, but the primary disposal of
the soil belongs to the United States, and also the
character of titles which the United States will
give to it. Can California pass a law that the
title from the United States to land in her bound-
ary shall not convey the fee-simple, but only a
lease for years ? Can she determine that the Uni-
ted States patent shall not convey the minerals
upon- the lands of' which the United States hold
the disposal, but that the title shall only be good
for agricultural purposes? No, sir. . This Gov-
ernment holds the right to the public lands ip
California that it acquired from Mexico—that
was the sovereignty. We established a State in
California, and the political rights of a sovereign
State passed to her by that act;-but the rights, t 
the public lands remained to the United States,
and the sovereign right to make such laws as we
choose for the disposal of those lands and for thp
character of titles we think proper to convey to
them. This is no unusual thing, sir; we have
the same rights in all the States where this Gov-
ernment holds public lands. Soyereignty "con-
sists, according to the definitions pf the puwicikrts,
I believe* in the right^f eminent domain and the
■rights empire. Under the first, the sovereign
makes " all needful rules and regulations for the
-primary disposal of the territoryand under the
other, the sovereign establishes -the government
in all places, of the persons on the soil, the general
lawsof the State,and all local laws. In this coun-
try we have instances of one State holding the
right to govern the disposition of the lands in an-
other State, free from the control either of that
State or of the United States. I.will mention the
instance of Virginia. When she tiededthe north-
western territory to the United States she reserved
the right to donate one hundred and fifty thousand
acres of land opposite the falls of the Ohio to the
officers and men of Colonel George Rogers Clarke's
regiment, for that most gallant exploit—the cap-
ture of the Kaskaskia towns. The United States
took the cession eum onere. After a while the
State of Indiana was established, and this land
was in its boundary. Indiana cotild make no
laws for the disposal of this soil. She could make
the general law of taxation of real estate in her
boundary, and that tax was raised from this as
from other.Jands; she could pass laws to govern
the people on that soil; but the right to make
the laws regulating the primary disposal of the
soil remained to Virginia, and for years and yews
and years she appointed commissioners to man-
age it. ■ The supreme court of Indiana xefers to
her laws in regard to it • as paranaonntto all others,
and acknowledges her right to make Jaws relating
to that subject.
Mr. DENVER. And tkis is precisely a similar
ease. We now ask the same right, to wit: that
the laws of Spain and of Mexico shall be pre-
served in California. • .
Mr. MARSHALL. The laws of Spain do
determine the grant in California when a grant is
made from the sovereign to an individual. What
