1186
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Pearce.
Ho. of Reps.
lie takes by the grant will depend on the law of
Spain, or that of Mexico, according to the date
of the grant, and the tribunal will administer that
law in determining the character of the grant;
but when no grant was made, and the land
remained to the sovereign, the law of the United
States took the place of the law of Mexico from
the date of the treaty of Hidalgo. It cannot be
pretended, surely, that when we bought Califor-
nia, we bought also an irreversible law with it,
attaching to and running with this land ? The
sovereignty passed with the treaty, and from its
date the United States had the power to make the
laws relating to the disposal of the soil. _ When
the United States give a patent to land in Cali-
fornia, we are not to go back now to the law of
Mexico to learn what that patent conveys, but
we consult its verbiage, and determine its effect
tinder our statutes, and by the rules of the com-
mon law of England. Otherwise, if the land
stands in grant under the Spanish or Mexican
law merely, there we consult the Spanish or
Mexican law, to know what passed by the grant,
and to that extent the treaty confirms the grant
of the preexisting sovereign. When the United
States passed the law of 1851, to ascertain the
number and character of grants from Spain and
Mexico that were held in California, they de-
termined in all cases to confirm the grant by
patent from the United Slates. What was in the
grant from Spain or Mexico stands by force of
the treaty; what passes by the patent depends
upon its verbiage, and will be rendered certain
by the decisions of the American courts, applying
to it our own statutes and the common law.
I ask the attention of the House again to the
extract from the pamphlet to which I have here-
tofore referred. It will throw light upon my
proposition, that, before the board of land com-
missioners in California, the preemptors, or squat-
ters, distinctly understand the position taken by
•this Government to be on their side, and against
those whose rights ice hate promised by treaty to protect.
The writer says, in his supposed case: "The
case was appealed by the counsel for the United
States and the preemptors,"&c.
Mr. Speaker, I demand to know if the counsel
of the United States is to be permitted also to'be
counsel for the preemptors ? Are you willing to
let it go forth, even to the California world, that
you hear this, and take no note of it? The
counsel of the United States and the preemptors
takes an appeal! Well, this, at all events, ex-
hibits the attitude in which the United Stateshave
stood, by counsel, heretofore, before the commis-
sioners; and leaves no room for doubt that this
Government and the squatters have been running
* common tilt against the interests of those whose
titles were granted prior to the occupation of Cal-
ifornia by our people. When I regard this fact,
I must say for my country, that the sooner she
is relieved from this most humiliating position
the better for her credit and her national honor.
What, sir, shall we make a treaty, securing the
existing rights of property to the occupants of a
country, invite them to a tribunal we create for
the ascertainment of those rights, in order that
we may execute that treaty, and then go into
partnership with a class of intruders on that prop-
erty , and exert ourselves, per fas aut nefas, to wrest
as much of it as we can from its real owners!
When the tribunal with fairness decides against
the Government, shall " the counselforthe United
States and the preemptors" take an appeal, in
our name, to obtain another chance before another
tribunal of our own creation ? For whose benefit,
sir? Is it to the benefit of the United States?
What will we do with the land if the United
■States obtain a forfeiture of the preexisting title ?
Shall we' not immediately give it away to the
Stated Or let it pass, under the law, to the pre-
■emptoi'?' Why not suffer the original occupant,
then, to become the preemptor, if we mast coin
money out of the land ? That, at least, would be
preferable to our present course.
For whose benefit, I repeat, are we to protract
"this system of litigation ?( The answer is, for
the benefit of the squatter, whether he is of our
own people, or comes from a foreign land. I tell
you now, sir, this Government will rue this pro-
ceeding as surely as there is a God who demands
morality and honest dealing from nations as from
individuals. We are neither acting towards the
land claimants of California according to the obli-
gations of our treaty with Mexico, nor are we
acting as a paternal and impartial Government
between different classes of our own citizens. I
cannot comprehend the policy which holds out
the hand of Government full of bounties to the
settler in Oregon, and invites him thither to
accept a gratuity in land, and with the other hand
repels and injures the California proprietor whom
we found in possession, and promised to protect.
" Repel" is not the word: we actually arrange the
meshes of the law to ensnare him; and when he
enters them for the assertion of his rights, we '
urge him on from court to court, until at last, even
if he asserts his title successfully against our
efforts, he must be " weary and old with ser-
vice," and ready to die—a beggar. I shall not
invoke the National Legislature to free this Gov-
ernment from this (in my opinion) most discred-
itable condition, because we are here to perform
our duty—each true to his obligation, as he under-
stands it. I take my own position. I am not
afraid or unwilling to act in this matter. It may ■
be delicate; we may have difficulties in executing
our duties in this business; interests may have
grown already by our own laches, which will
yield unwillingly to the law, and may consider it
injustice for us to withdraw from a partnership
with them, to make war upon the land-owners
of California for their property. I will not be
: frightened by the whisperings that fraudulent
| speculations will be made in California estates in
the event of the passage of this law. I will not
stop to weigh the comparative amount of Vrong
j between those who get property by forcing a weak
grant through a court, and those who use a court
to get property without any grant at all. It is
not my business to descend to this computation.
I am a legislator to look to the obligations of this
. Government, and to perform them at every hazard.
I see, in the case before us, the former occupants
and proprietors of lands in California coming
with tattered garments and wo-struck counte-
nances, and with ottr treaty in their hands, appealing
to us for justice and for protection against oppres-
sion. I behold, on the other hand, the crowd of
adventurers who have left other lands, and have
I settled California, and they bring our preemption
j laws as their warrant for their entry upon the
property of the original Catifornians. I do not
nope to harmonize these interests. It is im-
possible. Nor will you have peace long in that
country unless we act and act decisively in this
matter. I take the treaty in my hand, which I
know we are bound to execute by all that is
sacred in the plighted faith of the nation and of
good morals. I go to the tribunal to ascertain the
right of the man who claims under that treaty;
and when the tribunal has once pronounced his
right, I am not only prepared to submit to the
decree, but I am ready to protect his right and W
enforce it. I am not willing to continue factiously
to oppose his right, or to go from court to court
litigating it for the benefit of his adversary. I
will withdraw the Government from the litigation
at the first favorable opportunity. That is all this
bill proposes. The gentleman from California
replies, that by such a step I do a great wrong to
the squatter interest. I rejoin that if those peo-
ple have an interest in the boundaries of any
Spanish or Mexican grant, I will throw open the
doors of our courts of justice to let them litigate,
but I will not keep the United States in court
warring upon a part of their own people for the
benefit and advantage of another part. If you
have a claim, exhibit it in your own name; if
fraud has been committed, come forward and
show it upon your own responsibility and at
your own expense. If you commit waste you
must anwer for it. If you wish to impede others
in the enjoyment of their right of property, give
bond that, if you are wrong, you will compensate
them for the damage your course occasions. Do
not seek further to impose this upon the Govern-
ment of the Urtited States. Let that be as it ever
should be, eqttallv impartial and paternal to
all its people, without distinction as to State.
The bill upon your table hath this extent; no
more.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN J. PEARCE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the House op Representatives,
August 9, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
Htate of tbe (Jnion—
Mr. PEARCE said:
Mr. Chairman: I have been desirous, for a
long time, to express my views and feelings on
the great question that is agitating this mighty
nation from its center to its circumference, but
my feeble health has prevented the execution of
that purpose until the present time; and even now
I find myself so much debilitated that I can hardly
hope to carry out my desire successfully.
Sir, my feelings are deeply interested in the
absorbing question; and while I shall at least
attempt to say something expressive of the senti-
ments of my constituents, it is not my intention
to add fuel to the fire. No, I am free to say that
a spirit of an inflammatory character has been
manifested to too great an extent by both "sides of
the House; and I would much rather, were I able,
pour oil upon the wounds than deepen or aggra-
vate them.
Our common and beloved country is at this
time in a state of excitement that is indeed alarm-
ing; never before was it equaled. There may
have been as much feeling and bitterness in other
years, both in-this House and in the other end of
the Capitol, by the representatives of the people,
when the question of slavery extension was being
discussed, and when that question had reached a
crisis. But, sir, the feeling and excitement then
were, comparatively speaking, confined there;
now, the mighty people are moved; they are like
the ocean, blown into tempestuous commotion by
the fury-winds of heaven. Yes, sir, all that has
passed heretofore, is only as " the cloud no larger
than a man's hand"—but look you now: see how
that cloud has increased until it darkens the whole
heavens, and East, West, North, and South, you
see the flood is coming! Yes, the great crisis
has arrived, and must be met; and, Mr. Chairman,
what is the cause of this lamentable state of
things? You see the two great sections of the
country battling with each other. A mighty strug-
gle is going on; and I ask for what? And let the
answer go home to every American's heart like
a thunderbolt: It is a struggle between slave labor
and free labor; and that not in the States where
slavery is established, but in the Territories which
are"held in common by the Union! You may
look at the question in whatever light you please;
you may connect with it other side issues, but,
sir, it resolves itself into this one question: shall
slave labor or free labor succeed in the Territo-
ries? Our southern brethren have reasons and
interests which prompt them to toil that slave
labor may succeed; and the North, the West, and
the East, have reasons for struggling that free
labor may prevail; and, sir, I propose to notice, in
a general way, the reasons of both.
The great question of the South is that of self-
interest. Every new slave State runs up a hand-
some per centum upon every negro owned in the
South, by creating a demand for them; and as
the principal wealth of the South consists in hold-
ing human beings in bondage, (the right or the
justice of which I have neither the time nor the
inclination to discuss at present,) the more slave
territory that is added to the Union, the greater
the demand; and of course the institution, which
they say, and say truly, w!as entailed on them,
spreads in a corresponding ratio, with all its
national evils.
But the South has another reason why they
desire slave labor to succeed, and it is this: that
they may maintain their representative strength
in the Senate and House. On what other ques-
tion does the North and South differ about, to
make them jealous of superior numbers in their
representative force, any more than the East and
the West? Does the North or the West com-
plain when either adds to their representative
strength ? No; nor would the South, were it not
for the slavery question. Does not, then, this
