185&J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
34TH C0N0w.i 1 st SESS.
■ Slavery tymstioto-~Mr. Sage.
Ho. of Reps.-
compact, at the thoughts of the oppress on and
degradation "th&t'fftllOw in the train of this social
and political curse, the free men of the free North,
and free men from-all cliraes,and all time-to come.
Will arise and drive back the tawIeSiS invaders'
and their border ruffianarmy, and erect the star- i
spangled banner—that emblem of freedom—
where all men may go and partake of the benefits
of our free institutions, as provided for by our
forefathers; and" in' accordance with the letter^'
spirit, and intent, of the Missouri compromise
act. Well, sir, thi* breath -of faith in tha repeal
of the Missouri act was effected by making' an-:
other plight^of faith; that is, by providing that
the settlers of Kansas " should be perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way." , I
On the strength of this last clause, and relying
on the fidelity of the Government-of the United'
States, many people frorA the different States of
the Union emigrated to and settled in Kansas; and
what haa been the result? Has the Executive, or
Congress, kept their promise, and executed that
law} No, sir, it has not been done; the disclos-
ures made by the reportof the special.committee
sent to Kansas establish the fact, that, of the
6,331 votes cast in March, 1855, for the election
of the Legislative Assembly of-Kansas, 4,921 of
them were cast by armed bands of the inhabitants
of Missouri, who invaded Kansas for that pur-
pose on that occasion; that only l,4101egal votes
■were cast, and a majority of those- were for the i
free-State candidate, though most of the free- j
State voters were driven from the polls. This j
invasion extended to all the council districts, and ;
to all the representative districts but one, and
elected and controlled a large majority of both
Houses. The people in the Territory have not ;
been left free, but have had their homes invaded
and subjugated; and they are, and their institu-
tions have been, controlled by the people of Mis-
souri; the arms of that State ha.ve been used
against the free-State emigrants going to Kansas,
by the tyrannical laws passed by that Assembly,
and more tyrannically enforced by the officers by
them appointed. The President of the United
States has aided to enforce these laws, passed by
usurpation and fraud. The ^complaints and ap-
| oppressed and subjugated, have appealed toCon- |
j gress for relief; they have complained and strug- j
i gled in vain. They have done as the people of j
| the Territory of Michigan and Caiifomiahad done
before them; that is, formed a State constitution, !
inviting all to participate therein, and presented i
the same to Congress for admission; but all suph j
attempts have but brought down pn them the re- :
proacn of being traitors, and subverters of author- |
lty, and, in the language of the Senate's report: ,!
" Abandoned to thfeir oppressors, foe-State people of 1
Kansas have been pursued By them in the same spirit which
made the invasion. The acts of said Assembly have by
their officers been made the color for all forms of political j
persecution And oppression. Indictments for constructive ]
treasohs and pretended nuisances deprive them of liberty j
and destroy their property. Under the form of sheriffs i
posse, armed bands of people from without the Territory I
prowl over it, and take and destroy property and lives, and :
intimidate and drive off the free-State people. These peo-
ple have thus, for several months past, beeri'harassed and1
scattered, and any attempt at self-defense has been re-'
pressed by the Army of tlie Unitpd States, or been declared
eonstructire treason,'and treated accordingly. The settlers
have thus, in large numbers, been driven from their settle-
ments, and from the Territory. This is but a brief and
feeble statement of the facts. A full picture of the public
atrocities and private.violence which have been committed
With impunity upon the free-State people of Kansas, would
excite and arouse the deepest sentiment of indignation.
" It would seem to be demanded by & sense of common
justice, and by what this nation owes as well to the cause
of truth as to its own character and self-respect, that in-
quiry should be made, and usurpation be subdued, and the
public faith be redeemed, by redressing all the wrongs pro-
duced by such means. This is not proposed, nor is the law
of repose to be restored, or the constitution already formed
to be allowed.
" But instead of this, it is now proposed to consummate
the whole by leaving usurpation is possession ofrts power,
and provide no security for those- they, imprison,-oppreBS
and disperse, but provide that those now there, and those
duly, shall determine the definitive conditwn of that Ter-
ritory, By now forming a State constitution. This is bdt to
encourage violence by rewarding it with success; to sup-
pose that any result of such -an experiment will produce?
definitive national peace and satisfaction is to suppose the
people of this country blind to the power of ordinary dis-
cernment, or lost to every sentiment of justice and Hu-
manity.'?
This, Mr; Chairmafi, is a brief historical state-
ment of the acts of outrage, violence, and crimes,
that the poor, unfortunate free-State people in
Kansas have been com'pelled-to submit to.
Having thus spoken of the causes of the present
isis in domestic affairs, I proeeed to consider
ped/ of .h. people in said Territory l,.ve been ^o^iSd «S .d'by the
of the free-State people has been-destroyed and
stolen; their buildings have been burnt; theirprint-r
ing offices have been suppressed to prevent theis
making known the oppression,crimes, and atroci-
ties, under which they were subjected; the people
have been hunted out, they have been hung, they
have been murdered ;their cattle killed in their pres-
ence; they have been warned, one, after another,
to leave the Territory; they have been driven out
of the Territory, by violence,in large numbers.
Yes, Mr. Chairmant you way find them fleeing
from the midnight blaze of their own dwellings.
You may find their bones bleaching on the green
I believe to be the extension of human slavery
into Kansas and Nebraska. :
Down to the period of the commencementof
, the first Congress tvnder'General Taylor'sadmin-
istrationWheti a sthill number of Representatives
from the South, led by two Representatives from
Georgia, [Toombs and Stephens,] defeated the
i reelectionof Hon. Robert C.WinthrOpas Spe&ker
| of this House, because he would not commit him-
1 self by a pledge on the subject of slavery such
as no honorable man could give, the principles
of the Missouri restriction,had been voted for or
approved of by most of the eminent and leading
statesmen at the South. Even President Polk
fields of this new country. You may find them j. j^^pproved of ifin the act organizing the Ter-
driven off to a returnless*distfihce frOfn their coun- j|  _ ? /%•/%**  +v ia nonn/l   daw
try and their homes. You may find some of
them here, at the capital of the nation, this very
day, who have been indicted ,by this mockery of
justice in Kansas,for construct! ve treason, implor-
ing the Executive and beseefching Congrefes to
do something, so that they may be allowed to
have a fair and impartial trial, by a change of place
of trial to St. Louis, or any other place, except
in Kansas, where there is not the first principle
of justice administered towards free-State men.
They ask this, that they may be tried, and then
return to their homes in-Kansae-. • -Welt, sir, up
to this time no measure, except in this House,
has- been instituted to fenret out ihe wrong under
which the free-State pettpl0*in Kansa* have auft
fered; and, in myhumble opinion, but foei the
Hendiag dutof the committee from thisi House?
civil war .would Oow be waging beyond the limits
of the i oppressed and, outraged infont Territory of
Kansas and morebiood yeceraffli rwouia have been
enacted- outside than-in said'Territory. Fortu-1
nately, however* for humlanity'* sato,a majority
ef this .House were' true to the-great: principle at
the.formation -of'tliis Republic,'which was to
establish Liberst um fckitfanilt■■
Mr. Chairman, tfa* people1-of KatisaB, thus
ritory of Oregon. .13ut from this period a- new
doctrine was proclaimed in behalf of the right of
1 the slave power to extend slavery into any of the
| Territories of the United States, on the ground
of its existence prior to the. adoption of the Con-
! stitution.and, therefore, it is claimed that slavery
is not dependent upon or subject to any of the
provisions.of the Constitution. "Well, sir, this is
a little, ahead of any higher law that I know of.
I believe we have power over the subject of
slavery in.the. Territories.. So thought and so
acted the Congress in 1820,,when the .South
passed the "Missouri compromise act,'and
\yhen Charles Pincknev wratethe follqwing letter
rejoicing over the result of passage:
CoWREsg Hall, March-2,1820,
'« 'Inree o'clock at night.
Dear Sir: I HasWn to iflfbrm you that this moment
We ftaVe carried the question to admit Missouri, and all
Louisiana to the southward of-36° 30', free of the restriction?
(Vf slavery, and givetbe South, in a short'tiiWiVWi addition
ofperhaps eight? members to the Senate of ttoe "United
Ststt*s. It is considered hereby the slavehoMing States as
a great triumph. ■   * * *
With respect, your ebedWnt Ben^,^ PINCKNEV.
So thought the Congress of 1784, whose powers
on this subject, under th  Articles of Cwifedera-
tion, were no greater than those of Congress under
the Constitution, when Thomas Jefferson, from
the committee appointed to prepare a plan for the
temporary government of the western territory,
introduced the following resolutions, which were
adopted:
" That the settlors within the tertitory so to bep«r?hased
and offered for sale, shall, either on their own petition, or
on the order of Congress, receive authority from, themv with
appointmentH of time and place, for their free males of fult.
age to meet together for the purpose of establishing a tem-
porary government, to adopt the constitution and laws of
any on« of these States, so that such laws nevertheless is hall
be subject to alteration by their ordinary Legislature*, and
to erect, subject to a like alteration, counties or townships
for" the election of members for their Legislature.
"That such temporary government shall only continue
111 force in any State until it shall have acquired twenty
tlioasftnd free inhabitants, when,giving due proof thereof
to Congress, they shall receive from them authority, with
appointments of time and place, to call a convention of
representatives to establish a permanent-constitution and
government for thenlselves: Provided, That both the tem-
porary and permanent governments be established oil these
principles as tlierr basis:
"1. That tliey shall forever remain a pan of the United
Statesof America.
" 3. That in their persons, property, and territory, they
shall be subject to the Government of the United States in
Congress assembled, and to the Articles of Confederation, in
all those cases in which the original States shall be so sub-
ject.
!' "3. That they shall be subject to pay a part of the Fed-
eral debts, contracted or to be contracted, to be apportioned
| on them by Congress, according to the same common rule
and measure by which apportionments tlicrtol sh^li be
made on the other States.
! "4. That their respective govemm«mts shall be in repub-
lican forms, and shall admit no person to be a citizen who
holds any hereditary title.
" 5. That after the year 1800 of the Christian era, there
shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in any of
the said States, otherwise than in punishment of crimes,
wliferfcof the party shall have been duly convicted to have,
been personally guilty."
This, Mr. Chairman, was Thomas Jefferson' 
view of the power of Congress over the subject
of slavery in 1784, not only in the Territories,
but in the States to be formed out of the Terri-
tories. So jthbught the Congress in 1787, when'
the 'ordinance pf that date was adopted, excluding
slavery from the Northwestern Territory. So
thought the Congress of 17f&, under the Consti-
tution, who recognized And confirmed the ordi-
nance of 1789, which was approved by. George.
Washington. So thought the Congress of 1800,
who passed an act establishing a territorial gov-
ernment over the Territory of Indiana, which
was approved J>y John Adams. So thought th®
Congress of 1805, in their act establishing a ter-
ritorial government over Michigan. So thought
the Congress of 1809, in. their apt establishing a
territorial government over Illinois; both of which
last-named acts were approved by Thomas Jeffer-
j son, So thought the Congress of 1834, in ex-
tending the jurisdiction of -Michigan over Wis~
! consin and Iowa, which was approved by Andrew
Jackson. So thought the Congresses of 1836
' and of 1838, in their acts establishing territorial
i governments over Wisconsin and Iowa, which
I were approved by Martin Van Buren. So thought
the Congress of 1848, in their act establishing a,
territorial government over Oregon, which was
approved by James Kr Polk, Mr. Buchanan being
a member of his. Cabinet. So thought the Con-
gress of 1853, in their act establishing a territorial
j government over the Territory of Washington,
approved by Millard Fillmore. In all of the
I aforementioned acts the slavery restriction or pro-
viso of 1787 was incorporated, and slavery ex-
pressly prohibited. So thought Mr. Webster,
in 1850, when he said, " that these compromises
(1850) comprehend every inch of territory not
1 disposed of by previous,legislation." Sothought
, the court in the case of Jones vs. V«ui Zant, 9
1 McLean's Reports,596. The court says:
I " Slavery exists only by virtue of the laws of the Statea
j where <it-is sanctioned; and if a slave escape from sucn
' State to a free State, he is free according to the principles
of the common law;, and recapture in afree State lsautnor-
I ized only by the Constitution and act of Congress. 1 nere
it no general principle in the law of n«tions which requires
such surrender."
! So thought the court in deciding the celebrated
case of Prigg w. The State of Pennsylvania, 16
Peters, 540. The court lays down these propo-
sitions: '
" " Bv the law of nations, ho State is bound to recdpiiee
slavery in ahother State. It is a matter of cOtnrty, and no'
rSr.Sf right. TU. *3W of H«ve, i.
