•1900
APPENDIX TO' THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6.
34tb Gone....1 st. Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sage.
Ho. of. Reps.
or of any State or Territory, of any offense deemed infa-
mous, shall be entitled to vote at any election, or to bold
any office in this Territory: •Snd prorated further, That if
bkv person offering to vote shall be challenged and required
to take an oath or affirmation, to be administered by one
 l the judges of the elecuon, that he will sutton the pro-
visions of the above-recited acts of Congress, and of the
act entitled 'An act to orcani«e the Territories of Nebraska
ttfid Kansas'approved May 30,1854, and shall refuse to
take such oath or affirmation,the vote of sach person shall
fee rejected*"
Merely being an "inhabitant," if the person
Is in favor of tHe Nebraska bill, and of the fugitive
slave (aw, qualifies him as a voter in all the elec-
tions of the Territory affecting national or terri- j
torial politics. The widest possible door is opened j
for the invaders to come over and carry each sue- i
cessive election as "inhabitants" for the time
being of the Territory. But, turn to page 750,
and notice the following provision, section eight,
defining the qualifications of voters at the petty
corporation elections of Lecompton: !
"All free white male citizens who have arrived to ftill
age of twenty-one years, and who shall be entitled to vote
for territorial officers, and who shall have resided within
the city limits at least six months next preceding any elec-
tion, and, moreover, who shall have paid a city tax or any
city license according to ordinance, shall be eligible to vote
at any ward or city election for officers of the city."
Being an inhabitant a day clothes a person with
the right to vote for Delegates in Congress, and
representatives in the Legislature; but to vote
at an insignificant election, in comparison, six
months' residence is required! Am I wrong in
judging that this inverting the usual rule shows
that Missourians are wanted at the one election,
iut not at the other? If any one deems this
opinion unjust, let him study the following sec-
tions of the General Election Law, page 283:
" Sec. It). Whenever any person shall offer to vote, he
shall be presumed to be entitled to vote.
■ " Sec. 20. Whenever any person offers to vote, his vote
may be challenged by one of the judges, or by any voter,
mod the judges of the election may examine him touching
i ia right to vote; and if so examined, bo evidence to con-
tradict shall be received."
These provisions explain themselves without
comment. . ,
, Section five of the act punishing offenses against
slave property, page 604, enacts as follows:
' «If any person shall aid or assist in enticing, decoying,
;<tr persuading, or carrying away, or sendingoutof Ibis Ter-
ritory, any slave belonging , to another, with intent to pro-
cure or effect the freedom of such slave, or with intent to
deprive the owner thereof of the services of such slave, he
shall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and on convic-
tion thereof shall suffer death, or be imprisoned at hard
'labor for not less than ten years.'* ' '
Time will not permit me to go further into these
Kansas laws, which Senator Clayton declared
to be an outrage upon " the rights of the people
tlnd the civilization of the age in which we lire;"
while the Detroit Free Press, the orgiin of Gen-
eral Cass, declared:
" But the President should 'pause long before treating as
'treasonable insurrection' the action of those inhabitants
of Kansas who deny the binding authority of the Missouri-
Kansas Legislature; for, in our humble opinion, a people
that would not be inclined to rebel against the acts of a
•legislative body forced upon them by fraud and violence,
would be unworthy the name of American. If there was
-evei justifiable pauaft for popular revolution against a
usurping and obnoxious government, that oause has existed
Kansas."
■ But, sir. notwithstanding this appeal, the Pres-
ident of the United- States has declared in his
special message to Congress, in hisjiroclamatipn,
'and in his orders ta Governor Shannon and Col-
onel Sumner, through his Secretary of State and
Secretary of War, that this-code of territorial
laws shall be enforced by the full exercise of his
power. He knows of their provisions. He
knows the&e laws are in violation of the organic
.law organizing the Territory, which he signed.
He knows they a re, in violation of the.Constitu-
tion of the United States, which he and we have
sworn to support; and yet ori the 27th of Janu-
.aiy„lasf.,-in lus special message to Congress, he
said-
•' Oar system affordsno justification of revolutionary act;
forthe constitutional means of relieving the people of unjust
'administrations and laws, by a change of public agents and
by repeal, ark amplIs."
Again, in his speech, as reported in the Union
of June 10, made to the Buchanan ratification
meeting, who marched to the White House, he
coolly tb}d them.'
"There will be, on your part, no appeal to unworthy
passions, bo inflammatmy calls for * second revolution,
like those which are occasionally reported as coming from
men who have received nothing at the hands of their Gov-
ernment bat protection and political blessings—no declara-
tion of resistance'*) the laws of the land."
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not stop to allude
lb'the " protection and political blessing?" which
the. people of Kansas have received from the
" hands of their Government." Let the free citi-
zens, driven from Kansas with the sound of artil-
lery ringing in their ears, and the light of their
burning.habitations flashing upon their eyes, as
they turned io lookback to the homes where they
! had been,forced to leave their wives and children
j at the mercy of worse than barbarian foes, answer!
« Let the innocent blood of Dow, Barbour, and
Brown, and other murdered freemen, that has
; stained the soil of Kansas, rise up, and bear
j witness against these false charges of the Presi-
! dent df the United States!
The Democratic Convention at Cincinnati de-
nounced " treason and armed resistance to these
laws" in a marked and special manner. If there
: was any doubt as to the object of this declaration,
the speech of the Senator from Illinois,' [Mr.
i Douglas,] at the ratification meeting in this city
! ft short time since , removes it. The Washington
' Union of June 10 ctaltained these extracts of that
Senator's speech: . .
" The platform was equally explicit in reference to the
disturbances in relation to the Territory of Kansas* It de-
clared that treason- was to- be punished, and resistance to
the laws was to be-put-down." ■ * * • -* *
" He rejoiced that the convention, by a unanimous vote,
had approved of the -oreed that law xAust and shall prevail.
!Applause.] He -rejoiced that we had a standard-bearer
Mr. Buchanan] with so much wisdom and nerve as to en-
orce a firm and undivided execution of those laws."
This, Mr. Chairman, leaves no room ip doubt
as to the course of policy to be pursued by the
Democratic party towards Kansas. I confess,
sir, that W the ajuioiUKseuient of the nomination
of Mr. Buchanaii at. Cincinnati, I entertained
some hope that } e would rise above the party
shackles of the day, and use hie power and influ-
ence in restoring peace and of.dec in Kansas.
But these hope# were of short duration. On
ilve 9t,h of June last he made the following speech
at Wheatland, which I copy entire from a lead-
ing , Democratic paper published at Lancaster,
PennsylTOiJVM
" Lancaster, Pennsylvania, Monday, June 9,1856.
« The ftayfiteae Clubi of Philadelphia, accompanied by
Beck's brass hand, arrived bete, Qu Sunday, at eleven
o'clock,a. ill.,and this morning paid a visit to the HQO, James
Buchanan, at Wheatland, accompanied by a procession of
citizens to the number of twq or three hundred. Upon their
arrival at Wheatland, William B. Rankin, Esq., president
of the club, was introduced to Mr. Buchanan, and said that,
on behalf of the Keystone Club, qver which he had the
honor of presiding, he congratulated him as the nation's
choice, adding that the work which was bat begun they in-
tended to carry on until victory should crown their efforts.
Mr- Buchanan replied as follows:
« GEtiTi.EMBN or the Keystone Club : I give you a
most hearty and warm welcome to my abode. I congratu-
late you, not upon my nomination, but upon the glorious
privilege of being citizens of our great Republic. Your
superiority over the people of other countries has been
fully demonstrated hy the oonduct of a vast concourse
assembled duiing the past week at Cincinnati. Upon any
similar occasion in Europe, the voluntary expression of the
people would have been drowned in martial music, and
their actions controlled by an army with banners. How
unlike the spectacle at Cincinnati, where delegates from
the people of the different States met in convention under
protection of the Constitution and laws, and harmoniously >
deliberated upon subjects of vital importance to the coun- j
try ! Gentlemen, two weeks since 1 should have made you |
a longer speech, but now I have been placed upon a plat- j
form of which t mdst heartily approve, and that can speak i
for me. Being the representative of the great Democratic '
party, and not simply-Jarojes Buchanan,.! inust square my ;
conduct according to the platform of that party, and insert ,
no new plank, nor take one from it. That platform is sul- ;
Ciently broad and national for the whole Democratic party. !
This glorious party, no**' htore than everj has demonstrated
that it is the true conservative party of the Constitution and j
Union. 1p',nLAI)ELpHiA, Monday, June 9,' P. if. j
" The' KeystoneJ Club arrived in this city this evening.
They were fnet at West Philadelphia by a deputation OT
citizens, wlit>,-with nniBic, escorted them through the prin-
cipal stteejs, the procession increasing in numbers ut^
i the.ranks numbered two thousand. A salute of fifty gu*V?
| was' fWed."
! people can long continu(i.to contest the elementary repub
1 lican principles recognized in the territorial legislation oi.
i Congress."
Well, sir, here we have him square on the
Cincinnati platform; no longer James Buchanan,
but nlerged'into and "square" to this platform,
I which declares: '"the American Democracy rec-
j ognize and.adopt the principles contained in the
organic laws establishing the Territories of Kan-
j; sas and Nebraska, as embodying the' only sound
\ and safe solution of the slavery question; that this
! was the basis of .the-compromise of 1850." I have
| shown what the organic laws establishing these
! Territories Were. I have also shown the violation
; of them.by.tlje bogus Legislature of Kansas, and
their approval by.-the President, and now by the
I Democratic Cincinnati Convention. I ha.ve also
jl shown the declaMtfdh and pledge of the Senators
'! and Representatives in Congress in 1850, and its
fullinJ§rSementby the Presidentin his firstannual
j message to Congress in 1853. I have also shown
the faithlessness in the Presided t and his sup-
porters in adhering to these pledges. 1 have also
shown the repudiation Of sill these professions and
pledges by the President and his supporters, and
! with this expose I leave him and them to reflect
i on their inconsistency and wrong, which he and
' they have inflicted on the rights of the people
i and the Stability of the institutions of the country.
| Mr. ChKirman, in passing to the consideration
| 6f other topics, I deem it proper to call the atten-
' tion of the House to the state of affairs in the
State of California, and the conduct of the Presi-
dent of the United States in relation to the same.
It is as well known as it is disgraceful to the
Again, in hisspeeeh at Baltimore, on the oc-
casion of his recent public reception in that city,
lie said: ...
" We have already reached,and almost pasped the dan-
eerous crisis on tlic eubjefct of domestic' slavery. The vpl-
cano is nearly exhausted. The materia! for continued
agitation ooiiongqr. Mists. And why.' Becmwe I hold it
to Im quite vniQusaihle (hat Hy oonsidewW# portion of <w
  io u.o nvii known as it is disgraceful to
nationj that a state of insubordination and anar-
. chy has existed in that sovereign State for months,
j and that, instead of the laws of that State, or of
the United States, being enforced there, a self-
constituted committee has usurped the liberties
: of the people, set aside the ministers of the law,
and taken tire administration and the execution
of their self-ena6ted law? into their own hands.
The'legally-constituted authority of that State,
fay therr Governor, has applied to the President
of the United States for aid to enforce the laws
"and restore order in California; but the appeal has
"been denied, and rib one can now tell when order
and the majesty of the law will again be restored
in that unfortunate State. I enter into no spec-
ulation as to who is right or wrong for the exist-
ing state of things' in California, or upon the
mdtivesof the President and his advisers in re-
fusing aid to the constituted authorities of that
State to'" put down the insurrectionists, and to
restore peace and order; but I wish to say that
[his conduct in this case is very unlike that which
he has caused1 to be enforced oh the free-State
men in the infant Territory of Kansas, in the
; "execute of the bogus and unconstitutional laws
passed by the'bogus arid illegal Legislature of
that Territory. .
Mr. Chairman, I now beg the attention of the
committee to the consideration of the arrogance
and sectional influence of slavery.
' During the long contest, at the commencement
of the present session of Congress For the elec-
tion of Speaker, a leading and distinguished mem-
ber from the State of Alabama [Mr. Walker]
proclaimed:
I " Members from the North seem to think that the reason
1 why the Sotith has had so large a share in our government-
! -al operations lies in the institution of slavery. I toll tnein
they are mistaken ; it lies behind that institution. "19 j°
be found in the admiBWtiative faculty belonging to the eany
Bettlers of the South—the Cavaliers and Huguenots—and
which their descendants have inherited.
Well, sir,,I rejoice in the boldness of this boast
.of superiority,of birth and,blood. I respect and
honor the frapk expression of one's sentiments
as thus given ; but I tell the gentleman that he is
mistaken in the true character of tjie pe°Ple J?1
the North. True, they have not ^oyjid the att-
.vaatege of experience that the people of the aouin
have the governmental affairs of the Govem-
pi£Dtrbut this is solely owing to the sectional and
ffggfftHaive deqa&nds of the slave power. ,
the people of the North will notlwger w-
roajn under thi? vain and boasting charge, they
intend to demand and expect to receive aridtake
their fair and just proportion of the responsibili-
ties in the adwinistmuon of tius Government^
They commence, tkis policy w 0 e election af
