1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1201
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sage.
Ho. of Reps.
Speaker Banks, -without, I regret to say, the aid
of a single vote from a slave State. Yet such is
the power of slavery, that even Representatives
have to bow to its demands and behests, or to go
into private life.
If the people of the North are true to themselves,
true to the best interests of the country, true to
the Constitution and Union, as I know them to
be, they will take the affairs of this Govern-
ment into their own hands on the 4th of March
next; and then the gentleman from Alabama will
have an opportunity of witnessing the honor,
capacity, and justice of the people of the North
to ad minister the affairs of the Government.
I know, Mr. Chairman, that the South sneer
at the people of the North, and proclaim that,
although they are the descendants of the Puritans
of Plymouth Rock, and admit that the sods of
Lexington and Concord, arid Bunker Hill and
Saratoga, and Monmouth and Trenton, and Val-
ley Forge, are their forefathers' sepulchers, in
fighting the battles and in achieving the liberties
of the country; yet they are only considered an
industrious and money-making people, disquali-
fied for administrative positions—fit subjects, I
suppose they think, to be the hewers of wood
and the drawers of water for the South.
Again: the honorable gentleman from Alabama
continues: " Why, sir, I might ask, what great
sentiment, what great governmental principle,
originated at the North? I answer the gentle- ;
mam's question with great pleasure and satisfac- |
tion. The great "sentiment" of the North is j
freedom, and their " governmental principle"
progress. With these principles she started in
the great race on this continent. In the very
year the Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymoutn
Rock, staves landed in Virginia; and, in the lan-
guage of the eloquentgentleman from Massachu-
setts, " freedom has gone on, trampling down
barbarism, and planting States, building the sym-
bols of its faith by every lake, and every river,
until now the sons of the Pilgrims stand by the
shores of the Pacific. Slavery has also made its
way toward the setting sun. It has reached the
Rio Grande on the south; and the groans of its
victims, and the clank of its chains may be heard
as it slowly ascends the western tributaries of
the Mississippi river. Freedom has left the land
bespangled with free schools, and filled the whole
heavens with the shining towers of religion and
civilization. Slavery has left desolation, igno-
rance, and death, in its path. When we look at
these things; when we see what the country
would have been had freedom been given to the
Territories; when we think what it would have
been but for this blight in the bosom of the coun-
try; that the whole South—that fair land God
has blessed so much—would have been covered
with cities, and villages, and railroads; and that,
in the country, in the place of twenty-five mil-
lions of people, thirty-five millions would have
hailed the rising morn, exulting in republican
liberty;—when we think of these things, how must
every honest man, how must every man with
brains in his head, or heart in his bosom, regret
that the policy of old Virginia, in her better days,
did not become the animating policy of this ex-
panding Republic!"
FREEDOM AND PROGRESS.
Sir, that develops the material resources of the
country; that builds railroads and canals; that
protects and respects the labor of every citizen
of the country; that protects the rights of every
American citizen, at home and abroad; that
encourages commerce, that twin-sister of civiliza-
tion; that encourages emigration; that contributes
" labor, capital, art, valor, and enterprise, to
perfect and embellish our ever-widening emfiire."
These, sir, are the aims and trophies of freedom
and progress. Now, sir, may I not &sk, what
are the aims and trophies of the institution of
slavery? Is it not sectional and aggressive? Is
it not a cruel, relentless tyranny? Does it not
legalize " chattel slavery"—that "execrable com-
merce," as Jefferson called it, " that makes mer-
chandise of immortality; that smites the earth
with barrenness; that blasts the human intellect,
and blights the human heart; that maddens the
human brain, a6d crushes the human soul; that
crime which puito out the light and hushes the
New Series—No. 76
sweet voices of home, shatters its altars, and
scatters darkness and desolation over its hearth-
stone; that system which recognizes the tearing
away of joyful children from their mothers
arms, and selling them into eternal exile without
having anything to say in the premises; that
system which dooms men to live without knowl-
edge, to toil without reward, to die without hope;
that system which sends little children to the
shambles;" and, let me add, that system, which
custom sanctions, of fathers selling their own
children into slavery?
Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I charge that
slavery is not only sectional and aggressive, but
that its social influence is corrupt and dangerous
to the best interests of the community in which
it exists. Why, sir, I have but to call the at-
tention of the committee to what has transpired
in this House and in this city, since the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
to establish these charges to the conviction of
every candid and impartial mind. In this House
there are three political parties—Democratic, Re-
publican, and American. At the congressional
j caucus of the Democratic party, a resolution was
! adopted denouncing the American party, and pro-
' claiming its adherence to the Kansas and Ne-
braska act. Well, sir, you and this House and
the country know the long and bitter struggle
that ensued before the election of a Speaker; the
denunciations that were uttered by the Democrats
against the Americans as well as tne Republicans;
I and yet, sir, notwithstanding all this, and the
I further consideration, too, that many members
i of the American party south were anti-Nebraska
! men, and some of them opponents of it in the
I last Congress, yet, on the final vote, every mem-
j ber of that party present from the South voted
for the Democratic nominee, except two members,
[Mr. Cullen and Mr. Davis,] who voted for the
American candidate. Why, sir, let me ask, was
this sectional vote given ? Was it not in con-
sequence of the sectionalism of slavery ?
Again, when the telegraph wires, day after
day, brought the tidirtgs of the invasion of Kan-
sas by the border ruffians from the State of Mis-
souri, and the reign of anarchy and civil war in
the Territory of Kansas, a proposition was intro-
duced by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn,] appointing a committee from this House
to go to Kansas and investigate the alleged frauds
in that Territory. Well, sir, on this fair, just,and
peaceful proposition—a proposition, in my opin-
ion, that saved the lives and property of hundreds
and thousands of die people or that unfortunate
Territory—not a man voted for it from a slave
State.
Again: when the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Knowlton] offered a resolution of inquiry re-
specting the murder of Thomas Keating, the Irish
waiter at Willards',by Mr. Herbert, a member
of this House, every member from the slave
States, except one, voted against it, as did every
member present of the Democratic party, except
two, [Mr. Kelly and Mr. Williams.] Yeas
70, nays 79, was the vote.
Is slavery not sectional and aggressive ? or is
not the murder of a poor Irish waiter worth
investigating ?
Again: on the vote admitting Mr. Archer, of
Illinois, to his seat, on the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections, every member present and voting
from the slave States voted against his admission.
Archer is an American Republican.
Again: On the vote to expel the Hon. Preston
S. Brooks and to censure the Hon. Lawrence
M. Keitt, members of this House from the State
of South Carolina, for the brutal and murderous
assault on the Hon. Charles Sumner, a Senator
from the State of M assachusetts, for words spoken
in debate, in the Senate of the United States, and
in reply to Senator Butler, of South Carolina,
and of the institution of human slavery in the
slave States, and not of any act done, or word
spoken by that Senator, to, or reflecting on, either
of the members referred to above, and which
assault was proved to have well nigh destroyed
that Senator's life, every member present and
voting from the slave States, except one in each
case, voted against expelling Brooks and censur-
ing Keitt !
Well, sir, this is not all of this case. The
member from South Carolina [Mr Brooks] lias
since said to this House:
" I went to work very deliberately, as I am charged 
and this is admitted—and speculated somewhat as to
whether I should employ a horsewhip or a cowhide ; but,
■ knowing that the Senator was my superior in strength, it
occurred to me that he might wrest it from my hand, and
then—for I never attempt anything I do not perform—I
might have been compelled to do that which I would have
regretted the balance of my natural life."
Now, sir, without some further explanation,
there might be some doubt as to what the mem-
ber refers to in saying, " I might have been com-
pelled to do that which I would have regretted
the balance of my natural life." I am credibly
informed as to what he did mean; and it is this,
as stated by that member to the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. De Witt,] that
if Senator Sumner had made an apparent success-
ful defense, he would have shot him dead ! and
for the crime and damage of this unexampled
assault in the history of our country, Judge
Crawford, of the criminal court of the District of
Columbia, fined the member from South Carolina
j the enormous sum of (firee hundred dollars! Is
there no power and influence of the sectionalism of
slavery in this ?
Again: on the bill introduced by the gentleman
' from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] for restoring the Mis-
j souri compromise act, and for liberating the free-
State men in Kansas from their unlawful impris-
j onment, and for reorganizing the territorial gov-
i ernmentof Kansas, every Representative present
and voting from the slave States voted against it.
Again: on the report of the Committeeof Elec-
tions against the right of Whitfield, the Delegate
to Kansas, to his seat, on proof of the most relia-
ble and unquestioned character, every Represent-
ative present and voting from the slave States voted
in his favor. I make no comments on this ex-
traordinary and sectional vote, but refer you to
the testimony and report of your committee sent
to Kansas to investigate this and other cases of
fraud. '
This, Mr. Chairman, brings me down to the
consideration of the social influence of slavery,
and its corrupt and dangerous influences to the
community where it exists.
Soon after the commencement of the present
session of Congress, and before the election of
Speaker, a member of this House [Mr. Rust]
assaulted and beat Horftee Greeley with a cane.
A few <Jays;tfctfer,another member of this House
[ex-Governor Smith, of Virginia] had a.street
fight with the editor of the Star, (Mr. Wallach.)
Next in order is the murder of Keating by a mem-
ber of this House, [Mr. Herbert,] and the as-
sault of Sumner by Messrs. Brooks and Keitt,
of which I have heretofore spoken.
trial of herbert for the murder of xeatin6.
Mr. Chairman, I have but a few words more
to say on these, to me, unpleasant subjects. But
duty, as well as humanity, demands that some-
thing should be said respecting the murder of
Thomas Keating, the Irish waiter at Willard's
Hotel, by the member from California, [Mr.
Herbert,] and the extraordinary circumstances
and facts connected with the action of Judge
Crawford, District Attorney Key, and Marshal
Hoover, concerning the same.
The murder was committed in the city of the
capital of the nation by a Representative of the
American Congress, and under circumstances that
have turned the attention of every citizen of the
country to it, and the eyes of the civilized world
upon it, in consequence of the place where it
occurred, and the official position of the man who
perpetrated the act.
The magistrates who made the preliminary ex-
amination of the killing of Keating, issued a war-
rant to commit Herbert to await a trial for mur-
der. Judge Crawford admitted him to bail. The
district attorney, Mr. Key", did not attend the
-first examination before Judge Crawford, or make
any effort to resist Herbert ■ application for the
privilege of being admitted to bail. _ On the morn-
ing when Judge Crawford made his order admit-
ting Herbert to bail, the district attorney was
present, but said nothing.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known that the dis-
trict attorney, Mr. Key, is a warm personal, po-
litical, and bosom friend of Mr. Herbert; thathfe
