1206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery—Presidential Question—Mr. Purviance.
He. of Reps.
Tipon all government. God has given to one the talent to
govern—the other is only fit to be a slave. It is charity,
rotherly love, moral duty, political wisdom, national wealth
and power, to hold him in servitude, which is the only
position that he has yet shown himself capable of filling."—
Hon. John H. Savage, July 31,1856.
" And, in the first place, I say to the gentleman from
Ckhio, [Mr.Bij.oBAM,] who made the first long speech which
was made on his side of the question, and who spoke with :
much fervor and eloquence, that his statements about the ,
institution of slavery were as erroneous as the topic itself
was out of place.
" To speak of slavery as ' the curse of Kehama, which
smites the earth with barrenness, that crime which blights >
the human intellect, and blasts the human heart, and mad- ;
dens the human brain, and crushes the human soul,' may i
be good rhetoric, fine declamation, but it is very bad his-
tory, and worse fact."—Hon. T. S. Bocock, July 11,1856. i
" And here I would take my seat; but I feel bound to say
a few words in reference to one of the eloquent rhapsodies
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I have heard
those same kind of rhapsodies before, and have often read
the like in newspapers. We at the South have become
accustomed to hear such things, and hence they move us 1
but little from our equanimity. I confess it often produces
feelings of pity for those who, like the gentleman from Ohio, j
[Mr. Bingham,] seem to be honest in their zeal. We for-
give them as we would any other monomaniac. But when '
one goes so far as to charge, as the gentleman from Ohio <
did, in his speech, that an institution, recognized in the :
Constitution under which he lives, and one he is sworn to ,
support, as ' that crime of crimes—that sum of all villainies, !
which makes merchandise of immortality'—I say, when '
gentlemen see proper to use such language as that, I have '
no words of my own for an answer. I commend to him, ;
and to all who think with him upon this subject, the perusal
of a small volume called the 'African Preacher.' It was
written by a New England man, and is but the simple biog-
raphy of a native of Africa, whom this ' sum of all villainies'
brought to our shores, and who lived and labored, and died
a slave in Virginia.
"If further answer to this part of his speech be desirable
to him, I refer him to the songs of praise that go up each j
Sabbath day from the voices of five hundred thousand slaves
in the South, who have learned the truth that enables them
to rejoice in the hope of a blissful immortality, through the
instrumentality of that ' crime of crimes which makes j
merchandise of immortality.' And if not satisfied yet, go ;
another step—go stand by the bedside of the dying slave, j
and hear him, when life's last sand is falling through, and ,
the realities of that life to come are fast rushing home upon <
his expectant vision—when life mortal and life immortal are |
in their last struggle for tile mastery, and the clay tenement
is fast dissolving around that jewel of celestial birth thXt
now plumes itself for the passage back to that ' house not
made with hands'—go, then, I say, and hear for yourselves
his last prayer of thanksgiving to God that, through ' that
sum of all villanies,' He had seen proper in His providence
to transfer him from barbarism and moral death to where
the light of the Gospel of truth had shined into his dark
understanding! Go hear that prayer for. yourselves, that
you may rebuke it, and learn that your quarrel is not with
us, but God!"—Hon. N. G. Foster, of Georgia.
" Focrtb or Jolt at Gkahakville, South Carolina.
At the celebration of die anniversary of our Independence
in this South Carolina town, the following toasts, among
others, were drank 1 with enthusiasm:'
" Kansas: Already stained with the blood of southern mar-
tyrs in the cause of justice and our most sacred rights.
May her streams become rivers of blood, and her forests
charnel-houses, before her soil shall he contaminated and
her atmosphere polluted by the Free-Soil partisans of the
North.
" The Beaufort District Troop: Resting on their saddles,
await the word to take a high place in this picture.
" Mr. Brooks, the South Carolina Champion: When next
he defends the rights of the South, may he be-armed with
a Carolina hickory!
" By Captain Thomas Dawson: May God, in his wisdom,
see fit to remove the white Bkin of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts—Sumner—and substitute a black one,
together with a ' kinky head,' that he may be taught to
appreciate his color.
" By H. H. McAvoy: Would to God, that evely congres-
sional district of South Carolina would send such men as
Colonel Brooks.
" Hon. Preston S. Brooks: We approve of the manly
course which he pursued in chastising insult, insolence,
and injury to South Carolina, and say to him, Well done!
" The Constitution of the United States: The apple of
discord between virtue and vice, reason and fanaticism.
"Kansas: Her plains have been stained with the blood
of southern men, in support of southern rights and equality.
May their appeals for aid be generously and gallantly
responded to by every southern man.
" The Union of the States: Nominal in form; but dis-
solved in spirit. May the next overt act of aggression snap
the remaining bond, and thus place the South upon that
political equality which northern injustice and northern
principles have denied us in the Halls of legislation.
" Mr. Brooks: May the glorious example here set us in the
chastisement of northern insolence arouse us to a due sense
of the indignities which have, from time to time, been
offered to the South, and stimulate us to avenge them as
speedily, as promptly, and as effectually.
" Massachusetts: Truant to the sacred compact she has
signed; recreant to every principle of honesty, truth, and
justiee; polluted by fanatical doctrines; secularized by
spiritualism, religious enthusiasm, and corrupt legislation.
May her unfortunate degeneracy be deeply deplored ; and
since *he is already past recovery, may an effectual check
be placed upon her insolence by repeated and vigorous
blows of gutta percha.
" The Democratic party: The platform adopted by the
Cincinnati Convention inspires a hope that the rights of
the South may yet be maintained, and a dissolution of the
Union postponed for a time."
SLAVERY—PRESIDENTIAL QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. A. PURVIANCE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
Jlugust 4, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PURVIANCE said: The merits of the
great trial which is now going on before the grand
inquest of the nation are now prominently forced
upon the consideration of this House. It is, per-
haps, right to have the principles of the great
parties of the country properly presented and fully
canvassed in a discussion, even in the chamber
of American legislation, radiating, as itdoes,over
the length and breadth of the land, and bringing
back a pure, strong, and wholesome reflection of
the entire popular will. The friends of Mr. Buch-
anedh in this House, calling themselves the Dem-
ocratic party, have arraigned the American and
Republican parties, and severely criticised the
principles of both in speeches of great length,
which have been sent to every post office in the
Union, with direction, doubtless, to give them
general distribution.
The American and Republican parties were
produced by, and are, the legitimate offspring of
the old Democratic party. In other words, the
course pursued by the latter in endeavoring to
secure the two great political powers of the Gov-
ernment, the papal and the slave, has very natu-
rally created antagonisms amongst the people,
resulting in the formation of strong political par-
ties. It is a fact which cannot be controverted,
that for twenty years the so-called Democratic
party has bowed with obsequious devotion to
secure the support of the Catholics of the country,
and that, with a few honorable exceptions, they
have been successful.
In 1852, Mr. Pierce, the nominee for the Pres-
idency, hailing from the only State whose con-
stitution proscribes a Catholic from holding office,
it was thought and believed, that body of people,
if actuated by a proper spirit of resistance to re-
ligious intolerance, would have cast their votes
against the grandson of him who helped to frame
the obnoxious constitution. For a time, and
within a short period before the election, many
of them showed a determination to avenge them-
selves of what they then complained was a most
frievous wrong. The election came, and with
ut a few honorable exceptions the Catholics
throughout the United States licked the rod that
smote them,.by throwing almost their entire suf-
frage to Pierce.
This most singular vote produced a shock upon
public sentiment which has not yet ceased its
vibrations. It was boldly charged that the result
had been obtained by an arrangement between
Bishop Hughes and the friends of Mr. Pierce, by
which the former was to secure a participation
in the management and control of the incoming
Administration.
The distribution of official patronage riveted
upon the public mind the conviction which pre-
vious circumstances had strongly tended to in-
spire.
From this result the American people turned
with indignant horror, refusing tQ recognize, so
far as the ballot-box was concerned, a body of
men as equals, who suffered themselves to be
politically controlled by the head of the Church
of which they were members. Separation of
Church and State being the true American doc-
trine, the complete identification of Catholicism
with Democracy naturally inspired the public
mind with suspicion and alarm.
The Democratic party having wooed to their
embrace the Catholic power of tne country, they
I must be content with the chastisement they are
now receiving as a punishment for this improper
II alliance of Church and State. Ours is a Govern-
ment in which the voice of the people is the con-
trolling element, and every man should speak
and act for himself as becomes the character of a
sovereign, and not suffer himself to be controlled
in political affairs by any power on earth but his
own convictions of duty. The enlightened state
of public sentiment in America must, and I am
happy to say is beginning gradually to dispel the
delusion under which our Catholic population
labor. Already there are to be found men reared
in that faith who are asserting and maintaining
their freedom from all restraint of pope, bishop,
priests, or church hierarchy in political affairs.
With some of these I am personally acquainted,
and can vouch for their firm determination in 1852,
persisted in to the end, to resist the power which
unfortunately, in the judgment of the American
public, controlled the most of them. When they
step aside from this church dominancy, and think
ana act for themselves, assert and maintain the
high prerogative of freemen, and shut their ears
against the repeated and never-ending efforts of the
Democratic leaders to inflame their prejudices for
no other purpose than to make them " hewers
of wood, and drawers of water;" then, and only
then, will they cease to be slaves, and at once rise
to the dignity of freemen, and become, in every
sense of the word, " Americans." Freedom of
conscience, as well as freedom of speech and of
the press, are the constitutional guarantees which
belong to all; and no one, either in Church or State,
has any right to control the political action of the
humblest citizen in the land. Americanism is
arrayed against political Romanism only, and
seeks to give every conscience its own control,
instead of allowing it to be controlled by others
For twenty years and upwards, within my own
Eersonal knowledge, the Democratic party has
een engaged in the habitual practice, a short
time previous to an election, of fabricating ludi-
crous stories of the wrongs which other parties
are about to inflict upon Catholics, and never
failing to secure the services, in every town and
township, of some supposed leadtr, upon prom-
ise of political reward, they reach the ears, and
delude the minds of the masses, with no other
purpose than to secure their vote, and afterwards
to laugh at the means employed to obtain their
object. The imposition of restraint by the head
of the Church, or, in the absence of this, the in-
flammatory appeals to the prejudices of the Cath-
olic mind by the Democratic party, in the judg-
ment of a large body of the American people,
has kapt, and until removed will doubtless keep,
the Catholics, as a body, the allies of the Demo-
cratic party, which mainly contributed to create,
and wnich will doubtless equally contribute to
continue in existence, the American party.
repeal of the missouri compromise.
In 1852, Franklin Pierce was elected to the
Presidency with a unanimity unprecedented—
twenty-seven States out of thirty-one casting in
his favor. The dispensation of Federal patron-
age, as already observed, helped to bring into
existence the American party, but in other re-
spects his administration gave promise of undis-
turbed quiet and repose. The Tnirtv-Third Con-
gress assembled, a majority of both Houses
being Democratic, and giving to that party abso-
lute and undisputed sway in the administration
of the Government. The responsibility of meas-
ures enacted of course devolved upon the party
in power. Without either petition or memorial
from North or South, East or West, a bill was
presented repealing the Missouri compromise, a
compromise made by our fathers in 1820, by
which the Territory of Kansas and Nebraska was
forever dedicated to freedom. The cause of this
extraordinary act, in which northern Democrats
played a conspicuous part as originators and lead-
ers, was readily found to exist in the restive de-
sire of those leaders to make themselves prom-
inent with the slave power—a power w®?c{|
has heretofore ruled the Government, and which
these political marplots believed would ever con-
tinue to do so. Turning their backs upon the
North,theyjoined hands with Stephens, 1 oombs,
and others of the South; and in the hour of mid-
night broke the seals of the solemn covenant
made by our fathers, North and South^ in 1820,
for the maintenance of freedom in the Territories
