1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1207
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery—Presidential Question—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
north of 36° 30*. The deed was done, but not
without resistance from patriots North and South.
The members of the once-powerful Democratic
party of the North, disgusted with this exhibition
of bad faith and broken honor, left by thousands
the party with which they had ever acted, and
helped to change entirely the character of the
national House of Representatives.
Why did the Democracy repeal the Missouri
compromise ? They sav it was done to establish
popular sovereignty—the right of the people to
act for themselves in the government and control
of territorial affairs; and to establish; or refuse to
establish, slavery, as they may determine. If this
were even so, it would amount to a perpetration
of a wrong, in robbing freedom of ner right to
•oQ obtained by solemn contract thirty-four years
a?o. Wronjr for another reason: that it opens a
large tract or fertile country to become the theater
of bloodshed, of continued strife, in fighting about
a ouestion which our fathers, thirty-four years
before, had settled upon a basis satisfactory to
•11. As an evidence that it was not done for the
purpose of establishing popular sovereignty, the
very authors of the bill and doctrine will not allow
the free resident voters to control, and the boasted
authors of popular sovereignty rob the very sov-
ereigns they create of the power for which they
■ay thev fought so hard, in the passage of the
Nebraska bill, to invest them.
Although the law professes to leave it to the
people to say whether slavery shall, or shall not,
exist, the very authors of the bill assert and j
maintain that slavery does exist in the Territo-
ries, independent of the bill; therefore the Ne- ]
braska bill inaugurated no new right, and, on this ;
account, can claim no merit.
If Congress has no constitutional power to con-
trol slavery iai^e Territories—as most, if not all,
southern genVmen contend; and if, as they say,
popular sovereignty applies only to the action of
the people in forming aconstitution for admission
as a State, then it is obvious the bill conferred
no new power, and of course created no changes.
The right of the people to form their own con-
stitution, when about to apply for admission, is
doctrine as old as the Government itself, and
asked for no enactments to give it additional
strength.
admission of kansas.
Popular sovereignty is the pretext, but exten-
sion of slavery the purpose, for which the repeal
of the time-honored Missouri compromise was
effected. A large majority of the resident citizens
of Kansas selected delegates to ^convention to
frame a constitution for admissfonlnto the Union.
The convention sat at Topeka, framed its consti-
tution, and presented it to Congress for admis-
sion. AH the friends of Mr. Buchanan, in the
House and Senate, but three, voted against the
recognition of this act of popular sovereignty of
the people of this unfortunate Territory The
admission of Kansas, therefore, as one of the
States of the Union—it is folly to disguise the
fact—is opposed for no other reason than that she
presents herself clothed in the beautiful garb of
freedom. She asks to come into the sisterhood
of States robed in white, as an appropriate em-
blem of the purity of her devotion to universal
liberty. Along side of her sister California, she
desires to take her stand, if not as a golden
magnet, as the star of the West—the future des-
tined center of the Union—the pivot State between
the two great oceans which wash the eastern and
western limits of heaven's favorite nation. There
is a fitting propriety in giving her a cordud wel-
come, a warm and hearty embrace, as_the young-
est sister whose birth will end the painful throes
of an almost dying mother. Her coming will be
the signal for hearts to leap with joy atjan event
which will inaugurate a new era, by ending the
horrors of civil war and bloodshed in the land.
Shall she come as such, or be ushered in under
the pall of liberty's funeral dirge — her beauty
covered by the dark vail of slavery, to remain
forever hid from the gaze of an admiring world ?
This is the question which claims the judgment
of the whole American people, which judgment
we, as their Representatives, are required to give.
For one, I rejoice to declare that I am most un-
reservedly, heart and soul, on freedom's side.
Others, I know, have taken a different stand. The
conflict must come here in this and the other
Chamber, and at the ballot-box, and it behooves
us all to be prepared.
That the South have determined to make Kansas
a slave State, and that, too, for the purpose of
perpetuating the political power of the nation in
their hands, I have no doubt; because I have from
them the open and direct avowal of such a pur-
pose. That that purpose is to be accomplished
by an attempt to restore the slave trade is also
openly, publicly, and, .1 may add, recklessly
avowed. The Charleston Standard, of recent
date, holds the following language:
"We believe the Union will be temporarily prolonged by
the introduction of slavery into Kansas ; but we believe it
might be extended to an indefinitely distant period by the
measure we propose [the restoration of the slave trade.]
With the certainty of having the balance of political power,
we would have little motive to a dissolution ; while the sta-
bility and repose to the North, frotn the predominance of
slave power in the Government, would counterbalance
any inclination they might have to leave us."
The Richmond Whig, of recent date, says:
" In a word, we stand ready to approve and encourage
every effort which southern men, in their wisdom and judg-
ment, may decide upon to promote emigration to Kansas
from the southern States. If Kansas can be rescued from
the grasp and dominion of the Free-Soilers and Aboli-
tionists, and erected into a defense of slavery and southern
institutions, why, in God's name, we appeal to the patriot-
ism, and enterprise, and liberality of the South, to rally to
the rescue and consummate the glorious work."
Again: in the call for a meeting at Charleston,
the following language is used:
'" The meeting announced in behalf of the cause of the
South in Kansas, takes place to-night in the hall of the In-
stitute. The occasion and the cause cannot foil to call forth
our citizens in great seal and numbers- Their importance
can only be appreciated when it is remembered that Kansas
has swallowed up all other questions in the Union; that for
two long months it has kept the Government in a state of
anarchy; and that its solution is admitted on all hands to be
the most hazardous problem that has yet come up before
the KepubUc; but to the southern people it has an interest
higher than that of the Union. It is linked with the destiny
of 1,500,000 of slave property, and with the entire wealth,
civilization, and hopes of the southern people. In such a
cause Charleston cannot be lukewarm. Her commerce,
her trade, her existence, is but a portion of the Jife of the
South ; and whatever strikes at that strikes at her. It will
be seen by the advertisement, that the galleries of the hall
will b6 reserved for the ladies, who never fail to respond to
the calls of patriotism and honor."
The object, therefore, of the South, in forcing
slavery into Kansas, is boldly avowed to be the
acquisition of political power; in other words,
the political subjugation of sixteen millions of
free whites in the North, to the control of thcca.
hundred and forty-se^n thousand slaveholders
of theSoulh. Disguiae k*s you may, this is
Um  question which has to be met by the people
of the North with a sternness of purpose which
knows no faltering. For one, whatever the con-
sequences may be, I am prepared to fight this
moral battle to the end. It is not my habit or
my purpose to deal in personalities. I mean
to be respectful—to infringe upon no parliament-
ary decorum; but 1 mean to speak boldly, freely,
and frankly, unawed by any power on earth,
and answerable only for what 1 do and say here
to my own convictions of duty and to my con-
stituents.
I desire to speak of the consequences of this
reckless repeal of an act of plighted faith.
It has reopened the slavery agitation anew, and
fomented quarrels and bloodshed even at the
Capitol of the nation.
It has produced the burning of cities and mur-
dering of freemen by an infuriated mob.
It has struck a fatal blow at the freedom of
speech and freedom of the press, worse than that
of the sedition law of 1798.
It has led to an invasion of the ballot-box and
the usurpation of government. <
It has led to the enactment of a code of laws,
orpretended laws, so tyrannical that the serfs of
Russia could not live under them, much less free
citizens of the freest Government on earth.
It has imprisoned freemen for refusing to obey
these laws; and a tyrannical judge, appointed by
and removable at the pleasure of the President,
has refused to accept bail and release the pris-
oners.
The admission of Kansas as a free State would
at once remedy, in the future, all these evils, and
end the strife. The friends of Mr. Buchanan, as
already shown, had this in their power to do; but,
by an almost unanimous vote, refused it.
toombs s bill.
In lieu of this, the Senate send to the House a
bill known as the Toombs bill, in which it is pro-
posed that the President, by the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall have the power to appoint
five men to take the census of Kansas, and fix
upon who shall and who shall not be citizens,
whjph decision is to be final. Under this clause
tlie President might appoint Stringfellow, Atchi-
son, Jones, Donaldson, and Lecompte,and their
list of citizens would have to be taken without
exception in any way, not even by the plainest
proof, at the time of voting, that such registering
was grossly fraudulent. The bill further pro-
vides, that none but those who were citizens on
the 4th of July, 1856, should be taken into the
enumeration. After having burned and sacked
cities, and driven free-State settlers from the Ter-
ritory, they fix the 4th of July as the time upon
which the enumeration shall be made, for the
purpose, as is evident, of fixing upon the Terri-
tory forever their exacting and arbitrary Bystem
of slavery.
The friends of Mr. Buchanan in the House,
and Senate vote for this infamous bill, and then
publish it far and wide that they have made this
beautiful proposition for the purpose of pacifica-
tion ! I blush to know that a Senator from my
own glorious free State is helping to push this
miserable, flimsy, gauze-work idea upon the
people of Pennsylvania. Our people, although
honest, I admit have been deceived; but let them
but ask themselves the question, whether they
would allow this great question to be placed for
settlement in the hands of Franklin Pierce alone?
The bill provides, for nothing more nor less; and
it is, therefore, the grossest arrogance to tell the
free people of the North that Franklin Pierce,
who nas been the chief actor and manager in all
these troubles, should have the power intrusted
to him to settle them. The people would agree
to no such arbiter. Already they have lost all
confidence in his ability to administer the Gov-;
eminent, and therefore cannot and will not trust
him to try a great cause in which he is the chief
criminal himself.
dunn's bill to restore the Missouri compro-
mise, and jtesolutions to release prisomem
and expel brooks.
The friends of freedom in the House next passed
a bill restoring tine Missouri cestriction ,aivi pro-
viding fortherelease of the prisoners charged
with treason for participating in the formation of
a free-State constitution. On the passage of this
bill, all the friends of Mr. Buchanan but three are
found recorded in the negative.
On the resolution submitted by myself for the
release of George W. Smith, N. W. Dietzler,'
G. W. Brown, and others, the friends of Mr.
Buchanan, with three exceptions, are found
voting in the negative.
On the resolution to.expel Brooks for an un-
justifiable assault upon Senator, Sumner, tfie
friends of Mr. Buchanan are found voting, with:
three exceptions, ttgainst the expulsion. In the'
argument upon this resolution, the prominentand
leading friends of the Democratic nominee ar#
found justifying the use and application of the
bludgeon against the freedom of -speech—on^ of
the guarantees of our national Constitution. -
On the resolution to expel Whitfield from the •
seat he obtained through the frauds and usurp*-'
tions of men from Missouri, as most clearly es*
tablished by the testimony of several hundred'
witnesses, the friends of Mr. Buchanan, with;
three or four exceptions, voted in favor Of hi«'
retaining his seat aa a representative of Kansasii
Upon all these questions, the friends of freedom*
in the House stood shoulder to shoulder, and,
with serried ranks, maintained their position
despite the taunts and jeers and threats of men-
whose habits and associations have taught them
to believe they were born to command, and that-
we were made to obey. - ^ . '■ **
The Administration party in this House, whoi
are now the leaders of the Buchanan ranks, are
constantly engaged in glorifying the Nebraska
bill—a bill, in my judgment, of abominations—a<
Pandora's box, from which has issued countless-
wrongs, and inexcusable and unmitigated out-,
rages. . They speak of the men who aided in-ita.
passage as worthy soldiers in a worthy cause;
