1206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery—Presidential Question—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
and declare that none but those whcf indorse the
gallantry of that soldiery are worthy to become
the standard-bearers of the Democratic party in
the coming presidential election. ^ I believe it was
a Spartan mother who enjoined it upon her son,
in going to battle, to return (tf return he did) with
his wounds in front. It is matter of opinion
what are, and what are not, honorable wounds
in the Nebraska battle. In my judgment,<he
honorable gentlemen from North Carolina, [Mr.
Pdryear,] from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridgg,]
and the honorable Clerk of this House, [General
Cullom,] bear their wounds in front. They ad-
monished you and the country of just such fruits
of this palpable breach of faith; and they, as
beacons of light, warned you of the rock against
which you were dashing, but you recklessly
refused to heed them. When the names of
Douglas, Pierce, Toombs, and others, will be
spoken of as agitators of measures which led to
mobs, riots, and bloodshed, those of Puryear,
Etheridge, Cullom, Hunt, Bell,and Houston, will
be linked in association with those of the great
conservators of the age, as men worthy of being
enrolled in the scroll of fame as wise and patriotic
statesmen.
History assigned a place to Nero and Draco,
the oppressors of human rights, and they are
remembered only as the bloodiest tyrants of the
age in which they lived. The framers of the in-
famous black code of Kansas, as well as those in
power who sustain them, can expect to occupy
no higher ground when the historian shall write
the history of their political oppressions. Some
American Michael Angelo may yet be found who
will canvas the horrible picture, to be hung in
the rotunda, there to be looke<i upon by future
fenerations only to be execrated and abhorred,
'ainted, as it should be, with a dark back ground,
made red by the blood of freemen, with Lawrence
wrapped in flames, the printing press—the Herald
of Freedom—thrown into the river, with Pierce,
Douglas, Toombs, Mason, and other prominent
actors in the bloody drama, grouped and stand-
ing in full view of tne work of destruction which
they have been the reckless instruments of pro-
ducing, with the fire of the devoted city glaring
in their faces, that our children and our children's
children, when they visit this Capitol, and look
upon the picture, may learn to value freedom
more, by increasing their detestation for tyranny
in whatever shape or form it may be exercised
over the minds or bodies of men. Let this be
done to assist in perpetuating freedom of opinion,
of speech, and of the press—the three great ele-
ments of free institutions.
kansas laws.
In breaking down this great partition wall,
built by our" fathers, between freedom and sla-
very, the Democratic party have allowed and sanc-
tioned, and now refuse to repeal, enactments by a
body of usurpers, which reflect a deep and damn-
ing disgrace upon the pure, free, exalted, and
never-dying spirit of universal liberty. These
cruel laws they suffer to be enforced at the peril
of the lives of the citizens, who'cannot obey mem
because they owe a higher duty to the Constitu-
tion of the Union, which guaranties the freedom
of speech and of the press to all. What free- j
man, who prides himself upon his reverence and j
respect for the laws of the land, would dare to call ;
these border ruffian acts laws, and then look the j
Constitution in the face? If he did, and that \
aacred instrument had eyes to confront him, it |
would frowp him from its presence, and, if tongue
to speak, would pronounce him false to its most j
■acred provisions. The Constitution secures the ]
liberty of speech, and tyrants pass laws which |
deny this right, and imprison and murder men 1
for violating a SQ-called law, which itself violates
and tramples under foot the Constitution of the
United States.
It is but a short time since I listened to a Sen-
ator from the Old Dominion, [Mr. Mason,] pre-
senting an array .of constitutional refinements as
to the power of the Government to appropriate
money for internal improvements, which would
laugh to scorn all the hair-splitting distinctions
ever conceived of by the most learned metaphy-
sicians. The Constitution conferred no power
to clear away obstructions in the mouth of the
Mississippi, because not expressly found in that
instrument. But here an express power or right
of freedom of speech and the press is trampled
upon; and because representatives portray these
as flagrant outrages and wrongs upon the rights
of freemen,'the Constitution is violated with im-
punity, and all southern subtilties and refine-
ments are scattered to the wind.
No man is permitted to say that in his opinion
slavery does not exist in a fi-ee territory. If he
thinks so he must suppress his thoughts, or other-
wise he becomes a felon, and must be imprisoned ;
for two years; and to cap the climax—if once !
charged with having opened his lips in favor of !
freedom—he is to be tried by a jury of slave-
holders, or pro-slavery men. He is first denied
the right of free speech, and then denied the right
of a fair and impartial trial by jury." What other
step could be taken approaching nearer to mon-
archy ?
The sedition act of 1798 punished by fine and I
imprisonment for writing against the Government j
and its ojficers, but gave the accused an impartial ,
trial by jury, and allowed him to plead, in justifi-
cation, the truth of the charge made; but the ;
Kansas law does not permit the truth to be given
in evidence, and goes a step still beyond the in-
famous sedition act, by punishing a man not only
for writing but for speaking. Writing and pub-
lishing a falsehood were the requisites of guilt in
the sedition law; but in the Kansas code, a man
may be punished who has neither written nor
published, but who may have been guilty of pro-
claiming his thoughts in the presence offreemen,
that slavery does not exist in the Territory. Nay,
more, he is punished if he carries about him a
newspaper, pamphlet, magazine, letter of a friend,
or any other document, in which it is asserted ]
slavery does not rightfully exist in a free Territory. ■
Under this infamous code of tyranny, an inti- i
mate friend and acquaintance, George W.Smith, i
of Pennsylvania, is now imprisoned, and not per-
mitted even to address a letter to his wife, or
receive one,from her, unless subjected to the
examination of those who have robbed him of,
his liberty. His offense consists in this, that he
helped to frame a free constitution for Kansas,
ana for this he is charged with treason—trea-
son, not for raising his arm or voice against the
laws of the land and threatening to dissolve the
Union, bat treason for attempting to bring into
the Union an additionakfree State. For upwards
of twenty years I have known him as a friend
and a companion in social life, upon the circuit
and at the bar—his impulses kina and generous;
his love of liberty ardent and sincere, and his
whole life a refutation against the charge upon
which he is now imprisoned. His friends, with
whom I have had the pleasure of holding recent
converse, are breaking away from all restraints
of party, and giving utterance to deep-toned in-
dignation, which, like the rumbling of distant
thunder, shakes the haunts of his youth atid his
manhood. Pennsylvanians as they are, and
hitherto conservative, lovers of peace and of the
Union, are roused to the cry of vengeance for the
degradation and shame to -Which a cherished
friend has been subjected, for no crime but that of
freedom of opinion and speech. Pennsylvania
seeks no quarrel with any law of the land; but I
tell you now, in the name of that loyal, peaceful,
and powerful Commonwealth, she demands th^
immediate and unconditional surrender of Smith,
Brown, Deitzler, and others of her sons who
are now in prison for the exercise of the con-
stitutional rights of freedom of opinion and of
speech. She demands it because they are there
without wrong and against manifest right. If
you tell me they are there to answer the demands
of the law, I hurl it back with scorn, as the taunts
and jeers of despots. For this unwarrantable
invasion of the rights of freemen, Pennsylvania
arraigns the actors, aiders, and abettors for trea-
son against the Constitution of the country, and
proclaims her fixed purpose to place her iron heel
upon all concerned in passing, maintaining, and
executing, a pretended code of laws which, for
tyranny and oppression, rival the worst laws of
the worst tyranny which ever degraded the Gov-
ernment of any country. Unshackle her sons, or
bide the wrath of two millions and &. half of free-
men. The bugle-note of preparation is. unmis-
takably heard m the resolute and determined tone
of insulted freemen. You pass laws which "
muzzle the mouths of freemen, and then say, wait
till the law is declared unconstitutional.. As well
might you pass a law prohibiting my attendance
upon a church of my own choice, or one declar-
ing trial by jury a fallacy and delusion, and in-
flict a penalty for asserting otherwise, and com-
mand my obedience until a constitutional test
should be applied. All such palpable onslaughts
j upon $he inherent and constitutional rights of
man, I would scatter to the winds and resist to
the death, not as the laws of rational legislators,
but as the devices of the worst and most unmiti-
j gated species of tyranny.
j reasons against slavery extension.
The exacting nature of slavery, as exhibited in
the character of laws which pro-slavery men
enact, foreshadow its manifest destiny, dissolu-
tion, and decay, at no distant day.
This law of nature is now grappling with
slavery, and the power of the latter must yield to
[ the uncontrolled and uncontrollable fiat of the*
former. The accomplishment of this great era
. in the history of our Government is, I admit, not
i to be the result of anything but moral suasion
upon slavery where it is, and governmental re-
: straints upon its enlargement upon the virgin free
soil of the nation.
The dispassionate reflection of southern minds
must bring it about in States where it now exists;
but northern sentiment has a right to control its
invasion of territory, the common property of
all the States. Public policy, the controlling ele-
i ment of all well-regulated governments, should
I direct public sentiment in the exercise of the func-
! tions and powers conferred upon the people by
! the Constitution, without fear or favor, and with
an eye single to the advancement of_the interest,
: character, and dignity of the entire nation,
i With the deep and abiding con^^on upon my
mind, that it is the right ana solemn duty of this
i Government to restrain slavery and the slave
power within its present bounds, I solicit the fur-
ther attention of the House while I present the
arguments in support of the postulate I have
assumed. Aside from the sentimentality of the
question, with which I profess to have nothing
to do, and which must address itself alone to the
mind of the southern philanthropist, I have ob-
jections, founded in public policy, which control
my action upon this great question, and, until
otherwise convinced, will forever constrain me
from agreeing to the enlargement of the slave
power. That slavery is an evil, and a great one,
the wisest men of the nation, North and South,
have admitted—an evil to be tolerated only be-
cause it seems to be without a remedy. In the
memorable discussion on the admission of Mis-
souri, Mr. Elliott, of Georgia, declared that sla-
| very was an evil found in this country at the
formation of the present Government, and was
1 tolerated because it cannot be remedied.
I Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, in the same dis-
cussion, declared its perpetuation necessary, that
its revolting features might inspire us with a
higher appreciation and love of liberty.
Mr. Lee, in the constitutional convention of
II Virginia, himself perhaps a slaveholder, and sur-
; i rounded by scores of others," wished he had been
| born in a land where domestic and negro slavery
I j vy unknown, and that Providence had spared
the country the moral and political evil."
James Monroe, a President beloved as much
by the North as the South, in that same conven-
j tion declared that he considered the question of
i slavery the most important one which could come
before that body; " and that he was satisfied the
| claim of the western part of Virginia for the
! white basis of representation, under particular
! circumstances, was rational."
i, Mr. Mercer, another distinguished member of
I j that body, bewailed the desolation of Virginia,
'' and declared "that the bone and sinew of the
, State must be raised above the slave."
II In the discussion of the Missouri compr°mlse
the language of your own immortal Jefferson is
' quoted, and not denied. It is this:
| " There must be an unhappy mfluenee on the mannera
of our people, produced by the existence of slaveryamoiipt
us. The whole commerce between master and slave is a
. perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most
L unremitting despotism on the on# ft) degrading nib-
