1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery—Presidential Question—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
existence. A Government which does not pos-
sess within itself the elements of its own protection
would be unworthy the name, and less worthy
the respect, of the governed. It is clearly within
the power of Congress to exclude all persons,
from any and all quarters, from the Territories
under their control. The Constitution makes
Congress the national guardian over the Terri-
ritories; and to that body belongs the power to
sell them, as a whole or in parcels, donate them to
schools, colleges, or railroads, or refuse to dis-
pose of them at all. This, I take it, from the
language of the Constitution, is an absolute and
unqualified power, not to be doubted by any one,
and until recently, as I shall show, never has been
called in question. If the people of the United
States become satisfied that slavery weakens the
power of the nation for self-defense by decreasing
our population, by depressing our energies ana
crippling our resources, what sane man can doubt
the right of Congress to prohibit its extension to
territory under Uie nation's control?
That Congress did exercise this power with
reference to Territories prior to 1808,1 am pre-
pared to show; and further, that the exercise of
this power received not only favorable judicial
construction, but the legislative sanction of south-
ern men. The ordinance of July, 1787, prohib-
iting slavery , except for crime, in any of the Ter-
ritories, received the support of southern men,
thus commencing the prohibitory policy before
the organic law was formed; the organic law
came next, in which you find the implied power
to Congress to prohibit slavery in the new States
and Territories prior to 1808, and in the old States
after thju period; also, in the same organic law,
the power to Congress to admit new States, with
a right, of course, to reject, if not satisfactory to
the whole people of the Union.
In 1798, Congress passed a law prohibiting the
importation of slaves into the Mississippi Terri-
tory, under the penalty of $300 and freedom to
the slave. So, in Louisiana, in 1804, a similar
enactment. The citizens of Virginia presented
petitions to the Territorial Legislature, after the
ordinance of 1787, asking permission to settle
with their slaves in the Territory.
I would pursue this question of power still
further; but my colleague [Mr. Ritchie] has bo
fully elaborated the argument on this point, that
it becomes unnecessary. A reference to his able
speech, which is a complete compendium of ad-
judications upon this question, will satisfy every
rational mind that the power ought to be regarded
as clear and decisive.
PRESIDENCY.
The coming presidential struggle will be one
in which the future destiny of slavery and of
Kansas are involved. The policy of the respect-
ive parties is now plainly inscribed upon their
banners. Slavery, polygamy, or pny other ex-
crescence which the resident inhabitants of a
Territory, whoever they may be, the refugees of
Botany bay if they choose to come, upon a sin-
gle day's residence, may think proper to adopt,
is the favorite policy of the so-called Democratic
party; thus wresting from the whole people the
power to reject which follows the power to admit
new States. Inflexible opposition to the further
extension of slavery into territory how free is
the doctrine of the anti-Administration party.
Deception can no longer now be practiced upon
the public mind, although, doubtless, to some
extent in the coming campaign it will be at-
tempted. Already unmistakable indications of
this are given by the friends of Mr. Buchanan in
their affectation of kindness to Kansas. They now
even talk of joining us in the admission of Kansas
as a free State, and they now affect to condemn
with us the black code of Kansas laws.
A Senator in the other end of the Capitol, from
Georgia, the embodiment of slavery, proposes a
bill for the admission of Kansas as a State, to
which I have already referred, and a member of
this House from the same State echoes a response
to his Senator's proposition by offering to amend
the people's proposition here by the slaveholder's
magnificent conception in the other wing of the
Capitol. Tlie conspicuous part these gentlemen
took in breaking down the Missouri compromise,
to say the least of it, does not make them safe
depositaries of freedom's cause in Kansas; and
the friends of Mr. Buchanan may as well under-
stand it now as again, that the people of Penn-
sylvania cannot De deceived by the feint and
false pretense they are about to make for free-
dom. For nine long weeks they fought against
the election of a friend of freedom to the Speak-
ership of this body, and forfourorfive more they
opposed the raising of a committee to investigate
the frauds of the Kansas Legislature, on the
ground that you could not go behind the record
which made them Representatives, although that
record mi ht have been conceived and consum-
mated in the grossest fraud. No one contended*
with more tenacity and ability for this, as we
believed and now believe, palpable illogical posi-
tion, than the able and tklented gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
This second moral battle was desperately
fought, and the friends of freedom were once more
triumphant. The committee have closed their
labors—have now returned and unfolded the scsoll
of infamy which the friends of Mr. Buchanan
for fourteen weeks labored to suppress. The
Democratic party denied the existence of frauds,
and contended the so-called " border ruffians"
were fighting for " lawand order"—that they were
maintaining the laws passed by the Territorial
legislature, and that our friends were resisting
those laws; and now, when the overwhelming
evidence of the falsity of all this is about to come
to light, they talk of pleading guilty and putting
themselves upon the mercy of the court. If
they had been really ignorant of these things, i
and had not put into requisition the power of the
Federal Government to awe the freemenof Kan-
sas into submission to fraudulent and tyrannical
laws, a nation's clemency might have been ex-
erted in their behalf. The President bowed to
sectional influence, and turned prosecutor against
the free people of Kansas; and the friends of Mr.
Buchanan, in convention, assembled in Pennsyl-
vania, as well as here in this House, with but
two or three exceptions, and at Cincinnati, in-
dorsed and approved the action taken by Franklin
Pierce.
Now, what is to be the programme for the ap-
proaching presidential election ? Far and wide it
will be given out that Mr. Buchanan disapproves
of the course of the Pierce administration in ref-
erence to Kansas, and thus another fraud like
that of 1844 will be attempted upon the people of
the North. Then the so-called democratic party
in Pennsylvania fought under the banner of Polk,
Dallas, Shuak, and the tariff of 1842; and the
only question in Pennsylvania was as to which of
the two candidates was to'be considered soundest
upon that particular measure. So far as the pro-
tective policy is concerned, they cannot deceive
our people any longer, as they have distinctly
unfurled to the breeze at Cincinnati the banner of
free trade, for the first time, openly and distinctly
avowed by them in Pennsylvania.
dissolution of the union.
Another part of the Democratic programme is,
the old and oft-repeated story and bugbear of
dissolution of the Union- Whilst, in the South,
they unceasingly apply themselves to the single
argument, vote for Mr. Buchanan, because he is
the soundest man upon our negro question, and
because in his election we can carry slavery into
all the Territories of the Union; aft because, in
his election, on this account, the value of our
negroes, as Governor Wise, of Virginia, said,
would be preserved and increased; in the North
they elongate their faoes, and hang their heads,
and prate nothing but dissolution of the Union.
Dissolution of the Union, for the establishment of
the J effersonian doctrine of slavery non-extension!
Non sen se! Dissolution of the Umon, for arresting
the progress of an evil, admitted to be such by the
fathers of the Confederacy, and for the arrest of
which they repeatedly interposed their power
and control!. Dissolution of the Union, for
preventing the growth of a system which I be-
lieve I have shown is gradually undermining the
wealth and strength and population of this grand
Confederacy! Dissolution of the Union, because
we will not consent to have the beautiful and
fertile Kansas, a country twice as large as Penn- j j
eylvania, and capable of maintaining a population II
of ten millions, erected into a slave State! Lying,
as it does, almost directly west of Philadelphia,
the great metropolis of my own native State, and
brought within close proximity to it by railroads
in progress of completion, it requires no prophetic
vision to see and tell the amount of interest the
city of brotherly love has in its preservation as
the home of the enterprising and industrious
freeman.
Kansas and Nebraska secured to freedom, you
build up a population of millions of thrifty agri-
culturists, manufacturers, and artisans, and the
rolling, swelling tide of trade, running into count-
less millions, will help to increase the magnificent
proportions of my own cherished city. The
keen and shrewd perception of a De Witt Clinton,
even when the far Northwest was an illimitable
forest, and inhabited alone by the Indian and the
panther, grasped the destined, mighty future of
Ohio, Michigan, Illinois,Indiana,and Wisconsin,
and persisted in the policy of the city of New
York to reach its arm in that direction, and
grapple the teeming wealth which that country, as
ne most surely predicted, would one day unfold.
Kansas and Nebraska is a still greater north-
west, already almost grappled by the city of
brotherly love; and if not destined, in the provi-
dence of God, to suffer under the blight of slavery,
, will prove to Philadelphia a reservoir of wealth,
from which she will draw perpetual and never-
ending-suppiies. Kansas and Nebraska, if free,
are destined to have a population of thirty mil-
lions: if slave, it will never rise to three, as free
white settlers refuse to go where the master's
lash takes the place of the freeman's will.
Let Philadelphia but continue to be influenced
by the ignis fatuus of dissolution of the Union,
about which such men as her Reeds, Biglers, and
Cadwaladers, are constantly prating, and the day
is not far distant when her commercial interests
will reap the fruits of a timidity at which even
southern men join in the laugh of derision. Dis-
solution of the Union for presuming to elect a
President and Vice President north of Mason and
Dixon's line, when the retrospect of our political
history for but a very few years points them to
Jackson and Calhoun,both from southern States;
to Adams, and Rush, and Harrison, and Gran-
ger, northern men, for whom these very men who
prate disunion cast their suffrage.
Sir, I was pleased to hear the noble stand on this
question taken by the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] a southern man. If north-
ern men would but read his speech, they would
drive demagogues from the stand, who would dare
to talk to them about disunion. That honorable
gentleman declares that the people of the United
States have the undoubted right to select, if they
choose, their President and Vice President from
either side of Mason and Dixon's line, without
offense to the people North or South. He justly
ridicules the cringing creature who fears to vote
his own convictions for any such unfounded
reason.
Another southern gentleman [Mr. Davis] from
Maryland justifies northern men in throwing their
votes for the man who represents the principle of
non-extension of slavery, when southern men of
all parties throw themselves in the opposite direc-
tion. Whilst he condemns sectionalism in either,
he points to the fact of southern men going to •
Mr. Buchanan, because they believe he is sound-
est on the slave question; and charges Mr. Buch-
anan and his friends with having created a
sectional party in behalf of the peculiar interest
of slavery, justifying, in his opinion, a counter
sectional party north of Mason and Dixon's •
line.
Let the legislation of the country be such as >
will make it flourish,and there will be"no danger
of a dissolution of the Union. If we have happy
and prosperous homes, we will not trouble our-
selves about localities, and whether we are north
or south of Mason and Dixon's line, our theme
will be the Union as it was, as it is, now and for
all time to come. As long as demagogues^ and _
dough-faces in the North are found traveling
about making disunion speeches, there will be .
found madmen enough in the South to join in the .
silly cry.
Why talk about an event which can never hap-
pen ? This Union is bound together by an indis-
