1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1213
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naturalization and Immigration—Mr. Hoffman.
Ho. op Reps.
territorial bills, it will be by the same combina-
tion of parties and of interests.
The party to which I belong, and with which
I cooperate, will lend its sanction and influence
to no such purpose, nor will they so far stultify
themselves and the land of their nativity as to
taktf any such gigantic stride towards denational- 1
ization. Let me oriefly refer to some of the pro-
visions of the bill reported from the Judiciary
Committee. Whilst, in my judgment, not all
that could be desired, it contains, nevertheless, :
several leading amendments, which, if ingrafted
upon, or substituted for,-the existing system of ;
naturalization, could not fail to be otherwise than ;
salutary in their influence. The committee has
left blank the " period of probation," though I
have understood a majority of the committee were
of opinion that it should not be less than seven
years; but as there were differences of opinion,
some being for a longer and others^for a shorter
term, they have left it for the House to fill the
blank. It provides fora " registry law"—a pro-
vision which commends itself to my judgment as
eminently wise and proper. The following is a
part of the language employed in setting out its
terms:
" Any alien, being a free white person, hereafter arriving
in the United States of America, over the age of twenty-
one years, can indicate the commencement of his or her
residence therein, or of the residence of his or her children,
or ward, or apprentice, in the following manner only: He
or she shall file with the clerk, or a regularly-appointed :
commissioner of a circuit or district court of the United
States, in some one of the States or Territories of the United
States of America, or in the District of Columbia, a state-
ment, in writing and under oath, plainly setting forth the
age, name, and description of the person of such alien ; the
name of tbe country from which such alien emigrated, and
of tbe sovereign or State of whom such alien is then the
subject or- citizen ; whether such alien is married, or un- !
married ; and if married, the name, age, sex, and personal
description of each of his or her children who have emi-
grated with him or her to the United States of America,
and also of any free white alien minor who may be in his
or her service. This statement shall be called ' the registry
of the alien,'" k c.
And again, in section five:
" Said [final] petition for admission shall be filed at least
twenty days before the commencement of the term of the
court at which such [final] application is made."
Also, in section ten:
" Sac. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be uti-
lawful for any of the courts mentioned in this act to hear
or grant an application for admission to citizenship within
thirty days immediately preceding an election for electors
of President and Vice President of the Un^d States, mem-
ben of Congress," fcc.
Thus it will be seen that the amendments pro-
posed in the bill before us are calculated to work
great and fundamental reforms. In its require-
ments of proof of character, both before and
since the applicant emigrated, I am not entirely
sure whether it woilld not be well, as to one
branch of it, to require proof of a different char-
acter from that provided in the bill. Would it
not also be well to exact an obligation that the
applicant would allow no man nor committee to
pay the costs of the process; to require a solemn
averment that he had not been prompted to seek
citizenship by any one through the hope or prom-
ise of pecuniary gain or advantage either at the
first approaching or any subsequent election?
Whilst, Mr. Chairman, all these additional se-
curities might notentirelyeradicate the evil, (con-
scious as I am how much depends upon those
who administer the law,) yet must they go very
far in removing the temptations by a subtrac-
tion of the facilities for fraud. It would destroy
the occupation of those who make it a business in
ferreting out, hunting up, and "putting through"
the raw material until the going down of the sun
upon the very day on which the solemn act of
sovereignty is being performed. Nor am I un-
mindful that, in carrying out the necessary re-
form, the hands of the General Government could
be much strengthened and supported by a cordial
cooperation and mutuality of effort upon the part
of the several State Legislatures. Of one thing,
Mr. Chairman, you may be well assured, that
we cannot over-estimate nor too highly appreciate
a pure elective franchise. It is the palladium of
constitutional liberty. And as a direct corollary
to the above, it is a most dangerous and perni-
cious policy to value citizenship too lightly, or to
make suffrage too cheap. If there be any mode
by which to acquire such franchise, or any way
in which to preserve it when acquired, it is cer-
tainly of the first importance to have a staid and
settled population; and such a population can
only be had where the period for acquiring citi-
zenship and suffrage is fixed at such intervals as
will enable settlers or immigrants sufficient time,
for acquiring a knowledge of the laws and wants
of the country, and of forming an attachment
which will beget a due appreciation of their im-
portance, as well as the necessity for their rigid
enforcement.
For many years past your greatest statesmen
have both seen and acknowledged the necessity
of a change in the existing system. They have
both spoken and written in favor of a modifica-
tion and revision, and yet, in spite of the annu-
ally increasing necessity, in full view of the boldest
ana most atrocious frauds, we have gone on from
year to year courting instead of resisting the evil,
until the system itself has been converted into a
sort of political machine for the benefit of selfish
politicians. With its percentage and its premi-
ums, its hot rivalries and truckling competitions,
its miserable panderings and debasing tendencies,
it had become the disgust and merited the con-
demnation of every man of true elevation of sen-
timent in the land, whether of native or offoreign j
birth. It was fast putting its quietus upon every- j
thing truly national or American in impulse or j
Mpiration; and when apparently most secure in j
its shameless rampancy, this American party {
sprang into the political arena, full-armed and ;
panoplied.
In proof of the remark just made, with reference :
to the opinion of the bestmformed and right think-
ing foreign-born citizens, let me cite a few extracts
from the "tract" of a Mr. Delery, of New Or-
leans, a Frenchman by birth, published a little
over two years since. It gives me the greatest
pleasure, too, in presenting these quotations, find-
ing them, as I do, under cover and with the ap-
proval of that distinguished Catholic reviewer,
(Mr. Orestes A. Brownson.) From the well
known character of Mr. Brownson, his well
known opposition to the American party as well
as that of the Church to which he belongs, I shall
run no risk of the charge from our friends across
the way of having brought to the witness stand a
" Know Nothing in disguise." Says Mr. Delery:
" Here we cannot help speaking of that process of natural-
zation ad hoc, hastily made a few days before the elections,
and the evident purpose of which is to win the day for some
selfish politician. Foreigners are enlisted and plied with
proper doses of cajolery; they are made to form an exag-
gerated idea of the rights they are about to enjoy, and are
not pestered with any hints about the duties of freemen and
citizen*, and thus, marshaled and watched over like a gang
of slavw, they are led to take the solemn oaths of citizen-
ship." * * * * " I will not insist upon the
careless manner in which the business of naturalization is
conducted, but i ask, what can the country gain by these
self-seeking maneuverers, which are less calculated to give
new citizens to the State than to strengthen tbe hands of
faction by an accession of new accomplices?"
Mr. Chairman, how true is it that these re-
cently adopted citizens, who form a class of al-
most every community, are plied with cajolery,
courted and fawned upon, just preceding every
important election. I thank God, sir, that a party
has arisen which does not mean to continue this
system of cajolery in order to conciliate and ob-
tain foreign votes. The American party pro-
poses to strike at the root of the evil, well know-
ing that the removal of the cause, of necessity
and at once, removes the effects flowing therefrom.
Another of the prominent grounds of objection
assumed by the American party against the pres-
ent system of naturalization, was, that in so far
from swelling the list of true citizens, it has but
served to strengthen the hands of faction. Why,
look you now, sir, to the attitude of parties in
this House, and in the country! Would the
charter of this city have been altered had there
been no election coming off, and no foreign votes
to be operated upon ? Were there no elections
to be held in the country this fall, and no alien
vote to secure, think you, sir^we should have
witnessed the humiliating spectacle of a double
effort at this session, to reenact such a provision
as that which now disgraces one of your terri-
torial organic acts ? Not only in this House, but
throughout the country, the Republican and Ad-
ministration parties are arrayed against the Amer-
ican party, and are even now engaged in a strug-
gle between themselves as to which shall secure
the larger share of the foreign vote; and how lam-
entably true is it, that in so doing they are but
strengthening the hands of faction, and endanger-
ing this Union !
And again, says the same author:
" Even magistrates, obedient to their present interest,
join in the plot against right and liberty, and wield the
authority with which they are clothed against the law.
They flatter those whom they fear; they threaten those by
whom they are feared. The honest citizen is marked down
as a black sheep; the friend of justice is held up as an
enemy of tbe people ; political integrity is a ground forpro-
| scription; all praises are reserved for baseness and fraud.
; In this miserable antagonism of paltry interests, the cause
of the country fades into the bacK oi'iid, and the wretches
who live at the expense of its honor fill the scene."
! Here we have the plain, unvarnished truth,
Even the sworn officers of the law have not been
• exempt from guilt in this matter; it has entered
the tribunals of justice, and those clothed with
the ermine have become the ready resource of the
factionist and the demagogue. Metninks the author
must have had in his mind's eye the man who
presides at the other end of the avenue when he
penned the above. Whether intended or not, he
lias certainly drawn a faithful picture of the pres-
ent occupant of the White House, whose highest
ambition has been to hunt down by proscription
the honest, independent, free-thinking American,
because of his American sentiments. Political
integrity has served but as a shining mark which
only the more certainly made its possessor a tar-
get for the poisoned arrow of executive vengeance.
So wholly absorbed has it been in carrying out
this unholy work of American proscription, that
it could find no time to devote to the furtherance
of the public interests. The cause of the co.untry
has been forgotten or neglected", whilst civil dis-
cord and fraternal war, begotten in great measure
by its faithlessness and treachery, have raged
unchecked within your Territories. What apol-
ogy has it to offer an outraged people for all this ?
"Will it plead its unsuccessful efforts to crush out
Americanism as a valid excuse ? Sir, the verdict
of enlightened public judgment already is, that
the cause of the country has been placed in the
background, whilst this miserable Administration,
which has lived at the expense of its honor, has
filled the foreground. The picture has been
sketched by a master hand; a more faithful por-
traiture never was drawn. Betrayed and deceived
as it was at Cincinnati, it now has the still deeper
mortification to have seen that platform, which
was constructed with a view to cover its igno-
minious retreat from office, deliberately torn from
under it by the action of a two thirds Democratic
Senate, in overriding its internal improvement
vetoes. It now lies prostrate, crushed by the
indignant condemnation of an abused and deceived
people, who are only waiting the forms of the
Constitution to stamp it with the official, burning
decree of popular execration.
But let us to the comments of Mr. Brownson
on this tract of Mr. Delery. With such an ad-
miral practical text before him, it is not to be
wondered at, that even the erratic and eccentric
i reviewer should have sermonized upon Native
Americanism in the best style of the art. In the
succeeding number, that for October, 1854, page
; 485, he communicates a fact which gives addi-
tional zest to the quotations which I am how
about to read, viz : that the doctrine set forth in
the July number was published " with the sanc-
tion of his bishop, or a theologian appointed by him."
' So that in effect it is a church speaking—a church,
too, by and for which the American party has
been arraigned and held up before the country
as the enemy of " civil and religious freedom,
charged with seeking to destroy vested rights,
\ and to debar foreigners " better than ourselves"
from the " inalienable right to rule America."
Well, sir, Mr. BrowBson shall answer all the
objections raised by our friends on the other side
of the House. And first, as to the character of
the class for whom this " inalienable right" is
claimed. Says Mr. Brownson, p. 344:
" But, whatever the doctrines they avow, or the real
convictions of their minds, it must be conceded that the
great body of foreigners, naturalized or simply resident
among us, are not republican in their spirit, their interior
habits, and their interior life and dicipline., 1 hey have not
that inward and abiding sense of the State, of law in the
abstract, and of liberty with authority, which issoessenual
, to practical as distinguished from theoreticalI republicanism.
I Hence their invariable tendency to confoand republicanism
