1214
AP^fcNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naturalization and Immigration—Mr. Hoffman.
Ho. of Reps.
with democracy, and democracy with radicalism. They
lack practical republican training."
Mr. Chairman, the American party attaches
no censure to this "great body; of foreigners"
for their want of " republican spirit." We well
know that all the evils of which we complain
spring from that " lack of practical republican
training';" hence, sir, the amendments which we
propose to your present system of naturalization
are intended!, simply to supply that deficiency by
an extended period of republican schooling. It
is not to proscribe these men; it is not to deny to
others that which we ourselves enjoy. What we
desire is, that when they undergo the solemn
sanctions of naturalization, and swell the roll of
voters, they may not be citizens in name merely,
but citizens in fact—honest, loyal, American citi-
zens. The American party requires nothing more
—it seeks nothing more—it would have nothing
more.
Again, says Mr. Brownson:
"In later years, congregated in our larger cities, and
spread along the lines of our public works, the foreign col-
onists have been the ready resource of violent partisans and
unprincipled demagogues, whether native or foreign-born,
and have become so important an element in our political
warfare, that we had the mortification in our last presiden-
tial election to see both parties make the question turn on
which should secure the foreign vote. Here is the real
danger that rouses up the native American spirit."
We are now reaping the bitter fruits of that
" turn," in the alienation of one section of our
country from the other; in the loss of public con-
fidence, and in our disordered territorial and
foreign affairs. It may be but a righteous retri-
bution for our folly and wickedness in thus pan-
dering', and tampering, and political gambling
with the foreign vote. Amid all the gloomy ap-
prehensions so justly entertained in view of the
present triangular presidential canvass, it cannot
be otherwise than cheering to the heart of the true
patriot to know that there is one party to which
ne may turn with the well founded and grateful
assurance that its candidates are law-abiding, its
principles national, and its objects American.
But again: To those gentlemen upon the other
aide of the House who affect to treat this subject
lightly—who deride the idea of danger from the
great influx of foreigners, the now easy access to
the ballot-box, and the abuse of the same; who
are ever and anon plying us with the question
whether we seriously feel what we express upon
this subject—the same witness shall answer for
us. Says he:
" When we consider that a foreign population, at the rate
of a quarter of a million or more annually, is poured in
upon us, with foreign manners, foreign tastes, usages, and
habits, and by far the largest part of them imbued with
erroneous notions of our institutions, and prepared to push
democracy to extreme radicalism, few of us can deny that
there is at least some cause for apprehension, especially
since our Batural-born citizens are already to a fearful
extent animated by an ultra-democratic spirit. There is a
real danger that it will not do either to deny or disguise ; but
which must be bravely met in some way, if we are to
remain a model Republic, a well-ordered Republic, and not
degenerate into the government of the mob."
Such, Mr. Chairman, ^as the opinion of this
reviewer. Such is the opinion of the American
party, honestly entertained, honestly believed.
And with such convictions, they would be false
to tbeir trust, false to their highest duty, and
false to their country, did they fail to take these
matters in hand, and agitate them before the
people,until the politicians and demagogues shall
be swept from tneir places of power, and their
seats filled by Americans, who will see to it that
these vital amendments are incorporated into
your statute-book.
Assuming, then, that the danger really exists,
does it not behoove us speedily to setabout adopt-
ing some line of policy that will roll back the tide
which thus threatens to ingulf all our hopes ? To
do this, it must be " bravely met;" ana who so
competent to a work requiring either moral or
physical courage as the " Sons of the sires?" But
how shall it be met ? Our " reviewer," with the
inspiring " text" still before him, was at no loss
* in suggesting a remedy—one which, however men
may differ as to its expediency, none certainly will
be found todenyits entire efficacy. It is as follows:
" The true policy of every republican country, tee believe,
is to confine suffrage and eligibility to natural-born citizens,
although it should ordinarily render naturalization, so far as
civil and distinguished from political citizenship is con-
cerned, as easy as possible. If the framers of our Govern-
' ment had contemplated such an influx of foreigners as we
: have witnessed for the last few years, we think they would
have confined the political rights of citizenship, suffrage, and
eligibility to natural-born citizens. There would have been
no hardship to foreigners in this; there would be no hardship
<n doing so now to those not already naturalized, because no
foreigner can claim these rights as a natural right."
Well, sir, the American party do not even go
to the length here recommended. I fully agree,
however, with the writer, that had the present
I state of things been foreseen by the framers of
the Constitution, they doubtless would have
restricted citizenship, suffrage, and eligibility, in
accordance with the opinion here expressed. Nor
does Mr. Brownson stand alone in these opinions.
As I have previously shown, he has the indorse-
ment of " his bishop," and of the clergy gener-
ally of that Church, for and on account of which
the American party have encountered more de-
. nunciation and abuse than from all other quarters
combined.
< But, sir, I am unwilling to pass from this sub-
ject without giving our friends across the way the
benefit of a little advice, which is both wholesome
and well-timed; and although given by the author
only to his Catholic and foreign fellow-citizens,
■ it strikes me is peculiarly befitting many of the
opponents of the American party who are neither
Catholic nor foreign. It is this:
" In the mean time, we beg our naturalized citizens aflfl
foreign residents to bear in mind, that the native American
, sentiment is but the sentiment of American nationality, and
1 that it is their duty, as well as their interest, to respect it,
' and not to ridicule and vituperate it."
| I find that my time is rapidly passing, and there-
! fore invite the attention of the committee, for a few
minutes, to the subject of immigration. So inti-
mately is this question connected with the one we
have just been considering, that Judge Adams, of
Mississippi, in his bill before the Senate, has asso-
ciated them in one act. The speech which he deliv-
ered in the Senate afew weeks since in defense of
his propositions, is replete with practical good
| sense, andpresentsamass oftestimony which can-
not fail to open still wider the eyes of the American
people to the danger already upon us, and to be
apprehended from this source. He has exhibited,
with unmistakable accuracy and clearness, the
necessity for action upon the part of the General
Government. I shall cite some of the more recent
of his proofs. And first, we have the communi-
j cation of Mayor Wood, of New York, who,
though elected as an anti-American, has shown
his true American giit in being able to surmount
party prejudices in the discharge of official duty.
In January, 1855, he addressed a message to the
Common Council of that city, from which the fol-
lowing is an extract:
"An examination of the criminal arid pauper records
■hows conclusively that it is but a small proportion dfthese
unfortunates who are natives of this country. One of the
very heaviest burdens we bear is the support of these people,
i even when considering the direct cost; but when estimat-
! ing the evil influences upon society, and the contaminating
1 effect upon all who come within the range of their depraved
, minds, it becomes a matter exceedingly serious, and de-
manding immediate and complete eradication. I know of
! no subject of more importance; certainly we have the
power to protect the city against the landing of so vile an
' addition to our population ; the health, as well as the life
and property of the people for whom you legislate requires
some action at your hands. I am confident the General
Government will listen to any representations from you re-
lating to it, and interpose its national authority in our behalf.
On the 2d instant, I made this grievance the subject of an
| official communication to the President of the United
States."
j Here, also, is proof of a still later date. In a
, communication from Mr. Shultze, writing from
1 Leipsic on the 4th of June, 1855, he says:
j " It cannot be denied that, for some time, the Govern-
: ments of some States, and also the authorities of several
communities, have deemed it convenient to free themselves
I from their paupers by shipping them to the United States.
' It is also notorious that criminals, after having suffered
punishment, have, in the same manner, been transported
to the United States, with a view to free the community of
them forever."
Again, from the same place, George Schreider,
general agent for the German immigration, writes,
| on June 9, 1855, as follows:
I " It cannot be denied that European Governments and
principalities have been in the practice of freeing themselves
from their paupers, and even of their more or less guilty
criminals, by sending them to America, and paying the cost
of their voyage to the sea-ports, and the passage from there
to America, without making provision for the wants of this
unhappy class of people to enable them to commence an
honest trade.
" The circulars Unwed by the immigration agents in the
interior of Germany caution immigrants who are deformed,
crippled, or maimed, &c., against taking passage to New
York, and advise them to go by way of Baltimore, New
Orleans, or Quebec, where the laws prohibiting the lauding
of immigrants of the above classes do not apply.
" I am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,
" W. hunter, Assistant Secretary.
" To the Mayor of New Orleans." *
Still further, Simon P. Huff, of the city of
|i New York, attorney-at-law, being duly sworn,
testified as follows:
"The law requires a previous residence of five years in
■ the United States, and in the State of one year, and the
witnesses have sworn to these facts; but I have been
satisfied in my own mind that they knew nothing about it.
The books show that in a number of instances the same
witness has testified for fifty, sixty, or one hundred ap-
plicants. I have seen instances when the witness was
, ignorant of the name of the applicant, and would ask him
j bis name in his native language. I have seen witnesses
; i hanging about the court, who, I was satisfied, were there
for the purpose of being witnesses for persons applying for
| naturalization ; some of them have told me that they were
t paid for being witnesses; some of these were not citizens;
| and in one instance, I remember, after a man had been
: witness for a number of applicants, he was himself 'nat-
; uralized."
! But, Mr. Chairman, are we to be told here, as
we have been told elsewhere, that there is no dif-
. ference of opinion between the foreign party and
I ourselves on this subject ? Such was the ground
taken in my own State pending the election of
last year, and such, I am informed by Judge
Adams, was the ground taken in Mississippi and
I in other States. Our Administration friends,
! when pressed before the people, professed to be
; quite as radical in their desire to exclude the
| " foreign pauper and criminal" as was the most
i zealous and exclusive American. Were they
then, or are they now, sincere in thei  professions ?
If so, why did they not pass a bill of this char-
' acter during the last Congress, when they had
1 one before them, reported by Mr. Wentworth,
1 of Massachusetts, and when they had control of
; both branches of Congress by overwhelming ma-
| iorities, with a President ready to do their bid-
i ding ? The attention of the President, as we have
' seen, was called to this matter, and made the sub-
I ject of an official communication by Mayor
! W ood, so far back as January, 1855; and yet, up
' to this hour, not a word has Congress heard from
him—him whose constitutional duty it is to ad-
J vise with us as to "whatever is necessary or
: expedient." This bill of Senator Adams was
among the very earliest introduced at this session,
and yet it was not until a few weeks since that he
Was permitted to call it up, and then only on a
Saturday, when there was no quorum present
And when he had spoken as became art American
Senator, Mr. Weller, of California, asked him
whether " he was willing (since he had been heard)
that his bill should now sleep the sleep that knows
no waking?" Is this the way in which the Ad-
ministration party can most successfully con-
vince the American people that they are in earnest ?
Is it just, is it fair, is it courteous, thus to turn
from a question having such a direct bearing upon
the burdens of taxation, the well-being of society,
and the true prosperity of the country ? The
American people will answer these questions at
the ballot-box; and let me tell gentlemen of the
Opposition, that when they come to sit in judg-
ment upon these facts, the verdict which they wiJl
render will teach them that something more is
required than hollow professions. We have lived
to but little profit, if we have not ere this dis-
covered that it is a most deplorable, if not fatal
mistake to rely upon mere numbers in computing
national prosperity and greatness. And yet there
are those before me who will say, practically, at
least, by their votes upon this bill, " a man is a
man, and counts one, whatever be his character,
wherever he comes from, whether he contribute
to the talent, industry, or patriotism of the coun-
try, or goes to swell its wretchedness, pauperism,
and crime." One of the early and few faults of
the framers of our system of government, was
greatly to exaggerate the importance of a rapidly
swelling population. It is but due to them, how-
ever, to state that this mistake was rft>t long in
being discovered, and its pernicious effects sought
to be counteracted. Hence we find the great and
good Washington writing to John Adams, very
soon after the adoption of the Constitution, "My
opinion with respect to immigration is that, ex-
cept of useful mechanics, and some particular
