1216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Trafton.
Ho. op Reps.
But, sir, it is our business—the bdiiness of
every freeman, of each member of this Confed-
eracy—not only to guard the Constitution, and
to watch with Argus-eyed vigilance the public
Treasury, But to protect the weak, to watch
against the violation of the principles of justice,
without which all government is powerless, and
to promote that right-doing which alone exalts a
nation.
There is such a thing as national virtue and faith;
and he is false to his trust as a legislator, and a
traitor to humanity, who adopts that impious
maxim, " My country, right or wrong!" I hold
that a true and faithful legislator will be just as '
jealous of the fair fame and high integrity of his
country as that of his family, or of his own per- j
sonal character. Sir, it is not possible that peerless
intellect, legislative tact and skill, can supply the 1
loss of public justice and faith. We have,inour
recent history, bitter proof that the most power-
ful intellect, the most profound knowledge of
jurisprudence, the most intimate acquaintance
with the science of political economy, and a
familiarity with constitutional obligations and
powers equal to household words, avail nothing,
in the absence of those more important elements
of moral power which exhibit themselves in a
regard to, and defense of, the rights of the poor ,
and down-trodden, and which secure the homage
of the heart, and open the way to the confidence
and affection of the masses. All that concerns
humanity concerns us as individuals, and more '
especially those who stand here as the law-makers :
of twenty-six millions of human beings. We j
cannot throw off this responsibility, if we would. I
We will not be turned from our purpose by that
taunting cry, "It is none of your business."
The great act of the age, the repeal of the com-
promise of 1820, that breach of national faith
which brings a blush to the cheek of every true
American citizen, is our business. The opening
of millions of square miles to the evil and curse
of slavery is our business. The robbing of our !
children of their fair inheritance is our business. !
And, sir, it is our business to thwart these trea- i
sonable purposes, to roll back this tide of woes, \
and restore again to the country .the peace of
which ithas been robbed bythese atrocious deeds;
and I doubt not, next November will show that
the people will understand in its true sense that
apostolic precept, " Mind your own business!"
Sir, some years since, a celebrated French phi-
losopher, observing that this globe was subject to
considerable perturbations when in a certain part
of its orbit, inferred the presence of some un-
known disturbing body in that region. He turned
his glass in that direction, and discovered a new
planet. Our body-politic presents such phenom-
ena. We are agitated, disturbed, unsettled. And
yet, sir, I am not alarmed. I have faith in God
—in an overruling Providence. Such agitations
and shocks are incident to rapidly growing bodies.
Organic changes cannot take place without excite-
ment. The human body never suffers so much
as in its most rapid growth. We are passing
through important changes—developing our re-
sources, enlarging our borders, and increasing
our powers and capabilities.
Sir, we shall not soon sink, I trust, into a dis-
honored grave. We have before us a long and
glorious career — a work to accomplish in the
earth hardly yet commenced; and that hand that
guided the Mayflower, and sustained the Pilgrims,
will guide and sustain us.
Mr. Chairman, what is the cause of all this
agitation ? It is slavery—a system so opposed to
all just notions of republicanism, so repugnant
to all the sentiments of freedom in the human
heart, so inconsistent with the great principles of
liberty, for which the fathers fought, that it is not
even named in our Constitution—not provided
for in that instrument, but only suffered to exist,
as an evil which it was supposed would soon die
out and come to an end.
But, alas! sir, that d ream of the sages and patri-
► ots.of the olden time has not been realized, but,
instead, it has become the settled policy of the
South; and the principal occupation of large
numbers of American citizens is the rearing of
men, women, and children for the market! Great
God ! has it come to this—that enlightened and
civilized men—men Who profess faith in one com-
mon Father, in Christian revelation, in the im-
provability and future elevation of humanity—so
far forget their former condition and degradation,
the benefits they have derived from civilization
t#id Christianity, as to rear and sell in the market,
to be driven off like cattle, worked down to their
graves, men and women, human beings like them-
selves, sometimes their own offspring, for no
earthly cause but because they had given them by
their Creator a black skin! The question natur-
ally arises, what right have their owners to prop-
erty in man ? Who gave you this right ? What
is the ground of this singular claim ? Is it crea-
tion? No, sir; God made man, and says, " All
souls are mine." Isitconquest? No, youhave
not been at war with Africa, and taken prisoners,
who, by the laws of ancient warfare, have for-
feited their freedom to you. Is it purchase ?
Who had authority to sell and convey'to you a
human being? Show a bill of sale from your
Maker, and we will admit it to be authoritative—
until that time we demur. No, sir; in the eter-
nal principles of right, one man cannot own an-
other until authority is given by the Creator.
And this, sir, brings me to notice the singular
Fiosition taken by the gentleman from Georgia, j
Mr. Stephen^.] The main ground for this
arrogant assumption is the inferiority of the race.
Do not lose sight of the fact, that he is an in*
terested party who comes into court to decide this |
vital question. And what is this white-skinned \
race, which assumes to decide this matter? An |
improved man merely, not angelic by any means. v
He assumes his own superiority, and the infe-
riority of another, and then draws the grand con- !
elusion, " this being is therefore bound to serve
me for nothing—to bow, and cringe, and trem-
ble." But a few years back, and this interested ■■
witness and judge was an untutored savage, more :
rude and barbarous than those over whom he ;
now swings his whipv I object, sir, to this de- j
cision, and appeal the cause to the court of uni- [
versal humanity.
Mr. Chairman, again and again has the asser- ;
tion been made on this floor, that the African is ,
an inferior race; and the speakers have announced j
this with as much gusto as if a new principle in j
ethnology had been discovered. Sir, this is not
new. We have heard this often from the vaunt-
ing Saxon. But we might pause here, and file a
caveat; it may well be doubted whether we, as a
race, stand at the head of God's creation.
It is singular that a race so wanting in homo-
geneousness, such a conglomerate of all the odds
and ends of creation—a race, any individual of
which might, if disposed to trace up his lineage,
find himself run into the grossest barbarism, if
notattheend of a string—that such a race should,
in its pride and arrogance, put its foot upon the
neck of a subdued race, crush out by a long pro-
cess of most degrading and destructive policy the
last impulsions of ambition, and the last linger-
ing light of hope, and then attempt to palliate his
rank offense by the plea of inferiority ? Is this
humane? Is this the obligation of man to man?
Is this fulfilling the royal law, " Bear ye one
another's burdens,"&c. ? Why, sir, in this, if
it be so, is found the strongest reason for the de-
struction of this accursed system. Because they
are inferior, weak, crushed, broken, friendless—
because " on the part of the oppressor there is
power, but they have no helper"—because they i
cannot, unaided, free themselves from this thral- j
dom, and throw off these chains which have j
galled them for years—because, I say, of all this, \
we should help them. i
But, Mr. Chairman, what kind of logic is j
this? The African race is inferior to the Saxon.-1
Granted—and what follows? Slavery? Will the j
honorable member from Georgia risk his reputa- j
tion for clearness.of perception and logical acumen j
upon such a proposition ? Sir, there is a long
reach from the major proposition to the conclu- j
sion here; and they come together just about as
closely as the arithmetical proposition of which
I once heard: " If ten yards of cotton cloth be j
equal to one galloa of molasses, how far is it from '
Cape Cod to the fourth of July ?" j
If this be a just and sufficient ground for en-
slaving the African, it is equally good for enslav-
ing all other inferior races. Look at it. "The
inferior race should be in subjection to the supe-
rior," says this convenient logic. But the CeJt
is inferior to the Saxon—ergo, the Celt should be
the slave of the Saxon. And, sir, it is but recently
that I heard the remark from one of these de-
fenders of this nefarious system, that the best
thing that could be done for the hordes of for-
eigners flocking to our shores would be at once
to enslave them ! Yes, sir, let free men bear this
in mind, that the slaveholders do not put the
right of one man to own another upon the ground
of color, but upon condition! The strong may
enslave the weak! It is the principle at which
we look—all that is wanting is the opportunity;
and the man who fastens the chains upon the
limbs of the black will with equal readiness,
when opportunity offers, fasten them upon the
white man.
The gentleman's argument, then, proves too
much, and consequently proves nothing. He
may just as well enslave the Indian, the Hindoo,
the Mongolian, the Tartar, as the African.
But I lay all these circumstances aside. I place
before me two men—one by his Creator covered
with a white skin, the other with a black. They
are both men, present the peculiar attributes and
possess the traits of humanity. They both think,
reason, perceive—have sensation, hope and fear—
love and hate—smile and weep. And then I ask,
in the name of God, who made all of one blood,
what right has one to chattelke his fellow which
does not inhere in the other? Let the gentleman
over the way answer.
But, Mr. Chairman, a remarkable feature of
the present phase of this system is, that its apol-
ogists go to the Bible for its defense! To the
Bible, to support a system of oppression, rob-
bery, and wrong which fit^ds no parallel in Jew-
ish, Roman, Greek, or Turkish slavery or servi-
tude! A system of which a great man, a rare
logician, and finished scholar, who came to this
country as a chaplain to one of the first Governors
of Georgia, in 1732, has said,," It is the vilest that
ever saw the sun," " the sum of all villainies."
I was surprised and pained to see the member
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] hold up the Bible,
and declare in substance that American slavery
rests for its authority upon that book. And then
he quoted from the Old Testament the permission
given to the Jews to buy bond men and women
of the heathen round about them. But does this
sustain American slavery? Are we under a the-
ocracy?, Does the gentleman admit the cere-
monial law of the old Jewish theocracy to be
authoritative? Does he submit to, and practice,
all the commandments and requisitions of that
code? But he says it sustains the principle. No,
sir; I deny it. All that it does—all it can be found
to do, is to declare what a Jew three thousand
years ago might or might not do. Such regula-
tions of the internal policy of the Jewish theoc-
racy have no more to do with us and our moral
obligations and duties one to another, than have
the mysterious hieroglyphics which adorn the
ancient sepulchers and pyramids of Egypt.
Again: the text he read says: " Ye may or
shall buy of the heathen," &c. Who, in the
name of common sense, are we, who set ourselves
up as the chosen of God—elect, precious ? We
are but the offshoots and descendants of the very
people of whom the Jews were permitted to buy
servants. Let the gentleman—let the bold defend-
ers of slavery on the ftpposite side of the House
show us a rescript from the Almighty, giving
them the authority to buy and sell men, and we
will bow to it.
Mr. Chairman, let me ask the erudite gentle-
man: " Were those black men whom the Jews
were permitted to buy?" And if not—and no
man in this Hall will affirm it—then I press upon
the defenders of this system this point: You are
bound to throw off the mask, and boldly declare
that a white man or woman may be as justly
enslaved as a black man. Do this—let the great
Democratic party of the country insert this into
their platform—that might is right, and the rich
man has the divine right to buy and s^pe Poor
man, because he itf poor.
But the gentleman has pressed this matter too
far; and, while intending to fly a high and fatal
arrow, his deceitful bow has turned in his hand,
and himself received the wound. The same book,
the same rescript, permitted polygamy. The gen-
