1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
34th Cong,... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Trafton.
Ho. of Reps.
Ueman from Georgia holds up .the Bible, and
•xclaims, " I hold ray slaves under the authority
of this book. Abraham held slaves—he was the
Father of the Faithful—I follow his example."
And the gentleman from Utah smiles compla-
cently,and mentally exclaims, "My constituents
hold as many wives as they choose, on the same
authority. Abraham had a plurality of wives—
and he was the Father of the Faithful—we fol-
low his example." .
Sir, a greater than Abraham has said, " Fot
all the law and the prophets were [in authority]
until John; since that time, the kingdom of God
is preached." Let any man read the Sermon on
the Mount, and then go and buy or sell a human
being' as a chattel. But the gentleman imagines
he finds authority for this crime in a case which
lie )taraded before us with an air of perfect tri-
umph. It is the case of the centurion who re-
quested the Lord Jesus to heal his servant—a
mail of humility, and of faith in the healing power
of the Sw" " I am not worthy—I have under
me soiaiers—1 say <.«j my servant [was he black ?1
do this, and he doetk it—and so thou canst send
a word, instead of going thyself, and heal tny ser->
▼ant.'' Christ says* ■" I have not found so great,
faith—no, not in Israel;" and it is inferred from
this -expression, that American slavery is not a
sin, because this slaveholder had greftt faith !
This, again,, we must- say, is stretching logic
lather too far. It is notsaid. thisman was a
Christian—his moral character was not indorsed :
—only that he bad faith in the power of I
to do a miracle. . No* is it; proved that he owaed
a slave—or, if iw? dkl j,.that he was a black,
" woolly-headed fellow," as the gentleman was
pleased t? call them. He says, "Paul sent l^ack
aalave to his master." We answer*" not .as a
servant, but ,ab ve- a servant-—as a brother - be-
loved." j, , • •
Mr. Chairman, the attempt to provechattelship
in humanity from the Bible is& libel on its Author.
When we consider the peculiarities of those early-
times, the degradation of the people1, Iheir hard-
ness of heart, and dullness of apprehension,,we
are not surprised " that for the hardness of'their
hearts" the Divine Author of that Book should
suffer some things to exist, which are utterly-pro-
hibited under a higher and; purer dispensation,
and in an advanced stage of humanity; and that
a aao then might practice, with impunity, what
now is branded as,a crime. But, even then, the
institutions of the Jews were such as to promote
tenderness of heartland to call often for the prac-
tice of the milder virtues which adorn the Chris**,
tian cliaracter.
/ The stfgpgpflt probabiJLity exial^ for Wieving
the servitude of the Jewish age to,be mostly vol-
uotary. The heathen parent had the power to
sell his child—prisoners taken in w^ir inight be
sold, as they, by the laws of nations, had forfeited
their lives to the conqueror. Jews..might sell
their own services; but, by a provision in the law,
at the end of seven years they went out free,
^od how carefully was hafsh and cruel treat-
ment of servants guarded against by that statute
which forbade the rendition of the fugitive ser-
vant to his master! Sir, the code of Moses was
not disgraced by a fugitive slave law. - It was left >
for the great American Republic to devise this [
flagrant violation of all principles of justice and
humanity. " Thou shalt not return the servant
•gain to his master that hath escaped up Jo thee;
but in the place where he chooseth, there shall '
he dwell by thee." !
Now, sir, we are told that this referred to !
heathen slaves, escaping from their servitude, to ;
the Jewish people; and as by such escape they i
were brought into .contact with the truth, they
should not be sent back. Sir, this is simply ri- ,
diculous. Why, what international law of comity
existed between the Jews and heathen, that ren- ■
dered such an interdiction necessary ? None at
all. The nations filling all that land of the cove-
nant were doomed to death, and a Jew would
never have dreamed of returning a fugitive, nor
would one have attempted to find sanctuary
among them. No, sir;, this rigid regulation was
intended to prevent harshness and cruelty on the
part of Jewish masters, and sustains the idea of
voluntary servitude among them. I
Sir, I come now for a. moment to notice the i
New Series—No. 77.
most extraordinary and astounding defense of
slavery to which it has ever been my lot to listen.
I have heard, sir, of a great many things being
done on Christian principles. I have seen pro-
posals to teach dancing on Christian principles,
and heard of a man who threatened to wring
another's nasal organ to the "glory of God;"
but all this is thrown into the shade by the
defense of slavery set up by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Foster,] on the plea of getting
them to Heaven! Sir, how pathetically he de-
scribed the deathbed of the pious slave — how
earnestly he wished some of us were there to see,
or at least that we would read a " little book" he
wot of!
Why, sir, was the gentleman serious ? Sir, an
Uncle Tom may die happily in thedog-house of a
patriarchal Legre, and die, too, of blows received
from a savage master. Butwhat does that prove ?
That slavery is divine? No?sir; but that the Gos-
pel is more potent than chains. These triumphant
deaths are hot because of slavery, but in spite of
it— just as some sick -people reeover, in spite of
both doctors and disease. Whp.t a spectacle is
here presented: a company ot men, banded
together to sustain a system of slavery for gain,
really and ostensibly, forbidding', under severest
penalties, the teaching slaves to read the Word of
Gpd; and then, when some devoted missionary
has .found these neglected and wronged beings,
and preached to them the Word of Life, and they
die, shou ting out their hopes of eternal glory, their
masters),turn round and piously thank God. that-
the jr have been the humble i nstrumen ts of bringing
their tslaves from dftrkness -to light, and landing
them safely in heaven ! ; l"'
- But.^ir, I have been taught to believe that the
Gospel w«s intended to do something more for
men than to secure a happy deathbed; that it
secufes " the promise of the life that now is, and
of that which is to come.", ,It is a rule of life for
all men, in all conditions. Read the teachings
of the?great Master,,and mark how constantly
and-earnestly he insist-.upon the practice of: the
social-virtues;-how. he exalts and .honors the
relations-of .life; -how carefully he guards the
rightajcif the poor, and how sternly he reproves
the oppressor; how he sanctifies• the claims of
humaiHty, staking them eqpal to the claims of
God.! •• " If thou bring' thy gift to the altar, and
th£pe.fememberest that thy brother hath aught
against thee, leave there thy gift. First be recon-t
ciled to thy brother;'then come.and offer thy
gift.'' Could h«& who-.taught thus sanction human:
chattelship?r.l it44 prepes&jM*ti.
But a greater wonder still is, that this plan had
not been thought of by the great Author of the
Gospel at an earlier day. Then,instead of the-
command, " Go ye into all the world," &0f, it
would havs been, " Go and catch all the heathen,
you can, and bring them to Jerusalem, and give
them the Gospel." Admirable scheme ! In this
way, what a vast amount -of personal suffering
mighthave been avoided ? How many mission-
aries' lives ,would have been saved;! Fat and-
easy-lmag priests-would have-been permitted to
sit quietly in their closets, and, bringing the hea-
then world before them, apply to them a motive
six feet long, with, a snapper on the end of it, to
move them to say their prayers! Sublime idea!
Heaven to be reached through the horrible mid-
dle passage, and a plantation life of five years!
Sir, fancy yourself on the Gaboon river, in
Africa, and a notice in the shape of a large hand-
bill strikes your eye:
" To Heaven with Dispatch.—The fast-sailing Baltimore
clipper Swiftfoot will sail as above, direct for the better
land, via the Model Republic,, Bates of passage, five years
on a cotton plantation, and then the passengers will be sent
shouting home to heaven."
Sir, see now your missionaries, under this
scheme. They sally out at midnight, surround
some quiet kraal, raise a shout that startles hell
almost, fire . the huts; and as the frightened
wretches rush out, they are peized, bound, hurried
on ship-board, and stowed in the suffocating
hold, in a height of eighteen inches and a space
a foot square. The old and infirm are butchered
on the spot, and left to the " uncovenanted mer-
cies of God!" The remainder are hurried across
the ocean. , Morning by morning, the hatches
are opened, and a half do^en or more suffocated
creatures are pitched overboard to the sharks.
Unhappy men, who failed of reaching this happy
land, ana of receiving the godly teachings of these
southern patriarchs! Sir, the picture is too hor-
rible ! As I live, sir, I would rather run my
chance of heaven in the darkness and degrada-
tion of that benighted land, than to pass this ter-
rible ordeal.
But, sir, here again the argument goes too far,
and consequences follow which I doubt if even
these gentlemen are prepared to indorse. If the
benefits arising from slavery are so immense,
then it is our duty at once to reopen the slave
trade; and we are coming to this. Already some
southern papers are advocating this policy; and
as sure as the free Territories are not shut and
sealed against this system of wrong and outrage,
so sure will the example set by New York be
followed by other sea-ports, abd thousands of
Africans will be imported to our shores. Our
Navy, commanded by southern men mainly,
would be powerless, as it has ever been, for ties
suppression of this evil.
But, sir, this terrible result must be prevented
at all hazards. Resistance to the further extension
of slavery must be our motto, our watchword,
and the great issue in the coming contest; and in
doing this, we encroach upon no rights; we in-«
flict wrong upon none. We were asked yester-
day, by the gentleman from Kentucky, fMr. H.
Marshall,] if southern men have not the right
to take their property into the free territory of
the United States ? I answer, that depends upon
what that property is. As a southern man, he
has tire same right to the occupancy of free ter-
ritory as myself; bat -he has' only the right to
occupy it for thfepurpoBOSOf freedom, and as &
free matt. He must Keep within the charter, and'
that-Secures " W> ourselves afid to our > posterity-
the blessings of liberty." Slavery is repugnant
to the Constitution—not once named therein; and'
it cannot be that the fathers could ever have
intended the nationalisation of a system which
they Were ashamed to name in the great charter
of freedom.'
Newi'sir, we protest-against the introduction
of slavery into the Territories, not only because
the Constitution does flot provide for it, but
because it is plainly unconstitutional^ Sir, the'
gentleman from Georgia- [Mr. Stepuens] was
pleased, some time £i_ftca,.tai&y down the axiom,
" Timt.what .is utyustjU unconstitutional." I
agre% with fiirft. 'Qui' constitutional provisions
^nd guarantees'are supposed to be founded in
the principles of Justice; if not so, then are they
a nullity. ...
Sir, it-is unjust to deprive any citizen of his
rights. To exclude him from the common domain
of the country would be to deprive him of his
rights; and, therefore, such an act would be un-
constitutional. But when slavery is introduced
into, (any portion , of- territory, and becomes an
institution there, it excludes the free citizen; and,
therefore, its introduction is .unconstitutional.,
We say to our southern brethren, " Go into the
Territories—but go as we go—go as freemen,
with free principle^ and free institutions, and we
can live and labor together. But when you take
with , yot  that which is property only by local
laws, which is an effense to freemen, with the
product of which free labor cannot compete, you
deny me what is my constitutional right, and
exclude me from soil consecrated to freedom by
the blood of the patriots of the Revolution."
I will call attention to the following siatistics
relative to the comparative cost of slave and fres
labor, to show'the palpable injustice of the in-
troduction of slavery into free territory. In his
essay upon Manufactures in the South and West,
Mr. Tarver, of Missouri, sayB:
" Without entering into a comparison Of the present nom
inal price of labor in this and other countries, it Is sufficient
to say that, whatever the price may be, none can produce
any given article as cheap with hired labor as he who owns
it himself. In the latter case, the-labor is so much capital
in hand; and it is not so much a question with the owner,
whether he can produce a yard of cloth, or any other given
article, as low as it cmrbe 'produced in England or in Mas-
sachusetts, but whether, by applying his labor to the pro^-
duction of the cloth or other article, he can make it mora
profitable than he ca# by using it in agriculture. It matters
nothing to him how others can product the article ; m can
produce it lamer Ml, so Jon# as it is the best we that he cim
make of his labor, and so long as his labor is worth keeping.
It is upon this principle that the (outhWMt is destined to
