1218
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 6,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. 'IVaft on.
Ho. or Reps.
• monopolize the manufacture of the whole cotton crop of
the United States."
The slave owner and the free laborer, so far as
they Eire engaged in producing the same articles,
bein" direct competitors with each other, and the ^
power of the slave owner to sustain this compe-
tition being regulated and measured by the rate
nt which his slaves can be maintained in a condi-
tion of efficiency, it becomes important to have
clear and exact ideas as to what this rate acta- .
ally is. No- question can be more interesting
than that of the true cost of a species of labor
which does now actually control the eondition of
the non-property-holding whites of the South,
and which may hereafter regulate the wages of
the workingmen of the North and West.
In De Bow's Industrial Resources of the South
and West, volume 1, page 150, will be found an
estimate by " .3 Practical Cotton Planter of Lou-
isiana," of the following items of expense, on a
cotton plantation with one hundred slaves: j
Medicines, doctor's bills, &c 3250 00
To clothe IOC slaves, shoe them, furnish bedding,
sacks for gathering com, &e  750 00
A writer in the Carolinian newspaper, quoted
in the same work of De Bow, volume 1, page
161, gives the following statement of certain items !
of. expense on a plantation with forty slaves:
Mfedicine and mndmal attendance $30 00
B&mliets, thirty in number, at $1 12# cents each.. 33 75
Shoes, twenty-five pairs, at $1 25 cents per pair... 31 25
Cotton osnaburgs, three hundred yards, at 8 cents
per yard    24 00
Salt, six sacks, at estch. -  12 00
Sugar aud coffee for *jek, seventy-five pounds, at 10
_ cents per pound      7 50
, It is stated, in reference to this plantation, that
'! the winter, but not summer clothing, was manvfac-
tbred at the place." There are no other ifems in
the account, of expense incurred: in feeding' or
clothing the slaves. Theitems put down amount
^£138 25, beiag $3 46.to each slave.
■ Solon Robinson, quoted in-the same work of
De Bow, gives the following kerns of eypeaap of
supporting two hundred and:fifty-four slaves, in-
dependent of the food raised by themselves, on
Colonel Williams's plantation, Society Hill,
South Carolina: ' r. - j
RKdical-attendanee, £1 25 cents per'heod.....: <.. J317 50 J
Two hundred pairs of straea..;..   175 00
Annual supply of hats     100 00.
Bill of cotton and woolen cloth     810 Off
One hundred cotton comforters, in lieu of bed blan-
kets,  125 00
ttae.buniredoil-flloth e«po es.(NeW' York cost)... «7 50
Q^lioo drew andlraodkerchief, Coieacti woiuui and
"gill, (extraof tins clothing)...... p re- ,.'82 00
Christmas presents, given in lied of" negro crop".. 175 00
Fifty sacks of salt    30 00
Four "hundred gallons of molasses ........... 100.00
Three kega of tobaccoi 4860; two barrels of floor, . . ,
,$10    70 80
r :  
$3,iaa oo
1 Tim makes an overage of §8 35 to each slave.
Robihson gives also the following items of
expense on the plantation of Robert Montague,
Esquire, of Alabama, with one hundred and
twenty slaves:
Medical bill, average, not exceeding...   .$40 00
Blankets, hats, and shoes, (other clothing allTmme-
made)....     ......250 00
A "Mississippi planter" (industrial Resources,
volume 2, page 331) says: •.
; " l allow for each hand that works but, four pounds of
clear meat aud bne peck of meal jjer week."
Another writer on the ".Management of
Jlegroes," (Industrial Resources, volume 2, page
333,) says: t -
r " What is sufficient food ? For, as there iM «* difference
in practice, there must'be. also in opinion, among owners.
The most common practice is to allow each hand that
labors, whether man, woman, to child, (for a boy err girl
ten years old, or over, who is heaWiy and growing rapidly,
will eat quite aa much as a ftill, grown man or, woman,)
three and a half pounds,ofbacon if middling, or four pQufjda
(rs&oufder, per iveek, and bread at will; or, if allowahceq
in this alsp, a peck of meal is tusualjy thought sufficients
With plenty of vegetables, this allowance is quite suffi-
cient ; but if confined to meat and bread, negroes who worH
hard will eat a peck aud a half of meal per week."
A "Small Farmer" (Industrial Resources,
volume 2, page 366) says:
. " I think four poinds of clear meat [per week] is too
much. I have negroes liere that have had only half a pound
{per day] each for twenty years, and they bid fair to (Hit-
live their master."
A " Virginian,"from Matthews county, has
furnished estimates for the Albany Cultivator,
which I find quoted in the Review for the South
and West, volume 3, page 271. He estimates
clothing and taxes for twenty field hands, men,
! women, and boys, at ten dollars, and their food
at twenty dollars each, per annum.
In an address delivered before the South Caro-
ljpa Institute, in 1850, Governor Hammond
says:
" Our northern brethren have one, to mention only one,
fatal and ominous disqualification for carrying such a con-
test (with Great Britain, for manufacturing supremacy) to
extremes. With them, owing to their social and political
' condition, the tendency of wages is constantly to rise. If i
they are towered much, or lowered long, the security of !
property is at an end. They can substitute no labor for
that which is virtually entitled to suffrage; and their gov-
ernments, controlled by those who live 6y wages, have no
power to protect capital against the demands of labor, how-
ever unjust. In the South it is wholly different." * * *
" The great item of cost in manufacturing, next to the raw
material, is that of labor. And the final result of the great
struggle for the control and enjoyment of the most indus-
trial pursuits of the world will probably depend oil its com-
parative cheapness." * * * "InEngland,factory labor is '
now limited by law to sixty hours a week. In our northern '
States, the average of available weekly labor is estijirated.at
I seventy-three and ^half hours." * * * "The steady heat
i of bur summers is not so prostrating as the short but fW-
( quern bursts of northern summers. If driven to that neces-
' sity, there is no doubt tire can extend- our hours of labor
. beyond any of our rivals. The necessary expense* of the
southern laborer are not near so great as those of one ia
northern latitudes. Corn, and bread, and bacon, as.much
as the epicure may sneer at them, with fresh meat only oc-
; oasionally, and 4 moderate .use of garden vegetables, will,
| in this rqgion at least, give to the laborer floater strength of
muscle and constitution, enable him to undergo more fatigue,
and insure him longer life arid more enjoyment of it, than
any other diet. And these, indeed, with coffee, constitute
the habitual food of the great body of the southern people.
Thirteen bushels of corn, worth now, even in the Atlantic
southern States, only about six dollars on the average, and
; one huhdred and sixty pounds of bacon, or its equivalent,
j worth about nine dollars, is an ample yearly attawince for
j a grown person. Garden vegetables bear no pries except ia
i cities. If sugar and coffee be added, eighteen dollars, or at
i most, nineteen dollars, will, cover the whole neceissary
! annual cost of a full supply of wholesome and palatable
| food, purchased in the market."
: Let the free laborer of the North look at these
statistics, and then anawe* the question, " Call
free and slave labor exist together upon terms of
I equality ?" You go into free territory, and you
| find help costs you from two to three hundred
, dollars per annum a hand; a slaveholder settles
by you, and his help casts him not over fifty
dollar#* He has vastly the advantage over you.1
Free labor mast, tinder these circu ms tance8, rink
before slave labor.1 '
But this is not a matter of dollars and cents1
merely. It is infinitely more; it affects ttte char-
acter and social position of the fre'& laborer. We
| believe in the dignity- of labor. We have been
j taught, from early chiMhood, that not only was
1 honest toil hohorable and ennobling, but that H'irf
1 mean arid contemptible to live in idleness and
draw our support from the unrequited ; toll' 6f
others. The poor free people Of the South fbel
insulted if asked to labor. Said a southern gen-'
tleman to me, recently, "The poor white popu-
lation of the South are the most bitter Opponents
of Abolitionism. They think it a fine thing to
have the niggers to labor for them, and ffeel dis-
graced if forced to toill" So it is. Wherever
i slavery goes, the'dignity of labor sinks-, and the
j toiling freeman is put upon the same level with
; the degraded slave, so that the introduction of
slavery into free territory is actually the "expul-
sion of free labor.
Mr. Chairman, here we plant ourselves; our
determination is formed-, and cannot be &baksi^
To the last, we shall oppose the extension of
j this gigantic evil; Fighting this battle, wr are
fighting for humanity's dearest interests. Sir, I
regret this excitement; and deplore the suffer-
ings which this great contest produces; but it
must be so—it has ever been so. The anti-sla-
very enterprise, the crowning 'glcfif of'this age,
now in tHe itscendant, was, in its incipienoy, a by-
word and rt hissing." Men whispered In the ear,
in closets, what is now thundered from the house-
tops and in senate chambers. Our safety is in
this Contest. Idonotfeartheshock. Letitcome,
sir, when and how it may; we are safe, fbr we
are contending for'right, and we shall triumph.
We' have arrayed on our side, troth, virtue,
freedom, and the eternal principles Of justice.
To all these we appeal—we appeal-to God. All
other questions sink, in this great moral struggle.
We shall keep this steadily before us. Hope not,
sir, for the perpetuity of civil liberty, when the
wrongs of the poor and defenseless are disre-
garded; and banks and tarifife, and the extension
of public domain, crowd out the greater ideas of
justice, right, and the vital interests of humanity.
Sir, if it be demanded of a Christian man, in
his social relations, that he exhibit and exem-
plify the principles of the religion he professes—
that he should regard the claims of justice, and
obey the dictates of law—that he should " do
unto others as he would have them do unto him"
—that he should abstain from robbery, and be
guiltless of oppression—should it not also be de-
manded of a Government, based upon Christianity
in its statutory regulations ana constitutional
obligations, that in its intercourse with other
nations, and its treatment of its own subjects, it
should be guided by the same principles and gov-
erned by the same rule ? Can a Government pros-
per by arts and policy which would disgrace and
ruin an individual ? Are duplicity and fraud less
criminal, when practiced by one hundred men,
than by one? Do private villany and deceit, when
extended to the body politic, become so diluted
tie to be lost sight of, or changed into virtues by
the magic words, " reasons of State?" Is cov-
eting a neighbor's field a sin by the Decalogue,
and the fraudulent and forcible seizing of the ter-
ritory of a neighbor, for the purpose of extend-
ing the area of slavery, to be palliated by the
diabolic sophism—we are following "manifest
destiny?"
Is a man to be held to a rigid personal account-
ability for his individual acts, and the deeds of
this Administration be jiaSSed by, and the guilt
lie at no man's door? Shall the false policy, the
deeds of bloed whieh might have been prevented,
the Wrongs and Outrages of fiuff&rihg Kansas, be
palliated by the jejune plea, that no man is respons-
ible for these things ?
"Can such things be,
And overcome us, like a summer's cloud,
Wilhout our special wonder?"
Yet sueh things are; and we present the as-
tounding anomaly to the eyes of the world, of a
nation professing Christianity, yet without eon-
science &rfinth.
But, Mr. Chairman, some persons mast be
responsible fbr all this; and though injustice is
embodied in so-called lino, and the breach of the
national faith by which the barrier to the exten-
sion of slavery was thrown down was a rlatiortal
act, yet tRfc gttilt of this must -lie at the ddor of
each elector. The law-making body is the aggre-
gate of the masses of the people, ana therefore the
respbi^sibility rests upon each individual. Each
elector is there, afid con'sentB to the damning
deed, ff'Me doeB hot exert himself to the utmost
of his power to correct' the evil.
Sir, the people ate aroused. The blood of mar-
tyrtd meri—tne smoke of sacked cities on the
plains of Kansas,' like startling cries at midnight
—the bloody bludgeon which struck down a uni-
ted States Senator in his seat, like the fiety cross
of the Covenanters, is seen on every hill-top
thWugh till the North, and, flying over the broaa
prairies of the West, calls the people to the rescue.'
And theywil! C6me by hundreds of thousands,
4nd the cotairig struggle will show that the'spirit
of liberty still glows in American bosoms.
:Mr. Chairman, the peculiar position of the
affairs of this country renders it impossible to
present- more than a single issue before the peo-
ple in the coming struggle. Slavery 6r freedom
will be the' cry. And. we deny that this great
movement for freedom is, in arty trtie sense,*a
geographical or sectional movement. If freedom
is sectional, and not national; if the Declaration
of Ihdepcfiderice is a sectional, and not a national
document;- if the heroic struggles and -glorious
achievements of the patriots of the Revolution
were sectional, ahd not national; if their world-
wide fame ahd well-merited honor are sectional,
then is the -present movement a sectional, and not
a national enterprise.
"But, sir, the charge of sectionalism comes witn
an ill grace from that party whose entire intent
and cea&less effort are directed to the support and
spread of an institution obviously sectional in its
character, and painfully repugnant _ to the moral
sens* of ninetwn out of twenty-six millions of
