12-20
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Mr. Fillmore's Political History and Position—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. op Reps.
the meantime in reference to the slavery question,
would make him fatally obnoxious to the free
sentiment of the North. Mr. Fillmore doubted
■whether it would be possible to support even
General Taylor at the North, in consequence of
the prevalence and warmth of these sentiments.
His final conclusion, communicated at the last
moment to his friends leaving for the Philadelphia
Convention, was, absolutely to refuse the use of
his name if Mr. Clay was nominated for the
Presidency, and that he did not desire his name
to be used, if the nomination fell upon General
Taylor. In fact, he was nominated upon the
ticket with General Taylor, and it is only neces-
sary to observe that this was so done, for the sole
purpose of conciliating anti-slavery support to
the ticket. Mr. Fillmore was known throughout
the country as a decided anti-slavery man, and it
was hoped and believed that his name would
reconcile northern voters to the support of Gen-
eral Taylor, and so the event proved.
The original draft of Mr. Fillmore's letter, ac-
cepting the nomination for the Vice Presidency,
was submitted to liis friends, and under their i
advice, was not published, until certain extreme
anti-slavery sentiments were stricken out, which,
in their judgment, would have been fatal to the
Whig party at the South.!
JVft^r his elevation to the Vice Presidency) Mr.
Ffllmore took a new departure in politics, and I j
propose to point,out some of the circumstances j
which .preceded and attended it. I
In the year 1839, Mr. Seward being Governor
of New York, a bill was passed by the Legisla-
ture of that State, creating the office of Vice-
Chancellor for western New York. This office
yj%a .given by Governor Seward to Frederick
"JSTkiMelsey of Rochester, the bill creating it hav-
ing passed the Legislature with the general under-
standing that that appointment would be made
Wider it. Before the final completion of these
proceedings, Mr. Fillmore, then at Washington,
Wfote a letter to a distinguished gentleman at
Albany,expressing his own wish for this appoint-
ment, if it could be given to him consistently with
arrangements of the Whig party. In reply,
Mr. Weed apprised him of the circumstances
attending the creation of the office. Mr. Fillmore,
however, never forgave Governor Seward for hia
failure to gratify him in this matter.
1' In reference to some of the appointments made
by General Taylor for the State of New York,
opposing recommendations were made by Gov-
ernor Seward and Mr. Fillmore. The latter gen-
tleman complained, although really without cause,
that he did not have that weight with General
Taylor to which he was entitled. In the end, a
coolness grew up between General Taylor and
Mr. Fillmore, which earried Mr. Fillmore, by
insensible degrees,into the camp of their common
enemies. Becoming more and more estranged
fr^m General Taylor, he joined himself to the
opposition raised by the South, and by the Dem-
ocratic party, to General Taylor's territorial
policy, and at length became a prominent and
'conspicuous member of the coterie of Union-
savers. Nor did he fail to take an early advant-
age of his new political connections, to gratify
the views in respect to the distribution of office,
disappointment in which was the sole cause of
his opposition to the soldier and patriot then
administering the Government.
_JVIn a speech delivered in California, in the fall
of 1854, Mr. Foote, of Mississippi, lets us into
4Qme of these secret movements. After recapit-
ulating .the points of one of his speeches in the
JtTiiited States Senate, in which he had denounced
jthe Free-Soil movements and nominations to
Office of General Taylor, Mr. Foote says:
"1. had not long taken my seat before Mr. Badger, of
North Carolina, one of the purest and most patriotic men
that ever occupied a place in the national council, came to
me and stated tliat Viee President Fillmore, then presiding
dfficer of the Senate, had requested him to make known to
srae.that be perfectly concurred in the views which I had
just expressed, and that he would be pleased to have an
interview with me on the subject in the official rooms of
the Capitol, at the hour of nine o'clock the next morning.
I promised to attend upon him at the time and place speci-
fied. X did so.
. " Without going into particulais at present, it issufficient
forme to say that I obtained, by the direction ot'Mr. Fillmore,
<ft>m the hands of an accredited friend of his, a hst of the
nominees subject to the objection of being agitators on the
question of slavery. This whole catalogue of worthies was
disposed of in the Senate ; in other words, they were sacri-
ficed to the peace of the country, save one or two, whose
nominations remained to be acted upon on the last night of
the session of Congress. They were disposed of by Mr.
Fillmore himself, oil the same night; for just before the
clock struck twelve, this gentleman, being then President,
sent in a special message, withdrawing all the offensive
nominations, and substituting others in their stead."
From this period, Mr. Fillmore was against his
old friends and his old principles. As President,
he acted with the South and with the Democrats.
Whig members of Congress had no access to
him, and no influence with him. It was at the
end of his administration that honest John Davis,
of Massachusetts, with bowed head and despond-
ing heart, made the memorable declaration that
" slavery rules everything." A distinguished
member of this House, from Maine, Mr. Wash-
burn, has informed the public that Mr. Davis said
to him that he felt himself as much a stranger in
the White House after the accession of Mr. Fill-
more as he did during the administration of Mr.
Polk. What was true of Mr. Davis, the tried
and trusted leader of the Whigs of Massachusetts,
was true of all the Whigs of the North who held
fast to old principles. Mr. Fillmore received his
reward in the unanimous support of the South in
the Whig Convention of 1852. But, between
himself and the true Whigs of the North, he had,
with his own hands, erected an impassable wall
of separation.
No personal disappointments could justify Mr.
Fillmore in forming his new alliances against
General Taylor, but in truth, nothing had oc-
curred of which he had the least right to com-
plain. General Taylor was a just, upright, and
sagacious man. Instead of finding Mr. Fillmore
an impartial counselor, taking a broad view of
tMngay he found him intemt at all times • on-ad-
vancing his peculiar personal interests. At the
first interview between them in Washington, Mr.
Fillmore demanded that his partner, Mr. Hall,
should be appointed Governor 'of Minnesota,
and that Mr. Foote, the editor of his paper, the
Buffalo Commercial Advertiser, should be ap-
pointed Minister at Constantinople. ■ General
Taylor could not but see, and he did see, that
Mr. Fillmore was a mere office broker for his par-
ticular frierids, instead of being a'reliable adviser
for the general good of a common party. Again
at Erie, when General Taylor was lying there
sick, and so sick, that, to use his own expres-
sion, he " could not tell night from day," Mr.
Fillmore came up from Buffalo^ not to minister to
him, not to comfort him, but to extort a promise
from him, the performance of which he after-
wards exacted, that his friendj Mr. Stuart, should
be appointed architect of public buildings. Gen-
eral Taylor noted these and similar things, and
often, before his death, spoke of them with grief
and indignation. :
I know that there are many Whigs at the North
who still hold in good faith to the old principles
of the Whig party of the North who incline to
support Mr. Fillmore. Let me warn aueh men
that the rancor of a renegade always surpasses the
hostility of an original enemy, aijd that we have:
more to hope, (I speak now as an original Whig,>
from Mr. Buchanan than-from Mr. Fillmore, who
hates his old associates and his old principles,
from the consciousness, which he cannot escape,
than he has been false to both. Implacable en-
mity to all the true men of the North, and thorough
devotion to the politicians: of the South; these
make up the personal relations, never again to be
chftpgeB* of Mr. Fillmore.
THE AMERICAN FARTT PLATFORM.
The present platform oif the American party,
adopted in February last, and upon which Mr.
Fillmore now stands, is precisely the «ame as the
Cincinnati platform, so far as. the Kansas-Ne-
braska policy is concerned. This is clear from
its language, and equally so from its history.
The first platform of the American party,
adopted in June, 1855, contained the celebrated
"twelfth section," now expunged, and which
was as follows:
" XII. The American party having arisen upon the ruins,
and in spite of the opposition, of the Whig and Democratic
parties, cannot be in any manner responsible for the ob-
noxious acts or violated pledges of either. And the sys-
tematic agitation of the slavery question by those parties
having elevated sectional hostility into a positive element
of political power, and brought our institutions into peril, it
has;'therefore, become the imperative duty of the American
party to interpose for the purpose of giving peace to the
country andperpetuity to the Union. And, as experience
has shown it impossible to reconcile opinions so extreme
as those which separate the disputants, and as there can be
no dishonor in submitting to the laws, the National Council
has deemed it the best guarantee of common justice and
of future peace, to abide by and maintain the existing laws
upon the subject of slavery as a final and conclusive settle-
ment of that subject, in spirit and in substance.
"And regarding it the highest duty to avow their opinions
upon a subject so important in distinct and unequivocal
terms, it is hereby declared, as the sense of this'National
Council, that Congress possesses no power under the Con-
stitution to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the States
where it does or may exist, or to exclude any State from
admission into the Union because its Constitution does or
does not recognize the institution of slavery as a part of its
social system; and expressly pretermitting any expression
of opinion upon the power of Congress to establish or pro-
hibit slavery in any Territory, it is the sense of the National
Council that Congress ought not tolegislate upon the subject
of slavery within the Territories of the United States, and
that any interference by Congress with slavery as it exists
in the District of Columbia would be a violation of the spirit
and intention of the compact by which the State of Mary-
land ceded the District to the United States, and a breach
of the national faith."
Here was no approval of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. On the contrary, the refer-.,
ence to " obnoxious acts" and'' violated pledges,''
was intended, either to condemn it, or to carry
the appearance of condemning it. But in respect
to all present and future action, which is its only
practical aspect, this gectipn sustains the Nebraska
act as tk. thing settled and.not to be disturbed.
This twelfth section offended the great body of
the northern Americans, and at a separate con-
vention holden-at.Cincinnati in the fall of 1855,
in which this northern wing was largely repre-
sented, the following resolution was adopted;
" That the repeal of the Missouri compromise was an
infraction of the plighted faith of the nation, and that it
should be restored ; and if efforts to that end should fail,
Congress should refuse to admit into the Union any State
tolerating slavery, which shall be formed out of any portion
of the 'territory from which that institution was excluded
by that compromise."
This was the most moderate form to which the
demands of the northern Americans could then
be reducefl.
In February last, the party met again in
national convention, and having set aside the
platform of June, 1855, adopted a new one, of
which the two following are the only clauses
which relate to the Nebraska controversy:
" Seventh. The recognition of the right of the native-born
and naturalized citizens of the United States permanently
residing in any Territory thereof, to frame their constitu-
tion and laws, and to regulate their domestic and social
affairs in their own mode, subject only to the provisions of
the Federal Constitution, with the right of admission into
the Union whenever they have the requisite population for
one Representative in Congress."
" Thirteenth, Opposition to the reckless and unwise
policy of the present Administration, in the general man-
agement of our national affairs, and more especially as
shown in ' removing Americans' (by designation) and con-
servatives in principle from office, and placing foreigners
and ultraiats in their places; as shown in a truckling sub-
serviency to the stronger, and an insolent and cowardly
bravado towards the weaker powers; as shown in reopen-
ing sectional agitation, by the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise," he.
As to the past, this new platform differs from
the old platform, inasmuch as it expressly con-
demns the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
whereas the old one does so only by inference
and construction, if it does so at all.
As to the present and future, the two platforms
are identical, both upholding the Nebraska policy
of Judge Douglas, and both repudiating con-
gressional control over the Territories, under
pretense of giving to the citizens thereof the right
to govern themselves.
Practically it is of no moment, what individ-
uals, or parties, think of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. The important question is,
what shall now be done? Shall the Douglas
swindle be acquiesced in, orshall the compromise
be restored, in letter or substance? But while
this is the only practical question, I must take
occasion to say that I find it easier to respect
those Who sustain the Douglas policy as right in
principle, than those who condemn it, and at the
ume time sustain it.
The northern members of the February con-
vention saw at once that this new platform was
i: as complete a repudiation of their views as the
11 old one. A resolution was offered by one of them
! that " we will nominate no candidate for Fresn
ii dent or Vice President, who is not in favor of
