1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Mr. Fillmore's Political History and Position—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. of Reps.
interdicting the introduction of slavery north of
360 30'." A motion was made to lay this reso-
lution on the table, and it was carried—yeas 141,
nays 59. The resolution to proceed to a ballot
having passed, the convention was about to do so,
when Mr. Perkins, of Connecticut, announced
the secession from the convention of the delegates
oi that State, which was followed by Massachu-
setts, Rhode Island, Ohio, and portions of the
delegates of Illinois, Iowa, and Pennsylvania.
These seceding members put forth an address
to the public, of which the following is the mate-
ria! poi tion:
^ •• 1 he underpinned, delegates to the nominating conven-
tion, now ill session at Philadelphia, finding themselves
compelled to di>sent troni the principles avowed by that
body, and holding the opinion, as they do, that the restor-
ation oi the Mi^oui i compromise, demanded by a majority
Oi tne whole people, is a redress ot* an undeniable wrong,
and the restoration ot it, in s-pirit at least, indispensable to
the reptvse of the country, thev have regarded the refusal of
thai convention to recognize the well-defined opinion of
the country, and of the Americans of the free States, upon
tins question, as a denial oi their rights, and a rebuke to
their sentiments."
Many northern members having left the con-
vention upon these grounds, Mr. Fillmore ob-
tained the nomination, receiving the southern
votes, with the exception of a few given to Gar-
rett Davis, of Kentucky, and General Houston.
Fourteen of the fifteen delegates from Virginia
voted for Mr. Fillmore, and so did unanimously
the deltgations from Maryland, Delaware, North
Carolina, Missouri, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
and Mississippi. And thus the South obtained
the platform it wanted, and the man of its choice.
This thing was and is understood by the south-
ern members of that convention, precisely as it
was by the northern members. The South came
off the substantial winner, although, for theatri-
cal effect, it was thought best to shed a few tears
over the departed " twelfth section." Mr. Zolli-
coffer, a member of this House, from Tennessee,
was a member of that convention, and he has
told us here exactly what the true scope of the ■
new platform is. I will quote from his reported
epeech. In the House, on the 3d of April, 1856,
(Appendix to Congressional Globe, first session i
Thirty-Fourth Congress,) Mr. ZoLLicoFERsaid:
'•'My colleague makes the point against me, that the
thirteenth section embraces a specification against the Ad-
ministration. tor ' reopening sectional agitation by a repeal .
of the Missouri compromise.' I will inform my colleague
that I proposed to strike out that specification, and every
specification in the thirteenth section ; but there being much
disordt-r at the time, I tailed to succeed." * * * "The
question was subsequently about being put in iheAmericaA
council, shall the new platform be adopted in lieu of the
old ? when some member proposed a division of the ques-
tion, which was agreed to, and the vote was first taken
upon striking out the old platform. I voted against striking
out, but the proposition carried. Then the question re- ;!
curred upon the adoption of the new platform. I voted
for its adoption. I did it just as 1. voted for the Kansas- 1j
Nebraska bill in 1854, with some minor objections, which I i
stated at the time." * ** * " But to make the most of , j
that specification in the platform, it is but an expression of
opinion as to a bygone ism, while the seventh section of
the platform lays down a vital principle of action for the
present and the future, covering the whole ground, and
REASSERTING THE LEADING PRINCIPLE EMBODIED BOTH IN
THE OLD TWELFTH SECTION AND IN THE NEBRASKA ACT."
Thus it is clear, that the American platform, ||
for all substantial purposes, is identical with the j|
Cincinnati platform.
To the satne effect, another Fillmore member of
this House, honorable Charles Ready, of Ten-
nessee, in a recent letter to his constituents, says:
" It is true, Mr. Fillmore was opposed to the repeal of
the Missouri restriction; but some, it may be many, of his
supporters, were al-o opposed to It. Therein, there was a
difference of opinion between us. But all those things are
past. We must now look to the future. .Will there, in the
future, be an issue between us? Is Mr. Fillmore now, and
will he hereafter be, in favor of restoring the Missouri re-
striction ? He is known to be opposed to all agitation on the
subject of slavery, and to stand by the existing laws. Then,
there i= no practical issue between us upon this point, nor
is there between him and Mr. Buchanan. He also holds
to the right of the Territory to admission into the Union,
with a constitution prohibiting or establishing slavery, as
the people mav therein provide. In this, we also agree
with each other, and with Mr. Buchanan. Surely, then, I
can support him without any inconsistency or change of
political opinion."
mr. Fillmore's position.
Mr. Fillmore talks, just as his platform reads.
Following that lead, he condemns the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, and he says that he
was opposed to it when it was done. I believe
this to be an afterthought. Not one word, not
j or.e line, was given to the public by Mr. Fillmore
| in 1854, against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise. He was then making a tour through
the South, delivering speeches, and whining about
the " Union,"just as he is now. Not a lisp did
he utter against the repeal of the Missouri com- ;
promise, until the cue was given him in this plat- |
form. Following the same cue, he avoids saying
anything about restoring the compromise. I
Not only does Mr. Fillmore thus adopt a plat-
form, in no respect better than the one which is
sinking Mr. Buchanan beyond the reach of the
plummet, but he himself superadds to it nullifi-
cation, disunion, and treason. This is strong
language, but it is borne out by the truth. Mr.
Fillmore does not merely predict disunion, but
he incites and approves it. He does not merely
say that the South will dissolve the Union if
Colonel Fremont is elected, but that they ought
to dissolve it, and would be doing no more than
the North would do under similar circumstances.
At Albany, June 26th, Mr. Fillmore said:
" We see a political party presenting candidates for the
Presidency and Vice Presidency, selected for the first time
from the free States atone, with the avowed purpose of
electing these candidates by suffrages of one part of the
Union only, to rule over the whole United States. Can it
be possible that those who are engaged in such a measure
can have seriously reflected upon the consequences which
must inevitably follow, in ease of success ? [Cheers.] Can
they have the madness or the folly to believe that our south-
, ern brethren would submit to be governed by such a Chief
Magistrate? [Cheers.] Suppose that the South, having a
majority of the electoral votes, should declare that they
would only have slaveholders for President and Vice Pres-
ident ; and should elect such by their exclusive suffrages to i
rule over us at the North : do you think we would submit |
to it? No, not for a moment. [Applause.] And do you !
believe that your southern brethren are less sensitive on
this subject than you are, or less jealous of their rights?" .
Certainly, Mr. Fillmore advances rapidly. In :
1848, an Abolitionist; in 1850, a Union man; in i
1856, a Nullifier. What next? j
who will support and control mr. fillmore?
By no possibility can Mr. Fillmore get a north-
ern vote in the electoral colleges. In all proba-
bility, he can get none anywhere. If, however,
the election is accidentally thrown into this
House, not a solitary northern State is in his
favor, as represented, here. In any wise, his
whole strength is at the South. His party is
there. The control of it lies there. The north-
ern Americans are mere bobs to a southern kite,
just as the northern Democrats are. The only
question between the Buchanan and Fillmore
parties is, which of two parties, both intensely
and exclusively southern, shall vault into power.
Now, I assert here, that the thirty Fillmore
members of this House from the South, are even
more rabidly and furiously pro-slavery than the
Democrats from the South arc. They united in
the attempt to make Governor Aiken, with his
fifteen hundred slaves, Speaker. They resisted,
to a man, the investigation into the Kansas out- i
rages, and to a man, they resist every measure of j
redress. To a man, they voted against the res-
toration of the Missouri compromise, as provided
in Mr. Dunn's bill. To a man, they voted to
keep General Whitfield, the bogus Delegate from '
Kansas, in his seat. On every thing, bearing j
directly or indirectly upon slavery, they vote to
a man. They did so on the contested scat be-
tween Messrs. Allen and Archer, of Illinois.
They threaten disunion if the Missouri restric-
tion is restored. On the 20th of last December,
(Appendix to Congressional Globe, page 30,) !
Mr. Cox, of Kentucky,said: j
" When you tell me that you intend to put a restriction i
on the Territories, I say to you, that upon that subject tile
South is a unit, and will not submit to any such thing." i
On the 19th of last December, (Appendix to i
Congressional Globe, page 56,) Mr. Campbell,
of Kentucky, said:
" It is an interference with our institutions when our
citizens are denied the same rights in the new Territories
with the citizens from the North, for that Territory belongs
to us as much as it does to you." * * * * i
"Whenever this Government makes a distinction between ;
a southern and northern constituency or citizenship, then
we shall no longer consider ourselves bound to support the
Confederacy, but will resort to the right of revolution, which '
is recognized by all." 1
The following is one of the resolutions of the
last American State Convention in Alabama:
" Resolved, That in view of the increased dangers that
threaten the institutions of the South, this convention
deems it necessary to, and does hereby, reindorse and
adopt the following resolution, known as the Georgia plat-
form, to wit: That the State of Alabama, in the judgment
of this convention, will and ought to resist, (as a last re-
sort,) to a disruption of every tie which binds her to the
Union, any action of Congress upon the subject of slavery
in the District of Columbia, or in places subject to the
jurisdiction of Congress, incompatible with the safety, the
domestic tranquillity, the rights and honor of the slavehold-
mg (states; or any act suppressing the slave trade between
the slaveholding States ; or any refusal to admit as a State
any Territory applying, because of the existence of slavery
therein ; or any act prohibiting the introduction of slaves
into the Territories; or any act repealing, or materially
modifying, the laws now in force for the recovery of fugi-
tive slaves."
It is useless to multiply quotations further.
The whole thing is stated with exactness and
truth in a letter addressed, on the 2d instant, to
citizens of New Jersey, by a member of this
House, [Mr. Watkins, of Tennessee,] himself
elected as an American to his seat here:
" Taking the record of this Congress in the various tests
that have been applied, and the relative position and votes
of the three parties, I am forced to the conclusion, by every
principle of reason, policy, and philosophy, that the South
Americans must, and will, ultimately unite with the Dem-
ocratic party, and those who claim to be Americans North
with the Republican party."
And again, in the same letter, Mr. Watkins
says:
" The interests, sympathies, and legitimate and proper
identity of the South Americans, are with the national
Democratic party of the country."
Undoubtedly this is so; and to sincere men,
holdi ng sincere opinions upon the great question
of slavery extension, it must be apparent that, as
affecting the result, the election of Mr. Fillmore
will be precisely the same as the election of Mr.
Buchanan. Tney are both southern candidates,
having their strength at the South,and certain to
be controlled by the South, if elected. I am aware,
as I have said once before, that many persons at
the North, honestly opposed to the extension of
slavery, are still inclined to Mr. Fillmore, from
a misapprehension of his true position. To such
men I have particularly designed to address my-
self. Can they believe, upon a fair review of the
whole case, that freedom has anything to hope
| from the success of Mr. Fillmore?
We are upon the eve, sir, of important political
movements, and I intend to speak plainly. It is
fast becoming apparent that Mr. Fillmore has no
effective strength and can carry no single State.
His friends still cling to Maryland as a forlorn
hope, but they must soon abandon even that
State. If Mr. Fillmore is not formally with-
drawn, he will be substantially dropped. Tha
bulk of his present supporters at the North will,
in that event, rally under the broad banner of Fre-
mont and freedom. Not so, I fear, with Mr.
Fillmore himself and his immediate advisers. It
is my most deliberate judgment that they prefer
Mr. Buchanan to Colonel Fremont, and that they
will keep Mr. Fillmore in the field, or withdraw
him, just as may be thought best for the interests
of the Democratic party. In my opinion, there
is not in all the northern States a man more com-
pletely and irretrievably wedded to the South, by
his sympathies on the one ha'id and his haircds
on the other, than Mr. Fillmore. Since lfc'50,he
has been with the South and with the Democratic
party, and he never will return to the friends
whom he has betrayed. They expect nothing
from him but implacable hostility to the last.
But to the great body of his present supporters
at the North, I appeal with confidence. Come
over to your natural allies. Unite the North and
thereby tranquillize the Union. In the presence
of a united and irresistible North, the madness
of southern nullification would be arrested. Men
of all parties of the South are rushing to the sup-
port of Mr. Buchanan, as the pledged represent-
ative of southern sectional interests. Has free-
dom less power than slavery, to produce concert
and arouse sympathies?
The support of Mr. Fillmore at the South, at
this moment, is a mere sham to keep alive a Fill-
more party at the North, so as to defeat the elec-
tion of Colonel Fremont. Will the intelligent
people of the North be longer deceived?
Mr. Fillmore has delivered many speeches since
his return from Europe, but in not one of them
has he expressed either sympathy for the down-
trodden people of Kansas, or indignation against
those wh o have oppressed them. He has proposed
