1222
appendix to the congressional gloBe.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Presidential Question—Kansas Affairs—Mr. matteson.
Ho. of Reps.
he
no measure of redress for their wrongs, an<i
has offered cooperation in no such measure. For
the cause of liberty, so fearfully imperiled by the
wants in Kansas, he has uttered no word to cheer,
or counsel, or hope. He has been as silent and
as cold as the grave, upon a theme which has
stirred the freemen of this country, as they have
not been stirred since the days of the Revolution.
He has eyes and ears for nothing but the Presi-
dency, and that to be reached by the support of
the South. He has no voice, and no heart, for
the North, which he has abandoned.
And for what cause, and on what pretense, is j
the North to be persuaded to divide its strength j
at this crisis ? Foran issue and a question, which, j
in all its political aspects, has been abandoned by
his friends upon the floor of this House, A ses-
sion of Congress of nearly nine months is nejir
its termination, and no friend of Mr. Fillmore
here has moved any change in the naturalization
laws, a change in which is the only substantial
object proposed by the American organization. (
The thirty southern friends of Mr. Fillmore have j
been active enough and zealous enough, when- i
ever or wherever the interests of slavery have
been concerned. Not one thought, or on^e mo- !
raent have they given to this pretended issue of
Americanism, with which they hope to divide
the North, and secure to themselves the control
• of this continent forever. Is it possible that the
. intelligence of the free States will be deceived by
pretenses so flimsy?
Who had forgotten the declaration made on
this floor, during the contest for the Speakership,
by Hon. Humphrey Marshall, of Kentucky, the
bold and frank leader of Mr. Fillmore's thirty
. southern members of this House ? > " I. will first
'take care -of theniggers, and then take e&re of the
Irish and Dutch! This was the outspoken
declaration of Mr. Marshall. Slavery first, and
Americanism afterwasds; this isthe motto and
•the practice of the South. Slavery swallows up
everything else,.and controls everything else.
And who is running for the Vice Presidency on
the same ticket with. Mr, Fillmore ? Mr. Donelapn,
' of Tennessee, who,.©a the day of his nomination,
boasted of his one hundred npgsroes, as the proof
• and guarantee of his fidelity to the " institutions"
. of the South ! The ticket presented to Us is not
Fillmore alone, bad as that would be, but Fill-
more and Donelson, " niggers" and all. ,
The Augusta (Ga.) Chronicle .urging th e claims
of Mr. Fulmore upon the South, makes the fol-
lowing statements as to the sentimente which he
expressed during his Southern tour, of 1854 s ni
" Having made the tonrof the southwestemslaveStates,
he announced on the steps of the State House iBs Mont-
gomery, that the anti-slavery prejudices of his early educa-
tion had been obliterated by what he had seen in the South
of the happy condition of the slave."
Of the fact that Mr. Fillmore's original opin-
r ions or " anti-slavery prejudices" have been'
thoroughly "obliterated" there can be no ques-
tion ; but the date and cause of the obliteration
are not correctly given in this extract. It was
not the southern tour of 1854, but the Washing-
ton intrigues of 1850, which did the work. It
was not what Mr. Fillmore saw of " the happy
. condition of the slaves" at the South, but what
he had seen of " the happy condition" of poli-
ticians at this seat-of power, attaining fortune
.' and prosperity by subserviency to the interests
, of slavery. It was this spectacle of what lias
been, but may not always continue, which " ob-
literated" every aitigle free principle of Mr. .Fill-
more's youth and manhood.
! debates by which it has been distinguished, but
i have rather chosen to receive instruction than
attempt to impart it to others; and, unless called
away on urgent business, I have never been absent
at a sitting or lost a vote. I might have yet been
content to continue a listener, were it not that
longer silence might be construed,, by those who
have honored me with a seat on this floor, into
indifference or timidity.
our platform is so plain that all North, South,
East, and West, may stand on it. But of all the
modes resorted to to secure votes for the Demo-
cratic candidate, both North and South, that
adopted by the Democratic party should be con-
demned by all sections of the country without
distinction of party. I find a circular issued in
the name of tne Democratic party, signed by
Charles J. Faolkner, one of the members of this
Ion
to
The. North is often charged with sectionalism, j: House from the State of Virginia, probably be-
Is it true? Where, let me ask, are the honorable j- i--_
men from the South who stood up boldly and
vindicated southern integrity when the compro-
mise of 1820 was struck down ? Where are
Hunt, of Louisiana, and Cullom, of Tennessee,
who resisted that monster outrage? Ostracized
by the slave power.
From the clay I took my seat in this Hall, in
1849, until this hour, I have never heard a threat
of disunion uttered on,this side of the House, nor
one of the first families, addressed
-, Esq., chairman of Democratic com-
mittee, county of , State of ," in
which, among other things, I find the following
interrogatory:
"Fourth. To what religious denomination do the Ger-
man, French, Norwegian, or Swedish voters in your county
belong ?"
* Sir, I have not terms of denunciation severe
enough to apply to this piece of unheard-of es-
a disunion sentiment declared by any member or plonageinstitutedbythatd.«tingu«
friend of the cause which I have maintained dur- ™n- To-day, perhaps the spies and p mps to
ing all that time, although we all have had abun- who°? C1FCUT 18 addressed ma?,be ln- your
.A prcctici, bothfy worts „d deed,, * g. E."JXPjZZiZ
provocation
much further than mere threats. On the contrary
what has been heard from the Democratic party?
i Every week of the session, avowals of unfra-
l ternal sentiments and threats of dissolving the
I Union have been made by merfibers of that and the
j American party "thick as dicers* oaths." Why,
j sir, but a few months since, a member went into
a calculation to ascertain the boundary line, and
| the terms of dividing the common property, when
dissolution came; and in that calculation he, if
my recollection serves me, claimed the Capitol as i
part of the share of the South, whether from the i
•manner in which it was defended. ill. the war of ,
1812, or on what other ground, I do not,know, j
Another threatens to dissolve the,Union in case ;
Mr, Fr«mpnt shall be elected,to the Presidency, :
and a majority of members shall be returned to
this House in favor of a restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise. Another threatens dissolu-
tion if President Fremont appoints all the officers
from the North. There is this remarkable feature
I in all this, these threats are all future and con-
ditional, and therefore vfery harmless. It will be
recollected that the same threats were made in the
case of thc; adruisaiou of California, and also in
the case ofth'e. election of Speaker Banks'. Well,
those fearful events did happen, and yet the chlv-
j.alry are here now, and things still wear an ap-
, pearanep. of 'health and prosperity. We care
j nothing fortius,;bravado—'' barking dogs.never
!' bite." It all passes' by us fis the "idle wind." (
i-We shall pursue the even tenor of our way, and j.,
1... mnnnn af\ ' I
employ, in our very households, surreptitiously
obtaining the information desired by this honor-
able gentleman. Talk of Know Nothing oaths,
and signs, and grips—nothing I have heard equals
this. There is no intermeddling by northern
people with the institution of slavery that can
compare with this insolence and audacity. Is the
religion of every citizen, sacred as it is by its very
nature, and belonging only to the cognizance of
his own conscience and his God, to be seized
upon and insultingly exposed by political inquis-
itors to the public for purposes of party proscrip-
tion ? How are those who happen to hold ob-
noxious faiths to be dealt with ? is it by torture,
by the dungeon, or the stake ? Pray let the Hon.
' Mr. Faulkner answer. And what is the object
of this proposition ? Is it to make the worshiper
f adopt the principles and policy of the slave power,
| on pain of being hunted out of his own temple,
! as well as out of the pale of free society ?
I I dismiss this subject, and pass to the question
j of the present condition of the country.
j On the 4th day of April, 1854, when in Com-
| mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
I took the liberty of addressing some remarks upon
the then pending proposition to abrogate the pro-
hibition of slavery in the unorganized part or the
Louisiana purchase north of 36° 30",contained in
the Missouri compromise. I introduced to the
notice of the House, by way of showing the tend-
ency, body, and force of public sentiment among
iriy constittien ts, the proceedings of the Legislature
of the State of New York; the transactions of a
by. constitutional means, if ,pcjssifcle, acquire so ;j ublioassernbly without distinction of party, held
much of the power of the Government as we can; j, P HWHrf th« in^rvf a vervfarMmdet-
fx«• ft- iivt- rv«ao nf << rmnhiricr nut" Ar il siln-
not for the purpose of " crushing out" or " sub-
duing" the South, as the Sotith threatens ua, but
for the purpose,of governing the country in a con-
stitutional manner, and for the greatest good of
the whole American people. The Republican
party, so far as I am acquainted with.its designs,
mean to. teach the South that hereafter it will be
better policy to keep good faith with the'northern
sectiqn of the Union. In addition to these threats
of, dissolution, so .often heard? there is anothei
matter, in equally as bad taste, which, we are ac
PRESIDENTIAL QUESTION—KANSAS AFFAIRS.
SPEECH OF HON. O. B. MATTESSON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
flugusl 7, 1856.
The Hooee beipg in the Committee of the Whole on
• the Male of the Union; and having under consideration the
Senate bill for the admission of Kansas—
* Mr. "MATTESON said:
Mr. Chairman: The committee I am now ad-
dressing .will recollect that' darings the present
session I have seldom entered into the excited
in my district; the proceedings of a very large meet-
ing of the people within the municipality in which
I, reside; a remonstrance executed at the then last
town meeting by the citizens of seventeen out of
twenty-seven towns, whose signatures prolonged
its length, to the extent of thirty, feet.. I recall
these demonstrations of repugnance by my con-
stituents to that .measure, the adoption,of which,
in opposition to "their earnest protest, has brought
~V  ; . " : such an accumulation of distress, disgrace, and
of. dissolution, so .often heard ? there u another ; | woe upon tjjjs unhappy country, for the purpose
matter, in ecruallvas bad taste, which.we are ac- !( * "r   _ .i.„
; and that is,
OEl.cktE«p„bIic«n," if a «™.of ■;({CH.
reproach. We cannot consent, to degrade our-ji . .. . , , • . ■ / —
selves with bandying epithets of this description. ' j
If we could, we might, with much more propri- ||
ety. and more truth, call those who use them ,1
" nigger drivers." But this would prove nothing, i
and be derogatory to our own dignity as members j;
of this House. ,. . . I j
We also have cause of complaint against the [,
Democracy for the manner in which the presi- il
dential contest is conducted by the slavery-exten- :
sion party. In northern Democratic papers, and ,
in pamphlets issuing from their political mint in
Washington, for northern circulation, Mr. Fre- i
mont is charged with being pro-slavery, and i
votes are sought from the Anti-slavery party
upon this ground; while at the South he is de- 11
nounced as a disuniooist, and his election depre- j
cated as the direst of calamities that can happen j
to the slaveholder. Is this fair and honorable ? ! |
Contrast it with the course of the Republicans. (
We have no disguises; we have no two faces;
nation of that repeal, and an intensity of indigna-
tion against the wrongs and outrages against the
people of Kansas and the cause of human free-
dom which ijpver before have followed that repeal,
hitherto unknown, in .that quiet section or,the
Union. I take the liberty of reading from reso-
lutions which were adopted at two recent pubuc
meetings, held without distinction of party by
constituents of tay own:
" Resolved, As the seiwe of this meeting,
invasions into Kansas t the destruction of the bal *-noi,
the usurpation of *11 power, civil, military, and1 J<™aai^jr
the sUrveocBwy^ through the instrumentality of ooraerjiji
fians; the destruction of the lives and property ot iree-w®
men, for opposing the enforcement of slavely upon th in,
the suppression of the freedom of orcwent
that Territory, by the slave power,
scenes of violence and acts of tyranny that^find no pMiliel
in the territorial , or colonial h'story °!f ithe ^orid, vrtiich
should arouse an insulted and indignant free people to an
assertion of their might, awl a po*"™*1
right, at the proper lime and place, not far distant. .
" Resolved, That the repeal of the Missouri compromise
