AWENWX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Present Condition of Political Parties—Mr. Marshall, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
and, parrot-like, in his peregrinations through
his own State, repeated at different times and to
different audiences. Am i not correct in what I
Bay of these two aspirants for presidential honors
 one sinking himself under a platform of oppres-
sion, and the other invoking upon us the horrors
of disunion, if the free people of the North place
in the presidential chair by their free and unbiased
choice, a man who was born in a slave State, but
now breathes free air and utters the thoughts of
a freeman in the words of a freeman ? These are
the two candidates who are now playing for
southern support
« Such fantastic tricks before high heaven
As make the angels weep; who, with oar spleens,
Would all themselves laugh mortal."
What a humiliating contest do they both pre-
sent to the manly spectacle of the young engineer,
placed in nomination by the Republican party—
indeed I may say by all those, of whatever name
or antecedents, who oppose the two canddiates I
have just described! In his letter of acceptance,
in language modest and unassuming—language
so characteristic of him—he, among other things,
says:
" Nothing is clearer in the history, of our institutions than
the design of the nation, ifl' asserting its own independence
jmd freedom, to avoid giving countenance to the extension
.of slavery. The influence of, the small hut compact and
oowerftil class of men interested in slavery, who command
one section of the country, and wield a vast political,con-
trol as a consequence in the' other, is now direoted to throw
tbis impulse of the Revolution, and revcrsc ita princi-
. n|«a. The extension of slavery across the continent .is the
object of the power which now rules the Government, and
from this spirit has sprang those kindred wrongs in Kansas,
■o truly portrayed in one of your resolutions, which prove
_ih nhe elements of the most arbitrary Governments have
not been vanquished by the just theory of our own."
Here we hare the self-drawn portraits of the
three candidates. Let the people say which they
yill1 choose.
I invoke the people of the North, without dis-
tinction of party or creed, to rally -as one man,
and place in the presidential chair the candidate
who, although born m a southern State, will, in
ca*e of success, restore those Territories which
were guarantied to freedom forever. Lei us teach
the South and their northern allies that good faith,
honor, integrity, and justice, Require that restitu-
Jtton sball be made; and let us, one and aH, never
-alutnber Or sleep—take no rest day or night—afed
rkeep agitating until the grievous wrong of at-
"tempting to enslave Kansas is atoned for.
SWafl this wrong, injustice, and eriHid", there
is but one remedy by legislation, and that is the
-admission of Kansas as a free State into this
-Union. In order to effect this, the people of that
Territory took the incipient steps m a perfectly
constitutional and peaceful way, and presented
-themselves at our barfor admission. This Hotfsfe
has passed a bill to admit the new State of Kan-
sas into the Union, which bill has been returned
to- us by the Senate with amendments which con-
stitute a virtual rejection of it, and so there is
, now no immediate hope of that just and immedi-
ate relief. Its passage is opposed by the slavery
'propagandists1 for various reasons, but the first
and most material, one is, that the Territory has
not sufficient population to form a State govern-
ment. To this I answer, that many States have
been admitted without possessing equal elements
Whieh shotrid go to form a State that Kansas now
possesses. Tennessee was admitted with a white
population'of only 32,013; Louisiana 34,311; In-
diana 23,890; Florida 27,943; Arkansas 25-,671;
- Missouri'55,988; Mississippi 42,176.
ft is also urged that the Constitution was formed
without the necessary preliminary legislation to
enable hereto do so. "My answer to "this is, that
no legislation was absolutely necessary, although
;in some cases it has been had. But in the cases,
of Michigan, Tennessee, Iowa, Florida, and Ark-
ansas,-no enabling act in either case was ever
passed-, but "the people att£d:as they hate in Kan-
sas, on their own responsibility; and such was
"the case in California. No, sir, the authors and
abettors of the fcfislhving of Kansas are driven
' from point to point, tlhttl they are' completely
• stripped o^ all law <Uld precedent in their unlaw-
ful acts, and Stand opposed tothe gaze of an in-
sulted people, backed by the Army, which is made
to abet and maintain a political crime unparal-
leled in atrocity in this country. There is open
to Kansas the remedy of resort to military action
or civil war. Let us, before leaving her to that
alternative, which effected our own separation
from the mother country, make efforts to effect
her relief by all constitutional means which, as
the direct Representatives of the people, are in-
trusted to our care.
In case the Senate persist in its refusal to pass
i the bill which this House has passed and sent to
1 that body, let us, without hesitation, boldly and
directly refuse to the Executive the supplies
necessary to support that territorial government,
and for the support of the forces employed by
him therein to subjugate the people. Let us
insist that the prison doors shall be opened to
those gallant men who are now lying in chains
! awaiting a trial for no crime known to the Con-
1; stitution and laws of the land, and no offense but
'! their love of liberty and freedom. Let there be
i no sickly sentimentality in this Hall about stop-
!! ping the wheels of Government. Let no bugbear
1 cry of revolution or disunion—no fear of the
bludgeon, the bowie-knife, or the revolver,intim-
idate us in the discharge of our constitutional
duty on this floor. It is our right, it is our duty,
whenever an Executive shall violate all laws,
.human and divine, for the purpose of enslaving
the .people, that we shall take from him the means
of support.
Let us make these distinct issues, abolish those
infamous enactments, called laws, enacted by an
army of border ruffians, and let free those men
who are now imprisoned for a pretended violation
Of those laws; or Stop all supplies for the govern-
ment of that Territory. I do not speakat-adl for
others, or for any one but myself. I am ready to
go even further, and, if necessary, place the ab-
rogation upon the ordinary appropriation bills,
and stand W it. Let us act up to this on our
_ __ , .1 * i   2 ^ 1J ^ —   t . AM J 4li A
Own responsibilities in this crisis; and if the Ex
eeutive, with a Senate " at his heels," refose to
Meedittg 'Kansas her rights, fet us adjourn, and
submit the question to the people, thus invoking,
ina constitutional way, the exercise-of that power
to whom all must submit.
INSANITY OF THE TIMES—PRESENT CONDITION
OF POLITICAL. PARTIES.
SPEKdrt Ot' HON. Sl S. MARSHALL,
ofc Illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
, August 6,1856.
Tfie. Houses befag-tai the Comaiittec oftheWholeou the
suite of the Union-
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, said:
" Mr. Chairman: It is with much reluctance that
I engage ifffliscussions here not pertaining to the
business immediately before the House. With-
out that position or reputation which would com-
mand the ear of the House or the country, I
shrink with .natural timidity from a comparison
with the older and abler champions of popular
rights on this floor. As a mere individual, I
should feel it my duty to remain silent; but rep-
resenting, as I do, a people, every pulsation of
Whose hearts beats with love and veneration for
this Union, and for the Constitution of our coun-
try, I feel that, in this momentous crisis, they
have a right to be heard through their Represent-
ative. Speaking, then, as I do, not for myself,
but for more than one hundred thousand free
citizens of this grept Republic, I shall, with, some
confidence, claim the indulgence of the House for
a very .short time. ...
Mr, 'Chairman, a strange and unaccountable
madness has seized upon the public mind.. To
say . that our country is now in imminent peril is
only to give utterance to the painful feeling which
pervades every heart. Misrule ,has grafted her
empire in our very midst, and anarchy is inhaling
the vital elements of her existence.
We have, indeed, fallen upon strange times.
The scenes daily transpiring—every thing around
us,portend that we are in the midst of dangers—
that we are madly drifting towards the abyss of
anarchy, disunion, and civil war, with all their
dreadful evils. It is surely time for us to awaken
to the dangers that surround us. It is time for
every citizen who has a spark of patriotism left
to pause in this mad straggle for party, and sacri-
ficing all his prejudices on the altar of his coun-
try, take his stand by, and boldly make battle
for, the Constitution and the Union.
I am no alarmist; but it is not the part of wis-
dom to trust too blindly in the strength of the
bond that binds us together. It has been hawked
at and trifled with long enough. When we
remember that Greece, with all her power, her
gloryr and her learning—her proud monuments
and free institutions, now lives only in the page
Of history; and that Rome's proud eagles have
long since been humbled in the dust, we shou'.
not trust with too much confidence in the strength
and perpetuity of our own matchless Republic.
I am one of those, sir, who believe that there
is a superintending Providence that guides and
directs the destinies of nations. No one who has
read the history of our revolutionary struggle can
doubt that the Almighty raised up the great men
of that day for the special purpose of giving inde-
pendence and freedom to this great continent.
We have, indeed, been the peculiar favorites of
Heaven; and have had,day by day, unnumbered
blessings showered upon us. It is equally cer-
tain, that there are times in the history of the
world when the Ruler of the Universe becomes
weary of man's constant proclivity to wickedness
and folly; and withdrawing his protecting care,
leaves" us to that inevitable destruction which
must follow the dictates of our own passions,
and the promptings of our own unguided reason.
The history of God's own chosen people, who,
ungrateful, stubborn, and rebellious, were finally
abandoned to the desolation and destruction Re-
sulting/rom their own madness and folly;—the
wild fanaticism of the crusades, in the prosecu-
tion of which death and desolation, in all their
horrid forms, swept over the world, and the
plains of Europe and Asia were whitened with
the bones of millions of human beings;—the hor-
rors of the French revolution, when infidelity
took possession of the pulpit; irraigion enthroned
itself on the domestic altar; all tnat was vener-
able and sacred in the past was uproatt*! and
destroyed; and by an awful farce, the Bible it-
self %as publicly'condemned and burnt, 'God
dethroned, and the goddess of reason substituted
as an object of their devotion; until at last the
demons of the infernal regions seemed to be
turned loose; misery and wretchedness spread
their dark wings throughout the land; murder,
unrebuked, shook his gory locks through all the
streets and highways, ana human butchery be-
came the daily occupation of the rulers and the
pastime of the people;—all these are familiar
not singular, illustrations of the truth that man,
cut loose.jfrojm the guidance of Providence, and
the venerable and sacred teachings of the past,
and relying upon his own unaided , reason, ever
rushes witn fearful precipitation to madness and
ruin.
These reflections, Mr. Chairman, should by
no means be considered inapposite. Look at this
condition of our country and the present state ,q(
the, public mind. In the whole history of .tha
human race no parallel can be found to the pres-
ent material prosperity of the American people;
and yet, as if intoxicated with our own abund-
ance, we are almost on the eve of putting the
knife to each other's throats. We claim to be
the freest people on earth, and yet we are sicken-
ing the h^|rts of the friends of freedom through-
out the world by our unnatural and suicidal
quarrels. We believe .ourselves to be the most
'intelligent and enlightened people that the sun
shines on, and yet within the past few years
there is no folly so great, no theory in religion,
morals, or politics, so wild and visionary, that I*
will not find numerous and zealous advocates
among our people.
Look arouna you, sir, and see the new ana ex-
traordinary follies that are now rife in the land.
Pulpits once devoted to the salvation of immortal
soUlS, and to preaching "peace on earth and good
will to men, have become arsenals for the col-
lection of the bloody instruments of death, ana
forums from which, by incendiary harangues,
treason and rebellion are urged as a sacred duty
upon excited and misguided citizens. Professed
ministers from the court of Heaven have, jr
thousands, abandoned the duties of their sacred
