1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE COiNGRESSlONAL GLOBE.
1227
_ ;J,TH C°Xfl'-lsT Sess- pres™t Condition of Political Parties—Mr. Marshall of Illinois. Ho. of Reps.
callimr, and are bringing sad disgrace upon the
church, by itratrsrlini; their robes ni the dirty pool
of' political strife; and now, with a kind of solemn
mockery, are, by scores, with their black coats
and white cravats, filling seats once occupied by
patriots and statesmen.
In a country where it was fondly hoped that
the adulterous connection of Church and State,
m ith its dread tr;\in of evils, had been severed
forever, an arrogant and bloated priesthood has
boMly attempted to usurp the reins of govern-
ment, and assuming to speak by authority from
Heaven, '• and in the name of Almighty God,"
to dictate the action of un Amencaji Congress.
Thousands who are living in the daily enjoyment
of the blessings of our matchless Government, be-
cause it gives no sanction to their wild and crazy
theories, now madly curse the Constitution and
the Union as " a covenant with death and an
agreement with hell," and swear that they will
110 longer consent to " a Union with slavehold-
ers." With a malignity that can receive its in-
spiration only from the father of evil, they tra-
duce the patriots of the Revolution, and with their
traitorous feet rudely trample on the graves of
Washington and his compatriots. And because
the Bible neither denounces nor "ignores" the
institutions of fifteen States of this Union, these
modern Solomons have discovered a higher Jaw
than the Constitution or the word of God, and
madly^hurl their horrible anathemas in the very ,
face ot Heaven. The sacred institution of mar- j
riage, without which home would be deprived of all !
its endearments, and society return to barbarism,
is boldly and publicly denounced, and "free-love" ;
reformers have become the allies and fit compan- i
ions of Abolition societies and spirit-rapping con- j
vrnticies. j
In this once free and happy country, before ,
the last lingering spirit of '76 is gathered to the
home of his fathers, and almost before the warn-
ing voice of Washington has died upon o,ur
ears, the fundamental principles of our Constitu-
tion—the very principles which have heretofore
been our proudest boast—the right of self-govern-
ment—the right of every man to worship God
according to the dictates of his own conscience,
Without molestation or hindrance from his fellow
man—and the solemn declaration of our Consti-
tution, that " no religious test shall ever be re-
quired as a qualification to any office or public
trust under the United States'—our boast, that
ours is the home of the exile, and the asylum of
the oppressed—all these have been denounced .
and repudiated, and we have been threatened with j
a return to the bigotry, the selfishness, the mad-
ness and folly of the darkest page of the history j
of the world. Here, where every man has the j
right, and it ought to be his pride, to walk forth
in the light of day, and boldly speak his senti- !
ments as a freeman, hundreds of thousands of
our people, of all professions and occupations,
have, in the darkness and secrecy of night, as if
moved by some common insane impulse, gone
down into cellars, and caverns, and darkened j
rooms, shut out from the light of heaven and the j
observation of men, and after participating in ex- j
traordinary and unpatriotic orgies and ceremo-
nies, have emerged forth to the light of day with ;
their souls fettered, their cheeks blanched, and ;
their eyes averted from their friends to conceal j
the unpatriotic secret that was already struggling |
for utterance; and falsehood and deceit, to the i
shame of our country, thus became the funda- |
mental principles of a political organization. j
A large portion of the Protestant Church, aban- j
doning the principles by which it has thus far ,
triumphed, and by which it can alone triumph,
has joined in an intolerant cry against freedom
of conscience; her ministers an<i laymen, dragged
down into these secret caverns, have formed an
unholy connection with the vicious and corrupt
who have been sloughed off from old party or-
ganizations. The Church has thus been degraded
and demoralized by her professed friends; Chris-
tianity put to the blush; irreligion sown broad-
cast throughout the land, and the seeds of infi-
delity scattered, from which we will be reaping
the crop for generations to come. The right of
suffrage, once deemed sacred, has been ruthlessly
invaded, and American citizens have been driven
through our streets like beasts, and cruelly mur-
. dered for attempting to exercise a ri<*ht guaran-
tied by the highest sanctions of the Constitution.
Mobs have been systematically organized, with
signs, grips, and passwords, and become favored
adjuncts of a political party; and men, women,
and children have been cruelly murdered for no
other offense than having been born on the banks
of the Rhine or the Shannon, instead of the Hud-
son or Mississippi, and for coming from the same
lands our forefathers came from, and with pre-
cisely the same purpose — of finding free and
happy homes in this.
The ballot-box, once the sacred instrument
through which a freeman in peace and safety
made known his will, has been invaded, trampled
upon, and broken to pieces, and its contents scat-
tered to the four winds of heaven, and the will
of the majority superseded by mob violence and
usurpation.
Mr. Chairman, this is no exaggerated picture.
It falls far short of the reality. Would to God
that 1 possessed the painter's skill to present at
one view this wild fanaticism, this dreadful de-
moralization of the public mind, that has been
sweeping over the country for the last few years !
The world would stand aghast at the horrid pic-
ture ! y
Your mind, Mr. Chairman, may notheretofore
have been called to the fact, but the truth of what
I shall now utter can ,be denied by no one, and
the fact itself ought to give food for solemn thought
to every lover of his country. Look around over'
this broad land, from the Saint Lawrence to the
Rio Grande, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and
you will find, without exception, that all these
isms, these devotees of the most transparent fol-
lies, and most wicked practices—the worshipers
of Sam, and the worshipers of Sambo; the dis-
union Abolitionists and the oath-bound Catholic-
haters; the men who curse the Constitution of
their country, and the men who curse the Bible
of the living God; the parsons who have degraded
their holy calling, and the mobocratic demol-
ishes of ballot-boxes; the conductors of under-
ground railroads, and the murderers of natural-
ized citizens; the spirit-rapping devotee, and the
religious maniac in his ascension robes; free-love
societies, Abolition societies, and woman's rights
conventions; slung-shot bullies, Sharpe's rifle
theologians, and the common defamers of the
revolutionary history of sovereign States—-all,
without exception, join in one wild howl against
the great Democratic party of the country. This
strange compound ofiflddness, fanaticism, and
folly, without any common political sentiment,
disagreeing among themselves upon every prin-
ciple of government, religion, and morals, have
yet one common bond of union that binds them
together like hooks of steel, and that is opposi-
tion, hatred—irreconcilable, undying hatred—to
that great party which was founded by Jefferson,
illustrated by Madison, Jackson, and Polk, and
which is now the only party that stands by the
Union, and by the Constitution of our country,
as our fathers made it.
Prominent in this strange medley of united
fanaticisms and inconsistencies (and embracing
the greater part of them) stands the great Black
Republican party of the North, whose members
here and throughout the country have scrupled
at no falsehood, and paused at no crime, that
might help to inflame and excite the public mind
already driven to the very verge of madness.
Their cries of " plighted faith, " sacred com-
pact," "slave aggression," "free Kansas," and
the like, are but instruments for carrying out the
plans of their great leader, laid down eight years
ago, and before the organization of Kansas was
thought of, when, in his speech at Cleveland, he
marked out the plan by which he could " soon'
bring the parties of the country into an effective
aggression upon slavery." Agitation is the very
life-blood of this party, without which they know
they could have no existence; and in trying to
keep up a bountiful supply of this their natural
aliment, they have shown an utter disregard of
the peace and prosperity of the country, and
even of the existence of the Union itself.
These agitators have been true to no theory,
and consistent in nothing which they have as-
serted or advocated. AfFccting regret at the un-
fortunate difficulties in Kansas, which have been i
caused by their own officious and illegal inter-
meddling, they have nevertheless opposed and
defeated every measure intended or calculated to
give peace and quiet to that Territory. Profess-
ing a holy horror of some obnoxious and uncon-
stitutional enactments of the Territorial Legisla-
ture, they have voted down an act proposing their
repeal. Having petitioned the President to send
the army to Kansas, they now denounce him for
complying with their demands. Affecting great
distrust of the President, they have passed through
the House a measure proposing to give him un-
constitutional and even despotic powers. Their
own committee, chosen by themselves, and sent
to Kansas to make capital for the approaching
elections, returns, and reports, " that in the present
: condition of the Territory a fair election cannot be
held without a new census, a stringent and well reg-
j ulate'd election law, the selection of impartial judges,
: and the presence of United States troops at everyplace
of election." Almost immediately upon thepub-
: lication of this report, a bill is passed through the
: Senate, proposing to carry out, in every particu-
: lar, these suggestions; and yet these men, to the
1 surprise of all candid and patriotic citizens, im-
mediately denounce this bill as a measure of the
' " slave power," and an attempt to make Kansas
a slave State.
Mr. Chairman, the conviction is forced upon
my mind that this party is determined, at all
hazards, to prevent a settlement of these unfortu
nate difficulties; and nothing seems to afford them
so much pleasure as new reports, whether true or
false, of additional murders, outrages, and vio-
lence. Gentlemen of this unholy, this treason-
able organization, I say to you now, that, smile
as you may in your fancied security—wrapped in
your cloak of privilege, and sustained as you
may be by an excited and misguided constituency,
you will yet be called to a fearful account for your
conduct in this crisis of our country's destiny.
You are the real instigators of all this violence
and crime. Upon your heads will finally rest the
guilt and the infamy. By your course you have
precipitated these fearful evils upon the country.
When this day of insanity and madness shall
have passed away; when the sober reason of the
people shall have returned; when truth, now ob-
scured by brazen and unblushing falsehood, shall
shine forth in her true colors; -when the motives
of the actors in this add drama shall be fully
known and appreciated, and uncloaked hypocrites
shall stand exposed, naked, and trembling in their
unmasked deformity, many, who are now exult-
ing in their fancied success, will call for rocks and
mountains to fall upon them and hide them from
the indignation of an abused and outraged public.
One alleged excuse for this Abolition crusade is,
that the Legislature of Kansas was a usurpation,
and its acts void. That may be so, or it miy
not. This is a question which the courts, and
the courts alone, can properly try and determine.
I shall not, here or elsewhere, become an apolo-
gist for the violators of law in Kansas. Those
who have attempted to control her destiny by
illegal voting, or by violence, whether they come
from Massachusetts or'Missouri, from Illinois
or South Carolina, deserve to be visited with the
heaviest penalties of the law. To me it makes
no difference from whence they come. They
have been guilty of enormities that ought not to
go unpunished. They have defaced the image of
God, and been guilty of treason against Heaven,
against free government, and the rights of man.
But the only code of laws in existence by which
they can be punished, is this much-abused Kansas
code. That there was wrong and fraud in the
election of many of the members of this Kansas
Legislature, I think is very probable. I regret
that such was the case. As a lawyer, I do not
think that such would be the result, but it is even'
possible that the courts would hold that these acts
are void. The consequences of' §nch a decision
would be dreadful to society; fend yet that is what
these "Republicans" have proposed to do by
direct legislation. I have ixftmined these Kansas
laws with some care, and I assert here, without
the fear of contradiction, that as a code, with
some few exceptions, they are worthy of all Com-
mendation. They provide a remedy for almost
every wrong, and a penalty for every possible
crime; and in a volume of five or six hundred
