1228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Present condition of Political Parties—Mr. Marshall, of Illinois. Ho. of Reps.
pages, there are but some half a dozen enactments
that any man can with good reason object to.
These we have proposed to repeal, or declare
void, because they were in violation of funda-
mental principles of the Constitution, and the
organic act of the Territory—but these model
"Republicans" have prevented us from doing so.
Nothing will satisfy them but a repeal of the
whole code in a body. Their papers are filled,
day by day, with accounts of the perpetration
of the most enormous crimes in Kansas by the
"border ruffians," and yet they would blot out
of existence the only code of laws under which
these men can be brought to trial and punish-
ment. If the Missourians have violated the elec-
tion laws, illegally taken possession of the polls,
or destroyed the ballot-boxes, I want to see them,
every man of them, brought to trial £nd punish-
ment. If Mississippians have gone to that Terri-
tory and committed robberies, arsons, and bur-
glaries, I want to see the severest penalties of the
law visited upon them. If Carolinians have indeed
gone there and brutally murdered our "free-State"
-men, I want to see them hung so high that they
..may prove a warring to all evil-disposed persons
in the future. But this will not satisfy these vir-
. tuous Republicans. They must repeal these laws,
and thereby legalize treason, murder, anarchy,
,  nd violence. Repeal these laws, and the traitor
and the murderer is placed upon a perfect equal-
ity with the virtuous and upright citizen. Repeal
these laws, and the man whose soul is blackened
with every crime, and whose skirts may be drip-
_ ping with the blood of murdered freemen, will
walk forth free and unfettered as the winds of
heaven. Such an enormous proposition was
never heard of before since the world began; and
yet this is just what is proposed by these model
Republicans.
Admit that there are obnoxious enactments in
this code: it does not follow that that gives us the
right to deprive the people of Kansas of their
most sacred heritage—the right of self-govern-
•- merit.,-, la theirs the only Legislature that has
-passed foolish or obnoxious laws? Why, sir,
there is not a Sate in the Union that has not done
the same thing. But the people affected thereby
. always discover the evil, and provide a remedy
jiili due time, and that without any officious inter-
meddling from without.
Have those Representatives of that honored old
Commonwealth, wlio are now so much troubled
about this Kansas code f and sq rojuch in love with
. the negro race, forgotten that at one time, in Mas-
■ sachusetts, there were statutes providing for ban-
ishing Baptists from the Colony, and forbidding
any one to speak against infant baptism ?—deny-
ing the son of the Emerald. Isle tlie right to set
' his foot upon her soil?—punishing.with death all
.persons (even the untutored Indians) inrha should
speak against the established religion as " a po-
litic device to keep ignorant men in awe ?'V-pun-
. ishing with banishment and death persona pro-
Sensing the Roman Catholic religion ?-i-punishing
- with imprisonment inoffensive Quakers, and
cutting off their ears, and boring their tongues
with a red-hot iron, for no crime except that <jf
being true to their own faith?—and banishing
citizens for even speaking against these laws?
Have they forgotten the. infamy of the " Hiss
Legislature," or the passage of the famous " per-
- sonal liberty bill?" The good people of Massa-
. cfChusetta have corrected most of these evils of
legislation; but they never would have permitted
any other people to have dictated to them the
t time or mode of repealing these laws. If there
. are other evils that need correcting, they are com-
petent to find the remedy, without any officious
. intermeddling of others. And this is all that is
i asked for the people of Kansas—that they may.
• be left free to frame their own laws, and to correct
- their own evils of legislation.
In this allusion to the early history of Massa-
chusetts legislation, I am not willing that my
v motives shall be misunderstood. If I had the
t power, I could not be induced to dim the lustre
of her glorious history. I have no sympathy
, with gentlemen who j*>ay attempt to detract from
. ,the fair fame of any portion of our common coun-
try; nor can they in this way afford me any
pleasure, command my gratitude, or secure my
respcct. The noble deeds of Massachusetts con-
stitute a part of the common heritage in which I
I claim a part. Her soil is a cherished- portion of
| this great country; and her Lexington,and Con-
| cord, and Bunker Hill, are holy places, cherished
! in the hearts of all true Americans. Every State,
every nook and corner, of this broad land, I
feel to be a portion of my country, whose repu-
tation and glory I cherish, and whose fame I
1 would be the last to deface.
I refer to these enactments only to prove that
. even the most enlighted communities will at times
pass very foolish and very unjust laws; and that
the only safe or justifiable rule under our system
1 is for every people to attend to the correction of
their own evils and their own laws, and leave
\ other communities the right and privilege of doing
1 the same thing for themselves. Unfortunately,
the disposition to intermeddle with, and try to
control, the legislation, and even the religion, of
others, with which we can have, rightfully, noth-
ing to do, has spread throughout the land, and
has at length brought us almost to the verge of
' disunion and civil war.
| Another wing of this allied army engaged in
this unholy warfare against the Democratic party,
is the southern branch, of the Know Nothing
party; the northern branch, with very few ex-
ceptions, having been swallowed up and com-
pletely identified with the Black Republican
movement. Of this secret, oath-bound organiza-
tion, I shall have very little to say. Its life has
been brief but eventful, and even now it is in the
, very act of giving up the ghost. As improbable
! as it will appear to future generations who may
i read the history of these times, there is no doubt
| that the great mass of the people who have been
entrapped within the meshes of this strange or-
ganization, entered it with the purest motives and
most patriotic purposes. They have discovered
their error, and are now rapidly retracing their
steps; and when the frosts of November shall
j visit us, the immortal " Sam" will have passed
i away from the earth, and the place that Knows
him now will know him no more forever. Born
1 of bigotry and intolerance, he was conceived in
| sin and brought forth in iniquity. His strange
bi*th, rapid growth, violent life, and sudden
' death, will form an interesting study for the future
politician and historian. Like Jonah's gourd,
he sprung,up full grown in a night-time only to
wither and die,before the'lightof the morning
sun. But brief as has been his career, he has
left footprints upon our institutions that it will
take ages to eradicate. But I will not dwell on
this, yiew of the subject. .
Fo/ the members or that party whom I have
met on this floor, (I mean those who have a just
claim to nationality in their feelings and senti-
ments,) I entertain, personally, the kindest feel-
ings. , Those with whom I have become more
intimate, I hope always to rank among my per-
sonal friends. But candor and truth compel me
to add that, in my own opinion, when the history
of these times is written, the blackest page will
be that which records the ingratitude of trie south-
ern Know Nothings to the Democratic party of
the northern States. The great battle which has
raged for the last two years throughout the North
between Abolition fanaticism on the one side, and
the defenders of the Constitution and the constitu-
tional rights of the South on the other, has been
the fiercest, the most bitter, prescriptive, and
relentless, known to the history of our country.
The great Abolition sea swelled, and its waters
rolled towards the national capital. Its billows
dasked against the pillars of the Constitution and
threatened to ingulf us all. But wherever the
storm raged fierest and the waves rolled highest,
the national men of the North were found strug-
fling, with almost superhuman efforts, to beat
ack this Abolition deluge from the capital. Many
of these men were beaten down by the enemy;
but the survivors, although they saw their breth-
ren falling on the right hand and on the left, still
fought on with courage and confidence.
And who are these men, who, at the sacrifice
of ease and comfort, and in the face of political
and social ostracism, thus battled, day after day,
for the rights of their distant brethren, and the
integrity of the Union? Among them you will
find Cass, and Douglas, and Richardson, and
Willard, and Hallet, and indeed, the entire De-
mocracy of the whole North; but you may cast
your eye over the whole field, from Maine to Cal-
ifornia, and you will not find one single member
of the Know Nothing party engaged in this con-
test on the side of the Constitution. Your Know
Nothing Banks, and Wilson, and Burlingame,
and Fuller, and men of like kidney, were in the
contest, but their blows were aimed at the De-
mocracy, and not at this dangerous Abolition fac-
tion. Your national men, if you had them, were
lying still while this storm was raging, and struck
no blow for the principles of the Constitution.
Your Fillmore, at a safe distance from the scene
of conflict, was quietly sipping his wine with the
Pope of Rome, or basking in the smiles of some
crowned head of Euorpe. The position of your
Henry M. Fuller, to say the best you can of him,
was so uncertain, that his Black Republican col-
leagues from his own State, voted for him for weeks
for Sneaker of the present House, under the belief
that he was as good a Free-Soiler as themselves.
If he had ever, previous to that time, raised his
hand once, and struck even one blow for the con-
stitutional rights of the South, he could not under
any circumstances have received one of these
votes. Fuller's record, as he has patched it up
here at the instigation of his southern friends,
does not better his condition. Take it altogether,
as stated by himself on this floor, and it is just
this, and you can make nothing else of it: "I
do not believe that the Federal Government has
any power to legislate on the subject of slavery
in the Territories; and as the President and Sen-
ate are against us, we cannot now restore the
Missouri restriction, and, therefore, I am opposed
to agitating the subject. But, if we had the Presi-
dent and the Senate with 1U, I would vott to restore
that restriction, notwithstanding, in my opinion, it
would be a violation of the Constitution and an in-
vasion of the constitutional rights of the South."
ForGiDDitfGS (who believes that we have the con-
stitutional power) to vote to prohibit slavery in the
Territories there is some excuse; but for Henrt
ftt. Fuller, who believes that such a restriction
would be a Federal usurpation, to declare, in the
face of this House and the country, that he would
'vote to place it on the statute-book, is to exhibit
a depth of fanaticism, or a cowardice in bending
to the force of Abolition sentiment, that ought to
damn him forever. And yet, this is the man
whom you " South Americans" have tried to
bolster up as a national man, and proclaimed as
one upon whom the South could safely rely.
It is an easy matter for you Know Nothings of
the South, removed far away from the scenes of the
conflict, supported and cheered on by your entire
constituency, to denounce this northern fanati-
cism ; but it is r different thing when, by standing
hy the rights'of the South, you stfbject yourself
to political and social ostracism, to the hatred
and denunciation of your neighbors, to insult and
mob violence; and for southern men to shut their
eyes to the truth in regard to this great battle
which is still raging throughout the North, and
to continue your misrepresentations of those who
are battling for your righ ts, is to be guilty of treason
against the rights of your own constituents. And
yet my colleague, [Colonel Richardson,] who has
spent a whole life time in battling against Aboli-
tionism and Free-Soilism, in all its various forms;
who conducted the fight and carried the Kansas-
Nebraska bill through the House of Representa-
tives; who returned Rome and beat back the Abo-
lition waves that threatened to overwhelm the
Capitol; and, when these billows beat even against
the doors of his own home, stood firm and unap-
palled, in a contest for many weeks here, did not
receive one single vote for Speaker from this
" South American" party, while you could all
vote without hesitation for the aforesaid Henrt
M. Fulller. But this is not all. No less dis-
tinguished a gentleman than the able representa-
tive from the Nashville district, [Mr. Zollic of-
fer,] rises in his seat here, and in the face of the
whole country declares that such men as Rich-
.ardson, and Douglas, and Stephens, are more
dangerous to the South than the Abolitionists.
This partial vindication of the Abolitionists by a
southern man surprised us all at the time; but it
was easily understood when, a few weeks after-
wards, we saw your Humphrey Marshalls , your
Readys, and your Zollicoffers, sitting down
