1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. of Reps.
in convention at Philadelphia, and consulting as
lo the best mode of defeating the Democracy, with
such rank Abolitionists as Governor Ford, of !
Ohio, and men of like kidney—men that a north- '
ern Democrat would not touch with a forty foot
pole. You denounce and misrepresent northern
Democrats who come here covered with the dust '
and smoke of battle, and covered all over with
the scars of wounds received in this great con-
test with Abolitionism, while you extend the right
hand of fellowship to the rankest Abolitionists
in the land; and yet you proclaim yourselves
the peculiar guardians of the rights of the South.
I do not doubt your devotion to your own inter-
ests and the interests and rights of your own
section; but your judgments have been so warped
by partisan prejudice and hatred of the Democratic
party that you must be numbered among those
who " having eyes see not, and having ears will 1
not hear the things that pertain to your own sal-
vation."
And all these factions are •arrayed for the
destruction of the Democratic party, and that, ,
too, at a time when it presents the only barrier
to the success of treason and fanaticism. This
is surely no time to disband or abandon that
glorious old party; a party that recognizes the
equality of the States and the political equality
of every citizen of the Republic; a party that,
like the dews of Heaven, dispenses its blessings
to all alike. This party is of no mushroom :
growth, and was engendered neither in the hot- I!
bed of fanaticism nor of religious bigotry. It was 5
born with the Constitution; and, planting itself 1
by the side of that sacred instrument, it has
"grown with its growth and strengthened with
its strength." It came into power in the infancy
of the Republic, and under its auspices our coun-
try has grown, and strengthened, and expanded,
until we have become the greatest, the most inde-
pendent, and, with the exception of evils resulting
from fanaticism and folly, the happiest people on
earth. Under its auspices every additional ac- "
quisition of territory has been achieved, and
every new extension of the Republic has been h
made. Under its auspices and protection our
empire took up its wonderful march westward, 1
ana lovely towns and smiling villages have sprung j
up, and decorate the banks of the beautiful Ohio. '
Under its auspices our people are developing
the resources of the valley of the great Father
of Waters. Under its auspices Texas was
acquired, and our flag now proudly floats on the
banks of the Rio Grande. Under its auspices
our people have passed the barriers of the Rocky'
Mountains, taken possession of the golden sands
of California, and are daily launching their ves-
«els on the Pacific's dark blue waves. Under its
auspices our flag now whitens every sea, and
visits every isle that gems the bosom of the ocean.
And this party, purified by the fires of persecu- |
tion, and invigorated with the best blood of the
old Whig party, now occupies a prouder position
than in any previous portion of its history.
And will you now ask us to abandon this party
while it is fighting the great battle of the Consti-
tution and the Union? Will you ask us to unite ,
with these new factions born of folly and mad-
ness, which have introduced strife, and mobs,
and violence, and bigotry, intolerance, and fanat-
icism ?—and which have already almost destroyed
the best Government God ever gave to man ?
Heaven forbid that we should do so! No; we will
stand by our old party as long as there is one
plank of the Constitution left for us to defend.
While the cohorts of fanaticism are marshaling
under the black banner of treason, and their
blows are heard at the outward portals of our
temple, we cannot take down our flag without
being guilty of treason against Heaven and lib-
erty.
" Ours is no sapling, chance-sown by the fountain,
Blooming at Beltane, in winter to fade; .
When the whirlwind has stripped every leaf from the
mountain, .
The more shall Clan Alpine exult in his shade;
Moored in the rifted rock,
Proof to the tempest shock,
Firmer he roots him the ruder it blows."
Mr. Chairman, the great battle of the Consti-
Union and the Union is now being*fought. Those
who would strike on# blow for the Constitution |
made by our fathers must rally under the flag of
the Democratic party. There is now no other
hope for the country. If that party is destroyed,
the Constitution and the Union must go down
with it. May Heaven avert this awful calamity!
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. TALBOTT,
of kentucky,
In the House op Representatives,
July 28, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. TALBOTT said:
Mr. Chairman: In a few remarks I had the '
honor to submit on a former occasion, I stated
that I had been elected to a seat upon this floor
as an independent Whig. I stated then, also, the
platform of principles upon which I was elected,
and to which I stood pledged to all parties, and
to the country. I take occasion now to reassert .
and reindorse the same platform of principles,
for by them I aih witling to stand or fall. I had
no time then, under the operation of the ten-min-
ute rule, to elaborate and enforce them; and 1 rise
now to ask the indulgence of the committee to vin-
dicate and justify the positions then adsuitted—
to define more clearly my own position—to
iitdicaU my future political course, and contrast,
briefly, the Native positions of the different
political parties now in the country.' I desire,
also, Mr. Chairman, to 'respond to 8<)rae'o'f;tfe<<
remarks made by my honorable colleague [Mr. j
Cox] a few evenings since. In doing this, I will
be necessarily compelled to say something about
Whiggery and Democracy, freedom and slavery,
Know Nothingism and Black Republicanism;
and I invite the attentiof of gentlemen of all the
political parties in the House, especially that of ,
my honorable colleague. •:
I do not rise, MrTChairman, to discuss the ex-
citing questions now before the country in a spirit'
of vituperation, or with a heart Overflowing with
personal rancor and Sectional ill-will, to engage
in crimination and recrimination. Of that, I
think, we have had quite enough already. I
would rather, if I could, wipe out—obliterate for-
ever— every offensive word, either personal or
sectional, that has been uttered on'this floor, and;
say something, if I knew What1," that would eaus6
the members of this Congress to flo^fcr together,
and legislate, as did oni> fathers, like a band of
brothers.- And why not, Mr. Chairman? Why
not we live, harmonize', and triumph together, as
did our fathers ? We have the same high priv-
ileges to enjoys the same great interests to main-
tain, that were enjoyed and maintained by them.
They had all the' same institutions, political,
social, and domestic,'to regulate, that we have.
They had all the same population to cohtrol,
native-born, naturalized, and foreign, that we
have. They had all the same religions—Pro-
testant and Roman Catholic, to tolerate and pro-
vide for, that we have. And yet, sir, they did
not disagree: they Cotild live, and legislate, and
harmonize together. They drew no invidious
distinctions between Protestants and Roman
Catholics—between native-born and naturalized
citizens. In peace they lived and loved together:
in war they fought and bled for each other. The
foe was a common foe, and the army of defense
united. They preserved harmony by providing
for every seetion; they maintained the union by
theiequality of rights; they prevented intolerance
by the freedom of religion; they sustained the
Government by doing justice td all. And thus,
1 without 'dissension, without division, and with-
out revolution, they led us on from weakness
to strength, and from greatness to glory, until,
by their wisdom, diplomacy, and peaceful gov-
ernment, they have won for us a place and a
name in the rank of nations the most elevated
and enviable in the world. And shall we now,
by our dissensions and discords about slavery
and religion,"nativeism and foreigniBm, in a spirit
of intolerance, suffer ourselves to be lashed into a
state of frensy, and precipitated into a senseless,
J suicidal, civil wear, and thus prove ourselves less
competent to maintain and enjoy, than our fathers
were to provide, preserve, and transmit to us, this
florious inheritance—our free institutions? No,
Ir. Chairman, I have not risen for any purpose
of crimination—not in a' spirit of vituperation,
but_ of conciliation. I would not say a word
which, if I knew it, would add one iota to the
already too excited state of feeling here and in
the country. Vituperation, denunciation, and
detraction, in my judgment, prove nothing to be
either true or false.
I am not for war, I am for peace; my people
are not for war, they are for peace; my section
is not for war, we are all for peace. We are for
the Constitution as it is; we are" for the Union as
it exists. We believe the Constitution as it
is, secures the rights of all; and the Union, if
preserved, can maintain the rights of all. We are,
therefore, for both—for peace, and against war.
I have not, therefore, risen to criminate or to
denounce, or for any purpose of that sort. With
gentlemen and their secret motives I have noth-
ing to do. It is of parties—the goQd or evil ten-
dency of their principles—their doctrines and their
systems of policy, that I desire, freely, yet
respectfully, to speak, on the present occasion. ■
Honest men, Mr. Chairman, sorfletimes entertain
very erroneous opinions—good men sometimes ■
preach very absurd and dangerous doctrines. '
Paul, the great Apostle of the Gentiles, I pre-
sume, persecuted the early Christians with t^uite
as mucn zeal and purity of purpose, at the time, -
as he ever afterwards preached the Gospel of life
and salvation to a lost and ruined world. Yet,
with ajl his zeal—with all his purity of pur-,
pofee, he trampled under foot the pfeeioiis blood'
of atonement, and crucified afresh the1 Lord of,
glory, by denying his Missiahship and his mis-
siort.' While, therefore, I intend to speak freely,-'
add What I think, of the opinions, views, and
doctrines of all the political parties, I d6' not in-
tend to attribute improper motives to any. I
rise for no such purpose. I rise, sir, for a very*
different, a'more important, and, I trust,'for a|
much more IA&dable purpose. The rights of my
constituents and the institutions of my State have
been assailed; the equal rights 6f my 'section
denied; our glorious* Union is menaced; «Ui3 I
rise to discharge what I conceive to be a high
duty I owe, in my representative capacity, to my
constituents, to the Constitution of my country,
to the TJnion 'of the Staies,ta the freedom of re-
ligion,anil to the equality of rights. I rise, sir,
in the name and in behalf of all these great in-
terests, to enter here, in my representative capa-
city, my humble, yet earnest and mostsolemn pro-
test against, what I conceive to be, the erroneous,
revolutionary, and suicidal principles and doc-
trines of Know Nothingism and Black Republi-
canism. I protest against the principles and pol-
icy of Black Republicanism, on the one hand, as
violative of the Constitution, incendiary and rev-'
olutibnary in their very nature, exciting strife
aud ill-will between-the different sections of the
Union by their very propagation, and, if carried'
out, not only destructive to the rights and degrading
to the people of .the South, but must and will, in
the very nature of things, result in a disruption
of the Union. I protest against the doctrines of
Know Nothingism on the other hand, as virtually,'
though indirectly, uniting Church'and'State,get-
ting up,a war of races and religions* drawing- in-
vidious distinctions betweenboth,in«endiary and
revolutionary in their ve-ry nature, exciting,' by
their propagation, discords and dissensions preju-
dicial to both Church and State—requiring new
tests of birth and blood for office, unknown to, awl
violative of the Constitution, which, if carried out,
while they may be'Jslower in''tbeir: operations,
must an4 will prove no less ruinous in their1
results. '> ■
But, Mr. Chairman, this is not the only pur-
pose for which I have risen. I-have not risen-
merely to enter my protest!against Know Noth-
ingism and Black Republicanism—not merely to
say that our rights have been assailed and oar
Union threatened. It will not do to raise the cry
of danger, and do nothing to avert it. It will not
do to see the whirlwind and the storm approach-
ing from the North, and make no preparation to
receive it. It will not do to say our glorious
Union is menaced, and do nothing to uw it.
