1233
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. of Reps.
conferred on Congress by the Constitution, neither is such a
power necessary to the exercise of any other one given to
Congress. It was umust, because, while it made all the
territory north of 36" 30' absolutely free, it did not do so as
to that south of this line, hut left it to the will of the peo-
ple who were its inhabitants."
This, sir, is what the Journal then said upon
that subject. What he now says we will have to
read his' paper to see. If the Journal was then
right, we certainly had truth, justice, and the
Constitution upon our side, in the passage and
maintenance of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and if
truth, justice, and the Constitution be on our
side, the people will certainly go with us; they
are always right—always on the side of truth,
justice, and the Constitution; and if the PEOPLE
be for us, WHO in this country can stand against
us? But, again, to show the rights the Journal
then thought the South had in the Territories of
the United States, under the Constitution, I will
read another extract from that paper of December
5,1854, in confirmation of the one I have just read.
This article is so consonant with my own views
upon the subject, and so much better expressed
than I could express them myself, that I will
transfer them as they are to my'speech, and
adopt and indorse'them as my own. It is in
answer to an article of the Albany Evening Jour-
rial, and reads as followsi-
"If the United "States have the right or power conferred
on them to acquire territory at all, it must he for the use
Bad benefit of all the titatea; there is nothing in the Coil- i
Btitution which even hy implication will warrant a partial
appropriation of this common property of the Union. '
" The right of property in newly-acquired territory la '
either perfect or imperfect. If it  perfect, then it catties [
with it all the collateral rights^«u«h as the enjoymentqf
Sroperty of any description that the people ot either tlie 1
forth or South may happen to own. If it is imperfect, then 1
mast the imperfection be occasioned by some constitutional j
or legal provision. It cannot exist of itself. >
" The Constitution has not only not prohibited property in .
slaves, but it has recognized it by providing for their recla- j
ination when they shall have escaped. The editor of the '
Albany. Journal says that we do ourselvea injustice by put- j
ting free and slave labor on a common platform. We will
endeavor to take care of our owp reputation, «nd in doing I
so shall inform that editor that We have not contrasted the
two kinds of labor. It is too late for the South to argue
the relative merits of the two species of labor. With her
that question is settled— slave labor is a fixed fact, fastened
pn her beyond control. It is theif PjUftpal rights and not the
relative advantages or disadvantages that are now the
proper subjects of discussion. ' Suppose we grant an inde-
finite superiority of free over slave labor, does the existence
of such a fact take from the South the right to use her in- ;
ferior labor, such as it is, at all? Such a conclusion is as
Illogical as its practical enforcement would be outrageous
and unjust.
" But it tti asserted by schne af tbe more radical of the
Free-Soilera that slavery does not nar^aanot existin lite
United States territory unless sanctionby express fegis-
tation. To such persons we reply that the legislative au-
thority is found in the nation&l Constitution—the organic
law of the land. If those who contend that, slavery can ;1
pnly exist by direct authority establishing it, mean to limit j
their application of the principle to a new government ;
never before formed, then they are correct, because the !
relation of master and slave cannot -exist per se—it must be \
established by the laws of the county. Such ie the case j
jn this country. It was established in the States prior to
the formation of the national Constitution; its existence
was recognized by that instrument, and the relative rights |,
and duties of the several States were established with ref- > !
erence to its peculiar requirements. The relation of master
and slave having been thus legally established, the right ,
follows the master whereverithasnotbeenlegnlly divested. [
Another State can divest him of this right, because the j
State's authority to exclude slavery within their limits'is ;
unquestioned and unquestionable; but in an organized 1'er- j
titory, belonging to the nation, there is no authority com-
petent to legislate on the subject. The citizen of the' slave
State, in the exercise of his right of common use in the
Territory, has the collateral right to take with him his
property. j
" The North may assert the right and the design of appro-
bating all the territory now and hereafter to be acquired
to the use and benefit of free labor, or free people alone; '
but if she does so, it is nothing but the assertion of the right I
pf revolution, and of a determination to resort to the arDit- 1
rament of might rather than right, in the enforcement of
her claims."
Now, Mr. Chairman, how any mail could
believe all this, and then think it wrong to pass, 1
abide by, and niainthin the Kansas-Nebraska bill, |
I am at a loss to see. I will not stop now to
comment at length upon the subject, but leave ;
you and the country to determine for your- :
selves. I will add, however, that, if the Mis-
souri compromise was both " unjust" and " un-
constitutional," depriving the South of her legal
•lid constitutional rights, as the Journal here says
it did, how, in the name of reason, justice, and
the Constitution, could it be either unwise or im-
proper to repeal it i It certainly cannot be wrong
to do justice to att, and maintain the Constitution. I
What next? In June, 1855, the great Know
Nothing party met in Philadelphia and passed
the following resolution, known as the twelfth
section, which is as follows:
" XII. The American party, having arisen upon the ruins
and in spite of the opposition of the Whig and Democratic
parties, cannot be held in any manner responsible for the
obnoxious acts or violated pledges of either. And the sys-
tematic agitation of the slavery question by those parties
having elevated sectional hostility into a positive element i
of political power, and brought our institutions into peril;
it has, therefore, become the imperative duty of the Ameri-
can party to interpose for the purpose of giving peace to the
country, and perpetuity to the Union. And, as experience
lias shown it impossible to reconcile opinions so extreme as
those which separate the disputants; and as there can be
no dishonor in submitting to the laws, the National Council
has deemed it the best guarantee of common justice and of
future peace, to abide by and maintain the existing laws
upon the subject of slavery, as a final and conclusive settle-
ment of that subject, in spirit and in suhetance. And re-
garding it the highest duty to avow their opinions upon a
subject so important, in distinct and unequivocal terms, it
is hereby declared, as the sense of this National Council,
that Congress possesses no power under the Constitution,
to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the States where
it does or may exist, or to exclude any State from admission
into the Union because its constitution does or does not
recognize the institution of slavery as a part of its social
system; and expressly pretermitting any expression of opin-
ion upon the power of Congress to establish or prohibit
slavery in any Territory,—it is the sense «f the-National
Council, that Congress ought not to legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery within the territory of the United States, and
that any interference by Congress with slavery as it exists
in the District of Columbia, would be a violation of the spirit
and intention of the compact by which the State of Wary-
land ceded the District to the United States, and a breach
of the national faith."
Now, the Kansas-Nebraska bill, repealing the
Missouri compromise line, had become a law,
before this famous twelfth section was adopted.
Then, sir, this section solemnly pledged Mr.
Fillmore and every Know Nothing in the Union,
the Louisville Journal included, "to abide by
and maintain the existing laws (the Kansas-
Nebraska bill) upon the subject of slavery, as
a final and conclusive settlement of the subject,
in spirit and in substance." How can Mr.'Fill-
more now, without violating his pledge thus
given, characterize that act as a " reckless and
unwise policy5"—the " result of a selfish atnbi-
tion "—& " wanton disturbance "—a " Pandora's
box?" Why, sir, if the KAnsas-Nebraska act
be all that Mr. Fillmore now says it is, why did
he and hiB party, the Louisville Journal included,
pledge themselves, at Philadelphiajin June, 1855,
to abide by,and maintain it?" Why did they
do it? I will leave them and the country to
say.
Wqll, sir, if Mr. Fillmore and his party can
meet in June, 1855, and pledce themselves to the
country-" to abide by ana maintain &U theescisting
laws on slavery," and then meet.tyi February,
1856, and repudiate and denounce the existing
laws on slavery, how can they ask the country,
and expect the country, to believe they'are in
favor of the existing !a\vs on slavery ? Now, Mr.
Chairman, read this twelfth section, pledging
Mr. Fillmore and his whole party, to " abide by
and maintaifi'" the Kansas-Nebraska bill, "in
spirit and in substance." Then read the thir-
teenth section in their present new platform,
denouncing that bill, for repealing the Missouri
compromise line, and say what right they have to
talk aboi^" obnoxious acts or violated pledges."
Read these, and then say, who has keptthe faith.
Then say if Mr. Fillmore1 and his party have not
forfeited all claim to nationality, conservatism,
and consistency. Read the articles in the Louis-
ville Journal, and then say if Mr. Fillmore is
willing to restore the "injustice" and outrage per-
petrated upon the Smith, by the passage of the
Missouri compromise line. Read them, and
say if the Kansas-Nebraska bill shall not
stand. Read these, and then say if Mr. Buch-
anan is not the only candidate now upon the
.track for the Presidency, who has been firm,
conservative, and consistent, throughout. Read
these, and say if Mr. Fillmore has stood by the
resolutions of his party, passed -at Baltimore in
1852, "in spirit and in substance," then say if he
has stood, and still stands by the famous twelfth
section, pledging him to rtiaintain the existing
laws upon slavery. Read them all, and then tell
me where the obnoxious acts and violated pledges
are, where the true, conservative, constitutional
i grounds are—whether with the old Whig and
Democratic parties, or with the new intensely
American party ?
Now, see the very striking contrast, in the
consistency of the old-line Whigs and the Demo-
cratic party, and the Know Nothing party. In
1850, the Democrats and Whigs voted for the
compromise measures as a principle. In 1852 they
indorsed them as right. In 1854 they carried
them out, in spirit and in substance, by the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. In 1855 they
maintained and defended them. In 1856 they
have started a candidate for the Presidency, who
is for them, out and out—in all their length and
breadth, heighth and depth—in spirit and in sub-
stance. I will, now, sir, leave you and the coun-
try to determine who is right, and who wrong;
who worthy, and who unworthy; who has kept
the faith, and who has broken the faith; who shall
be the next President—Fremont, Fillmore, or
Buchanan.
I desire now to give you what one of Mr.
Buchanan's ablest and most distinguished oppo-
nents, the Hon.George Robertson, of Kentucky,
said of him and his position, in a public speech, a
few days since, in my own State. The following
statement in relation to his speech I clip from a
Kentucky paper:
" A Candid Admission.—The Hon. George Robertson^
in a public speech at Keene, Jessamine county, on Satur-
day; last, declared that Mr. Buchanan was an able and ex-
perienced statesman, an honorable gentleman, a patriot,
firm, reliable, andsound on the slavery question, and that the
country would be safe in his hands. He said he did not in-
tend to attack him on any of these points. He was a good
man, and a safe man, and no man could deny it."
"• This, sir, is what Mr. Buchanan's enemies have
said of him, his position and principles.
And I will now give you what one of Mr.
Fillmore's at present warm personal, and form-
erly political, friends says of him, his platform,
and his party. • It is from one who knows what
he is talking about, and understands what he
says.: The following is an extract from the letter
of Mr. Burwell to his constituents, resigning his
seat in the House of Delegates in Virginia, to
which he had been elected by the Know Nothing
party. Mr. Burwell was the former editor of the
American Orgas*,' in this city, and also of the Re-
public, Mr. Fillmore's organ while President.
The extract is as follows:
" Regarding the question of slavery as paramount to all
others before the Athericiin people, satisfied that the Whig
party of the North Sadi' used with the Free-Soilers, and that
the Democratic party was paralyzed by its own dissensions,
I bad, with many others, s ought in the American party a
16ve of Union, a fraternal affection, and a national pride,
which should reconcile and quiet forever the differences
existing among us.
i , ."The first national action of this party encouraged- the
hope that it would realize this patriotic expectation. It
1 'announee-d in June, 1855, that it would maintain the exist-
ing legislation opon the subject of slavery as a settlement
■ of the question^ Under this declaration some thirty-three
members of Congress were elected by the American party
in the' southern States.
"In February, 1858, this policy was changed.' The
! pledge to maintain existing legislation was substituted by
a creed, in which, not only the subject, but the name of
' slavery' is carefully ignored. The guarantee for the admis-
sion of new slave States, specifically given by the declara-
tion of 1855, is replaced by an article which recognizes
the right of the legal citizens of a Territory ' to frame their
constitution and laws, and to regulate their own domestic
and social affairs in their own mode, subject only to'—the
Wilmot proviso, or to' the provisions of the Federal consti-
tution,' which last phrase, under the interpretation of the
dominant majority in Congress, means precisely the same
thing. With this restriction the privilege of admission into
the Union is granted to the territorial State whenever it
shall 'have the requisite population for one Representative
in Congress.'
"At the same time, and upon the same principle of neu-
trality, the American party nominated for its candidate a
gentleman of integrity and patriotism, but ft did not require
him to say whether he would, if elected, veto a bill restoring
the Missouri restriction, or repealingthe Kansas act. Those
who have regarded the pending question too important to
be left in doubt, have been informed that the nominee is
' platform enough,' and that his past official acts afford a
sufficient assurance of his future. Taking his signature of
the compromise of 1850 as the most prominent of these acts,
■we encounter insurmountable difficulties of construction.
The friends of the Kangasact contend that it is a legitimate
deduction from the compromise of 1850; but thousands
who advocated that compromise assert that the Kansas act
is a flagrant violation of that measure. If the inference,
that the Kansas aet resulted from the compromise, is inev-
itable, there could be no controversy upon this subject U«t
there is a radical difference upon this subject; therefore the
position of the American nominee upon this question la
doubtful; and those who are disposed to support him may,
without impugning liis integrity, ask his construction upon
I the consistency of the Kansas act with the compromise of
! 1850, and whether it is his purpose to maintain or pepeal it*
