t*u
[Au&tist T,
34th GdNB....lsT -A Pket ftfr \h€ Comiiry dgnifist the Sediorts^Mr. 'Dtttis,"of bfarylfflft?' T"!-H-<y."6rREPS.
result atsHW'^r1 WettS IVom Mis-
souri. 1 ampere, siW fbr m>t *rty. I am Speak-
ing this day*for th# Constitution atfd the union.
I am pleading for the great rights of American
citizens. I am pleading for the K6nor and integ-
rity of the American Government and the Amer-
ican name. I will Set down no word in malice
that woirfd tinge the honor of the country or hide
one dark trait which the people of the country
ought to know. The reason the North is opposed
to the Democratic party is, that they have done
these things.
Now, ah-.' perhaps We begin to see why 'the
rierthernpeopfe will not support Mr. Buchanan.
Why"will they not support him ? Why will not
the conservative vote be given for him ?— for
there is a conservative majority. They Will not
vote for the Democratic party, rior fbr the Dem-
ocratic Nominee, because they have been guilty
of thefce things. They will not vote for them,
because they hate never repented in sackcloth
and ashes. They will not Vote for them, because
they have denied the wrongs" before the proof,
and defended them after the proof. They will
ftbt vote for them, because they have reiterated
the hlsult.. They will not vote for them, because
they have blazoned on their banner the very
■words of the ambiguous oracle of the Kansas and
Nebraska act, the very cause and. declaration of
war, noV no longer deluding any one, but plainly,
in bloody letters, interpreted on . the fields of
Kansas. These are reasons they think sufficient,
and they are likely t'O continue to think them
sufficient. If Mr. Fillmore Were In that position,
tbey would not vote for him. Ay, sir, even a
conservative northern man, tempted by Spirit of
revenge and retaliathrii, would have to argue witb
himself a long time before he could bripg himself
down to vote for this man who has outraged all the
fselin'gswith which these men have been brought
up—the best and the niost conservative of'them,
thousands of degrees from Abolitionists — men
who are supporting the ^Constitution and the
Union —men who are willing to support and
defend the institution of slavery—men like those
at Boston, who, to execute the fugitive slave law,
marched down the streets of that city with loaded
arms, to shoot doWn their own citizens, thatyou,
men of the South, might be protected. These
are the men you have driven from you. Where
will they go, if Mr. Fillmore Were not offered to
them as the symbol of peac«?
Sir, I put it to my honorable Friends to apply
to them the argumeritisl they hold valid at the
South. These northern men are of like passions
with us, moved by insult, not above revenge, and j
not £iven to preferring, in a sectional contest, the j
candidate of their opponents. . My Democratic j
friends, from every hustings in the South, exhort
the people to vdte for Mr. Buchanan because he is
the joMtftern candidate, because he is for the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, because he is against compromise,
ih a southern sense, because he is the strongest
mm opposed to the northern sectional candidate.
And by this sort of argument th^y admit thai
the sectional candidate at the North represents
the same class of men at the North that they
represent at the South—men who are no more
unreasonable in a northern than they are in a
southern sense. As they appeal to the South,
so do the men who support Mr. Fremont appeal
to the North. Gentlemen of the Democratic
party, judge ye hint) far they are entitled to weight.
Are they conclusive? Do thejc compel me to
F'eld my political preferences? Is it'right that
shall go for Mr. Buchanan? Am f bound
to bow the knee to him? Is it so desperate a
case that I must stomach the imputations and
the slurs which were hurled on me and the Amer-
ican party during two or three months of this
long session ? Snail I, for these considerations of
a merely^ sectional aiid southern character, be-
cause he is, you say, the candidate of my section,
abandon those who have stood by us ? I pray
you to recall to vour memories, atid weigh well
the obloquy cafit on the American party. We
were, you sdy, an Unconstitutional party; yea,
the very enemies of the Constitution. We were
opposed to civil and religious liberty. We were
for depriving men of equal rights. We were for
driving the hdnest foreigner frbm ourshores. We
were midnight assassins—stained with the blood
amT dirtof riotous mobri. Wefiad taireh uftcon-
stitutional oaths not to ob^y the Constitution.
We could not be touched in the Speaker's con-
test. No compromise could be made with us. No
exchange of candidates could be thought of for a
moment. The honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller,| who better accords with
their notions on Slavery, m theory and in practice;
than the honorable member from Illinois, so long
their candidate, could not be touched. .The very !
meeting in convention, the very meeting-in cau- ;
cus—ay, sir,1 the very meeting fbr open consulta-
tion, was scorned and flung back in our faces.
They could hot touch these political lepers. A
plurality rule'was an altemative'they preferred; j
knowing the consequences of the vote would be
to place the preterit Speaker in Ihechair.
Sir, it is my misfortune that I have a weak
stomach for the digestion'6f'indignities, and it
revolted at thedegradation'th&twas atteftfpted'to
be placed on us. 1 resolved not to'make an elec-
tion between the candidates Of the sectional par-
ties, but to let them'fight it out, and. take the Con-
sequences. Such was their horror pf this Amer-
ican party,that Democratic geritlemten united with
the Republicans to pass, that plurality resolution -
which elevated to the chair the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, who, whatever may bie
said of his political opinions, arid mfuch as 1
deplore his political aberrations, has graced the j
chair he occupies withdignity, ability, upd im- |
partiality, but whom they branded as faithless to ;
the Constitution, the fiercest enemy of the South,
holding the foul dogma of amalgamation—Whose
elevation would be the sure precursor Of Calami- i
ties nameless and numberless. They were willing
to take that plurality rule, which inevitably would j
result.in his election, rather than the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. ^
Such was their conduct to us—so cohciliatot-y ,
so amiable, so loving, so winning—yet, in the ,
face of this rough wooing, they urge us, because
of out connection with the South, to abandon Mr. j
Fillmore, the choice of our hearts, for Mr. Buch-
anan, because Mr.'Buchanan is the safe and
strong man for the South, the representative of
southern interests. So intensely did they hate us, j
so much more did they hate us than the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [the Speaker,] yet so ;
paramount do they regard the allegiance to the i
sectional candidate, that they ask us to sacrifice
our personal preferences, ottrpbliticail convictions,
our outraged dignity, for their triumph !
Be it so. Is that the intensity of their sectional
devotion ? I ask them to apply the argument 1
north of Mason and Dixdri s hne, and tell me ,
who, if heis not utterly abandoned'and'degradetT,
can, under these circumstances, vote fbr that can-
didate who holds the position theircandidate holds
at the South and towards the South.- I make
here no argument of my own. I take honorable !
gentlemen upon their principles. I commend to '
their lips the chalice they mixed and poisoned I
for mine, and I dare them to the taste. I krtow i
that my friends in rashness and hot party strife j
have done many things to endanger the Consti- J
tution. I do not believe they wish to elect Fre-
mont; but, sir, if they had been bent'directly upon j
accomplishing that purpose, no mancould find out
any manner which would more directly and more :
inevitably accomplish that result than that Which
has been pursued. I wish to free it from all col-
lateral issues, and put this one great argument
before the country, so that there shall be an end :
to this effort to get rid of Mr. Fillmore by this
appeal to southern prejudices. I wish to deal j
with that, and nothing else, to-night. I say, sir. j
if Mr. Fitlmore be not supported by the South,
the whole North, and every State of it, must ana j
will, conservative men and madmen^' vote for I
Mr. Fremont, by the very sajne reason that j
Democrats urge to induce southern gentlenien to ;
abandon Mr. Fillmore for Mr. Buchanan. There j
"needs but these words to accomplish it: " Fill- j
more is deserted by the South he saved-" That |
one line would be a quietus .undoubtedly, of this
contest. Democrats must accept that result of J
their own reasoning. They claim everV south-
erner in the name of sectional interests. The Re-
publicans will claim every northern man in the
I name of northern interests. If we must obey,
I they must obey. Is the North, Will the Demo-
crats 1 aftimt, ?er?s (djhfeiKfel, less exrcifatJle, less
hbstilfe, 'thari themSefVSs?' ,If not, 'the 'sectiopM
ffeeling must'press them 'it least equally. Will
they Be likely to Ksten more rea'dily to reasons
for Mr. Buchanan than southern men to reasons
for Mr. Fremont? Or will not bnlh be more
accessible to arguments for Mr. Fillmore than
eTthVr. ' Do fhey suppose the northern laborer td
be less fn teres ted than'the southern planter in the
question of free and slave labor,' dr is he moi'e
cool arid unprejudiced wheh his livelihood and
personal dignity are involved", than the southern
planter whose property only i^ affected ?
The argument, therefore, must be abandoned,
or it must be admitted unquestionably true
that the .logical resultis to'drive the wholeNorth.
not into the arfns of Mr. Buchanan,' bu't into the
arms of'Mr. Fremont.
The Democratic parity'^t theNorth has rfieh&i
away into the Fremopt p&rty. Theyform 'its
strength. They have done so, because /Aewwere
specially grieved by the use made of their Repre-
sentatives in the Kansas-bill cohfli'ct. TheyTiad
always been what, in other people tHp. southerri
Democrats Called Free-Soil. That feftone out ih
the remarks of the honorable gentle'm'an from
Ohio [Mr. Letter] .whose series of resolutions
for fifteen years Spake one 'language^—beginning
in the Democratic conventions priding in the
Republican conventions—with'a'liriity of senti-
ment and language defying the detection of the
point where the Democrat Shaded off into the
Republican. It is for this reason that this blow
has been so fetal to the 'Democratic party of the
Nttrth—that the hatred 6f the North is so deadly^
against it and yet is confined to .'it, and yet sq
sagaciously under control, so ih'ueh Of method iH
their madness, that they Will not allow a chance-
foMr. Buchanan of election by pluralities, but
Will defeat that by any combftia^ltrn.
This view should determine the South to disen-
tangle its cause from the fragments of the broken,
powerless, and obnoxious Democrats. The Dem-
ocratic party are no longer fit mediators' between
North and'South. How can they exact perform-
ance of the Texas Compromise ? HoW protest
against a repeal of the fugitive slave law ? How
demand that the Wilmot proviso be riot extended
to all the Territories? How claim the a!dmission
of more slave States? Their mou'th is sealed on
these topics before the revenge of the Repub-
licans. By the law of retaliation, these things
would be natury and iust punishments %to tbat
party which 'Has s#ejj\ aW'ay the compromises
and denied the principles on which all these
tights rested. .The Republican closes his mouth
with the reply, " You (the Democratic party)
have no right to appeal to us. "
It is'ottly in the name Of the southern b^Ople—
of the men whOJ do not join iri the' Outrage—that
these dire consequences can be surely avoided.
The repudiation of the Democratic party is the
first condition and best security of peace and
safety. It silences'the plea of revenge and retal-
iation. The people.of the South owe it to them-
selves arid to their ftitrire as completely to discard
the Democrats .as the "people of the North have
withdrawn from them their confidence.
' But there are Democratic gentlemen _who antjei-
Eate the success of the argument in driving every
ody to support Mr. Fremont, and who speculate
on the consequence^. There are men. who go
about the couhtry declaiming about the inevitable
consequences of the election of Frginont; and the
question is asked whether that 'siriiple. fact js not
sufficient, riot merely to justify, but to require, a
dissolution of the Union ? The question has been
asked me to-day. That is'a question which I do
not regard as even.a subject of discussion. It
never will be done While "men have their reason.
It never will.be jlone until some party, bent upon
acquiring party power,, shall again and again and
again exasperate, beyond the reach of reason, the
northern and southern minds, as^ my southern
friends have now exasperated the northern mind.
It would be an act of suicide, and sane_ men_ do
not commit suicide. The act itself is, insanity.
It will be done, if ever,, in a tempest of fury
and madness which cannot stop to reason. Dis-
solution means death^ the suicide of liberty,
without a hope of resurrection——death without
the gloriefc of immortality; with no sister to
