1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
34th Cong....1st Sess. General Politics of the Country—Mr. A. K. Marshall, of Kentucky. Ho. of Reps.
mourn her none to wrap her deeently in her
winding sheet and bear her tenderly to a sepul-
cher—dead liberty, left to all the horror of cor-
ruption, a loathsome thing, with a stake through
the body, which men shun, cast out naked on
the highway of nations where the tyrants of the
earth who feared her living will mock her dead,
passing by on the other side, wagging their heads,
and thrusting their tongue in their cheek at her,
saying, behold her, how she, that was fair among
the tuitions is fallen! is fallen! and only the few
wise men who loved her out of every nation will
shed tears over her desolation as they pass, and
cast handfuls of earth on her body to quiet her
manes, while we, her children, stumble about
lu r ruined habitations to find dishonorable graves
wherein to hide our shame. Dissolution! How
shall it be? who shall make it? Do men dream
of Lot and Abraham parting, one to the east,
and the other to the west, peacefully, because ,
their servants strive? That States will divide
from States, and boundary lines will be marked
by compass and chain ? Sir, that will be a por-
tentous commission that shall settle that par-
tit.on, for cannon will be planted at the corners,
and grinning skeletons be finger posts to point
the way. It will be no line gently marked on .
tuc bosom of the Republic — some meandering
vein whence generations of her children have
drawn their nourishment—but a sharp and jagged
chasm, rending the hearts of great Common-
wealths, lacerated and smeared with fraternal,
blood. On the night when the stars of her con- ■
stehation shall fall from Heaven, the blackness
of darkness forever will settle on the liberties of
mankind in this western world. This is disso-
lution.
If such, sir, is dissolution as seen in a glass
darkly, how terrible will it be face to face? They
who reason about it are half crazy now. They
who talk of it do not mean it, and dare not mean
it. They who speak in earnest of a dissolu-
tion of this Union seem to me like children or
madmen. He who would dol such a deed as that, '
would be the maniac without a tongue to tell his
detd, or reason to arrest his steps—an instru-
ment of a mad impulse, impelled by one idea—to
smite his victim. Sir, there have been maniacs
who have been cured by horror at the blood they
have shed!
Gentlemen ask, if Mr. Fremont be elected, how
will Maryland go?—what will Maryland do? I
do not allow that question to be asked. She
knows but one country and but one Union. Her
glory is in it. Her rights arp bound up in it.. Her
children shed their blood for it, and they will do
it again. Beyond it she knows nothing. She
does not reckon where there is more advantage in
the Union to the North or the South—she does
not calculate its value—nor does she cast up an
account of profit and loss on the blood of her
children. That is my answer to that question.
But, sir, it is portentous to hear the members
of a party contesting for the Presidency, menace
dissolution and revolution as the penalty they
will inflict on the victors for defeating them. Peo-
ple who do not hold the Union worth four years'
deprivation of office are scarcely safe depositaries
of its powers!
But if these are to be the bloody consequences
of a successful concentration of the northern vote
on Mr. Fremont, will not my Democratic friends,
as the result of the argument, allow the moderate
and conservative men of the North and of the
South a chance to cling to those around them
who, being open to reason, yet doubt how they
shall vote, and reiterate in their ears reasons why
they should not drive this dangerous issue to a
decision ? They suppose that because in the
wreck of parties they must go to the wall, or to
the bottom, unless Mr. Fillmore can be gotten rid
of, that which is necessary to save them is like-
wise necessary to save the Union. "We are the
State-," what is good for us, therefore, is good
for the State, is their reasoning; and the Kansas
act and civil war is the conclusion. Self-love,
party-devotion, have misled them. Their safety
and their success involve great danger to the Re-
public, and in their ruin lies the safety of the Republic.
Sir, they boast at the South—and it is their io
triumphe—that they have defeated and overthrown
Molition. Is it from this great struggle, then, that
the Democratic ranks are weak and wan and thin?
Wily, sir, the Abolition party fell beneath the
blows of Millard Fillmore, leading the conserva-
tive men of all parties—the Clays, the Websters,
the Footcs,the Bentons. of that greatvera of 1850.
It died of the compromise of 1S50, and was laid
in a tomb inscribed with those acts, and bearing
on its base the words: Millard Fillmore, fecit.
Their leaders covered the Journals of the Senate
with their protests against those wise but obnox-
ious concessions which laid the evil spirit. But
when the monster was overthrown and the field
deserted, they dug up the dead body and laid it
at the feet of the South, and claimed their re-
ward—
" Lo! our trophy—lo! our scalp—to you be the spoil of
our sword and spear!"
Ay, sir, they
" Fought a long hour by Shrewsbury clock."
When Prince Hal made Percy food for worms,
Fallstaff counterfeited death; and when the fight
was over and the victor gone, Falstaff thus solilo-
quizing—
" Zounds, I am afraid of this gunpowder Percy, though
he be dead." " Therefore, I'll make him sure: yea, and
I'll swear I killed him." " Nothing confutes me but eyes,
and nobody sees me"—
stabbed the dead body in the thigh, shouldered
it, and cast it at the feet of the victor—
" There is Percy: if your father will do me any honor,
so; if not, let him kill the next Percy himself. I look to
be either earl or duke, I can assure you
The Prince turned away—Falstaff following—
" I'll follow, as they say, for reward. He that rewards
me, God reward him !" |
Mr. Chairman, I have but a few words more to I
say. Whose cause am I pleading ? I speak here
in behalf of that vilified party, representing the
mass of the American people in revolt against the
domination of effete parties, which is willing,
irrespective of the chances of success or defeat,
like its great leader, to devote itself to the Con-
stitution and to the Union. I have sworn to
support the Constitution and the Union. I am
bound to see, and will see, that contending fac-
tions shall not make the foreign vote the balance of
power in this country. I have resolved that, so
far as in me lies, religion shall be banished from
politics, and no man shall attempt to invoke the
religious prejudices of any man. Sir, I will de-
vote myself to weeding out these transactions
with the secession party of the South, with the
Abolition party at the North, with, religious
parties aspiring to political power, be they Meth-
odist or Qatholic, with foreign votes that can be
bought, ■with the venal of all parties, who play
the game of power with the interests of the peo-
ple, and light the war of sectional interests that
they may be sutlers to the camp. And whether
we succeed to-day, or not till to-morrow, time is
for us, the future is ours, the Young American
cries the name of the American party and im-
bibes its principles in his earliest and pristine
vigor. These sentiments will not die out for a
generation, and in less than a generation the Re-
public can be saved. I, sir, shall abide by that
candidate who has been selected by this party to
protect the interests of this country.
Between the candidates of rival sections I will
not select. I can accept no statesman of twenty
days, whose only principle is, the forcing of the
Topeka constitution on the necks of the Kansas
people, without pledges to the future for good be-
havior, or a past to read the future by. 1 marvel
at my Republican friends, still smarting under
the experience of what one unknown man may
do, walking with their eyes open into the same
trap. I can accept no man whose tortuous career
touches alternately each extreme of the political
sphere, his political life merged in a party plat-
form, and chosen as the leader of the Democratic
party to torment the North to madness, and to
follow in the footsteps of this Administration on
the bloody grounds of Kansas. I have no pref-
erences between two men who dispute the doubt-
ful honor of applying the torch to the temple of
the Constitution.
No law can quiet Kansas, unless a soothing
Administration soften the exacerbated feelings of
the people. With such an Administration no law
is needed. If Mr. Buchanan be elected, he will
follow the bloody policy of this Administration,
whose sins and glories, Greytown, Ostend, Kan-,
sas, and all, decorate and oppress him. If Mr.
Fremont be elected, he will be tlje hero of a coun-.
ter revolution,fierce and merciless as is the retali-
ation of the oppressed, the sport of fierce passions
to which he will owe his power, and which he
cannot and dare not control.
I shall, in this crisis, adhere to Millard Fillmore,
who knows not where the South ends and the
North begins, equally above fear or flattery, dec-
orated with the glory of an illustrious administra-
tion, saluted " Pacificator" by the acclaim of the
people, and now alone capable of restoring peace
to this distracted land. He has been tried on each
extreme of fortune. He has passed through the
torrid zone of heady and tempestuous youth with-
out excess. He has trod the temperate zone of
maturer manhood, where ambition burns with
strongest flame, and reason stands ready to min-
ister to its bidding, unswayed by any temptation;
and now, near the close of a great career, in that
last zone, when the head is crowned with the
snow of many winters, and the sun of reason
knows no setting, where there is no mist to cloud
the eye, and no passion to lead astray the heart,
the past of life is more than the future, temptation
jeopards more than it can promise, and only pos-
terity and the throne of God are before him. He
can do justice in the face of temptation, and be-
tween contending factions who will not do justice
to themselves. To him I shall adhere in every
extremity. To him I summon my countrymen,
in the name of the Union he saved. And in this
great issue I put myself on God and my country.
general politics op the country.
Speech of hon. a. k. Marshall,
| of kentucky,
In the House op Representatives,
Jiugust 7, 1856.
The hojm* being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL, said:
Mr. Chairman; As the Representative of a
people unsurpassed for intelligence and conserv-
ative patriotism, I have thus far discharged my
duties without consuming much of the time of the
House. I would still prefer that course, feeling
that there has already been too much waste of
time in useless discussion. There is no necessity
for me to make an exposition of my views or
opinions, or to "define my position," in refer-
ence to men or measures. My past political his-
tory is generally well understood by my constit-
uents; and there are few in my district, of any
party, who doubt as to what are my opinions, or
what will be my course upon those questions
which now are of deepest interest to the counti-y.
Yet, I feel disposed to meet one position which
is taken by every member on one side of the
House—a position unsustained by law, history,
or truth.
Those gentlemen who have " shrieked for
freedom" on this floor, start out with the decla-
ration that " freedom is national, and slavery
sectional." If they mean,as I suppose they do,
that the institution of slavery, as confined to the
African race in this country, is sectional—the
creature of municipal regulation and local law,
limiting its extension—they do so in the teeth of
history and constitutional law. The very reverse
is true. But if they mean freedom—that boon
for which our fathers fought—the freedom of the
whole white race,is national,! concede that point.
1 know nothing of white slavery. It is not known
in the section which I have the honor, in part, to
represent. If it exists at all, you gentlemen of
the North have it all to yourselves. It is your
institution; we know nothing of it in the South,
and it is indeed sectional. 1
It is a fact well known io every gentleman
here, that slavery existed prior to the formation
of the Constitution, w^s coextensive with the
entire country, and every were recognized. It is
acknowledged in, not established by, that instru-
ment. There is not, and could not, be in it a
provision limiting the institution of slavery. It
but gave to it national protection where it found
