1S48'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GivQBJ).
[August^:
34th Cong 1st Sess,
Presidential Issues—Mr. Foster.
ho< of h«! ps.
forego that which they believe to be right, be-
cause their eaemiea my they cannot succeed?
This is to capitulate withoutablow—to surrender
without a shot. Others aty do ao if they like;
for myself, I know but one course to pursue, I
have but one rule of action: satisfied that 1 am
right, convinced that my position is the proper
one to take, I will pursue the course I have marked
out, regardless of the conduct of others, or my
chances of success. I will do my duty, and leaTe
the rest to God and the country. I will not desert
my colon because the tide of1 battle presses hard
upon me.
Especially it is urged that Mr. Fillmore will
not receive southern support—that he will get no
southern State. If this were true, it were, for
the South and for the country, a melancholy
thing. There are some things which gentlemen
see and know, but are not willing to admit. I tell
the Democrats, especially southern Democrats,
that if this is true, or if they produce that im-
pression upon the northern friends of Mr. Fill-
more, the defeat of Mr. Buchanan is put beyond
a doubt, and Fremont'selection sure. Gentlemen
of the Democratic party, upon what do you base
your hopes of success in the .North ? Be candid,
and you must admitthat you have no rational hope
of carrying asolitary northern State for Buchanan,
except by a plurality vote. This I know to be
true. Gentlemen may talk as they please, but I
know that their hopes ia the free States rest upon
the diversion they expect in favor of Mr. Fill-
more. Oh, how earnestly do the Republicans
pray for his withdrawal! They know what
would be the result; they know that many, very
many Democrats are held on to the party and its
nominee by virtue of their old prejudices against
the Whig party, and the remembrance qf Mr. Fill-
more's conservative course when President. They
remember that he stood firmly by the South then, and
they know he will do so again. It is well known
to every man here that the friends of Mr. Fill-
more North are the moderate, the conservative
men. He gets the vote of no Abolitionist—of no
extreme man. They are men, however, who are
opposed to this Administration, and to the policy
and platform of the Democratic party. They are
the true American party, who stand upon the
American platform, and that still better and more
reliable platform—Millard Fillmore's recorded
deeds, and his present independent, manly, and
national position.
Now, sir, convince these men that they are to
be deserted by their southern friends; that, de- i
spite the position of the Democratic party in refer- |
ence to the American party; despite all the insults, i
the abuse, the slanders, which are daily and
hourly heaped upon us; despite the proscription
which has been enforced against us, from the <
officer to the day-laborer; despite of all these ■
repeated and continued just causes of political <
objection and personal complaint, we of the South
should turn frojp them and join our enemies; unite
iu unjust, ungenerous, ana unkind denunciation
of them and that friend who, in trying times,
" felt it a duty (and did it well) to rise above all
sectional prejudices, and look to the welfare of the
whole nation;" whose patriotism " compelled him
to overcome long-cherished prejudices, and disre-
gard all party claims," and. who is to-day the
champion and defender of the SouthJet them
feel that there is no aid or comfort, to be expected
from us, and where are they to go ? What can
they do ? Is it to be expected that they, too, will
give up their opposition to Democracy, their
Americanism, and their beloved and admired
statesman and friend, and join their enemies and
histraducers? Andforwhat? To save the Union?
No, sir; for no man has shown more devotion to
the Union than Millard Fillmore. To protect the
South? No, sir; for the South has found no truer
or better friend than Millard Fillmore, or one
more ready to aid in securing all her just and con-
stitutional rights. Is it to " recognize and.adopt i
the principle#" of the Kansas-Nebraska act, " as
embodying the only sound and safe solution of the ]
slavery question"upon which " this whole coun-
try can repose?" How sweet, how calm, that
repose is just now ! Sir, I do not know what
they will do, and cannot tell where they will go;
but to this conclusion they can never come. They
•will not, cannot, dare not do it. God grant that,
disregarding the few desertions from our party,
which were not unexpected, and the course of
those men South who, taking counsel of their
fears, have sought and found, as they hope, se-
curity in the camp of their enemies, they may
stand firm to the principles of the American party,
and aid in the restoration of peace to the country
in the only way possible, by the election of the
American candidate. This we can do, this we
will do, if we are but true to ourselves, North
-and South.
It has been urged upon the South that we
should support Mr. Bucnanan because he would
veto a bill restoring the Missouri compromise. I
do not know that he has ever said so, but his
friends speak for him,*nd 1 will not question the
correctness of their opinion, or doubt that they
speak by the card. And they ask, can any of
Mr. Fillmore's friends say so much for him?
Now, sir, I have no authority to say anything
for Mr. Fillmore which he has not said for him-
self; and yet I think that I may venture to say
that, judging from what he has done on another
trying occasion, when " for the welfare of the
whole nation," "long-cherished prejudices were
overcome, and party claims disregarded," should
the Missouri compromise be restored, the country
being in ita present unhappy condition, and Mr.
Fillmore President, he would be satisfied (for no
man judges with more calmness or more wisely
of the effect of measures on the public mind than
he) that the restoration now would but madden
the South, and could no|t quiet the North—that
it would do more harm than good; and I foel sure
that I have better grounds for my opinion than
the friends of Mr. Buchanan have, when I say
that, under these circumstances, Mr. Fillmore
would veto its restoration. But if, on the con-
trary, it should happen that its restoration should
become a measure of peace—offered by the one
section, and accepted by the other—passed,-not
by a purely sectional vote of Congress, but by
members from all and every section, I do not
believe that Mr. Fillmore has any constitutional
scruples, or would hesitate, under such circum-
stances, to give the bill his sanction.
Mr. Chairman, I have spoken of some of the
reasons which have been given why southern men
(none have been given which apply to northern
men) should prefer Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Fill-
more. This looks a little like Mr. Buchanan was
a sectional candidate, and running on purely sec-
tional issues.
I will now, sir, in the very few moments which
are left of my hour, assign some reasons why,
not a southern man or a northern man, but why
a national man should prefer Ajlr. Fillmore to
Mr. Buchanan. One, and I think a very good
reason, consists in the position they now occupy.
I have spoken of the platforms of the two parties
on the subject of slavery, and I think I haye
shown that the American platform is quite as
protective of southern rights and interests as the
Democratic; to me its language is decidedly pref-
erable. But while, in terms, there may be little
or no difference, yet, according to the southern
interpretation of the Democratic platform, it is
very little, if at all, less sectional (though to me
far more acceptable) than the Republican resolu-
tions.
Now, Mr. Buchanan has pronounced the plat-
form broad enough to contain the entire Demo-
cratic party. It is pretty wide, and has a right
odd-looking crowd upon it. Where the Buffalo
Democrats of 1848 stand, or how some of those
acting with the party in this House manage to j
stick on, I do not pretend to know; but it is cer-
tainly true that a large number, if not a majority, j
of the Democrats of the North, have not been j
able to find a resting-place for themselves there, '■
and have gone, soul and body, to the Republicans. |
Why, sir, Democrats, according to the views of j
some gentlemen, must not only agree that Con- i
gress ought not to interfere with the question of
slavery in the Territories, but must deny the
power of all legislation on that subject; must not t
only refuse to restore the Missouri line, but must
pronounce thatcompromise a violation of the Con- j
stitution,and an invasion of southern rights; must j
not believe slavery an evil, and its spread inju-
rious, nor use even undoubted and undeniable I
means to prevent its extension. I
Now, *ir, the American :party,make no such, ,
requisitions as these. We do not deny the right i
of'« private judgment." The African platform
; is one on which the conservative,m«n of the North
can stand, if I understand it, without the subju- >
gation of their intellect, the abandonment,pf legal
opinions, and the fre? exercise of,all ttoip con-
stitutional and legal rights. Wo do not require
- men to think with us on all subjects. Why,sir,
a man may be an American—true, genuine Amer-
! ican—and I can act with him on all questions
connected with the party in good faith, and yet
he may differ with me widely in opinion on the
subject of slavery, provided he regulates his
conduct by the provisions of the Constitution.
He may believe the Missouri compromise consti-
tutional; I may think differently, and yet we
need not quarrel; southern men differ on that
subject, too. He may believe slavery an evil,
and I may, and do, entertain a totally different,
opinion; and yet we can act together in perfect
harmony. He may be opposed to tba extension
of slavery, I in favor of extension; and each may .
seek to carry out our peculiar views and wishes;,
and if we resort to no extraordinary and unusual
means, of either fraud or violence, to effect our
purpose, it need not and will not produce agita-
tion, or disturb the peace and harmony;pf the
country; but he must know no " higher law";
than the Constitution; acknowledge noauthority
I but the laws of the land; love the Union of these
States above all things else; yield to its preserva-
tion everything but the principles upon which it
is founded; avoid, as far as possible, theagitation
of all questions which tend to disturb its peace;
struggle to the death, if need be, for civil and
religious liberty; and that we may preserve these
blessings to ourselves, and bequeath them to pos-
terity, and secure, by all means, the government
of the country to the sons of the soil.
f RESIDENTIAL ISSUES.
SPEECH OF HON.' N. G. FOSTER,
or georgia,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlugust 9,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole On tha
stjite of the Union—
I Mr. FOS^ said:
I Mr. Chusmm: That we are in .the midst of
perilous times, no one who opens hi? eyes to
things around him will deny. Civil war in one,
of our Territories—strong feelings of hostility,
between sections of the union—a great party
marshaled under a sectional banner, claiming the
whole North, and pressing the truth of that claim
by every demonstration which comes to us from
that quarter—a deep and settled purpose in the .
South never to submit to sectional rule, not evi-
' denced by the rant of extreme men of thatsection,,
but made significant bjythe demonstrations of
men who have always stood by the Union. This
is an epitome of the state of things. Would I
could give a more cheering picture. But truth
! requires me to sketch the likeness as the lines of
light and shade fall upon the original, from the
! point at which I stand.
How shall these things be remedied? The
1 skillful physician will always seek through all the
I symptoms of his patient for the cause of disease,.
I before he risks a prescription; especially, if he
has a proper regard for the life of the subject. If
we feel the same solicitude for the body-politic,
we, too, will look well to the cause of all our,
present ills, before we hurry to a remedy.
Did the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act
! produce .these troubles ? It is alleged that this act,
j containing, as it did, a clause for the repeal of the.
law of Congress known familiarly as the Missouri i
compromise, did bring upon us the present un-
happy state of things. It is my purpose on this
occasion to examine the history of that act, and
show that not the repeal of the Missouri line, but ;
the mode and manner of that repeal, has done the
mischief. Why should the simple repeal of that
line excite the North to resistance, when it is well
known that a large portion of those now arrayed
against the South were always opposed to it as a
