1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1249
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Presidential Issues—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
compromise? It serves a very good pretext for
agitation, but it is nothing but a pretext. We
frequently hear the South appealed to, to resist
every effort to restore that line, and the attempt is
being made to induce the belief that such an effort
will be made. Now, sir, 1 have no apprehension
on that point. If there were no more serious
difficulties before us than an effort to restore that
line, I should have no fears for the safety of the
Commonwealth. I speak what I conscientiously
believe, when I now assert that, if the question
of restoration were put to this House, under cir-
cumstances favoring its consummation beyond
these walls, not twenty-five votes could be recorded
for its passage.
I know that upon an amendment offered to one
of the bills before the House by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunk,] proposing, among
other things, to restore that line,amajority voted
for it. I understand that game. It was very safe
to make a point for home consumption, when
there was no chance for the ultimate success of
the measure. We are not to make up our con-
clusions from a single act, but from the line of
action projected by a party. Do the Republicans
propose to restore that line? Look to their plat-
form, and you will find not even an intimation to
that effect. No, sir, their game is not to repeal
the Kansas-Nebraska act, but under the excite-
ment incident upon that action of Congress, they
intend to drive another great party.of the coun-
try to the adoption of principles^, as deductions
from that legislation, which will give them more
than a restoration can promise. They seek for
wider scope for agitation, and new avenues
through which to make their assaults more
deadly upon the institutions of the South. How
far they have succeeded, and are likely to sue-'
ceed, will appear by looking to the action of the
country for the past few years. 1 am going to
, speak freely of the Kansas-Nebraska legislation
in the presence of my Democratic friends from
the South. That it was denied, all over the
South, that that bill contained anything akin
to "squatter sovereignty," all must admit. If
any man who advocated the Democratic side of
the question had made the admission one year
ago, in the South, that the Kansas bill recognized
the power of Congress to legislate on the sub- :
ject of slavery in the Territories, he could not
have gathereaa corporal's guard to muster under
his banner.
There has been great anxiety to ascertain what
that bill did contain. It has been alleged all the
while, that it was read one way at the South and
another way at the North. I know.that it was
believed one way at the South, and talked another
way at the North. This, so long as it remained
a simple question of theory, gave little cause of
concern. But, when a great party in this coun-
try, now in power in two of the coordinate
departments of the Government, and asking of
the people an extension of their lease, saw proper,
at the commencement of the present session of
Congress, to adopt the Kansas bill, in terms, as
the only rule of their faith and practice, it did
behoove every voter, who intended to give his
suffrage understandingly, to look well into the
principles of that bill. I have, on a farmer occa-
sion, alluded to this thing, and I then asked of
my Democratic friends, that they would lay down
as a rule of action, not the Kansas bill, but the
principles contained in that bill, as they under-
stood them. And I hoped that, when they assem-
bled in national convention, knowing as they did
the charges that had been made against them of
an effort to mislead, they would have done them-
selves and the country justice in this matter. In
this hope I have been disappointed. That con-
vention met and adjourned; and when its pro-
ceedings came to the country, the oracle was as
Delphic as before they met. I have sought through
every channel that was open to me to solve the
mystery, and will now proceed to give to the
committee and to the country the resnlt of my
labors. . . ...
It appears from the declarations of some of the
sduthern supporters of the Democratic nominee,
that there was a compromise made between the
Kansas-Nebraska men, North and South, when
that measure was to be adopted. What was that
compromise? The men of tjie South denied that
New Series—No. 79
Congress had any power to legislate upon the
subject of slavery in the Territories. The men
of the North claimed that Congress did possess
that power. Here was a difficulty that must be
met. Shall the North or the South.yield? Both
sections claimed that they yielded no principle in
this adjustment. Let us see. When the Kansas
bill proposed to leave to the people of the Terri-
tories the right to form their own domestic insti-
tutions in their own way, subject to the Consti-
tution of the United States, did it intend to
express the idea that Congress had power to
legislate upon the subject of slavery in the Ter-
ritories? We at the South say it did not. How
do the men at the North regard it? Of course,
if they yielded no principle in the arrangement,
theymwsf hold that the bill not only does contain
the admission of that power, but was intended j
to contain that admission. !
The bill in terms proposes to clothe the people |
of the Territories with the power—it assumes it
sxibject only to the Constitution of the United States;
and all, therefore, who hold that the power exists
in Congress under the Constitution, must of ne-
cessity hold that the power was recognized in the
bill. Did the men of the South who were parties
to that arrangement of compromise know that
the men of the North so understood it? As a
matter of course they must hp.ve known it, for
that formed the very gist of the compromise. A
simple repeal of the Missouri restriction would
have left both sections free to seek their rights
under the Constitution; but this did not satisfy
the North. If they agreed to the repeal on their ,
side, the South must at least go through the form
of recognizing the power of Congress; and if they
feared the thing wouHfr be too palpable, might
throw in the verbiage "subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States." That little addi-
tion could hurt nobody, especially those who
claimed the power under the Constitution. And
just here a very grave question arises: If the j
men of the South who were parties to the under-
i standing voted for the measure with a full knowl-
edge that the party North understood the bill to
contain the recognition of the power of Congress
1 to legislate upon the subject of slavery "in the
Territories, are they, or are they not, bound by
that act? In law this would not admit of a ques- j
tion. How far good faith and good morals re-
quire a fulfillment of the expectations of the North
on this subject, I leave every one to determine
for himself. But, if there had been any doubt
upon the subject, as to how the party at the North
1 regarded this question, that doubt has been dis-
! sipated by' the developments of the last few
j months. I pass over the fact, that at Cincinnati
! the South was required to give up her preference
for the nominee for the Presidency. Nor will I
stop to discuss the platform of that convention.
It is sufficient on that subject, that resolutions in
relation to internal improvement were passed,
and violated before the ink that wrote them got
1 dry. That a kind of bush-seine drag-net was
hung on by way of making a clean sweep, tad-
1 poles and all. but the only plank in the platform
which attracted attention, or at least the one that
was of absorbing interest—the ground and pillar
! of its support, was the Kansas-Nebraska act.
J The principles of that bill, undefined, it is true,
|i to the uninitiated, were still to be the landmarks
of the Democratic, or rather Mxerican Democratic
party.
How anxiously, then, did we look to the letter
' of acceptance of the nominee of that convention?
Will he illumine the darkness that hangs around
that much-talked-of measure, was felt by all and
expressed by many. Well, the letter came, and
the mystery was revealed. Hear him:
« Tliis legislation is founded upon principles as ancient
asfree government itself; and, in accordance with them, lias
simply declared that the people of a Territory, like those of
a State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall
or shall not exist within their limits."
Is there any doubt now as to what the Kansas
bill meant? "The people of a Territory, like
those of a State, shall decide for themselves
whether-slavery shall or shall not exist within
their limits." Is this "squatter sovereignty?"
No, sir; it is much worse, as 1 shall now propose
to show. The practical effects are the same, but
the principle involved is vastly more danger-
ous to the South. "Squatter sovereignty,'1^
defined by those who were at its baptism, is the
right claimed by intruders, or squatters in a
Territory of the United States, to manage their
own affairs, independent of Congress altogether.
Those who hold this doctrine are few in number,
so far as they have developed. The distinguished
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] ranks as
godfather to the bantling, and I believe the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones, not now in
his seat,] thinks him a promising youth. At
least he talked something in the first part of the
session, about the "inherent rights" that went
with the squatter into the Territory. Mr. Buch-
anan does not place the power of the people in a
Territory like those in a State, upon any "in-
herent rights" in the squatter, but draws it from
the legislation of Congress. For the want of a
name we may designate his, charter sovereignty.
And to get the power into the people of a Terri-
tory, you perceive he must first recognize it in
Congress.
If his letter of acceptance left any doubt on the
subject, (which to a candid mind it cannot,) that
letter, taken in connection with his letter known
as the Sanford letter, puts the matter beyond alt
controversy.
Mr. WARNER. I understand my colleague
to say that, as he interprets Mr. Buchanan's
letter of acceptance, he holds that the people of
the Territories, in their legislative capacity, have
the right to exclude slavery therefrom. Now, I
wish to call his attention to the fact, that Mr.
Buchanan says that the people of the Territory
have the right, in the same manner as a State, to
determine the question for themselves. At what
; time ? Will my colleague say that that refers to
the time while they are acting in a. legislative capa-
city, or to the time when they meet in convention
to frame a State constitution? As I interpret it,
it means that it is when they meet in convention
i for the purpose of framing a State constitution,
that they have the right, in the same manner as a
State.
j Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. My honorable
I friend will permit me to interrogate him one mo-
j ment. I presume he has before him the letter
of Mr. Buchanan, called the Sanford letter, to
which he alluded. If so, I ask him to look at it
and say if Mr. Buchanan does not there expressly
i lay down the proposition that the people have
the right to decide the question of slavery at the
period of time when tney come to frame their
constitution .'
Mr. FOSTER. I will answer both the gentle-
men. My colleague over the way [Mr. War-
ner] asked at what time it is ? I understood Mr.
Buchanan, in his letter of acceptance, to hold that
the people of a Territory have the right to admit
or exclude domestic slavery. I did not suppose;
as I have already said, there could be any doubt
left. Mr. Van Buren, his commentator, does not
think it admits of doubt or cavil. He says:
" From these terms it is too clear to admit of doubt or
I cavil, that it was the intention of Congress to clothe the
' people of the Territories with ample power to exclude
slavery from within their respective limits, as well while
they continue Territories as. in making provisions for its
exclusion from the State when that transition shall take
place."
Has Mr. Buchanan or have any of his friends
ever repudiated that letter ? On the contrary has it
| not been heralded forth, even from the southern
Democratic press, as a "patriotic letter?" My
friend from Alabama [Mr. Harris] says that in
the Sanford letter itis at the time they come to form
a State constitution that they may admit or ex-
clude slavery. I said before that the two letters
together made up the case beyond cavil. So far
from denying, I am attempting to establish, hj
incontestable evidence, that Mr. Buchanan holds
the doctrine that Congress, and not the people of
the Territory, have the power over the subject.
While the power remains in Congress, of course
it is not with the people, for it cannot be in both
places at one and the same time. The great ques-
tion for the South in this matter is, has Congress
the power? This is the hinge on which turns the
whole thing, and it is that I am now trying to
impress upon my southern friends.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. As the gentle-
man from Georgia is arguing the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty, I should like to know what
is M*. Fillmore's position upon that subject.
