1*250
appendix to tee congressional globe.
[August
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Issues—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
In my letter to Berks county of 25th August, 1847,1 had
said, "under the Missouri compromise slavery was forever
prohibited north of the parallel of 36° 30', and south of the
parallel the question was left to be decided by ihe people."
What people? Undoubtedly the people of the 'Territory
assembled in coQvention to form a State constitution and
ask admission into the Union; and not the first adventurers
or " first comers" who might happen to arrive in the Terri-
tory, assembled in public meeting. If a doubt on this sub-
ject could possibly exist, it is removed by the next succeeding
sentence of my letter. I proceeded to state: " Congress,
on the admission of Texas, adopted the same rules," etc.
And what was this rule ? " The Joint Resolution for annex-
Mr. FOSTER. I will come to that presently.
Let- us finish the job we" are upon, before we enter
upon another.
Mr. WARNER. I do not desire to embarrass
my colleague at all. I have the kindest feelings
for him, but I desire to ask him if he does not hold
that the people of a Territory hava the power,
■when they come to form a State constitution, to
decide whether there shall or shall not be slavery
there? „ ,
Mr. FOSTER. Most assuredly I do. My col- ing Texas to the United States," approved March 1,1845,
ip.triip is too ffood a lawyer not to understand the answers the questipn in the following words: " And such
  &  • rfL4r.,.fl(10 TC"*kwi«lrohill • States as may be formed out of that portion of said Terri-
position I am pressinte, TheKansas- torylying south of 36° 30' north latitude, commonly known
proposes, by its terms to transfer the power, oy a3 t|,e Missouri compromise line, shall be admitted into the
Congress, to the people of the Territories. My . Union, with or without slavery, as the people of each State
rnlleairue TMr Stephens! not now in his seat, asking admission may desire." Such was the description
, L J rinr. of the people to whom I referred in my Berks county letter,
has been asked the question more th n other construction of the letter would render it es-
itig the present session of Congress, wnetner tne pcntially inconsistent with itself. Having urged the adop-
power to legislate upon domestic slavery had been tiou of the Missouri Compromise, the inference is irresisti-
transferred&bv Congress, in the Kansas bill, to the ; Me that Congress, in my opinion, possesses the power to
" . r . * ™ , tt• i i ' legislate upon the subjuet of slavery in the Territories.
What an absurdity would it then be, if, whilst assertiafthis
people of that Territory ? His answer has been
frank and explicit. If Congress had the power,
only grant what power it had. This is, in sub-
the people of Kansas have got it—Congress could
stance, nis answer; I have not his language befbre
me. He stated, at the same time, that he, as an
individual, did not believe that Congress had the
power; but, if the people of the Territory exer-
cised that power, lie stood ready to acquiesce.
Now, that Mr. Buchanan holds that Congress
possesses the power, under the Constitution, I
repeat, is too manifest to be questioned by any-
body. In his Sanford letter he says so, most
emphatically.
I do not wonder at all that my southern Demo-
cratic friends are a little restless upon this subject.
Th^y feel the force of the position I have taken—
that Mr. Buchanan, with his declared opinion as
to the power of Congress, must hold that the peo-
sovercign power in Congress, which power from its nature
must be exclusive, 1 should, in the very same breath, also
ctaim this identical power " for the population of a Terri-
tory in an unorganized capacity ?"
In conclusion, 1 desire to reiterate and reaffirm every
sentiment contained in iny Berks county letter. I cling to
the Missouri compromise with greater tenacity than ever,
and yet firmly believe that it will be adopted by Congress.
Yours, very respectfully, JAMES BUCHANAN.
T. Sanford, Esq.
Mr.HOUSTON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ? Does he hold that
Congress does or aoes not have the power to
legislate upon the subject of slavery in the Ter-
ritories ?
Mr. FOSTER. I holc^that Congress has no
such power.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman hold
that Congress has no power to legislate for tlw
pie are to determine the question Tor themselves protection of slave property?
while in a territorial state. And they can but ™ ' *l-
feel the disagreeable position they are driven into
by their support of Mr. Buchanan. If they take
him at all, they must take him cum outre. They
must admit, in the very act of their support, that
Congress has power to legislate on the subject of
slavery in the Territories, and, having that power,
have already transferred it to the people of Kan-
sas and Nebraska.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the gentleman a coj^i
Of Mr. Buchanan's letter? J
Mr. FOSTER. I have got it mixed with my j
papers, and cannot put my hand on it at this mo-
Mr. FOSTER. If the gentleman will have a
little patience, he shall have my views upon that
subject in an unmistakable form.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is trying to
make a point on the fact that Mr. Buchanan, in
his Sanford letter, according to the gentleman's
version of it, admits the power of Congress to
legislate on the subject of slavery in the Territo-
ries. Now, I presume, if the gentleman from
Jdfeai&ia will reflect for a moment, ,he will see
ftiat Congress has the power to legislate upon the
subject of slavery to the extent of protecting and
regulating that species of property. I understand
Mr. Buchanan's position to be just that. Not
thent; but it shall be published correctly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman state 'j that it has the power to abolish" slavery there,
his language on the subject ? 1 We have no power to legislate slavery into a
Mr. FOSTER. I will not undertake to state I Territory or out of it. I would like the genile-
his precise words, but I can state near enough for ;
our present purpose. He had been represented j
as holding to the doctrine of "squatter sover- i
eignty." He repelled that idea, and, as a Con- j
elusive proof that he could not so hold with con- >
sistency, said he held that Congress had a
sovereign power on J.he subject, which, from its
nature, must be exclusive. ;
But, to save the gentleman from any apprehen- j
■ion of unfairness on that subject, I again assure j j
him that when I have my speech printed the let- ji
ter shall be inserted, and permitted to speak for
itself: S
• Washington, Au&ut 21, 1848. j
De ak St*: I have just received yours of the 12th instant, 1
in which you submit to me the following paragraph, and ask :
Whether it contains an accurate version of the conversation j
between us, concerning my Berks county letter, on the I
occasion to which you refer: 1
" Happening to meet Mr. Buchanan at the President's I
levee, on Friday evening, I called his attention to this
letter, and asked liim if he intended to be understood as !
claiming that the population of a Territory, in an unorgan- ;
ized capacity, had the right tocontrol the question of blavety !
in such Territory ? He declared that no such idea had ever i
been maintained by him; that the construction put upon 1
his language by Mr. Yancey, was a perversion of its plain
and obvious meaning; that, in his opinion, the inhabitants \
of a Territory, as such, had no political rights, [although
they possessed all the private rights of Americau citizens;! :
that they had no power whatever over the subject of slavery;
and they could neither interdict nor establish it, except I
when assembled in convention to form aState constitution. 1
He further authorized and requested me to make any pub- ■
lie use of these declarations that i might think proper to i
correct any impression which Mr. Yancey's construction '
of his language in the Becks letter might have made."
With the addition which I have inserted between brack-
ets, this statement is substantially and almost literally cor-
rect, according to my recollection.
man from Georgia to say whether he does not
hold that doctrine? I want him to answer the
question whether Congress has the power to
legislate for the protection of slavery in the Terri-
tories? •• [
Mr. FOSTER. I do not want the gentleman
to mar the proportions of the speech I am endeav-
oring to make, or exhaust the time allotted me
with his irrelevant matter. Has not Mr. Buch-
anan asserted " sovereign" and exclusive power in
Congress over the whole subject of slavery in the
Territories ? And has it not been admitted, as I
have already said, that if that power exists in
Congress, then th<^ people have it to admit or ex- I
elude slavery ? Does not Mr. Van Buren show I
how and for what that power is to be used ? j
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will, '
before he attempts to play Yankee with me, an- ;
swer the question I put to him. I will answer j
his questions, if he will give me opportunity. "
But I insist that he shall not evade the question I
put to him by asking another. !
Mr. FOSTER. 1 will answer the gentleman
if he will only keep quiet. Does enforcing the j
principles of the Missouri compromise line in-
clude only legislation for the protection of slave
property ? Is the Wilmot proviso a measure for ]
the protection of slave property in the Territo- |
ries ? If so, then Mr. Buchanan may only mean
that Congress, with the " sovereign mid exclusive"
power over the subject, can only'legislate for the i
protection of slave property. Whenever the peo- i
pie can be made to believe that, to drive out or set
free slaves taken to a Territory, is legislation to
protect slave property, they may be prepared to i
see Mr. Buchanan's position in the light in which
the gentleman presents it.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I ask gentlemen to
look at the fruits of this new doctrine. The Ter-
ritories opened with the understanding at the
North that the first comers were to determine the
character of their domestic institutions, with a
strong determination in that quarter that no more
territory should be appropriated to slave labor;
and this begetting, on the part of the South, a
counter-determination that they would not be
thus driven from the common property of all, a
collision ensued. The result is familiar to all; for
every wind that has blown from Kansas since we
have been in session has been laden with wars
and rumors of wars.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. What does the
gentleman mean by wars and rumors of wars ?
Mr. FOSTER. I mean that we have had a
great many rumors of war in Kansas, whether
they be true or not.
Mr. OLIVER. What does the gentleman^
mean by the remark to which I have made allu-
sion ?
Mr. FOSTER. I mean this: If you open the
Territories where there are two opposing inter-
ests, and say to the parties in interest, the first
that gets the management of affairs shall determ-
ine the character of your domestic institutions,
you may expect just such scenes to occur as have
beei  reported to have occurred in Kansas.
Mr. OLIVER. Is that what you mean ?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir; that is what I mean.
Mr. OLIVER. Very well. Go on.
Mr. FOSTER. I repeat, what else could you
expect from such a state of things ? As I before
remarked, in the arrangement of the Kansas bill,
as understood by the North, no principle was
abated on their part. They gave up no right to
exclude slavery from the Territories. The ques-
tion was not settled; it was only transferred. If, •*
while the question was kept here, you had wars
of words, what else could you look for when the
same question was sent to the plains of Kansas
to be settled by the greatest speed and the stoutest
arm ?
Now, if any man at- the South supposes that
anything was accomplished for his interest by the
passage of the Kansas bill, with the northern con-
struction of it; or that there is any party at the
North who do not desire to see Kansas a free
State, he is laboring under a very great mistake.
The feeling of the great body of the North is
against us on the subject of slavery. And even
the fair men there, who will stand by us upon the
Constitution, had, nevertheless, rather see the
Territories made into free than into slave States.
They would use no unfair means to accomplish
that object; but, at the same time, would avail
themselves of the advantages which result from
the doctrine we have been discussing. What,
then, can the South expect, from such a state of
things? Will any sane man be willing to risk
the tenure of his slave property in a Territory so
situated as to make it doubtful as to which side
will have the ascendency, all the while subject to
have it swept from him by an act of territorial
legislation ? Of course, under such circumstances,
no man w«>uld settle with his slaves and make
improvements. The South must either surrender
all doubtful territory, or hold it by force of arms.
Are not those men at the North who sustained
the Kansas bill upon the ground that it was a
good measure for freedom, in the right? It was
charged that Mr. Pierce was in favor of making
Kansas a free State, and I am not prepared to
deny that charge; but was he not in sympathy
with the large majority of the supporters of the
bill at the North on this subject? I might mul-
tiply instances all over the North, if it were ne-
cessary to do so. Mr. Pierce's organ at Concord,
New Hampshire, held the following language:
" All the valuable land upen to settlement is already
' staked out' and ' claimed,' and eternal decrees could not
make freedom more certain. .
" Nor is this the beginning and end of the chapter, though
this might 4>e thought enough by any reasonable man.
It is now proclaimed by anti-Nebraska papers, such.ia
the rush of emigration in this direction, that, like the too
abundant rains which swell rivers, it will overflow its nat-
ural bounds, and, passing the immense territory of Texa ,
make two or three new fuee States out ol soil which had
been devoted to slavery! Germanemigrants are univer-
sally anti-slavery men, both from principle and taste, being
