1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
31th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas and the Compromises—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Reps.
party''—'' patriotic Americans''—and the cry has
become almost Macedonian—" Come over and
help us !" " Help!"" help!!"" help !!! " every-
body run here. Why, what on earth is the
matter? Is,there any foreign enemy on our
shores? Have Indians broken out—"No, no,
worse than that; there is a mutiny in the Dem-
ocratic camp. Come and help us manage our
friends, or the country is lost."
KANSAS AND THE COMPROMISES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. O. NORTON,
OF ILLINOIS,.
In the House of Representatives,
.iiigtist 9, 1856. (
The House bring in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. NORTON said:
Mr. Chairman: I am aware of the seeming 1
folly of undertaking to make a speech on the
Kansas question, on which already so much has
been said, in and out of this House. But I am
justified in so doing by the circumstances by
which I am surrounded. The relations of Illi-
nois to the Missouri compromise are peculiar.
When Missouri presented her constitution, and
asked for admission into the Union as a State;
when the attendant excitement was at its height;
when passion had dethroned reason and assumed
its seat; when dark and dismal forebodings filled
the souls of the purest patriots of the land; when
the spirit of conciliation seemed to have departed;
when men's faces were set as a flint against each
other, and their hearts were impenetrable either
to thedictates of wisdom or justice; when clouds,
dark and portentous, hung upon the political hori- j
zon, threatening destruction to this glorious fabric
of our Union — a Senator from Illinois brought
forward the Missouri compromise, and tendered
it to the contending factions as the olive-branch ;
of peace. It was accepted. Passion subsided;
reason resumed her throne the clouds; were dis-
persed; peace returned; and the business of the
country flowed on afresh in its ordinary channels.
The measure stood for more than thirty years, as !
a monument to the honor of its projector, and to
the patriotism of those who supported it.
Time went on, and in an evil hour another Sen-
ator from Illinois, guided by unfortunate, if not
by wicked counsels, introduced into the coordi-
nate branch of the National Legislature a bill
abrogating and declaring null and void this heal-
jf)(T measure. That raeasure w&s by liim forced
through the Senate, in defiance of public senti-
ment, and in spite of all remonstrances, appeals,
and warnings — a measure which I, in common
with the great majority of the people of Illinois,
look upon not only as replete with danger to our
institutions, but as one of_ the most stupendous
■wron°"S ever perpetrated in an Arflerican Con-
gress? Upon tge Kansas-Nebraska act, that Sen-
ator has staked his political fortunes; and he has
upheld, maintained, and defended it, with a zeal,
a boldness, and ability, worthy, sir, a better
cause. For his efforts in this behalf he has been
advanced to the leadership of the Democratic
party, not only here in Congress, but throughout
the country. Yes, sir, by force of this great
wrong which he has done to the State which has
honored him, and to the peace of the Republic,
he has become the inaugurated and acknowledged
head'of his party. He was pressed forward at
Cincinnati as a prominent candidate for the rres-
idency; and although he was not nominated to
that high office, he succeeded in securing—what
he claims to be afar greater triumph—the adoption
of the Kansas-Nebraska act by the Democratic
party, as the main plank in their platform.
But this is not the only connection which my
State has had with the inception and abrogation
of the Missouri compact. It is well known that
the member of this House upon whose shoulders
the burden was cast of carrying the repeal in this
body, was a Representative of Illinois. For his
zeal and fidelity, if not to the sentiments of his
own State, and to the solemn sanctions of plighted
faith and ancient compacts, yet to the behests of
his party, in its mad determination to force this
measure upon the country at all hazards, he was
made its standard-bearer in the contest for the
Speakership. They adhered to him for weeks
and weeks, as a reward for his faithfulness. Not
only this—in Illinois, the Democratic party have
thrown down the gauntlet at our feet, and made
the issue as boldly as Douglas could desire.
They not only made the Kansas-Nebraska act,
this cherished offspring of his, the shibboleth
of party fealty, but they have done more; they
have selected my colleague [Mr. Richardson] as
their candidate for gubernatorial honors, to give
additional force and impressiveness to the prin-
ciples of that act. With these facts before me,
if I had no other reason, it is sufficient excuse
for my occupying the attention of the committee
this evening.
Mr. Chairman, I charge that the Missouri
compromise was repealed on false pretenses, and
against the sense and "will of the great body of
the American people. I charge that its repeal
has been the cause of all the excitement that has
agitated the country on the slavery question, for
the last two years. I charge that it was repealed
for the purpose of extending slavery into Kan-
sas. I charge that the Democratic party in the
northern States, and particularly in the State of
Illinois, have entirely changed front upon this
question during the last four or five years; and,
before I get through, I will show, not by mere
newspaper scraps, or idle rumors, or from irre-
sponsible quarters, but from authoritative sources,
from indisputable records, that the Democrats
of Illinois stood upon the same platform, in
former times, as the Republican party of that
State now occupy; and if we are to be clenounced
because of our position, as we have been from
one end of the State to the other, by the orators
of the Democratic party, great and small, as ab-
olitionists, fanatics, ana traitors, then the leading
Democrats of Illinois, with Douglas and Rich-
ardson at their head, are traitors, fanatics, and
Abolitionist®, also.
But first, sir, 1 have said that the Missouri
compromise was repealed under false pretenses.
It was said, and the bill itself contained that
Ereposition, that the Missouri compromise had
een repealed by the compromise measure of
1850. It would be a sufficient answer, sir, to that
proposition, to ask why, if the Missouri compro-
mise had been repealed in 1850, Mr. Douglas, in
1854, desired to repeal it again? Was not one
repeal sufficient? If, by the compromise measures
of 1850, it was superseded, which I take to be
the same thjng as repealed, why, at the risk of all
1 tbe ex&feirtient Attendant upon such a measure,
did he seek, in 1854, again to repeal it? If it
was dead and buried, why not let the dead rest?
But, sir, if it was repealed by the compromise
measures of 1850, how silently, how cautiously,
: how stealthily, it must have been done! If the
j Missouri compromise was to be repealed by those
j measures—if that was the intention, why did no
j man, either in this House or at the other end of
' the Capitol, speak of it during all the discussion.
: Sir, there had never occurred in Congress, up to
: that day, a debate in which there was exhibited
, a greater-display of learning, argument, or ora-
tory, than marked the debate upon those meas-
! ures. Every proposition was sifted to the bottom,
i Why, then, did no one hear of the repeal of the
I Missouri compromise in 1850? Why did no man
dream of it? Was ever such a measure—one
| that had stood upon our statute-book over thirty
years, as a guarantee of the harmony and peace
and union of these States—repealed by Congress
in such a way ?
Mr. Chairman, no man will pretend that the
Missouri compromise was repealed in direct terms
by the measures of 1850. But we are told that it
was superseded by the principles of those meas-
ures. A more absurd or indefensible proposition
was never put forth. The compromise resolu-
tions of Mr. Clay were confined exclusively to
Mexican territory. The territorial bills that
passed that Congress, with a very slight excep-
tion with regard to New Mexico, were confined
to the territory acquired from Mexico, and could
not, by any possibility, refer to the territory ob-
tained from France in the Louisiana purchase. Is
that not so ? Dare any man deny it ? But let us
look a little further into that question. I shall
undertake to show that the compromise measures
of 1850 not only did not repeal the Missouri com-
promise, but that, if they did anything, they re-
affirmed it. What, then, were the reasons urged
why the Wilmot proviso ought not to be applied
to the Territories of New Mexico and Utah, the
only ones then under consideration, after Cali-
fornia had been admitted as a State ? Was it
upon the ground now assumed by the Democratic
party? Was it upon the ground assumed in the
repeal of the Missouri compromise ? Was it upon
the ground now urged in defense of that great
wrong upon the country ? Not at all. Mr. Web-
ster urged that the Wilmot proviso ought not to
be applied to these Territories, because they had
already been made free by the act of God, and he"
would not reaffirm the enactments of Jehovah.
Not because Mr. Webster did not believe that Con-
gress had the power to prohibit slavery in the
Territories, ana ought to exercise it when neces-
sary—for he ever held and declared that doctrine
—but because he regarded it as already prohibited
by the act of God and of nature. He deemed it
unnecessary.
What was the reason that Mr. Clay assigned
why the Wilmot proviso should not be applied
to the territory purchased from Mexico ? Mr.
Clay took the ground that it was utterly useless,
because slavery had been already prohibited there
by the laws of Mexico, and that those laws still
remained in force in Utah and New Mexico.
That was the reason which the illustrious states-
man of Kentucky urged; and he went further,
and said that it was clear and indisputable that
the act of Mexico prohibiting slavery in her
dominions still remained the law of New Mexico
and Utah, and would so remain until repealed by
territorial act, or by the Gongress of the United
States. And yet, sir, the name of that great man
—who always stood upon conservative ground,
loving all sections of the Union, and willing to
stand under the same flag with the true men of
all parts of his country, extending one hand to
the North and the other to the South, and be-
seeching both sections to live as brethren—has
been forced into this controversy by gentlemen
upon the opposite side; and he is claimed as
authority for the monstrous assumption that the
compromise measures of 1850 repealed the Mis-'
souri compromise ! Sir, there never was a greater
perversion of any man's position or sentiments.
The name and fame of the great Commoner has
been identified for a third of a century with that
compaflf, but never with its abrogation.
But, sir, I come now to some Illinois author-
ity. I wiyit to show what were .the reasons given
by our Democratic leaders, why the Wilmot pro-
viso should not be attached to the Utah and New
Mexico bills. I propose out of their own mouths
to condemn them. 1 propose to show, that when
they voted for those bills, they voted for them
with the understanding, (he distinct and unequiv-
ocal avowal, that slavery was prohibited in those
Territories by the Mexican laws, as effectually
as it was in Kansas and Nebraska by the act of
1820; and that they would continue in force after
the passage of those bills. I will read first from
a speech delivered on the 3d of April, 1850, upon
the compromise measures, or the slavery ques-
tion, as it was then discussed by my colleague
from the CLuincy district, [Mr. Richardson,] who
is now the Democratic candidate for Governor of
the State of Illinois. In that speech he made use
of the following language:
" I have sought in vain to hear some reason for the pas-
sage of the Wilmot proviso. There is a necessity to abolish
or prohibit slavery in Territories «wbere it exists. With
this view, the ordnance of 1787 was passed. It had appli-
cation to territory where slavery did exist, by operation of
the laws of Virginia, to which the northwestern territory
belonged. The Missouri compromise also abolished slavery
north of 36° 30'. That compromise was passed, not to keep
the territory free, north of that latitude, but ,e 'awa
of Louisiana, when we acquired it, recognized slavery,
and carried it, conseqently, unless repealed, to all toe terri-
tory. But I maintain, sir, that sla*«y " ' .e
municipal law, and does not, and (^hot, exist one moment
without it. I^territory is free,li  *ei8 no necessity to pass
any law—it will remain so. .h..
"The people of the
the territory we Eicuuired from Mexico, by the treaty of
peace, brought withV** laws °"r
rnnatltiitinn andtbfttthose laws excluded slavery. If there
iH an v R^res«nt *ive from the non-slaveholding States that
denies eittowrf these propositions, I ask him to rise in his
*>. There are none who can or dare 4eny tt.
P « universal sentiment at the North."
