1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas and the Compromises—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Heps.
br their entire delegations, or majorities of them; and
Virginia, Georgia, and Louisiana voted against it—South
CiWiiina Ih'iii* divided in her vote. If this measure is one,
men. which lias disturbed the equilibrium spoken of, itcan
h; no means be chaffed upon the North."
I also read to the committee, from some re-
marks<«iade by Mr. Douglas during the same
Congress, in which he said:
' " The next in the series of aggressions complained of by
the Senator from South Caroliua is the Missouri compro-
mise—the Missouri compromise, an act of northern injus-
tice, designed to deprive the South of her due share of the
Territories ! Why, sir, it was only on this very day that
the Senator from" Mississippi despaired of any peaceable
adtuMment of existing difficulties, because the Missouri
compromise line could not be extended to the Pacific! ;
Thawneasure was originally adopted, in the bill for the ad-
mission of Missouri, bv the union of northern and southern
votes.
'•The Territories belong to the United States as one peo-
ple, one nation, and are to be disposed of for the common
benefit of all, according to the principles of the Constitu-
tion. Each State, as a member of the Confederacy, has a
right to a voice in forming the rules and regulations for the
government of the Territories; but the different sections—
North, South, East, and West—have no such right. It is ]
jio violation of southern rights to prohibit slavery, nor of I
northern rights to leave the people to decide the question
for themselves. In this sense, no geographical section of
the Union is entitled to any share of the Territories. The
Senator from Soulfc Carolina will therefore excuse me for
expressing the opinion, that all of his complaints against
the North, under this head, are predicated upon one great
fundamental error—the error of supposing that his particu-
lar section has a right to have a ' due-share of the Territo- ;
lies' set apart and assigned to it." I
Such were the opinions of those gentlemen at
that time. Then they believed, as I do now, that
no wrong had been done to the South by the pas- j
sage of this-act. They were both defending the j
North against this charge of aggression. But
parties have changed; and these gentlemen, ever j
obedient to the behests of party, are ready to
join in sustaining a charge which they then repu-
diated. Amiable Democracy! It can be one
thing to-day, another to-morrow, and all things
by turns!
Mr. Chairman, I have said that the Missouri
compromise was repealed for the purpose of
mining Kansas to the institution of slavery,
and that out of that act has grown the terrible
excitements which have raged with such fury, not
only in that Territory and along its borders, but
have pervaded the whole country- Sir, there has
been excitement from the day of its passage till
now; and I charge it alhon the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill, and the Administration which has
undertaken to enforce it.
The men who brought forward and passed that
bill through Congress were forewarned what the
consequence would be; and the troubles iha4ba*e
followed have gone beyond the predictions. The
scene has become more bloody and terrible than
even the prophets foretold. And what has this
Administration done? They have folded their
hands, and cried, " Peace" Pease! whilst
Lawrence was sacked, and its people murdered
in the streets, shut up in prison without authpnty
" " "rom their homes, and the whole
iu fcUV onawv —7—-- -f 1 .
of law, ordriven from their
Territory overrun aad subjugated. .
I might stop here and inquire from what source !
does all this flow? For what cause was this ,
measure instituted, and all these terrible remits
tolerated ? For what have all these proceedings
been nut on foot, which have covered our country ;
with shame and disgrace ? To iUu^rate a prin-
ciple ? To substantiate a dogma ? To establish ,
a proposition in ethics—in polity philosophy.
Do you believe the people of the South would run ,
the risk of all this excitement—putting in jeop- ,
ard<T(as they say it does) their property to the i
amount of hundreds of millions, and hazarding
the Union itself-for the simple estabhshrnent of ,
a principle, and that principle as wide1 y different
in its interpretation, North and South, as are the
poles? No, sir! This act had its origin m the
Seeire to open the Territory of Kansas to the
institution of slavery. From the verymomentit
was passed, it has been the fixed and• se"led
determination of the South, at all hazards, and
at all costs, to force slavery into that Territory;
and to this unholy purpose the Democratic party
North, and this Democratic Administration, are
lending themselves the willing instruments. It
is idle ursay, sir, that men went ^
and from tbi East for the purpose of settling that
Territory and making it a free State, *nd^,a"
has been the cause of the excitement. There is
no manner of doubt that they did go there for
that purpose, and that other men helped them to
go; and in that they were right. They went
there for the purpose of legitimate settlement.
But suppose it were true that this excitement was
augmented by the fact that a large immigration
was pouring in from the free States: no efforts to
stimulate immigration would liAve been made, if
you had left the compromise of 1820 where the
compromise of 1850 had left it. But the truth
is, that so soon as the Nebraska bill was passed,
Atchison, Stringfellow, and their colaborers,
gsmmenced the most extraordinary efforts to |
force slavery into the Territory; ana they have, j
thus far, been too successful. They have sue- !
ceeded in planting it there, and in giving to it the
sanction of law. It was these efforts that induced
a countervailing movement in the free States.
But the one was for honest and peaceful settle-
ment, while the other was for the purposes of a
lawless and unjustifiable usurpation.
But it may be asked, what harm did this repeal
do ? You admit that States may alter their con-
stitutions after being admitted into the Union.
What difference, then, could it make ? Why this
&4o ? I answer you, that the ordinance of 1787,
which wasreenacted again and again by succeed-
ing Congresses, kept Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
! Michigan, and Wisconsin, free; and that, if the
! act of 1820 had been left in operation during the
territorial existence of Kansas, that act v^puld
have made Kansas free. If the history of this
] country, and its settlement, proves any one fact,
| clearly and distinctly, it is tnis: that if you keep
; slavery out of a section of country while it is in a
i territorial condition, that institution will never go
there; and the reason is olfrious. In such aTer-
ritory the upholders of slavery will never be in
the ascendency; they will never take their slaves
there; and so they will not have the property
there which requires a slave constitution. Give
| me a free Territory, and I will give you a free
State.
I Mr. Chairman, I come now to look for a mo-
i ment or two at the Democratic platform of 1856.
i And what is it? The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
i! Douglas] had the honor of making his act the
ii platform of the great Democratic party, North
| and South, not by laying down in distinct and
I emphatic terms the principles of the party, or by
I' giving construction to that act, but by inserting
1 the act itself in their platform bodily. This may
have been wise. In that way it may be inter-
preted in one manner at 'the North, and another
at the South. In the North, they proclaim it as
involving the doctrine of popular sovereignty.
In the South, they repudiate it, and hold that
neither Congress nor the Territories can prohibit
slavery. In the South 9 they hold that they fti&y
take their slaves wherever they choose in the
Territories. In the North, Mr. Douglas tells
you that it is a judicial question.
I beg now to call attention to the resolutions
adopted by the Democratic State Convention,
held at Springfield, at which Mr. Richards on was
nominated for Governor, which are as follows:
" Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
is a political contract between the people of independent
sovereignties, which bestows paramount authority to the j
extent of the powers delegated, but leaves those not dere- |
eated to the States, respectively, or to the people. 1 hat a
vigilant guard against the centralization ol the reserved
powers is essential to the preservation of our institutions ;
and that Congress has no rightful authority to establish,
abolish, or prohibit slavery in the States or territories. .
« Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States is
founded upon the fundamental principleof entire and abso-
lute equality among all the States of this Union, and ltjra
not competent for the Congress, or any other power, to im-
pose upon new States, coming into the Umon, any condi-
tion or restrictions in respect to their domestic institutions
oHntemat concerns, which the Federal Constituuon has
not imposed upon the original States; 8X1(1
on the part of Congress or any other power, to violate this
principle, should be met and resisted by all ?°°d citizens,
as an attempt to trample upon the Constitution and destroy
our Union. That the restoration of the Missouri restriction
would be a flagrant violation of the spint of the ConsUtu-
•ion of the United States and the principle of self-govern-
ment, and would be in direct conflict with treaty
tions and guarantees, awl the right of the people of the new
States to make and alter their eorisUtutionsofgovernmeQt
and local institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States."
These resolutions assert that Congress has bo
authority to prohibit slavery in the Territories,
and that the wetoration of the Missouri compro-
mise would be a " flagrant violation of the Con-
stitution." Sucli is Democracy, in 1856, in Illi-
nois. Now let us see what they thought a few
years ago. , ,
Sir, in a speech delivered at Springfield _ in
1849, by Mr. Douglas, he used tne following
language:
" In 1848, the question arose again in a new shape upon
the proposition to establish a territorial government in
Oregon, containing a provision prohibiting slavery in the
Territory while it should remain a Territory, and leaving
the people to do as they pleased, When they should be called
upon to form a State constitution, preparatory to their ad-
mission into the Union. A brief discussion took placcupon
this branch of the'subject, eliciting very little interest, and
creating no excitement, for the reason that it was well
known that the people of Oregon had already established a
provisional government, in which they had unanimously
prohibited and excluded the institution of slavery, and for
the farther reason that the whole of the Territory waa
situated far north of/the line known as the ' Missouri com-
l promise.' The Missouri compromise had then been in prac-
! tical operation for about a quarter of a century, and had re- #
i ceived the sanction and approbation of men of all parties,
1 in every section of the Union. It had allayed all sectional
j jealousies and irritations growing out of this vexed ques-
tion, and harmonized and tranquilized the whole country.
, It had gives to Henry Clay, as its prominent champion,
the proud sobriquet of the ' Great Pacificator,' and by that
title, and for that service, his political friends had repeat-
edly appealed to the people to rally under his standard as a
presidential candidate—as the man who hud exhibited the
patriotism and the power to suppress an unholy and trea-
sonable agitation, and preserve the Union. He was not
i aware that any man, or any party, from any section of the
Union, had ever urged as an objection to Mr. Clay, that ho
1 was the great champion of JJie Missouri compromise. On
the contrary, the effort was made by the opponents of Mr.
' Clay to prove that he was not entitled to the exclusive
merit of that great patriotic measure, and that the honor
was equally due to others as well as him for securing its
adoption—that it had its origin in the hearts of all patriotic
men, who desired to preserve and Jjetpetttate the blessings
of our glorious Union—an origin akin to that of the Con-
stitution of the United States, conceived in the same spirit
of fraternal affection, and calculated to remove forever the
only danger which seemed to threaten, at some distant day,
to sever the social bond of union. All the evidences of
public opinion at that day seemed to indicate that this com-
promise had become canonized in the hearts of the Amer-
ican people, as a sacred thing, which no ruthless hand
Would ever be recklcss enough to disturb."
• "An origin akin to the Constitution of the
United States"—"canonized in the hearts of the
American people'^—"and no ruthless hand ought
to be reckless enough to disturb it."
I call attention now, sir, to a speech made by
my colleague [Mr. Richardson] on the compro-
mise measures, in 1850. I read from the Globe:
" There is one thing that I wish, in this connection, Mr.
Chairman, to say to the gentlemen from the South and the
Northern Whigs: If the bill for territorial governments,
silent imbn the subject of slavery, shall be defeated, then
I am for bills with the Wilmo't proviso, in order to give
governments to the people in the Territories; and I speak
for four of my colleagues, assured that they will feel con-
strained to pursue a like course. And if General Taylor
shall approve^he proviso, then it will have passed; and it
is for them to determine what shall or shall not be done,
and let the responsibility rest with them. I believe Con-
gress has full power to pass such laws as they may think
! proper for the government of the Territories.* There are,
i consequently, no constitutional difficulties in my road,
j I am aware that my colleague, under the fire
I of the canvass for the Speakership, withdrew .
1 during this session, to some extent, what he had
1 then said; but he did not distinctly withdraw bis
opinions as to the constitutional power. If he
J wishes to do so, let him have all the benefit of it.
j Then again,, in 1849, the Legislature of .Illinois,
! at that time overwhelmingly Democratic, passed
| resolutions, which are to be found in the statu te-
| book of Illinois, instructing their Senators and
1 requesting their Representatives in Congress to
! vote for the Wilmot proviso:
" Resolved by the Senate of the Stateof Illinois, the House
- n i.?.- - That nnr SenatAfB in Con*
i of RepresmttUivtsi concumng, That our Senators in Con-
! gress be instructed, and our Refwfcentatives requested, to
use all honorable means in their power to procure tn#
enactment of such laws by Congress, for the government or
the countries and territories of the United Stafes acquire®
bv the treaty of peace, friendship, limits.and settlement,
with the Republic of Mexico, concluded February s,  nno
Domini 1848, as shall contain the express^ declarahmi
'that there shall be neither  l**ery nor inyoluntary se^
tude in said territories, otherwise Uiaiii in the P"!"?"1
of crimes, whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed." "
In a speech made by Mr. Douglas, ui theSen-
: ate, referring to that resolution, he says:
, ' „ i have no desire to break loose. My
Mr. Douglas. * rpxnressthem freely. My vote#
opinions are my ow.,jnd I express ^ re.
belong to thosewh difR.red with jny constituency
EtJyeS service in Congress, except upon on.
SEWE&n sand even on that 1 ta.ytn* constitutional
