1356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Practical Legislation for the Kansas Troubles, etc—Mr. Moore.
Ho. or Reps.
difficulties, and Inn previously twice given the name vote,
under peculiar circumstances, which is now required at my
band*.''
1 come now to a' esolution passed by a congres-
sional convention, held in my own town, in 1850.
Hear it:
" Resolved, That we are uncompromisingly opposed to
the extension of slavery; and while we would not make
auch ofeoattion a ground of interference with the interests
of the state where it exists, yet we moderately but firmly
insist, that it U the duty of Congress to oppose its extension
to country now free, by all means compatible with the obh-
gaiMas or the Constitution, and with good fluth to our sister
States; that these principles were recognised by the ordi-
nance of 1787, which received the sanction of Thomas Jef-
ferson, who is acknowledged by all to be the great oracle
and expounder of our faith."
The convention nominated MK Molony. He
was elected. He came here, and served out his
term. He was rewarded by Franklin Pierce with
one of the best offices in our State. He was a
member of the recent Cincinnati Convention, and
' is now running for Congress, on the Democratic
ticket, in the northern district of Illinois; and
yet, sir, he was elected on that very platform,
that Congress had the power, and the right to
exercise it, to keep slavery out of the Territo-
ries.
Amongst the members of that convention was
the present Governor of the State of Illinois,
who was one of the vice presidents of the recent
Cincinnati Convention, and was the Democratic
candidate for United States Senator, in opposition
to Judge Trumbull, a ffltle more than a year
ago; and he, too, waa one of the State Senators
who, in 1849, supported the resolution of instruc-
tions to which I have just referred. Another
member of that convention, sir, was Mr. Picrce's
district attorney for my State, Thomas Hoyne. j
But again, sir, at a public meeting held for two j
nights, in December last, by the Democracy, at;
the sitting of the circuit court in Iroquois county, i
in which distinguished Democrats from different
portions of the State took part, and amongst them,
Uri Osgood, Esq., the present Democratic candi-
date for Congress in my district, a string of reso-
lutions was adopted, in which, after eulogizing
the present Administration, Judge Douglas, ana
the Democracy, the following occurs:
" Resolved, That the Democratic party is not only opposed
to the further extension of slavery, but are now legislating
against itsextension."
Let it notbe said that this was done in a corner.
Iroquois is the banner county of the Democracy
in my district—the only one which gave a ma-
jority against me. But, sir, that resolutiAl was i
sanctioned by the State Register, the organ of the j
party, published at the capital of the State, in this
style:
" Democracy of Iroquois. The Democracy of Iroquois
held a large meeting at Middleport, on the 5th, which waa
addressed by Messrs. Osgood, Pierson, Osman, and others.
Several prominent Whig# of the county participated in the
meeting,and repudiated fusion and Know-Nothingism, and
announced their intention to act with the Democracy here-
after. A series of strong Democratic resolutions was
adopted, indorsing the general policy of the Administration
and expressing a preference for Judge Douglas for the Pres-
idency. The Democracy of Iroquois are alive to the coming
contest, and will make a good report on the day of trial."
Sir, there are other proceedings of a like char-
acter in my own State, to which I intended to
refer. I am sorry I have not'time to read them.
_ I desire now, sir, to call attention to a resolu-
tion brought forward by Benjamin P. Hallett,
and adopted by a State convention of the Democ-
racy of Massachusetts, in 1849. Benjamin P.
Hallett, it is known, is the soul and embodiment
of the New England Democracy. In him they
live and move, and ]^ye their being, politically.
He holds a lucrative and important office under
the present Administration, has long been the
chairman of the National Executive Committee,
and is the author of the Cincinnati platform.
Here is the resolution:
" Tb t we an opposed toslave,, in every form and color,
and in favor of freedom and free soil wherever man lives
throoghoM God's heritage; that, by common law and coin-
man sense, as well as by the decision of the Supreme Court 1
of the United States, the state of slavery is a mere municipal
regulation, fdtmded upon and limited to the verge of the
territorial law—that is, the limits of the State creating it •
that as slavery does not exist liy any municipal law in the
new Territories, and Congress has no power to institute it, .
the local laws of any State authorizing slavery can never :
be transferred there, nor can slavery exist there but by a
local law of the Territories, sanctioned by Congress, or the ,
legislative act of the State in its sovereign capacity; that I
we are opposed to the extension of slavery to free Terri-
tories, and in Ihvor of the exercise ot all constitutional and
necessary means to restrict it to the limits within which it
does or may exist by the local laws of the States."
Such were the opinions of B. P. Haljett and
the Massachusetts Democracy of 1849, in favor
of restricting slavery^ by all constitutional means
within its present limits. Did not" treason" stalk
abroad in Massachusetts then ? But this is not
all of the resolution; and as Mr. Hallett has cen-
sured Senator Wilson for suppressing the re-
mainder of it, I will read it:
" But these sentiments are so universal at the North as
to belong to no party, being held in common by nearly a*
men nor lb of a sectional line, while they are repudiated by
moat men south of that line, and therefore they cannot be
made a national party lest."
Sir, these lines are the most important of all.
The first portion declares what were the senti-
ments of Massachusetts; the last paragraph tells
us that these sentiments were held in common by
all men, of all parties, in the free Spates. And
yet, sir, for adopting resolutions at Philadelphia,
and at the State Convention of Illinois, not going
one whit beyond this resolution of Mr. Hallett,
or those adopted by the Democracy of Illinois
Jive years ago, we are to be denounced as agi-
tators, disunionists, and Black Republicans. I
thank Mr. Hallett for this specimen of treason.
Mr. Chairman, James K. Polk, a southern
President, in his message to Congress on the Or-
egon bill, in 1848, has left on record the following
remarkable concession:
" But the good genius of conciliation which presided at
the biith of our institutions, finally prevailed, and the Mis-
souri compromise was adopted.
" This compromise had the effect of calming the troubled
waves, and restoring peace and gqpdwill throughout the
States of the (Jnion. The Missouri question had excited
intense agitation of the public mind, and threatened to
divide tbe country into geographical parties, alienating the
feelings of attachment which each portion of the Union
should begr to every other. The compromise allayed the
excitement, tranquilized the popular mind, and restored
confidence and fraternal feelings. lit author* were hailed
at public benefactors."
It is known, Mr. Chairman, that James Buch-
anan, in former times, gave his unqualified ap-
proval of the Missouri act; and John C. Breck-
inridge, associated with him on the same ticket,
declared, in his eulogy pronounced in this Hall
upon the death of Henry Clay, that one of the
brightest jewels in that illustrious statesman's
, crown was his advocacy of that sacred compact.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have been compelled to hasten
over these matters; but I believe I have redeemed
my pledge, and that I have shown that the Dem-
ocratic party in my own State, and throughout
the northern States at least, have changed front
on this question, and that they stand convicted
of the most arrant hypocrisy in denouncing as
Abolitionism, fanaticism, and treason, resolu-
tions and principles which the great leader of the
New England Democracy pronounced as the
universal sentiment of all men, north of a certain
line, only a few years ago.
The Republican party have been charged with
sectionalism and disloyalty to the Union. I have
but a moment more of time, and cannot go into
this question. But, sir, I appeal to the platforms
of that party as a sufficient refutal of the charge.
The Philadelphia platform is as follows:
*2. Retained, That, with our republican fathers, we hold
it to be a self-evident truth, that all men are endowed with
tbe undeniable right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness, and that the primary object and ulterior design of
our Federal Government were .to secure those rights to all
persons within its exclusive jurisdiction; that as our re-
publican fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all
our national territory, ordained that no person should be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law, it becomes our doty to maintain this provision of the
Constitution against all attempts to violate it for the pur-
pose of establishing slavery in the U nited States, by positive
Legislation, prohibiting its existence or extension therein.
That we deny the authority of Congress, or of a Territorial
Legislature, or any individuals or associations, to give legal
assistance to slavery, in any Territory of the United States,
while the present Constitution shall lie maintained.
" 3. Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Con-
gress sovereign power over the Territories of the United
States for their government; and that, in the exercise of
this power, it is both the right and the duty of Congress to
prohibit in tbe Territories those twin relics of barbarism,
polygamy and slavery."
The State convention of Illinois, held in May
last, at Bloomington, adopted the following reso-
lutions:
I " Retolved, That we hold, in accordance with the opin-
ions and practices of all the great statesmen of all parties, i
for the first sixty years of the administration of the Gov-
ernment, that, under the Constitution, Congress possesses
full power to prohibit slavery in the Territories: and
that, whilst we will maintain all Hie constitutional rights
of the South, justice, humanity, the principles of freedom
as expressed m our Declaration of Independence and our
national Constitution, and the purity and perpetuity of our
Government, require that power should be exerted to pre-
vent the extension o/ slavery into Territories hereto tore free.
AtMlvcd, That the repeal of the Missouri compromise
was unwise, unjust, and injurious; an open and aggravated
violation of the plighted faith of the States j and that the
attempts of the present Administration to force slavery into
Kansas, against the known wishes of the legal voters of
that Territory, is an arbitrary and tyrannous violation of
the right of the people to govern themselves ; and that we
will strive, by all constitutional means, to secure to Kansas
and Nebraska the legal guaiantee against slavery, of which
they were deprived at the cost of the violation of the plighted
faith of the nation."
_ Sir, if there be cither sectionalism, or aboli-
tionism, or disloyalty to the Union, in these plat-
forms, I confess my inability to see it. They are
doctrines held and maintained by the fathers of
the Republic, and practiced upon during the first
half century of our national existence.
Sir, I am a Union-loving man; my people are '
aUnion-loving people. Theyare neither fanatics,
nor traitors, nor Abolitionists. They stand by
the Union and the Constitution; iut they stand
by free territory, and there they will ever stand,
despite all taunts and obloquy. Sir, I represent
two'hundred thousand freemen; as industrious,
as intelligent, as brave, as loyal, as any other
constituency in the Republic. The prairies they
inhabit are as broad, as fertile, as magnificent, and
beautiful, as any in this or other lands, interlaced
with six hundred miles of railroad, and intersected
by a canal unsurpassed on this continent. Sir,
these men will make no inroads upon southern
rights or southern institutions, but they will
resist to the last the introduction of slavery into
territory heretofore free. And, sir, I am with
them. I will resist it by every power given me
by the Constitution of my country.
One word more, sir, and I have done. I ani in
favor of the election of Colonel Fremont to the
Presidency of the United States—not because of
any brilliant record of past statesmanship — but
for the reason that I believe he is capable and
honest; that he will stand by the Constitution
and the Union, and will prove faithful to the
platform erected at Philadelphia. If I believed
he would disregard the Constitution of my coun-
tiy; if I thought he would not regard the rights
of the South as well as of the North; if I
thodght that he would be untrue to all -sections
of the Union; if I thought that he would veer
from a true construction of the Constitution,
either to the right hand or to the left, to favor
any section or interest—I would cut off this right
arm before I would support him. Sir, I have no
fears on that score. Though claiming no great
fattie as a statesman, Colonel Fremont, in the
various and trying positions he has occupied,
has ever proved equal to any emergency.
Sir, I was bred in a school that loves the Union.
I love the whole Union. I stand by the Union,
North and South, as the sheet-anchor of onr
hopes. I have no sympathy with fanaticism,
North or South. I have no desire to take from
the South any rights guarantied to her by the
Constitution; but I will never sacrifice those to
which my own section is entitled. Sir, let jus-
tice be done; let freedom be restored to Kansas;
let us return to the principles of the early fathers,
in the hope that peace, harmony, ana liberty,
may again rejoice the hearts of all our people.
 *  *
PRACTICAL LEGISLATION FOR THE KANSAS
TROUBLES — DEMOCRATIC AND REPUBLICAN
PARTIES. THEIR POLICY AND ACTION —FILL-
MORE AND HIS PARTY.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. F. MOORE,
of ojiio,
In the Hottse of Representatives,
August 9,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MOORE said:
Mr. Chairman: Until yesterday, it was not
my purpose to avail myself of the latitude given
to debate while in Committee of the Whole, to
submit any remarks whatever, knowing, as we
