1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125f
34th CoNe....lst Sess. Practical Legislation for the Kansas Troubles, etc—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
all do, that whatever is said while thus in com-
mittee is addressed rather to the country than to
Congress. I have, however, for some time, de-
sired, in the spirit of that candor and frankness
which ought ever to characterize our intercourse
here, to address myself briefly to gentlemen upon
this floor, whose duty it is, in common with my-
self, to forget for a while what I fear engrosses
too much our attention, and endeavor in good
fcith to accomplish some practical plan of avert-
ing a calamity which all agree threatens the
country, and for restoring that good feeling and
harmony which ought ever to exist among the
different -States of this Union; but a distrust of
my own powers, and that timidity and diffidence
which, if it were not peculiar to myself, is a very
natural offspring of my position as a new mem-
ber upon this floor, has heretofore deterred me
from making that effort; and now, admonished
by the pressure of business before us, and the
very brief period allowed to accomplish it, I am
compelled either to forego entirely what I have
desired to say, or to present it to the committee,
where, for the reason already stated, it may
never reach many of those by whom 1 desire to
be heard.
We haveheard much—very much—said, and
a great anxiety has been manifested in this Hall,
during this protracted session, about an early
settlement of the "Kansas question." I shall
not pause to inquire with what sincerity gentle-
men have at times talked, or how much less
of feeling than was evidenced by the words
uttered, pf anxiety for the early settlement of this
question, but wish merely to say, that I, too, have
been anxious upon this subject; and although for
more than eight months I have sat here, indiffer-
ent, apparently, perhaps, to some, and have never
in ray place uttered one word in debate upon the
subject, I have nevertheless been exceedingly
solicitous all the time to see the earliest possible
settlement of this delicate and vexatious question,
so far as this Congress, constituted as it is, can
settle it. But pray, what practical good is accom-
plished for Kansas or the country, convulsed,
as we all concede they are, by a mere feeling of
anxiety, whether real or fictitious, on the part of
Congress ? The Democracy have settled down
upon a finality. The country was peaceful,
quiet, happy, prosperous almost without a par-
allel, when, a little more than three years ago, it
was transferred by Millard Fillmore to the present
Administration; and now the whole country is
convulsed; and, to say nothing of subsequent
events, there cannot be found a single man who
has the effrontery or indecency to say that the
introduction of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, was not
the inception of the entire series of unhappy
events which have followed close upon the neel
of that disastrous measure. It is not our purpose
to trace the effect of that scheme, or to suggest
motives for its introduction, or mark its progress,
from the fatal hour when it was concocted, down
to the present moment of gloom and despondency;
but it is enough*to say, that wherever you may
cast your eyes you can see nothing but havoc
and desolation.
If a tornado had swept over the whole country
no greater devastation would have been percept-
ible in the natural world than is now standing
out in bold relief, everywhere, in the1 political
condition of the country. The Government, from
an unprecedented tranquillity and prosperity, has
been precipitated into the veriest Vortex of dis-
cord; and so deep settled a disquietude is every-
where exhibited—such a portentous'murmuring
of the people, such a distrust, such a want of con-
fidence, such a sectional bickering and strife is
now manifested all over the land, that even the
coolest, the bravest, and the truest men of the
country are watching the passing events with the
utmost solicitude and apprehension, lest it may
result in open rupture ana civil war. The giant
Democratic party of 1852, where is it now? Where
are its colossal proportions, its proud crest, its
Samson locks? Gone! gone! It has fallen; its
fiant proportions have dwindled away; it has
een shorn of its Samson locks, and with th^n
have departed their Samson stretigth;and now,
as a sick girl, it cries—
"Give me come drink, Titiiiius."
And that proud chieftain, too, who so recently
was carried into the presidential mansion witn
almost a unanimbus vote — how has the mighty
fallen!
"But yesterday, the word of Caesar might
Have stood against the world: now lies he there,
And none so poor to do him reverence."
And that " Little Giant," once the pride of
"Young America," with a talent worthy of a
better cause, with a bravery scarcely paralleled,
and a will to execute equaled only by his daunt-
less courage—he, too, is humbled to the dust.
The chalice prepared by him for another has
been returned to his own lips. The arrow has
rebounded and pierced his own bosom:
" Keen were his pangs, but keener fir ^ feel,
He nursed the pinion which impelled the steel."
The very friends of those who initiated this
mad scheme, and brought to its support all the
Eower and patronage of this vast Government,
are, in one portion of the country at least, de-
serted them. Their heads have been placed upon
the block, and the ax applied by the very hands
of those that they have caressed^ and while they
have permitted their bodies to writhe in all the
agonies of a death struggle, they have turned con-
temptuously away; and, as if to show how inef-
fable is their scorn, they are seekftig now to ele-
vate to the high places from which the schemers
have been dragged, the very man who, above all
others in this country, can smile complacently at
his fallen rivals, and in the deepest recesses of his
cold and Antiquated heart, laugh at their calam-
ity. And yet, this venerable Democracy wraps
itself up in its own dignity; and instead of offer-
ing some practical healing measure to the coun-
try, looks out with cool aoudeliberate unconcern,
and, in deep sepulchral tones, says to the people
of this convulsed Government: " There is no
remedy-*—we can do nothing—we stand upon a
finality, which we ourselves have forced upon
the country; and now, let what will come, we
leave you to the fierce passions, the violence, the
bowie-knife, and the rifle of infuriated men, to
protect yourselves if you can, or to suffer and
bleed and die if you must."
The very principle which was introduced by
the Kansas bill, and upon which the Democracy
Slume themselves, they have suffered to be repu-
iated and scouted out of the Territory, and the
new principle introduced of permitting everybody
outside of the Territory to prescribe the govern-
ment to the entire exclusion of every one within
it. And yet no arm of this Government, strong
enough to accomplish its purposes, has ever been
interposed. Fraud and violence have stalked
abroad, and blood has flown, and yet no inteipo-
sition, by the Administration, until the act has
been consummated, and then only a force too
puny and imbecile to restore order and enforce
obedience. And now this Congress is to adjourn,
and no practicable remedial measure is proposed
by the Democracy at all adequate to the subsist-
ing troubles. Nothing conciliatory, nothing heal-
ing, nothing salutary to the repose and peace of
the country is proffered by that party, that claims
for itself all of nationality, all of conservatism, all
of patriotism. But I desire to do no injustice.
A bill has been introduced, and has passed the
Senate, at the instance of the Democracy,'which,
its friends claim, is the great panacea; and I have
no wish to detract from it whatever of merit that
measure may possess. I am free to say, that
upon its face that bill bears the semblance, at
least, of fairness; and if all our teachings here-
tofore from those who have claimed to be the
♦'peculiar friends" of free Kansas were true, and
there was, in point of fact, so large a preponder-
ance of actual citizens in that Territory who de-
sired to have Kansas a free State, as has always
heretofore been represented, there could be but
slight objection urged against the measure by any
one who desired to see the question settled, and,
at the same time, desired also to see Kansas
admitted into this Union as a free State. But,
unfortunately for the success of that measure, the.
information which has been spread all over this
country by the fHends of free Kansas, as to the
great superiority in numbers of the free-State
men in that Territory, is now pronounced fabu-
lous, or at least doubtful, by those men them-
selves.
And again, in anticipation of the passage of
this Senate bill, from information recently re-
ceived, which, to say the least of it, comes from
a source entitled, in the absence of more reliable
testimony, to no little credit; it is understood and
believed that that class of men who, from the
first, have set out with a fixed determination to
establish slavery in that Territory, and are labor-
ing sedulously to accomplish that purpose, have
already taken the necessary steps, under the pro-
visions of that bill, to control the destiny of that
Territory to suit themselves; and, with that
information staring us in the face, in connection
with the notorious fact that almost every man
here, whose sympathies are with the slave party,
and who would, were it left to him, establish
slavery there, is for that bill, and desires its pas-
sage, whatever of fairness may appear upon the
face of the bill itself, or however plausible may
be the arguments urged by its friends in its favor,
it never can receive the sanction of this House,
and therefore it offers no practical relief either to
Kansas or the country. For, come what will,
differ as widely as we may, as to what measure
of peace should Be adopted, whoever or whatever
may be affected by it, it is due to frankness and
to truth to say that no measure more favorable to
the establishment of slavery in Kansas, than the
territorial bill itself, wholly unaided by any other
legislation looking to that end, and divested of
every appliance brought to bear by outside influ-
ences and consideration's, can ever receive the
sanction of a majority of the House. And it is
worse than useless—it is the sheerest mockery,
therefore, to propose anything that can afford
new legislative aid, even in the slightest degree,
to the establishment of slavery in Kansas. If,
then, this is the ultimatum of the Democracy, wo
can, without doing the least injustice, insist before
the people, that they turn a deaf ear to all their
entreaties, afford no relief, proffer no healing
measure, but complacently fold their arms, plant-
ing themselves upon their finality, and leave the
country to work out its own salvation, as best it
can.
But a new party has recently sprung dp in
this country, and with all the ardor and enthu-
siasm of a new suitor for the popular favor| this
strange compound of discordant elements —i- this
piebald, heterogeneous mass of conglomerated
inconsistencies, instigated and led on by a band
of political desperadoes and charlatans, who for
years have disgraced the country and embroiled
its peaceful citizens, but renderea now somewhat
respectable by an association'with no inconsid-
erable number of worthy people, have appropri-
ated entirely to themselves the settlement of this
Kansas question, and a restoration of the peace
and quiet of the country. No higher aim, we
grant, could challenge the exertions of any party;
no nobler purposes could engage the untiring
energies of any political organization in this
country. And if this were the aim and purpose
of the leaders and instigators of this new party,
one universal shout should come up, " Goa speed
its success!" But let no man be deceived! It
comes, we grant, under a euphonious name —
" Republican !" " The People's party!" And,
looking only at its title, the numble habiliments
thrown around its exterior, no wonder that so
many good and true men in the North are inclined,
in the bitterness of their anguish, to fall into its
embraces. No one can doubt that, in numbers at
least, a vast majority of those who are this day
within the folds of this new organization, are
honest and pure in purpose^sincere in design,
and patriotic in determination; and that, if left
to them, they would bring back the country to
Crimitive landmarks, and restore peace and order;
ut no less true is it, that the honest, true, and
patriotic masses of the party will not dictate, as
they have not thus far dictated, its policy or control
its destiny.
The poweV behind the throne, the wheel within
the wheel, the complicated and delicate machinery
which gives impetus and direction and control
to party organization, is not perceptible, even in
the calmest moments, to the pure-minded, unsus-
pecting, true men of the country. And while
now the farmer at his plow, the mechanic in his
work-shop, and the laborer at his toil, in the
honesty of his pure heart, in the unsuspecting
