1398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9>
34th Gong....1st Sess. Practical Legislation for the Kansas Troubles, etc—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
sincerity of liis true nature, with patriotic emo-
tions, looks out upon the turmoil, the distrust,
the disquietude, the portentous murraurings of
the people, and thinks only of the quick return
of happier ami more tranquil moments to the
country, does not even dream that, at that very
moment, there is behind the scene that band of
political incksters, and renegades, and adven-
turers which always heretofore he has shunned
as lie would the adder—whose touch is contam-
ination, whose breath is pestilential, and whose
rule is dishonor and ruin—are chuckling over his
innocent infatuation, but, at the same time, ar-
ranging with the utmost caution and care the
party machinery, so that they may reap the har-
vest, and gather the fruit, while he is left to enjoy
the mortifying reality of a disappointed hope, and
a defrauded expectation. And yet no man who
lias mingled at all in public life, or has but half
heeded the admonitions of the past, or looks with
but half an eye at the " beautiful workings" of
the faithful now, with all their new-born zeal for
that repose and quiet whicli the country so impe-
riously demands, but which ever heretofore they
have been so studiously and sedulously careful
to disturb and destroy, can for one moment doubt
the purpose and base design of such men; their
untiring exertions to carry out those purposes,
and their ability to consummate them, if, by ex-
citement and confusion, or by feeling, prejudice,
or passion, justly, perhaps, aroused, the people
of the country can be so lulled to sleep or seduced
into a heedless acquiescence, as to enable them
by stealth and fraud to attain power and control j
in this Government, either by themselves or by
the minions that tliey have raised up for the
oeoasion. I
Settle the difficulties in'Kansas, Mr. Chairman!
Restore peace and quiet to a distracted country !
Bring back the Government to ancient landmarks!
Inspire new confidence! Avenge the breach of
plighted faith! Conciliate and reconcile conflict-
ing rights and interests in the true spirit of the
fathers,and plantthemselves firmlyupon such rec-
onciliations, and stand by them ! Who, sir, in all
this land, in sober seriousness, would ever even
suspect that the master spirits of this Republican
movement, the men who seek to control its des-
tiny, who have thus far dictated its policy, and
will in the future, if it shall succeeS, guide and
direct its course, either seek or desire to accom-
plish any such purposes?
Peace and quiet to the country,good faith, lov-
alty to the Constitution, acquiescence in all the
compromises of that instrument, and a steadfast
adherence to the policy, the yielding, conciliatory
spirit of those true men who stood by the cradle
of this Government in its infancy, cherished and
protected it in its youth, and transmitted it to us
in the vigor and strength of its manhood; no
useless agitation, no unwarranted sectionalism,
no fraternal strife! And say you that this is the
doctrine of the head and front of Republicanism?
Blot out the record that these men have made;
forget the strife which they have occasioned;
erase from your history the recorded scenes of
agitation in which they have figured so conspic-
uously; burn up the statute-book in every State
in which, by any means, either foul or fair, they
have at any time had the power and control;
gather together every disunion and sacrilegious
sentiment which even now, every day, is pouring
in upon us from all quarters, emanating from men
■who, while they are kindred spirits, and think
and feel with them, have not that cool, calculating
head, nor that dishonest, insincere, and insidious
heart that, for its own wise purposes in this par-
ticular juncture, can smother up and conceal its
true instincts; and bury all these things deep,
deep in the bowels of the earth, and you may
then induce the people to believe that their pur-
poses are identical, and that they seek to accom-
plish only what the people themselves desire in
these perilous times.
God knows, Mr. Chairman, that there is al-
ready enough in this country to excite and startle
its peaceful and quiet citizens, and that it is in no
wise the part either of wisdom or prudence to
say aught to add to thatdisauietude and restless-
ness, or accelerate the fearful issue so likely to
come out of it. It is all, doubtless, the legitimate
offspring of the sad workings of a wicked and mad
[Administration, who with impious hands have [
'broken up the deep fountain in which has been
hidden for so long tlie dark waters of discord and 1
deluged the country. And while we would not |
suppress one tittle of that just indignation, which
is felt by an outraged people for the wrongs in-
flicted, or avert the meritea punishment for those
wrongs, or rescue for one instant from the deep
grave of dishonor and infamy, dug by their own
hands, and to which with so much unanimity
an insulted and indignant people has consigned
them, a party so perverse as that which now
afflicts the country, we would ask, in the spirit
of patriotism and deep devotion to this great
Government, to pause one moment, and Iook be-
yond the tuivulent scenes of the present hour.
Is there to be n future of this Repumic? And is
that future to find us a united and happy people,
with one country, one Constitution, one nag,
" with no star obliterated or stripe erased," one
destiny^or shall the great orb of day look down
14 on the broken and dishonored fragments of a
once glorious Union, on a land rent with civil
feud, or drenchetj, it may be, in fraternal blood ?"
These may be inquiries worthy of the passing
notice even of those who scoff at the " Union-
savers " of these days And while upon that
subject, I desiFe, Mr. Chairman, simply to say,
that I am not one of those who believe that this
Union can be dissolved by any sudden political
convulsion. No great tornado will ever sweep |
over this country, potent enough to sever at once
the strong cords which bind us together. Nor
is it against any such occurrence as that I would
desire to caution the country. But it is against
that insidious, mendacious power and influence
which steals upon utAn the night season, when
honest and true men are sleeping, and severs a
cord here, and another one there, and thus weak-
ens the bond of union. It is against that fell
spirit which creates distrust, and destroys that
mutual confidence which is so essential among
the people, and against that demon who, with a
fair exterior and honeyed words, says first to
the North, "See what the South has done!"
and then to the South, " Sec what the North is
about to do !" that I would caution the country;
and above all, while thus the bond of union is
weakened, and all confidence is lost—while the
, North is aroused and excited and indignant at
! what it is said the South has done, and the South
is all -on fire at what it is said the North is about j
to do—while the clouds are lowering and the
' storm coming* it is not only against all new and
untried experiments-^ail tampering—but in the
very deepest recesses'of my soul, I solemnly pro-
test against entrusting the rule of this Govern-
ment into the hands of either the men or their
minions, who for so long have desired in their
" heart of hearts" to witness just such a condi-
tion of things in the country; and who for so
many years have labored so sedulously and un-
ceasingly for its consummation.
Heretofore, Mr. Chairman, there has never
been a time when the counsels of such men would
have been heeded for one instant by the great
masses of pure-minded and true men who love
their country. It is true that, occasionally, one
of them has stolen into some high place of trust
in the North, but they stood out as living monu-
ments of their own shame and disgrace, and a
beacon light to point out the rock upon which
every true man in the country who travels in that
direction is destined inevitably to split. And,sir,
never until this Administration, in utter disregard
of all its pledges, and ki open violation of that
confidence which the people reposed in it, sank
itself so deep, did these men rise above the sur-
face beneath which they had so long remained,
with enough of power only to .discolor the waters,
and at times possibly create 9. ripple. And now,
brought into notice, and with a respectability
and an importance given to them only by the
contrast which they bear to the present Admin-
istration, in its low and sunken estate, these men
have inaugurated a new party, made up, it is
true, mostly out of those who, like rats, have
had the necessary instinct to'escape from the
sinking ship in time, and the excrements of every
party that na« ever existed in this country, and,
under a "fancy name," chosen because no one'
could understand, or even suspect from it, what.
were the true designs and purposes of those
who stood sponsors to it at the baptismal font,
prolific of promises but meager with both the
ability and disposition to keep them—professing
to be guided by the wisdom of Washington, and
Jefferson, and Madison, but trampling, in reality,
upon the graves of those men—reviling their
memories and traducing and vilifying their char-
acters, by denouncing every day, as the deepest
of all damning sins, the very thing of which these
men were all guilty, and upon whose skirts, if sin
it was, it rested, when their spirits took their
flight—and sailing, too, as they say, under the
flag of their country, and yet that " shorn of its
fair proportions," and not less than fifteen of its
bright stars obliterated, they appeal to the coun-
try for recruits. And who, pray, is to rally
around their standard ? Not a few, perhaps, with
more zeal than wisdom, catching from afar off,
the faint notes of someone who, for the first time
in his life, perhaps, has discovered that some well
fed, light hearted, happy descendant of the Afri-
can race " is held in bondage," and he is crying
out lustily, " Liberty!"" Liberty!" and remem-
bering that was the watchword of the Revolution,
and that there was prestige of success to it, there-
fore instantly rush into the thickest of the fight.
There is one other class who, far more worthy
than these, are laboring under the strange infatu-
ation that no one, unless he has been all his life
a Democrat, is entitled to their support, and
because Colonel Fremont has beeivall his life a
Democrat, and James Buchanan 1ms only been
one for the last forty years, and before that was
a Federalist, of course they prefer the for&er, and
very naturally go over to his support.
There is still another class, far more formida-
ble than either of the two named, because they
are more numerous, and more harmonious, and
far better united in all their political action than
any other body of men who ever, in this coun-
try, exercised the right to vote. I mean, Mr.
Chairman, that class of adopted citizens, who-
ever they may be, or whatever they may have
' come from, and none other, who band themselves
together, stand aloof, never mingle with our peo-
ple, never learn our language, never become
Americanized, go to the polls and vote as one
man, and who, in every political contest in which
ourown people are at all equally divided, control
at their own will the election. Never, sir, did the
Buchanan Democracy humble itself so much,
| never did they go so far out of their way, to spit
I upon the native-born American citizen, to ap-
pease that class of voters, as has the Republican
party, under the management of its virtuous lead-
eijg. And now, if this class of voters withhold
j their support, and refuse the rich bounty of free
homes—on free soil, in free Kansas, under Fre-
| mont—that is promised them, and still spurn the
'embrace of the men,-who, under one of their
chief leaders, for their sake, have indignantly
hooted out the true eons of this soil, thgy but ex-
hibit, with their other faults, that deepest of all
sins—base ingratitude. But it carmot be. The
Republican party are entitled t<* the support of
this class of voters;, they deserve it for their
truckling subserviency; they merit it for their
self-debasement in despising their own blood, so
that they might love them the more; and it is to
be hoped that they will receive it all, and that no
man will envy them the boon.
There is another class, Mr. Chairman, upon
whom a powerful appeal is made. I mean, sir,
the quiet, unobtrusive, conservative portion of
the country—the true men who are disappointed,
! chagrined, mortified, and overwhelmed at the bad
faith and broken promises of high public func-
tionaries. The upright citizen, wiio deplores the
1 unfortunate condition of public affairs, is justly
indignant at those who are responsible fortit, and
desires ardently to rebuke the perpetrators of the
wrong.
: But, while they would go far to hold up;to.
public censure and condemnation all who are
I responsible for the outrage, and would hurl, with
scorn, from ppwer, the party under whose aus-
pices the act has been consummated, yet would
b« the last, in doing this, to perpetrate a more
glaring wrong, or inflict upon the country alar
greater calamity. The desire of these men is
|; peace, order, justice, safety to the country, the
