1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
34th Cong....1st Sess. Practical Legislation for the Kansas Troubles, etc.—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
supremacy of the law, and the preservation of
Government as it is. And the aid of these men
is invoked to the building up of the Republican
party; and unless that aid is afforded them, that
party is destined to the most inglorious defeat.
Will that aid be {jiven? It is not to be disguised
that there is an intense feeling in the country,
that there exists the strongest determination to
rebuke the administration of President Pierce,
and to fix the seal of condemnation upon the
party, who propose merely to consummate &
scheme of wrons; and wantonness, concocted, and
to a very considerable extent carried through by
the Administration which it promises to succeed;
and could it stop there, and the country repose
Suietly, when that great work is accomplished,
le duty of every man would be a plain one. But
that brings up the momentous question; and it is
not bow the knee, or yield obedience^ or, servile
and menial like, do their biddings. And what-
ever may be thought of me, and my unyielding
| resistance to the mandates of those men in that
! long struggle, by those whose representative I am;
^either individually or collectively, I glory in the
> firmness by which I was enabled to stand up
j against them, resist their entreaties, scorn and de-
test their menaces, scoff at their capping and base
denunciation,and smile complacently at the harm-
less innocency of their scourgings. That struggle
is now over, and no one desires to revive it.
The respect for the Speaker is inspired by the
grace with which he has adorned the chair as a
presiding officer, and in no wise by that pertin-
acity with which his election was urged, not so
much by gentlemen within, as by the powers
without this Hall. To the country it seemed but
prey about the Capitol, filling the very atmos-
Ehere with their stench, on the other, and over-
eard the scheme concocted and the plan arranged
for a sudden and strange public sentiment in
favor of the nomination of Colonel Fremont, to
be indicated by jnysterious communications com-
ing up from all parts of the country simultane-
ously, and then have marked the untiring industry
and the zeal with which these distinct classes,
acting conjointly, have labored to promote that
sentiment, and procure, through their own pecu-
liar channels, its expression in the Philadelphia
convention; and you would have had no trouble
in either learning " whose work it was," or what
are the purposes and designs of the co-laborers.
But perhaps it may be urged that this party,
even if it has done strange work in presenting a
candidate for the highest office in the Government,
well worth the candid and dispassionate inquiry i a struggle for the organization of this House, but j through its representatives in this Congress have
a k • i *1 . r ■ ...  1  x _ XI  a. ~ 1  «La T>nn.,UKAAn nnimt ond nporl on
of the quiet and considerate citizen everywhere,
whether it is not better to endeavor to rebuke the
wrong in some other way, or even to suffer it to
go unrebuked, than to invoke a power that may
prove more terrible and disastrous in its conse-
quent, and more fatal to the peace and pros-
perity of the Government, than even the contin-
uance in power of a party so universally con-
demned and. detested ? Good men cry out there
is no danger; but is that true?
A party existing only in one portion of the
country, selecting thejr own candidates, propo-
sing to elect them by a st^t sectional vote, to
the entire and absolute exclusion of every other :
portion of the Republic, and then , under such an !
organization, undertaking to administer the Gov- j
ernment for a portion of the country intentionally
precluded from all participation in the matter, is
an experiment, to say the least of it, of doubtful
character. Upon its very face it bears the sem-
blance of wrong and injustice. It threatens dan-
ger, and it may result disastrous to the country.
And no candid and fair-minded man can look
upon the scheme in his calm and sober moments,
• without feeling a deep distrust for its success. _rr   „ .
Guided, however, by wisdom, controlled by con- more fatal to the peace and quiet of the country,
oiderate and experienced men, and urged on by , was ever attempted to be palmed off by sinister
pure patriotism, the experiment even as danger- , and base-hearted men, upon an honest and dis-
ous as it may appear, might result well, and the : creet, but now excited and indignant, people.
to the controlling elements of the Republican
party it was the inauguration of that party. It
was so understood then by those who did not
sympathize with it, but resisted its encroach-
ments, and it has since been frankly proclaimed
' by the Republican press. And now, since its
inauguration, what has it done, or what does it
promise to do, to commend itself to the support
of the good and true men of this country ? The
circumstances under which it has been ushered
; in, the long and fearful struggle, the entire re-
sponsibilty of which its friends have wrongfully j
sought to impose upon those who would not aid, j
i contribute to, or acquiesce in, or even submit to ,
! its behests, connected with its birth, have already i
i been alluded to. Has anything since occurred
to render it more acceptable to the prudent, con-
servative, and considerate citizen? It is said
that, even if rash, selfish, and dangerous men
were active in conceiving and in giving birth to
the bantling, that power and control has long
since ceased, and it is now " the people's party,"
and under their auspices, guidance, and manage-
ment. Sir, no absurdity under the flimsy garb of
apparent truth, more glaring than thig—no fallacy
ous as it may appear, might
great object of the true men who are inclined to
go with it, might be accomplished—the wrongs re-
dressed, the perpetrators rebuked, peace restored, |
and no new calamity entailed upon the country.
But has one single element, so essential to the i
success of the party in accomplishing the pur- |
poses designed by conservative men to be aeeom- j
plished by it,marked its progress? It is not our |
purpose to go into any close examination of the j
rise of this party, or inquire particularly into j
its parentage—when it was conceived—why it
originated—who arranged for its birth—who act- j
ed as accoucheur—how diffieult was the parturi-
tion " how the mountain labored and brought
forth the mouse"—how certain men rejoiced when
the bantling was ushered in—who has profited by
it thus Far—upon what nourishment the sickly
thing has been fed, and how difficult, with all
the stimulus that has been administered during
its infancy, it has been kept alive, or what food
is yet prepared for it, and upon which it is to be
feasted, with the vain hope of eking out its mis-
erable .existence until the household of its parent-
see may be enabled to realize some htfle at least
of what promised at one time to be a large estate!
To drop all figure, and use plain language, cer-
tain notorious characters, widely, at least, if not
favorably, known to the country, by pre-arc^nge-
ment had fixed the opening of this Congress, and
the organization of this House, as the time and the
place for the birth of this party. Without waning
to consult or inquire into the adaptation of all the
means pre-arranged,or the willingness on the part
of those selected to aid in the inauguration of this
party, the machinery was put in motion, and we
remember well its workings. The hirelings and
overseers stood ready—lash in hand—to scourge
into active service every one who was inclined to
lag in the performance of the work blocked out
fo? them by the self-constituted masters. No
menial, for whom these men profess so much
We dd  not propose, Mr. Chairman, to trace
I the history of the Philadelphia convention. The
| result of its deliberation is well known to Jhe
country. That there were many good men, safe
i and prudent citizens,.and true patriot* in that
I convention, soaieofwhom even, vnder a strange
infatuation j fevored the nomination of Colonel
Fremont, no one doubts; but that his nomination
was the result of the deliberate judgment, the
honest convictions, the disinterested promptings
of any such men, is %o unbluahingly false, that
no one can be found so insane as to assert it.
Colonel Fremont! the great untried—the "path-
finder"—the " explorer;" the man who ascended
the Rocky Mountains, and planted upon its high-
est peak the Cross—fit emblem of his religion,
forsooth, but § man who never " trod the deck"—
chosen to the entire exclusion of the ten thousand
better men in the country, to go aboard of the
old ship of State, and take hold of the helm in the
midst of one of the most terrible storms in which
thatcherished old craft was "fever caught, atan hour
when every good man stood appalled, and held
his breath, fearing that the very next wave that
should dash against her sides would carry her
and all on board below, and say to you that this
isthe work of "the people?" Sir, it is a base libel
upon the intelligence, the honesty, and the purity
of the people; the impudence and unblushing
effrontery that gives utterance to which is sur-
passed only by that which prompted the nomina-
tion itself. The people's worit! Sir, if you
would learn whose work it was, instead of going
among the people and insulting them by inquiring
" Who did it?" you should have gone, in some
long, still night of last winter, into some gloomy
cavern on Wall street, or perhaps into the dark-
ened sanctum of some New York city newspaper
editor, and there witnessed the scene which
' transpired among the wily politicians of an oft-
repudiated, rejected, and despised school, on the
" i J .f MukliA nlnn^nvopa nrnft
exhibited the true spirit, and evinced an earnest
determination to accomplish Ahe purposes de-
manded by the times, and that the party, there-
fore, is entitled to the support audencouragement
of the conservative masses. Sir, that is one of ,
the very matters upon which I have desired to be
heard. And while I impugn no gentleman's
motives, I intend to deal frankly and fearlessly
with the subject. If it has been the object and
purpose of the Republicans ypon this floor to in-
sist upon the adoption of some plan for the set-
tlement of the troubles in Kansas and the country,
wfyjch they knew could not meet the approbation
of the Senate, and the President, it is to be ad-
mitted that through this long session they have
not only been fortunate, but entirely successful.
t£ it has been the object of these gentlemen to
carry out practically a doctrine which they so
freely proclaim, that there is to be no compromise,
no concession—that they must have all that they
require, or none, when they know that, from the
very nature of things, they ciinnot obtain that
all. If they are determined to plant themselves
upon an ultimatum—a finality—and unyieldingly
to stand there, asking nothing, and conceding
nothing short of that; if, in the wisdom and
statesmanship by which they propose to commend
their party to the intelligent and thinking men of
this country, they are disposed to afford no relief,
propose no paling measure, do nothing for "suf-
fering Kansas "^nothing to calm the country,
restore quiet, sr wing back the Government and
the people to the point from which they have
wandered, unless they can accomplish all that
is desirable or required-, if it is their purpose to
suffer the agony of the people to continue—the
breach which already exists between the North
and the South to grow wider—the bitterness,
which is now felt by people in one section towards
those of another to become more rancorous, and,
fierce passion to become more fierce and malig-
nant, until every bond of Union is gone, all con-
fidence lost, and all fraterpl regard destroyed,
and not even propose to arrest, in the slightest
degree, the sad progress of things, or to cast upon
the troubled waters one drop of oil, merely be-
cause they cannot obtain their vltimatwin; then,
sir, it is to be conceded that their objects and
purposes have been signally successful. And, if
they are to go out to the country, and appeal to
the good and true men to sustain them, because
of the high excitement and the intense feeling
which prevails, and which, if they did not, in the
first place, engender, they have at least suffered,
to accumulate, and will not interpose, however
slightly, to quiet; and these things are recom-
mendations to the people, their success and tri-
umph is inevitable. It will not do, Mr. Chair-
man, for these gentlemen to say that the Repub-
lican party is in the minority upon this floor, ana
therefore can do nothing, and should not be held
responsible. True, as a party, they have no
majority; but upon every measure of policy loos-
ing to the settlement of the troubles in Kansas
the rebuke of the Administration—and the resto-
ration of peace and quiet in the country, there
has been enough of those who are not of them,
ready and willing to aid, to enable them to carry
the same through this House.
Gentlemen, sir, (and I speak particularly for
myself in this connection,) who came here de-
vaitncing the Democratic party for its breach of
