1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
34th Cong •••• 1st Sess.
Civil and Religious Liberty Defended—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY DEFENDED.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN KELLY,
OF NEW YORK,
In thr Hoosk or Representatives,
•August 9,1856.
The House being in tbe Committee of the Whole on the
Mate uf the Union—
Mr. KELLY said:
Mr. Chairman: I regret exceedingly to trouble
the committee on matters not connected with the
practical business of legislation. I am afraid, sir,
that it is improper to bring such outside and ex-
traneous discussion here; but, inasmuch as my
colleague [Mr. Whitney] has attacked the Cath-
olic clergy and my fellow-believers in an ancient
faith generally on this floor.it bccomes my duty,
as the representative of a Catholic constituency
in part, and I believe the only Catholic Represent-,
•live in this House, to defend them and myself
from his unfounded and illiberal charges. I feel
my inability to do justice to my cause, as my
past life has been one of unceasing manual toil,
remote alike from theological or literary pursuits.
Jt will not, therefore, be expected of me to give
the subject that thorough research and masterly
treatment which it has received from the learned
and eloquent Chandler, ahd other liberal-minded
gentlemen who have discussed it heretofore upon
this floor. I trust, however, the House will , _
accede to me that indulgence which the pcculiari- i mind the object and scope ot these ecclesiastical
ties of mv former position in life demand. ] j ordinances. What does my colleague want ? Is
Sir it will be recollected that, during the con- j it that charitable trusts should be administered
test for the Speakership last winter, an attack was 1 according to the wish of the person making the
y a gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith] trust or bequest ? If so, I challenge the learning,
which, as he translates the ordinance, is thus de-
fined: .
" Shall be under an anathema, until he shall have wholly
restored to the Church, or to the administrator or benefices
thereof, the jurisdictions, property, effects, rights, fruits,
and revenues which he has seized, or in whatever way
they have come to him, even by way of gift of a supersti-
tious person, and until he shall have furthermore obtained
absolution from the Soman Pontiff."— Council of Trent,
p. 170. J '
Here, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman's Latin is
grievously at fault, and I am obliged to a Protest-
ant friend, who is a good Latin scholar, for the
following correct translation:
" The penalty of excommunication is incurred by all
guilty of this usurpation, &.C., &c.
" Besides, if the usurper be patron of any church, he
further loses the right of patronage.
" Again, if any cleric, any of the clergy—that is,bishop,
priest, &c.,—shall plan or consent to any such abominable
fraud and usurpation, in addition to the aforesaid penalties,
he shall further be deprived of any benefices he may
possess, and be rendered incapable of holding any other
benefices. And, even after ftill satisfaction and absolution
from the censures, be shall be suspended from the execu-
tion or exercise of his orders, according to the will of his
ordinary."
I must also, in this connection, call attention to
the unfairness of my colleague in representing
laymen alone as subject to the penalties of ex-
communication; whereas, not only they, but
priests and bishops, however high in authority,
guilty of the same offense, are condemned by the
same anathema of the Council.
My colleague is fully answered by keeping in
made by a gentlemani
against the Catholic clergy of the United States
and of the whole world. He endeavored to prove,
though in my opinion without success, that their
antecedents had always been hostile to republics
and popular rights, and in favor of monarchy.
In regard to the Catholic laity, he made a special
exception in reply to the following inquiry pro-
pounded by me:
" Have you ever known a Catholic clergyman or layman,
native or adopted, to lake any measures calculated to de-
stroy, or in any way impair, the institutions of this coun-
try ?"
the research, the legislative wisdom of the gentle-
man and his friends, to enact clearer, more di-
rect, or effective measures to secure that end.
What do the civil law and the civil legislators
aim at? What do they enforce, if not simply
legal enactments in the orphan and will courts,
and under severe penalties, that the wish and will,
the end and intention of the testator, in case of
wills and legacies, and of"the devisor, in cases of
conveyances and trusts, be carried out ? If this
be the object to be regarded in such cases—and
no one, I presume, will deny thatit is—then why
In answer, the gentleman acknowledged very complain of these ordinances ?
frankly that he had not. Vet the gentleman,
unconsciously I doubt not, manifested a strong
prejudice against a religious sect in this country,
to whose disadvantage he admits he has nothing
to say, and with whose members, I also under-
stood him to confess, he scarcely has a personal
acquaintance. Now, Mr. Chairman, I propose
this evening to show that this gentleman and his
political associates are, in this matter, laboring
under a strange hallucination equally unfounded
and unjust.
. And first, let me notice the charge of my col-
league, [Mr. Whitney,] that the Catholic bishops
assembled in council at the city of Baltimore, in
Sir, in every case within my knowledge, the
bishops of the Catholic Chufth have directed their
ecclesiastical legislation, their spiritual penalties,
and their direct commands, against abuses, and
against those who abuse the functions of trus-
tees. "Whereas," they say, " lay trustees have
oflen abused the right given by the civil author-
ity. " Take a case to illustrate this precaution
against abuses. Suppose A B, a Catholic, wishes
to give a lot of ground or five thousand dollars
for charitable purposes. Let him be about to die.
He sees a priest, puts the money in his hands,
or the deeds, and dies. Remember that practi-
_ cally and actually it is nearly always through his
the vears"1830^1849,and 1852,passed ordinances i priest that this gift will be made. In suchacase,
subversive of the laws of the United States, and ! if the priest were bad enough, he might appro-
threatenine all those of the faith with the anath- < priat? to himself that which is no more his than
- ■ -« * m—i mine or yours. But much as the priestly order
is denounced, such conduct is not fairly or justly
ema of the Council of Trent if they violated or
usurped the property of the Church. Without
considering the ordinances of 1830 and ^
will tre^t of the ordinanfc^ of 1852, which the
gentleman pronounces the most objectionable of
the three. In order to be perfectly fair, I will read
his own translation of this ordinance, though, in
fact, it is, in some respects, materially inaccu-
rate:
« Whereas the things given to God for the use of divine
worship and works of charity come under control of the
Church, whose duty it is to see that the pious will of the
donors be faithfully executed; and whereas the sacred
canons have oflen defended thein against the usurpations
of laymen, we strictly forbid the interference of laymen
llaiei) in the administraiion of those things, without the
free consent of the bishops, (episcoporum.) Hence, if, not
called to this by the bishop, they usurp them, convert them
to their own use, or whatsoever manner they may be, frus-
trate or defraud the will of the donors; or if they try to
wrest out of the bishop's hands the things committed to his
chargeable to the body, nor even to many indi
viduals.
We might illustrate this ordinance in other
cases; but in all, it would be found to have no
other tendency than to secure the fulfillment of
the will of the donor or testator. These ordi-
nances, in short, merely assert that first principle
which should govern every man, and every court,
and every Legislature—that donations and be-
quests be solely directed to the ends and objects
of those who make them. Here, again, I defy
the ingenuity of the gentleman—I defy that ad-
mirable versatility that has enabled him to direct
his attention to so many phases of this thread-
bare theme—I defy that genius for research,-nay,
for discovery, if not invention, which has enabled
wrcwuui   „ my very learned colleague to quote so many
trust and care, even by'means oj the laws (les,is pasidio)we aut,hors and to illustrate his speech with SO many
define and declare that they fall, ipso tli p - t hames anj great events, the half of which,
(s^ions'^chap. n, Be Re/^matione) on the usurpers if he has even taken but on second-hand, he may
of ecclesiastical property." certainly claim to be called a very well-read man.
The punishment here threatened, the gentleman Yes, sir, I defy all the acumen of my learned col-
tell us,^^nXs than thcM of excommunication, league to find one sentence,one word, that irf not
strongly and plainly directed to the very end to
which our legal enactments and our legal penal-
ties must be directed as long as they are just,
namely, the execution of the will and intention
of those who make trusts or bequests.
Look at the wisdom of the rule on which these
ordinances are framed. There are several parties
interested in the affair—mutually and necessarily
a check upon each other. The priest who receives
the bequests, and knows the intention of the
donor, and who has charge of the property, is
held accountable to the bishop, who, in turn, is
responsible to the cardinals and the Pope for the
faithful performance of his duty, and each oOhem
operates as a check upon the other. Nay, more,
even the Pope is accountable to the cardinals for
the faithful observance of his duties in this re-
spect.
What other Church has adopted such securities
for the proper care of Church donations, accord-
ing to the will of the donor ? And even if there
were not these checks upon carelessness or dis-
honesty, it would be difficult to find men less
liable to peculation for purposes of individual or
family emolument than those who, by their
priestly oath, are forbidden to enter into the cares
and necessities of a father.
Mr. Chairman, the opponents of the Catholic
faith must wrest the very words they quote from
their plain, common-sense acceptation to sustain
their charges. They allege usurpation, and de-
signs of usurpation, where the only design on
the face of the document is to prevent usurpation.
They would convictof injustice those who, judged
by the record itself, are the sternest upholders of
a first principle of eternal justices. They arraign,
as violators of the civil laws, the men who strain
every nerve to protect the very groundwork of
every just law, in reference to the property of the
deceased. I tell the gentleman and his friends
that, in making such charges, they, and not the
council of Baltimore, are the wrong-doers. They,
and not the venerable prelates whom they attack,
are the abettors of injustice; they are the enemies
of society; they are sowers of discord; they are
the firebrands who, in the heat of party strife,
forget the first cares of upright legislators, to
provide for the peace and happiness of the people,
and to prevent or allay every species of popular
excitement; and before heaven and earth they
are more guilty of murder and arson, and more
responsible for the anarchy and confusion that
must follow their doings, than the wretch who
sets fire to the temple of God's worship, or the
fiends who tar and feather his anointed priest.
The gentleman kindly warns us for the future,
and leads back our memories to the past. Ah,
sir, we can retort, and let the future declare who
have been the true readers of history.
As for my colleague's charge, that the Pope
claims the right to interfere in the temporal af-
fairs of Governments outside of the Italian States
under his jurisdiction, Mr. Chandler has already
cited ample authorities, both from American and
foreign sources, in its refutation; and I need only
take from them a single example, which is a man-
ifesto sanctioned by, and emanating from, the
highest authority known to the Catholic Church:
" The Roman Catholic archbishops of Ireland, at their
meeting in Dublin, in 1791, addressed a letter to the Pope,
wherein they described the misrepresentations that had
been recently published of their consecration oath, and tha
great injury to the Catholic body arising from them."
*******
" After due deliberation at Rome, the congregation of car-
dinals appointed to superintend the ecclesiastical aifairs of
these kingdoms returned an answer (of which the following
is an extract) by the authority and command of his holi-
ness :
"1 Most Illustrious and most Reverend Lords and Brothers :
'"We perceive from your late letter the great uneasiness
you labor under since the publication of a pamphlet entitled
"The present State of the Church of Ireland," from which
our detractors have taken occasion to renew the old cal-
umny against the Catholic religion withincreased acrimony,
namely: That this religion is, by no means, compatible
with the safety of kings and republics; because, as uiey
say, the Roman pontiff being the fether and master of all
Catholics, and invested with such great authority, that he
can free the subjects of other kingdoms from their fidelity
and oaths of allegiance to kings and princes, he has it in his
power, they contend, to cause disturbances and injure the
! public tranquillity of kingdoms, with ease. We wonder
that you could be uneasy at these complaints, especially
after vour most excellent brother and apostolical fellow-
lahorer the Archbishop of Cashel, and other strenuous
defeuders of the rights ofth« Holy See, had evidently refuted
