1269
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Civil and Religious Liberty Defended—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
and explained away these slanderous reproaches in their
celebrated writings. In this controversy, a most accurate
discrimination should be made between the genuine rights,
of the Apostolical Sre, ami those that are imputed to it by
innovators of this age for the purpose of calumniating. The
See of Rome never taught that faith is not to be kept with
the heterodox; that an oath to kings separated from the i
Catholic communion can be violated; that it is lawful for
the Bishop of Rome to invade their temporal riglite and
dominions. We, too, consider an attempt or design against
the life of Sings and princes, even under the pretext of
religion, as a horrid and detestable crime." * * * *
At the very commencement of the yet infant Church,
blessed Peter, prince of the Apostles, instructing the faith-
ful, exhorted them in these words: " Be ye subject to every
human creature for God's sake, whether it be to the king as
excelling, or to governors as sent by him for the punishment
of evMoers, and for the praise of the good: lor so is the
will of God, that by doing well you may silence the igno-
rance of foolish men." The Catholic Church being directed
by these precepts, the most renowned champions of the
Christian name replied to the Gentiles, when raging.against
them, as enemies of the .Empire, with furious hatred: We
are constantly praying (Tertullian in Apologet, chap, xxx.)
that all the emperors may enjoy long life, quiet government,
a loyal household, a brave army, a faithful senate, an honest
people, and general tranquillity. The bishops of Rome,
successors of Peter, have uot ceased to inculcate this doc-
trine, especially to missionaries, lest any illwill should be
excited against the professors of the Catholic faith in the
minds of those who are enemies of the Christian name. We
pass over the illustrious proofs of this fact, preserved in the
records of ancient Roman pontiffs, of which yourselves are
not ignorant. We think proper, notwithstanding, to remind
you of a late admonition of the most wise Pope Benedici
XIV., who, in his regulations for the English missions,
which are likewise applicable to you,speaks thus: "The
vicars apostolic are to take diligent care that the mission-
aries behave on all occasions with integrity and decorum,
and thus become good models to others; and particularly
that they be always ready to celebrate the sacred offices, to i
communicate proper instructions to the people, and to j
comfort the sick with their assistance; tnat they, by all
means, avoid public assemblies of idle men and taverns."
* * * «i'jle vicars themselves are particularly charged ,
to punish, in such manner as they can, but severely, all
those who do not speak of the public government with
respect."'
"' England herself can witness the deep-rooted impres-
sions such admonitions have made on the minds of Cath-
olics. It is well known that, in the late war, which had
extended to the greater part of America, when most flour-
ishing provinces, inhabited almost by persons separated
from the Catholic Church, had renounced the Government
of the King of Great Britain, the Province of Canada alone,
filled, as it is, almost with innumerable Catholics, although
artfully tempted, and not yet forgetful of the French Gov-
ernment, remained most faithful in its allegiance to Eng-
land. Do you, most excellent prelates, converse frequently
oh these principles; often remind your suffragant prelates
of them; when preaching to your people, exhort them,
again and again, to hon&r all men, to love the brotherhood,
to fear God, to honor the king ?
"' Those duties ol'a Christian are to be cherished in every
kingdom and State, but particularly in your own, of Great
Britain and Ireland, where, from the benevolence of a most
wise king, and other most excellent rulers of those king-
doms, towards Catholics, no cruel and grievous burden is
imposed, and Catholics themselves experience a mild and
gentle government. If you pursue this line of conduct,
unanimously ; if you act in the spirit of charity ; if, while
you direct the people of the Lord, you have nothing in vie w
but the salvation of souls, adversaries will be ashamed (we
repeat it) to calumniate, and will freely acknowledge that
the Catholic faith is of heavenly descent, and calculated
not only to procure a blessed life, but likewise, as St. Au-
gustin observes, in his one hundred and thirty-eighth letter,
addressed to Marcellinus, to promote the most lasting peace
of this earthly city, inasmuch as it is the safest prop and
Bliield of kingdom. Let those who say (the words are
. those of the holy doctor) that the doctrine of Christ is hos-
tile to the Republic, produce an army of such soldi<*hs as
the doctrine of Christ has required; let them furnish such
inhabitants of provinces, such husbands, such wives, such
parents, such children, such masters, such servants, such
kings, such judges, finally, such payers of debts and collec-
tors of the revenue, as the doetrine of Christ enjoins, and
then they may dare to assert that it is inimical to the Re-
public—rather let them not hesitate to acknowledge that it
is, when practiced, of great advantage to the Republic.
The same holy doctor, and all the other fathers of the
Church, with one voice, most clearly demonstrate, by in-
vincible aiguments,that the whole of this salutary doctrine
cannot exist with permanent consistency and stability, or
flourish except in the Catholic society, which is spread and
preserved all over the world, by communion with the See
of Rome, as a sacred bond of Union, divinely connecting
both. From our very high esteem and affection for you,
we earnestly wish (hat the great God may very long pre-
serve you safe. Farewell.
" ' As your lordship's most affectionate brother,
" 'h. CARDINAL ANTONELLI, Prefect.
" 'a. ARCHBISHOP OF ADEN, Secretary.
" 'Rome, June23,1791.'  
While I'might quote against'the accusation of
my colleague an almost endless array of Ameri-
can Catholic testimony, 1 will confine myself to
two or three citations from the publications of this
very Baltimore council itself. Here, for example,
is an extract from a pastoral letter issued by our
bishops in the sixth provincial council at Balti-
more, held in May, 1846. This is their deliber-
ate official declaration, and cannot be offset by
mere hearsay reports or garbled passages from
newspaper editorials:
" The paternal authority of the chief bishop is constantly
misrepresented and assailed by the adversaries of our holy
religion, especially in tins country, and is viewed with sus-
picion even by some who acknowledge its powerful in-
fluence in preserving faith and unity. It is unnecessary
for us to tell you, brethren, that the kingdom of Christ, of
which the Bishop of Rome, as successor of Peter, has re-
ceived the keys, is not of this world ; and that the obedience
due to thfe Vicar of the Savior is in no way inconsistent with
your civil allegiance, your social duties as citizens, or your
rights as men. We can confidently appeal to the whole
tenor of our instructions, not only in our public addresses,
but in our most confidential communications, and you can
bear witness that we have always taught you to render to
Ccesar the things which are Cesar's, to God the things
which are God's. Be not, then, heedful of the misrepre-
sentations of foolish men, who, unable to combat the evi-
dences of our faith, seek to excite unjust prejudice against
that authority which has always proved its firmest support.
Continue to practice justice and charity towards all your
fellow-citizens—respect the magistrates—observe the laws
—shun tumult and disorder, as free, and not as having lib-
erty as a cloak for malice, but as the servants of God. You,
brethren, have beeu called unto liberty: only make not lib-
erty an occasion to the flesh, but by chtfrity of the spirit,
serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word:
Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Thus you will
put to shame the calumniators of our holy faith, and vindi-
cate it more effectually than by any abstract profession or
disclaimer."
But there is another declaration, made by the
bishops who composed the fifth council of Balti-
more, held in May, 1843, which occurs in an offi-
cial letter addressed to the Pope by the assembled
.American prelates. In that? letter these prelates
i Bay:
j " They spread doubtful rumors against us among the
I people; with untiring efforts they circulate among the
I ignorant and uninformed, books which calumniate our most
holy religion; they leave no means untried to infect with
their eirors their Catholic servants; and * * although
our forefathers poured out their blood like water for the de-
fense of our liberties against a Protestant oppressor, they
yet seek to render ns, their fellow-citizens, suspected by,
and-odious to the Government, by falsely asserting that we
are reduced to servitude under the civil and political juris-
diction of a foreign prince, namely, of the Roman pontiff,
and that we are therefore unfaithful to the Republic!''
And what, Mr. Chairman, think you, was the
Pope's reply ? Was he offended at this 2eal for
religious liberty manifested by his bishops? Did
he launch the thunders of the Vatican against
their presumptuous heads? He certainly would
have done so had he been the raw head and
bloody bones, the horrible monster, which my
imaginative colleague is so fond of contemplating
as the head of our^ioly Church'. No, on the
contrary, the Pope, in his reply, expressly in-
dorses and approves the liberal sentiments of the
bishops. He says to them, " Your letter was
most phasing to us," and then proceeds in high
eulogium of their zeaL
One more extract, Mr. Chairman, will show
the doctrines of our Church in America up to the
latest dates. It is taken from the pastoral letter
of the Archbishop of Baltimore and the bishops
and prelates of the province of Baltimore, assem-
bled in council in May, 1855. Could a more ex-
plicit assertion of religious liberty be made ?
" In the exercise of your rights as free citizens, remember
your responsibility to God, and act as freemen, but not as
having liberty as a cloak for malice, but as the servants of
God. Respect and obey the constituted authortties, for all
power is from God, and they that resist, resist the ordinances
of God, and purchase for themselves damnation. To the
.General and State Governments you owe allegiance in alt
that regards the civil order; the authorities of the Church
challenge youf obedience in the things of salvation. We
have no need of pressing tills distinction, which you fully
understand, and constantly observe. You know that we
have uniformly taught you, both publicly and privately, to
perform all the duties of good citizens, and that we have
never exacted of you, as we ourselves have never made,
even to the highest ecclesiastical authority, any engagements
inconsistent with the duties we owe to the country and its
laws. On "every opportu ne occasion we have avowed these
principles; and even in our communications to the late
pontiff, we rejected as a calumny the imputation that we
were in civil matters subject to his authority."
Ha^ng thus exposed the unfounded nature of
my colleague's charges against the Catholics of
this country, anil against the faith which they
profess, both by argument and the testimony of
the highest Catholic authorities, I will now quote
the sentiments of Washington, and others of the
most distinguished patriots and benefactors of ,
our country, adverse to the positions assumed by
my colleague.
In reply to a congratulatory address from the
Catholic citizens of the United States upon his
first election to the Presidency, the Father of his
Country thus testified his gratitude for their ser-
vices in the Revolution, and recorded his rebuke
of the prescriptive policy advocated by my col-
league:
" As mankind become more liberal, they will be more apt
to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy
members of the community, are equally entitled to the
protection of civil government. I hope ever to see America
: among the foremost nations in examples of justice and lib-
I erality. And I presume that your fellow-citizens will not
I forget the patriotic part which you took in the accomplish-
j ment of their Revolution, and the establishment of their
I Government, or the important assistance they received
I from a nation in which the Roman Catholic faith is pro-
fessed."
| Thepatriot,LaFayette,hasbeenoften reported
; as the author of the sentiment, that " if ever the
liberty of the United States is destroyed, it will
be by Romish priests."
Now, what will the impartial public think,
when it is ascertained that this charge is not
only groundless, but is directly the reverse of
•truth ? It makes the French patriot say, in fact,
directly the opposite of what he did say. Here
is the extract from his letter to a Protestant gen-
tleman in New York, written from Paris in 1829,
shortly after his return from his visit to the
; United States, which tetter, no doubt, gave occa-
sion for concocting the calumny:
"The friendly expressions of regard for my health and
happiness conveyed in your kind letter to me of the 15tli
ultimo, I. beg you to be assured, arc grateful to my feelings,
'■ and I shall cherish the recollection of the many services
I and kindnesses towards me, on the part of both yourself
' and lady, while I was your guest in America, as among the
inost pleasing reminiscences connected with my late visit
to the United States." * * * " I cannot but admire your
; noble sentiments of devotion and attachment to your coun-
try and its institutions. But I must be permitted to assure
! you that the fears which in your patriotic zeal you seem to
entertain, that if ever the liberty of the United States is
1 destroyed it will be by Romish priests, are certainly without
any shadow of foundation whatever. An intimate ac-
quaintance of more than half a century with the promi-
nent and influential priests and members of that Church,
[ botii in England ana America, warrants me in assuring
you that you need entertain no apprehension of danger to
your republican institutions from that quarter."
I The views of Franklin, in regard to the Cath-
olic faith and its believers, may easily be inferred
from the fact that he once wrote a letter to the
! Pope of Rome, soliciting the Appointment of his
; friend Priest Carroll, of Maryland, (afterwards
Bishop Carroll,) as a Catholic bishop in this
country, which letter is found in his published
works.
j Not only do Washington, La Fayette, and
Franklin, fall below the standard of patriotism
I set up by my Know Nothing colleague, but even
his honored leader of other days—the illustrious
Clay—--whose eloquence once held not only this
House, but the whole civilized world,entranced,
as he rolled forth his blasting invectives against
every form of tyranny over the mind or body of
man, and proclaimed in tones whose echoes can
never die within these walls, the principles of
constitutional liberty and eternal justice—even
the great Henry Clay, I say, would not now be
a good enough patriot for my colleague. Listen
to what Mr. Clay said in a letter to the president
of the South Bend College, in Indiana:
" Nor is my satisfaction diminished by the fact, that we
happen to be of different creeds; for I have never believed
that that of Catholics was anti American and hostile to
civil liberty. On the contrary, I have, with great pleasure,
and with sincere conviction, on several public pccasions,
borne testimony to my perfect persuasion that Catholics
were as much devoted to civil liberty, and as much ani-
mated by patriotism, as those who belong to the Protestant
creed."
1 Having thus exhibited the fallacy of the reason-
' ing, and the inaccuracy of the statements of my
colleague relative to Catholicism, allow me, Mr.
[ Chairman, briefly to notice a charge preferred by
him, and by the gentleman from Aleroama, [Mr.
Smith,] directed especially against the Catholic
i clergy.
What has the Catlfolic Church, what have the
j Catholic clergy, ever done for the cause of lib-
' erty ? This question, often flung into the face of
, Catholics as an insult, merely betrays an igno-
rance of history.
, Catholicity and popular liberty. Let me begin
the question by one broad, general proposition,
which I defy any one to refute. When all Europe
was Catholic, many republics existed which were
all Catholic; since Protestantism has arisen, there
is not an instance of a republic among a people
