1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBfo
126&
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Civil and Religious Liberty Defended—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
exclusively Protestant; so that It follows that a
republic nowhere exists without a Catholic ele- |
ment. Protestantism established on a firm basis i
the idea of the divine right of kings, against-which
the CatholicChurch had constantly and unremit-
tingly struggled. Protestantism introduced the
idea of parliamentary omnipotence, which the '
Church manfully opposes, in the belief that there
are inalienable rights which a temporary majority
in a Legislature has no authority to take. away.
The Church has ever sought to guard the liberty
of the people, whether from the despotism of a ;
monarch or the despotism of the many. Protest- 1
antism,on the other hand, has constantly sought!
to favor both forms of despotism, and its clergy '
are in our land the inventors of the caucus. j
Standing armies and national debts, which in
Europe rest like a mountain on the people, are
the fruits of Protestantism, and were never heard
of in Catholic times—times which we approach
when we make both nominal.
Protestantism reigns supreme in Denmark,
Norway, and Sweden. Are they republics? Is
there on the face of the earth a more despotic
State than petty Denmark? Where dp the people
enjoy less liberty than i« Sweden ? What coun-
tries ever punished by fines, forfeiture, and
imprisonment, any change of religion, more
fiercely than these exclusively Protestant States
do now, in the full light of the nineteenth cen-
tury?
1 repeat, that it is impossible to point to a
single republic made up of Protestants exclusively.
Some will remind one of the glorious republic of \
Holland, so long mistress of the waves; but a
large portion of the Dutch ever have been, and
still are, Catholics; and if that republic and the '
Catholic republic of Belgium now stand as mon-
archies, the kingly office was imposed upon them •
by Protestant Powers.
HasCatholicity anythingantagonistictorepub- m
licanism? If so, how did Florence, Genoa, Ve-
nice," Switzerland, San Marino, Andorra, exist,
upheld and sustained by the patriotic clergy, as
well as by their patriotic disciples? If so, how
do Mexico and all the republics of South America
exist? If so, why does Catholicity appear a
necessary ingredient in a republic ? j
It will be objected that these Catholic republics '
refuse liberty of worship, and have an established
religion. So, too, has New Hampshire now; so
had Massachusetts, New York, and many other
of the United States after the Revolution. So,
too, has our own Federal Government, to some
extent, in its Army and Navy, since it imprisons j
the Catholic soldier at Fort Hamilton, and puts i
the Catholic pupil of tUe Navy school at Annap- i
olis in irons for refusing to attend Protestant
worship.
Moreover, a law maintaining a religion which
is the creed of the whole people is, in fact, a dead
letter; but a law forcing on the whole the religion
of a part, is tyrannical, and this no Catholic
State does. England did it and—though in the
reign of Elizabeth the majority of the English
people were Catholics—it has now made the ma-
jority Protestants or mere Pagans, for many
know not of God or a Redeemer. Sweden did
it, and Gustavus Vasa even slaughtered his brave !
Dalecarleans, the men who achieved Swedish
independence, because the heroes, refused to re-
nounce their faith. Denmark did it, and I may
say extirpated the Catholics within her borders, ;
or forced them into Lutheran ism.
These were State acts, long deliberated, long
enforced, till the object was attained; not retalia-
tions in periods of civil war, when men's niinds
were all inflamed and excited. The question of
an established Church is not, then, one which a
Catholic need avoid. No Catholic State ever
acted to its Protestant subjects as England, Swe-
den, and Denmark, have done to their Catholic
subjects.
But have the Catholic clergy ever taken the
part of the people against their oppressors ! The
Catholic church has a head, the Pope; and we
can see by the acts of the Popes whether they
favored tyranny or popular rights. Phe corona-
tion oath was in the eyes of the Church a con-
tract between the prince and his people a con-
tract made in the hands of the Church, with the
Church as judge of its faithful execution. Many
a monarch, from the eighth century to the six-
teenth, was excommunicated for a violation of
his coronation oath; and, in every instance, the i
object of the excommunication wars a tyrant who I
oppressed his people, and invaded popular rights.
Our school-books and histories are all English in
their tone, and that tone came from the court. It
is time that we should seek the truth of history,
and adopt the tone of truth. What names in
English nistory are more constantly held up to
execration than Saint Dunstan and SaintThomas-
a-Becket? Yet, what is the cause? Dunstan,
in the time of Edwinj and Thomas-a-Becket, in
the time of Henry, like Saint Anselm, in that
of Rufus, declared that the individual had rights
which the king could not take away. They were
the champions of English liberty against the
Saxon tyrant, and the tyranny of the Norman.
" There is no law to say such tilings ,
As are not pleasing to the ears of kings," '
was, however, a doctrine as pleasing to the rulers
of England as to the Saracen, and, accordingly,
Dunstan was persecuted in life and reviled after
death. Becket was treated in the same way.
Nay, more; Henry "VIII. could not rest on
his throne till he had Becket, centuries after his
death, taken from his honored grave, and tried
for opposition to kingly power—ay, and con-
demned, too. We have seen how kings treated
Dunstan and Becket. How did the Church treat
these asserters of popular rights ? She examined j
their lives, cand deemed them men"whom she '
could propose to the veneration of the world, and
to this day she honors on the day of their death
the men who dared to oppose the power of
tyrants. I leave il t6 Republicans to decide 1
whether, in this matter, we should follow the ;
court or the Church. For my own part, no less
as a Republican than as a Catholic, I honor Saint
Dunstan, and his successor, Saint Thomas-a-
Becket. I honor them for their individual acts,
flnd as members of that body of clergy to whom,
as Chief Justice Savage, of New York, declared,
we owe the preservation of all our liberties.
All know what the Spanish Inquisition was;
but who, pray, struggled constantly to demolish
its power—to make its proceedings open to appeal
and revision ? Again we find the Popes oil the
side c f popular liberty, and again we find the
advocates of kings reviling those who sought to
abridge their power. Sextus V.is a name almost
as' much loaded with obloquy as a Becket or a
Dunstan; and yet his great crime, i  the eyes-of
Spanish monarchists, was that, with all the res-
olution of his nature, he insisted on the right of
prisoners inf the Inquisition to appeal to Rome;
and threatened to cut off from the Church, of
which he was the head, all connected with the
Inquisition in Spain, if they persisted.
I do not go to hunt up obscure names to parade
before you. I take familiar names; and bid you
look to history, and judge for yourselves, after
such an examination as in a jury-box you would
give a case before you.
There is another priest in history, whose name
is not so familiar, but whose country should pos-
sess greater interest for us as an early American
republic. Iceland was, during the middle ages,
a republic, renowned for the learning of its monks
and clergy, and for being the first country in
modern times to cultivate the vernacular. Its
! language is the oldest spoken dialect which has
a literature of its own. Europe would fain claim
Iceland as a part of her continent; but, if posi-
I tion amounts to anything, Iceland is as much
1 American as the Bermudas or West Indies, and
French geographers give it to us. Here, then,
. is another Catholic republic; and we find that, at
last, when Denmark became a despotic Protest-
ant Power, it reduced tbe Catholic republic to the
i state of a province, and to this day it groans
under the Danish yoke. One bold effort was
made to restore the republic, and the leader of
that effort is chronicled by Danish historians as
, a dissolute, abandoned man. What wonder! he
| was a Catholic bishop that thought popular rights
were too sacred a thing to be blown away by the
breath of a king. For ten years this bishop
manfully upheld the ancient standard of the Ice-
; land republic, and in his blood sank together
j Catholicity and republicanism on the island.
[ Of the part taken by the Catholic clergy here
at the Revolution, I need not speak: there were
no Tories among them; and if Canada did not
join us, it was because the first Congress de-
nounced the Canadian clergy and the Catholic
religion; yet even then many of the Catholic
clergy in Canada favored our cause, and suffered
for it. One, the Rev. Mr. De la Valiniere, was
sent in irons to England, and expiated,by nearly
two years' imprisonment in a prison-ship, his
love of American independence. The Indians,
who had been trained to Christianity by the
Catholic clergy, sided with the Americans; and
Orono, with his Catholic Abenakis, and Micmacs,
from Maine, and the East; Captain Louis., and
his Iroquois, of Caughnawaga and St. Regis
battled for .the freedom of America.
Mexico, when it attempted to throw off the
Spanish yoke, was led by two parish priests,
Hidalgo and Morillo; and republican Mexico
honors them as the first, the purest, and noblest
of her patriot sons.
Belgium gave another jsroof of the sympathy
of the Catholic clergy with popular liberty.
Towards the close of thes last century it was an
Austrian province; but when the Austrians in-
vaded their liberties, the people were headed by
the students of the Catholic theological seminary
of Louvain, and guided by Malon—who after-
wards died exercising his ministry as a Catholic
priest at New York—achieved their independ-
ence, which was wrested indeed from them ere
long by the armies of then infidel France. .
The Catholic Church, in its very nature, is
republican, in the true sense of the word. Her
monastic orders, in which prince and peasant
stand on an equality, in which the superiors are
elected and hold office, generally for a limited
time, show that she accepts, but does not value,
distinctions of birth and rank; and the ex-King
of Sardinia, or the cardinal prince who enters an
order, becomes like those around him—like the
meanest of his own dependants who enters there,
a simple father or brother.
There are a few specific personal charges pre-
ferred by my colleague which I desire to refute
before I close. My colleague says that Bedini
came, by order of the Pope, to this country, to
settle the St. Louis Buffalo church controversy;
a case, as he avers, between the bishop of Buffalo
and the laws of New York. This is not true.
Neither the Pope nor his Nuncio was guilty of
such interference. Bedini stopped in this coun-
try on Ms way to Brazil, to which Government
he was appointed embassador; and although asked
by the people of the Buffalo church to settle their
controversy, he never undertook, nor expressed
a desire to undertake, the duty.
My colleague attributes an atrocious sentiment
to Bedini, asserting that it was uttered during the
Nuncio's residence in Brazil, The statement is,
that Bedini pronounced all mifrriages between
Catholics and Protestants there to be of no force,
and purely adulterous. Now, Mr. Chairman,
Bedini never was in Brazil, and, consequently,
never could have uttered the sentiment ascribed
to him while there. It is true he came on amis-
sion to Brazil, but the ruffianly partisans of big-
otry in this country compelled him to return, in
danger of his life, before reaching his destination.
So much for Bedini, who, I must further inform
my colleague, was no more connected, as he
charges, with the execution of Ugo Bassi, in
Tuscany, than my colleague, o  any other inno-
cent gentleman who may, like Bedini, have been
in that State at the time the execution hap-
pened. This, however,.is but a sample of the
loose assertions of my colleague. In one place
he calls Prussia a Catholic Government, when
every schoolboy could have told, him that the
reigning family is Protestant. Otherwise, how
will he explain the fact, that the King's son has
already* with the consent of the British House of
Lords, espoused the eldest daughter of Queen
Victoria ? Does ndt my colleague know that the
constitution of Great Britain forbids the royal
family to contract any other than Protestant
marriages ?
But my colleague, like other orators of his party,
cannot conclude his speech without a fling at
Archbisliop Hughes,, and the Church property of
New York. He avers that his friend, Erastus
Brooks, has proved that prelate to be possessed
