1264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Rights under the Louisiana Purchase—Mr. Kidwell.
Ho. of Reps.
•f |25,000,000 of Church property; when it is
notorious, by the published statement of Messrs.
Wetmore &Glover, the legal gentlemen appointed
t* examine and report on the subject, that the
entire Church property in charge of that prelate
amounts to $335,000, -which, when unincum-
bered by mortgages, would be but $139,360. So
much, Air. Chairman, for the charge of selfish
aggrandizement brought against the Catholic
clergy; and so much, I may add, for the fairness
and candor of their Know Nothing assailants.
My colleague asserts, with the same breath,
that Catholics offoreign birth vote the Democratic
ticket, and are the secret or open enemies of re-
publican government! Is it, then, true, that a man
cannot be a Democrat without being a traitor to
his country ? If so, then have the destinies of
this great Republic been ruled, with very slight
intermission, for nearly thirty yearp, by an or-
ganized band of ffaitors, consisting of the vast
majority of our population. Catholics can well
afford to be traitors in such goodly company. The
genius of our Constitutfon is in favor of allowing
to every man the largest liberty of opinion in
matters of State policy, without his thereby in-
curring the risk of having his motives questioned
or his loyalty impeached. If any charge could
be consistently made or sustained against this
large portion of ourCatholic population,it would
be, on Uie contrary, that they have been gener-
ally in favor of too enlarged a liberty to tally
with the views of those who profess to belong to
the conservative school; but to charge them with
an intention to undermine our Republic is simply
an absurdity, as glaring as it is malicious and
unfounded. On the other hand, it is well known
that, particularly during the late elections, Pro-
testant ministers have takes an active part in the
canvass. In several instances, they were even
candidates for office, and in some cases elected.
It is they, and not the Catholics, who have thus
attempted to mingle religion with politics; and if
ever there be brought about a union of Church
and State in this Republic, it will surely not be
accomplished by Catholics, but by those pre-
cisely who are foremost in the crusade against
them! Let the lovers of freedom look to it in
time ! The ProteBtant ministers may, in fact, be
said to be at the head of the Abolition party in the
North; and some of them—very amiable gentle-
men, without doubt—I see sitting as legislators
before me now; but I look around me in vain for
«, Representative of the Catholic clergy here.
'Those who are loudest in their denunciations
of "foreign Catholics" seem to forget what
"foreign Catholics" have done for the country.
They have filled our Army and Navy; they have
fought our battles; they have leveled our forests,
peopled our vast unoccupied territory, and filled
our cities with operatives and mechanics; they
have dug our caaals, built our turnpikes and rail-
roads, and have thus promoted, more perhaps
than any other class, the improvement of the
country and the development ofits vast resources;
in a word, they have, in every way, largely con-
tributed towards enhancing the national prosper-
ity and glory.
Mr. Chairman, I am a Democrat and a Cath-
olic, but I can appeal to this House, and to my
constituents, if I nave ever manifested a desire to
abridge the rights of any portion of my fellow-
citizens on account of a difference of religious
opinion or the accident of birth. May my right
hand wither, and may my tongue cleave to the
roof of my mouth, whenever my arm shall strike
a blow, or my tongue lisp a syllable, for this
unholy purpose! Whenever 1 forget to accord
to others those fundamental rights which I claim
for myself, may the Great Father of us all forget
me ! Let me not be considered, then, Mr.Chair-
man, as acting in a clannish or illiberal spirit in
thus vindicating the rights of my fellow-Catholics;
for in vindicating their rights I but vindicate the
constitutional rights and liberties of every Amer-
ican citizen,whetlier Protestant or Catholic. For
let me warn my fellow-Representatives, that, in a
Governmentlike ours, the rights of no class, how-
ever humble they may be, can be assailed without
endangering the rights of all. The persecutor of
to-day, when religious intolerance has fairly
started on its disastrous course, will inevitably
become the victim of to-morrow.
Mr. Chairman, permit me to return my thanks
to yourself and the House for the courteous at-
tention given to my remarks.
Note.—In illustration of the prescriptive char-
acter of th'e Know Nothing party, I subjoin the
following extract from its ritual:
" Question. Will you promise not to associate as a friend
with a Roman Catholic?
" Jlnwer. I will.
" Q. Will you promise not to trade with or patronize a
Roman Catholic, if you knoiv of any Protestant in the same
business ?
"J. I will.
"Q. Will you promise not to marry, nor permit any of
your children to marry, a Roman Catholic, if in your power
to prevent it ?
"4. I will.
"<£. Will you promise to look upon Soman Catholics as
persons whose religion is anti-republican, and whose ob-
jects are, by means of the Jesuits and the priests, to till your
country with their superstitions and bigotry, and thus, by
fear *ad threats, conquer the land left you by the immortal
Wathinrto n !
"J. Iwill."
The resolution passed at the late American con-
vention in February last:
" 5th. No person should be selected for political station
(whether of native or foreign birth) who recognizes any
allegiance or obligation of any description to any foreign
prince, potentate, or power, or who refuses to recognize the
Federal and State constitutions (each within its sphere) as
paramount to all other laws as rules of political action."
Let it explain its own meaning. It ia obvious
to all candid men.
tuted authorities, can determine what shall, and
what shall not, be held as "property" within
herlimits. So with every other State. No State
(with or without the aid of Congress) can dic-
tate to another State what she snail recognize,
define, regulate, make inheritable, and protect as
|i
RIGHTS UNDER THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE.
SPEECH OF HON. Z. KIDWELL, \
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
August 11,1856,
On our Territorial Sights under the Louisiana Pur-
chase of 1803.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the President's annual message—
Mr. KIDWELL *ud:
Mr. Chairman: I propose to reply to some of
the many attacks made in this Hall upon the offi-
cial conductof the Representatives of the southern
i States in Congress—not their conduct during this
I year, or last, but during a long series of years,
I reaching back, indeed, to the formation of the
Government.
| It is charged in many forms, and in almost
I every political discussion, by northern political
puros, that the people of the southern States have
, property which the people of the northern States
prefer they should not own; that the southern
j States are so unreasonable as to refuse to soothe,
' appease, and satisfy this tender " sentiment,"
I by surrendering, without compensation, a prop-
erty larger than all the coin in Europe and Amer-
! ica would pay for; and, further, that the people
j of the southern States, instead of charitably
donating away a property of such extraordinary
: magnitude, in order to cure the extraordinary
1 sentimentsof their neighbors, have sought,during
many years, and in many ways, to " enlarge the
area upon which they may peacefully and legally
enjoy their property.
What shall be recognized and protected as
" property," each nation in Europe determines
for itself. In the United States, what shall be
recognized and protected as " property" is not
determined by the nation, but by each State, and
by each Territory, for itself. No man legally
possesses and owns " property," whether it is
" real, personal, or mixed," but by virtue of the
laws of the State or Territory in which he resides,
or in which"the property.is held.
Many of the ablest jurists hold that property
is possessed by men,independent of the sanction
even of the lawsof States,Territories,or colonies.
; Whether that is so or not, it is absolutely certain
| that the property of citizens was not placed at
i the mercy of Congress, but for two purposes,
I viz: for taxes, and for such small quantities as
| might be actually necessary for " public use,"
' first rendering "just compensation" therefor.
Virginia cannotdetermine what shall be "prop-
erty" in Massachusetts; nof can Congress itself.
Massachusetts alone, through her legally consu-
lt the enemies of the southern States, filled
with envy at southern prosperity, intend to charge
that the southern States seek to enlarge the area
upon which they may peacefully and legally enjoy
their property, by efforts to change, or to sub-
vert the laws of any sister State, the charge is
denied, and the production of proof demanded.
When, and where, and how have southern States,
or their representatives, sought to have the laws
of any free State so changed as to allow of the in-
troduction into such State of southern property?
What Legislature, what large public assemblage,
what leading and wise men, of a southern State,
have ever passed resolutions, or uttered public
addresses, requesting any free State, in the East,
or the West, to so change its laws as to allow the
property of the South to be carried to, and en-
joyed in, such free State? On the other hand,
what free State has not, at some time, passed
resolutions, in some way or another, interfering
with, and injuriously affecting, the property of
the people of the southern States?
No southern State has ever attempted to inter-
fere with, or to change, the institutions of the
free States. But, on the other hand, no free State
can be named that has not, at some time, or in
some way, attempted to interfere with, or to
change the institutions of the southern States.
What has made this difference ? Why has one
party ever been passive and forbearing ? Why
has it never sought to intermeddle with the do-
mestic affairs of its neighbors ? And why has
the other interest been so meddlesome, officious,
and impertinent? Why has it everlastingly sought
to interfere in matters with which they had not,
nor have, the slightest moral, religious, or civil
concern ? Why has the southern portion of these
States ever been governed by non-interferents,
and the northern portion by " busy-bodies-in-
other-men 's-matters ?"
The free States have long and anxiously sought
to " meddle" to an extent that will effect a change
in southern institutions. The southern States
have never sought to " meddle" with, far less to
change, northern institutions. The conduct of
both parties, one meddlesome and the other non-
interfering, cannot be right? Which one is right,
which one wrong ? Which is, in verity, the better
neighbor? Which has, in this regard, the better
observed both the letter^ and the spirit of the
Constitution, which they united in forming?
Which is the " aggressing" and the injuring—
which the injured party ?
If the charge, that the Representatives of the
South seek to extend " southern institutions,"
only means that they unyieldingly insist upon the
legal and equitable right of each citizen of each
State, North and South, East and West, to emi-
grate into any part of any Territory belonging to
all of the States in common, and to carry with
him, and there peacefully enjoy, his religious senti-
ments and his individual property, then the charge
would carry with it no reproach but to him who
uttered it; for it is undeniably disgraceful in one
section to seek, for its own benefit, to exclude
another section from landsowned by them jointly;
if northern men are so full of prejudice and pas-
sion that they will not live in a Territory with
southern men, is it honorable in them to seek,
forcibly, to take ^he whole and exclude us alto-
gether from lands which are as much ours as
theirs ? Such a transaction cannot prosper, for two
reasons; first, it is wrong; and secondly, strong
as the North is, we will not submit to it. We
do not believe that it is the best policy for the
weak to surrender all his rights to an overgrown
aggressor, and be thankful that the aggressor did
not take his life also. On the contrary, we be-
lieve that every man, State, and section, should
stand boldly up and honorably contend for every
just right, no matter how powerful, or how quar-
relsome, may be the party that attempts to invade
such right. And this is the " southern aggres-
sion" of which the Abolitionists and Free-boil-
[ ers complain!
