1268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 5,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Sham Democracy Exemplified—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Reps.
not only trampled upon the doctrines of Christian
peace as unsuitable to the ends of Abolitionism,
but have dragged in their congregations also.
The way of the transgressor is hard; alas for the
Garrisons, the Parkers, the Beechers! This sin,
thus abetted, is likely to be followed by another,
and another, in rapid succession, until, probably,
in a period of time painfully short, the Abolition
communities will become as thoroughly irrelig-
ious as was infidel France at the close of the last
century, when Christian Sabbaths were annulled,
and the Goddess of Liberty was substituted for the
God of the Bible. I see but faint rays of hope
shining out from between the dark clouds lower-
ing so heavily in the sky. 1 fear the wild en-
thusiasts of these days, like those of the France
of 1793, will press hotly forward, and baptize
their theories of " Liberty, Equality, and Fra-
ternity" in oceans of blood. May the parallel
stop there! May the vain struggle, accompanied
by bloody wars, to secure to the idle, the vicious,
and the profligate, an equality with the wise, the
virtuous, and the good, fail to bring forth a Na-
poleon to destroy our liberties! May the insane
efforts to equalize all races, in subversion of the
plans of their Creator, not end in the ruin of our
own!
sham democracy exemplified.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. LEITER,
of ohio,
In the House of Represkntatitis,
August 5, 1866.
The House being in the Committee of lbs Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. LEITER said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not propose to enter elab-
orately into the discussion of the question of
slavery to-night. My purpose is to define the
position of the Democratic party of the North, in
its days of triumph, in connection with this ques-
tion. I, sir, have been either fortunate or unfor-
tunate in being associated with that party—until
within a very few years—ever since I have been
a voter, and always took an active part in pro-
curing the success of its principles. I acted with
/ that party, because it was a party which pro-
fessed a regard for correct principles, and the
advancement of freedom and free institutions, not
only here, but throughout the whole eivilized •
■world. I acted with it until I found that it had re- !
pudiated every principle which was professed by
it, and abandoned every salutary measure it had |
ever proposed, in the region of country where I ,!
lived, and which embraced within its unbounded j;
and enlarged philanthropy the whole .Christian j j
wdrld. Why, sir, we, as Democrats, never could |:
declare strongly enough in favor of the universal j1
emancipation of all men who were held in slavery, j,
We traveled off into Germany, into Austria, into ]
France, into Ireland, into Mexico. All God's ||
creation was too small for us; our philanthropy j
was unbounded. But we had no disposition to j
interfere with slavery in the States where negro j
slavery w%s tolerated. And yet, before I take j
xny seat, I undertake to shew that no party in
this country ever declared so emphatically, and
in sueh strong language, against the institution
of slavery, as did the Democratic party at the
time when I acted with it, and subsequently so
wantonly abandoned its principles and profes-
sions. What they intend to do hereafter I can-
not say. There is no telling what they mean to
do; for to-day we find this same party declaring
in one place in favor of the Cincinnati platform,
which contemplates the enslavement of Kansas,
and in another place we find them declaring,
that if they elect their candidate for President it
will undoubtedly secure the freedom of Kansas.
They have been playing this game of " fast and
loose;" and I intend to-night to arraign them on
a charge of attempting to elect their candidate for
President under wise pretenses. 1 intend to try
them; I mean to convict them; then I shall sen-
tence them; and when November comes, I will
assist in executingthem. Their condemnation is
now written upon the hearts of millions of free-
men of the North, who have with shame been
looking upon the blank picture their conduct pre-
sents. Their condemnation is full, just, perfect,
and overwhelming; and, more than all, richly
deserved. Their frauds upon the people have
been exposed, their deceit has been developed;
and now they stand only as monuments of the
scorn and contempt of an outraged and indignant
people, to admonish all political transgressors
and covenant-breakers that " the way of the
transgressor is hard."
Now, sir, what has been the position of the
Democratic party in regard to this question of
slavery ? Permit me to direct your attention for
a few moments to the campaign of 1852, and to
some of the party doctrines which were,then
issued, in showing -the position of the party at
that time upon this subject, when we had pub-
lished throughout the Northwest — to show his
soundness upon this question — the speech of
Franklin Pierce, made in New Hampshire, with
the New Hampshire Patriot to back it. It showed
that he abhorred the institution of slavery as
much as it was possible for a man to abhor any
wicked thing; that he regarded it as an accursed
institution, and so his party at the North then
regarded it. 1 will not quote the language of this
high functionary on that occasion, in favor of
the position I have taken. I do not think his
indorsement would help me much. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I propose to look at the condition of
the country before the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and, like the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood,] show where the coun-
try was in regard to this question of slavery. Sir,
the agitation of slavery did not commence in 1845,
as stated by that gentleman. At that time, with
these Democratic precedents—with this condition
of the Democratic party at the North, we were
opposed to all agitation of the subject; we ban-
died round, and as far as possible suppressed all
agitation of the subject. It was necessary to
keep the party together, and we all knew it, and
acted accordingly.
When the slavery agitation commenced in
1847-48, after we had acquired this immense em-
pire of New Mexico, California, and Utah, then
we found coming upon us the Wilmot proviso.
Well, what did we as Democrats do ? We had
but one thing to do. The whole sentiment of the
country in the Northwest was in one direction,
and there was no dodging the question; we had
to speak out. Sir, the Democratic party of the
North did speak out upon that subject. I have
before me the resolutions of the Legislatures of
thirteen States, in 1847-'48, in favor of the Wil-
mot proviso.
A Member. Democratic resolutions ?
Mr. LEITER. Yes, sir, they are Democratic ,
resolutions. I presume gentlemen will boldly i
deny the Democratic authority of the resolution* j
passed by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, ]
where that party had a large majority, and, out :
of one hundred and thirty-three members, but
two or three, I believe, voted against the resolu-
tions. I have before me the resolution of New
York, which I will read: j
" Resolution of New York, February 6, 1847. •
« Resolved, That if any territory is hereafter acquired by
the United States, or annexed thereto, the act by which
aaid territory is acquired or annexed, whatever such act
may be, should contain an unalterable fundamental article,
! or provision, whereby slavery or involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime, shall be forever excluded
from the territory acquired or annexed."
This,, sir, is a Democratic resolution, and as
) such I indorse it.
j Now, sir, I will read the resolution of the
i Legislature of Pennsylvania referred to, Febru-
ary 8, 1847:
I "Retolved, That our Senators and Representative* in
! Congress be requested to vote against any measure what-
i ever, by which territory will accrue to the Union, unless,
! as a part of the fundamental law upon which any contract
or treaty for this purpose is based, slavery or involuntary
servitude, except for crime, shall be forever prohibited."
This too, sir, I claim as a Democratic resolu-
tion, and I fully indorse it. If I am not much
mistaken, it expressed the Democratic sentiment
of the*North at that time, and it now expresses
the true Democratic sentiment of that region of
the country.
Now, sir, I will make Ohio speak upon this
auestion, with her two millions of freemen, as
tne firBtrborn under the ordinance of 1787. Her
Legislature, on the 15th of February, 1847,passed
the following resolution:
" Resolved, That tire Senators and Representatives from
this Slate, in the Congress of the United States, be, and
are hereby, respectfully requested to procure the passage of
measures in that body providing for the exclusion of slaverv
from tlie Territory of Oregon, and also from any other Ter-
ntory that now is, or hereafter may be, annexed to the
United States."
" Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
(May 3,1848,)'That the provisions of the ordinance of Con- ,
gress of 1787, so far as the same relate to slavery, should be
extended to any temtory that may be acquired from Mexico
by treaty or otherwise." '
These resolutions, sir, then expressed the senti.
ments of the people of the great State of Ohio—
the empire State of the Northwest. They now
express the sentiments of all her people, except
a few postmasters, political paupers, and depend*
ants upon this Administration, who are howling
for their bread and butter. She, sir, has a pop-
ulation, that for intelligence and patriotism can-
not be surpassed, if equaled, by any State in this
Union. Her voice is for freedom, free soil, and
free men—and it will be heard in due time.
Now, sir, let Michigan speak through her Dem-
ocratic resolution, passed March 7, 1847:
"Resolved, That in the acquisition of new territory,
whether by purchase, conquest, or otherwise, we deem it
the duty of the General Government to extend over the
same the ordinance of 1787, (being the one prohibiting sla-
very northwest of the Ohio,) with all its rights and privi-
leges, conditions, and immunities."
She, too, speaks for free soil and free men, and
join hands with the State of Maine for freedom.
Her resolutions are Democratic and explicit.
Hear them:
" Resolved, That the sentiment of this State is profound,
sincere, and almost universal, that the influence of slavery
upon productive energy is like the blight of mildew; that it
is a moral and social evil ; that it does violence to the rights
of man, as a thinking, reasonable, and responsible being.
Influenced by such considerations, this State will oppose
the introduction of slavery into any Territory which may
be acquired as an indemnity for claims upon Mexico.
" Resolved, That in the acquisition of any free territory,
whether by purchase or otherwise, we deem it the duty of
the General Government to extend over the same the ord-
inance ofll787, with all its rights and privileges, conditions
I and immunities."
These resolutions, sir, cannot be misunderstood
or misinterpreted. I leave them without com-
' ment, as the voice of Maine.
I Now, sir, I will give you the sentiments of the
people of the " old Granite State"—the home of
the President—February 19, 1847:
" Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from this State be respectfully requested to urge
the pasumge of meantes far the extinction of slavery in the
District of Columbia, for its exclusion from Oregon and
other Territories that now, or at any time hereafter, inay
belong to the United,States, for all constitutional measures
for the suppression of the domestic slave trade, and to re-
sist the admission of any new State into the Union while
tolerating slavery."
The sentiments of this resolution are strictly
Democratic, and the whole Democracy of the
North then indorsed them as such.
The people of Connecticut, by their Legis-
lature, on the 29th day of December, 1847, ex-
pressed truly Democratic sentiments in the pas-
sage of the following resolution:
" Resolved, That if any territory shall hereafter be ac-
quired by the United States, or annexed thereto, the act by
which such territory is acquired or annexed, whatever such
act may be, should contain an unalterable fundamental
article or provision, whereby slavery or involuntary servi-
tude, except^as a punishment for crime, shall be forever
excluded from the territory acquired or annexed."
This resolution was, at the time, esteemed as
sound Democracy, and I now so regard it.
The Legislature of the State of Indiana, in
j 1848, passed the following resolution:
" Be it resolved, by the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, That our Senators be instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives in Congress be requested, so to cast their votes
and extend their influence to have ingrafted upon any law
that may be passed for the organization of territory recently
I acquired from Mexico, a provision forever excluding froin
' such Temtory slavery and involuntary servitude, otherwise
than in the punishment of crimes whereof the party has
; been duly convicted."
| And, sir, to show that this resolution was
Democratic, I now refer to the following resolu-
! tions of the Democratic State Convention of that
! State, on the 8 th of January, 1849:
I " Resolved, That the institution of slavery ought not to
i to be introduced into any Territory where it uoes not now
i ""^Resolved, That, inasmuch as New Mexico and Cali-
i fomia are, in fact and in law,freeTerr.ioncs,it is tliedutyof
| Congress to prevent the introduction of slavery within their
| limits."
