1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Shatn Democracy Exemplified—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Reps.
In this instance, the Legislature and the peo- I
p!e have spoken. Yes, the Democracy spoke in ;
due form, and with proper solemnity, and was
responded to with approbation elsewhere, by the j
Democrats of the North. Even little Delaware, i
a slave State, then came to the rescue, by the fol-
lowing resolutions of her Legislature, passed
February 22, 1847:
Whereas, a crisis has arrived in the public affhirs of
this nation, which inquires the foil and free expression of
Uh  will of the people, through their legal representatives :
mud whereas, the United States is at war with a sister Re-
public, occasioned by tlio annexation of Texas, with a view
to the addition of -hive territory to our country and the
extension of the slave power m our Union: and whereas,
in lije opinion of tins General Assembly, such acquisitions
are hostile to the spirit of our free institutions, and contrary
to sound morality : Therefore, be it
'* Rervlved hit the Senate and House of Representatives of
tke Stele of lielmrare in General Jasembly met, That our
Senators and Representatives in Congress are hereby re-
quested to vote against the annexation of any new Terri-
tory which shall not thereafter be forever free from slavery.
•• Remired, That a copy of the foregoing resolution be
transmuted to our Senators and Representative in Con-
gress."
I hare the resolutions of Vermont, New Jer-
sey, Massachusetts, and Wisconsin, which were
passed about the same time, just as strong and
conclusive on this question as any I have read,
but will not publish them at length. Sufficient
evidence has already been given of the sentiment
of the North at that time. .Now, sir, I take it
upon myself to say that this sentiment has not
abated in the least since that time, but has grad-
ually increased ever since,and is now the prevail- j
ing opinion of the freemen of the North. |
Not content with this, sir, I will now enter the I
Cabinet of President Pierce, and brine to the sup-
port of freedom oneofits members, who, in those
days, united his voice with the other freemen of
the North, in behalf of suffering humanity. I
mean the Hon. Mr. McClelland, of Michigan, j
who, in February, 1849, used the following lan-
fuage in the House of Representatives of the
Inited States:
" We have, however, the power to impose taxes upon the
inhabitants of a Territory, to regulate the right of suffrage
in it, and, if we deem it advisable, to legislate for it, without
the intervention of a local Legislature. All these acts of :
the Legislative Council of a Territory are subject to super-
vision, revision, and correction of Congress." + * * |
" I do not subscribe to the opinion advanced by a north-
ern member, that the question of political power alone is
involved; and that we care not how many slaves are
carried into this Territory, provided the political power is
thereby increa^-d. I believe the general happiness, pros-
perity, and advancement, of the whole Union, morally ,
and politically, forbid its expansion. j
■■ The South should be satisfied with the admission of
Texas into the Union, with power to form four more States
in tier territory. This, in time, will be done; and where
is the counterpoise in the North orWest? One State may
be formed in Oregon, one west of [owa and Missouri, and
one north of Wisconsin and Iowa, and all the free territory
that is inhabitable is exhausted. Upper California we
ought, and, in all probability, will have, and it should be
free. Besides other considerations, it is far better adapted
to the pursuits of northern men than to slave labor. Then,
why exclude free labor? Admit the slave, and you expel
the free laborer; for it is follv to think that our northern
men will emigrate to the most inviting country in the world,
where they know they will be compelled to labor side by
side with the slave.
" Now, sir, does not this foreshadow what will come to
pass, unless the initiative steps are taken to prevent it?
Could there be a stronger argument to show the necessity
of our declaring a firm and unchangeable determination not
tamely to submit to the introduction of slavery into any
territory that may be acquired ?"
If this authority does not satisfy my friends on
the opposite side of this House, of the true posi-
tion of the Democratic party at that time, 1 will
adduce other proof. For I take the position, sir,
that then the Democratic party was sound on the
slavery question, but has since apostatized. I
tell you that the Democrats of that day did not
intend to occupy doubtful positions upon that
subject. We intended that it should be under-
stood that we were opposed to slavery going into
any of this vast empire that we had acquired from
Mexico; and we meant what we said. There
was no trouble among ourselves then; we were
all sound upon the subject of slavery. That was
Democracy at that time, and accepted as such by
all Democrats, and it is Democracy now.
Mr. WRIGHT. With the permission of the
gentleman, I want to ask him one question. If
the Democratic party were so unanimous in 1847
and 1848 in favor of the Wilmot proviso, I want
to know what party it was that defeated that
measure?
Mr. LEITER. " I thank thee for that word."
It was the treachery of the leaders of the Dem-
ocratic party to its principles that did it.
Mr. WRlGrHT. Will my friend allow me to
propound another question?
Mr. LEITER. Oh, certainly.
Mr. WRIGHT. The question I want to ask
is this: Whether the Democratic party, at the
time the gentleman alludes to, or at any other
time, ever proposed to introduce slavery into any
Territory of the United States? Will the gen-
tleman let me take the resolution he has just read?
Mr. LEITER. If the gentleman wants to give
an exposition of the principles of the Democratic
party, I will lend him my notes to-morrow even-
ing tor that purpose. [Great laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. But I want to correct the
gentleman. The resolutions he has read do not
meet the point at all.
Mr. LEITER. Then it is my misfortune; but
I claim they do.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that the resolutions he has
read—and I presume all the others are of the
same import—are simply against the introduc-
tion of slavery into the Territories. Now, the
Democratic party has never claimed the power
to introduce slavery into the Territories.
Mr. LEITER. If the Democratic party never
claimed the power to legislate slavery into the
Territories directly, they do now claim it indi-
rectly to the South, and deny it to the North,
and are si this time making speeches there, de-
claring, in entphatie language, that Kansas shall
be free. I see by the papers that onfe Of their
great stumpers in Ohio, (William Groesbeck, of
Cincinnati,) is for freedom for Kansas, and for
that reason supports Buchanan.
I intfcnd to be as brief as possible. I have a
resolutioh, passed on the 8th of January, 1848,
by the radical Democracy of Ohio. I believe
that Sam Medary was a member of the conven-
tion, and a great many other Democrats. It was
a full convention—all parts of the State being
represented. It is as follows:
" That the people of Ohio now, as they have always done
look upon the institution of slavery in any part of the
Union as an evil, and unfavorable to the full development
of the spirit and practical benefits of free institutions; and
that, entertaining the sentiment, they will at all tim«s feel
it to be their duty to use all power clearly given by the
terms of the national compact to prevent its increase, to
mitigate, and finally to eradicate, the evil.
" Resolved, That the Democracy of Ohjo do at the Mkiae
time flilly recognize the doctrine held by the early fathers
of the Bepublie, and Mill maintained by the Democratic
patty in *11 the States, that to each State belongs the right
to adopt and modify its own municipal laws; to regulate its
own internal affairs; to hold and maintain an equal and
independent sovereignty with each and every State; and
that upon these rights the National Legislature can neither
legislate nor encroach."—Democratic Platform of 1848.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Mississippi
whether he does not call this good Democracy?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I will tell you
what I call good Democracy, not only in Missis-
sippi, but throughout this broad Union. De-
mocracy stands on the great principle,of the right
of self-government for all free white men, whether
in Mississippi, in the State of Ohio, or in the Ter-
ritories yet to be organized. We do not believe,
when a gentleman happens to leave one State,
that he loses the right of self-government—that
he has less intellect or less right to the security of
life, liberty, and property. I hope the gentleman
is answered. „
Mr. LEITER. The gentleman, like his party,
is driven to an abstraction. They do not stand
on it themselves. [Laughter.] It may do for
Mississippians, but come up North, and they
will read you out of the party so rapidly that it
will make your head swim. [Great laughter.]
The Democracy of Ohio# are not satisfied with
merely circumscribing slavery; they are radical
in their opinions on the subject; they would mit-
igate the evil, and will finally eradicate it. That
is the party with which I acted, as loving free-
dom better than slavery; but it is not the party
that now claims to be the Democratic party of
that State. In 1854 the Democratic party was
disbanded, and is now known as the Republican
Will the gentleman yield to
Certainly; but I think I am a j
better commentator on Ohio politics than the
gentleman can be.
Mr.WRIGHT. The term " Democracy" was
first applied to the Democratic party as an epithet
of opprobrium; but its brilliant national ana con-
servative policy has commended it strongly to
the hearty approbation and favor of every right-
thinking man. This is so well known, that there
is not a party that has risen now-a-days which,
has not claimed to be somewhat Democratic. In
the North, the name has been assumed as a mask,
under which is hid the horrid face of Abolition-
ism. The name is assumed, not because any of
these parties maintain any of the great principles
of the national Democracy, but they could not
for a moment stand before the American people
were it not for this cloak which conceals their
foul deformity.
Mr. LEITER. The gentleman must be hung
in the fence; he cannot keep still. [Laughter.]
I do not see what he has made by his commentary
on the Ohio resolution. I do not see the perti-
nency of his remarks. Does he think to scare
me by throwing Abolitionism at me ? I am as
far from Abolitionism as he is. I do not propose
to interfere with slavery in the States where it
now is. Is he making a pass at the so-called
Democracy of the North ? If he is, he does them
wrong, for they are for and against slavery, just
to suit the locality and times. They will un-
doubtedly proclaim the gentleman from Missis-
sippi to be in favor of the extension of slavery.
Keep your negroes in Mississippi. I will not
disturb them.
I will call attention now to an editorial of a
paper in Ohio, published at that time. Wait
until I read it, before you guess its author. Here
it is:
"' No Mou Slave States.'—That is our doctrine, ever
has been, and ever will be. We long to see the day when
no bondman, black or white, shall mingle his groans with
our aspirations for universal liberty. ' No more slave States'
is a republican motto, expressive of a republican sentiment
as well as a republican policy."—Plainiealer.
Who do you suppose wrote that article ? It
was not Garrison; it was not Greeley; it was not
Fred Douglas. It was John W. Gray, the editor
of the Cleveland Plaindealer, the present post-
master of Cleveland, and the appointee of Presi-
dent Pierce. It was written by a man now the
head and front of the Democratic party of that
State.  
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the gentleman, in jus-
tice to the Democracy of Ohio, to read the con-
clusion of the resolution which he has referred
to.
Mr'. LEITER. I will print all of it.
Mr. WRIGHT. Does not the concluding
portion of the resolution emphatically state that
slavery is a domestic institution, with which the
State of Ohio cannot interfere, directly or indi-
rectly ?
Mr. LEITER. Certainly. I do not mean to
interfere with it. I will tell you what the man
said who drafted the resolution—that it was a
gull-trap.
Mr. WRIGHT.
Ir. WRIGHT,
me ?
Mr. LEITER.
I suppose it caught the gen-
tleman.
Mr. LEITEft. No, sir; emphatically I say,
no, sir. They don't get me into that trap. They
can't catch me in this Nebraska trap. I am not
to be trapped so easily as that.
The Democratic party adhered to that resolu-
tion of 1848; and when they held their Democratic
convention in Columbus, in 1849, that resolution
was affirmed. It wsit reaffirmed in 1850; again
affirmed in 1851, and adhered to in 1852; and in
1853, when a delegate from the county of Musk-
ingum proposed to pledge the Democracy of Ohio
to the Baltimore platform, it was laid upon the
table by an overwhelming majority—I think by
a vote of one hundred and sixty-eight to twenty-
two. The Baltimore platform was repudiated by
the Democracy of Ohio, and they persisted in de-
claring truth to the world, instead of falsehood and
deception. I acted n^jth them, I voted with them,
and I only regret that from the force of circum-
stances—-from the pressure of official position-
very many of them who this day subscribe to the
doctrine of 1848, have been driven from the true
path of Democracy, and have gone astray, and
are now wandering like lost sheep in the wilder-
ness, doing service for the Mammon of slavery.
