1270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 5,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Sham Democracy Exemplified—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Reps.
But the time had to come for this party to
apostatize, but it was not until they got notice
from a few leader*, under the direction*- of the
board of public w„rks in Ohio, in 1854, that it
was necessary, in order to keep in with the
national Democracy, that they should change
ground in regard to this matter, and take a dif-
ferent position. Consequently, on the 7th of
January, 1854, a few days before the introduction
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, this party met
again in Columbus. Then they were prepared
to pass anything. They passed this resolve:
" Resolved, That this convention, in behalf of the Da-
rn oc racy of Ohio, hereby affirm the platform of resolutions
adopted at the national Democratic Convention which
assembled at Baltimore in June, 1852, as a clear and distinct
declaration of our political principles."
They went to work, and ingrafted upon the
Ohio platform of 1848 the Baltimore platform,
hoping to keep the Ohio Democracy together,
before the Kansas-Nebraska bill was introduced.
They evidently knew it was coming, and prepared
the way. The moment the telegraph brought the
news that the Baltimore platform was "adopted,
that moment I saw that the Democratic party of
Ohio was to be demoralized. Now, sir, they
make up a most remarkable and strange com-
pound. They go to work and mingle slavery
and freedom together, and take a double dose,
and ask every Democrat to take the same quan-
tity. They thought they could sugar over the
Baltimore platform, because they got the Ohio
platform mingled up with it. I publish the res-
olutions of the Ohio platform, adopted by the
Democratic party of Ohio, in order to show that
1 am to-day upon a Democratic platform, and
that the party leaders, and not I, have seen fit to
change upon the subject of slavery. I do not
believe they have changed in reality, though
apparently they have. They evidently intend to
cneat somebody, and I would advise gentlemen
of the South to look to it. They cannot cheat us
in the North; they are detected.
Now, about the time that Mr. Gray wrote that
article which I have read, I took my position in
regard to this question; and I now stand where
1 then stood. 1 was a Democrat then; I am a
Democrat now. I never was a Whig; I respect,
however, the Whigs as a party; but 1 do no*re-
spect them any more than the Democrats do now.
Their respect for. the Whigs is unbounded, for
they do say they were, in their time, absolutely
the most patriotic, most self-sacrificing men who
ever lived upon this earth, according to the dec-
larations of the present so-called Democracy.
If it had not been for the old Whig party, the
Democratic party would never have got through
the struggles which they have passed through.
The time was when I supposed that the Whigs
were opposing us, and attempting to do mischief;
but that must be a mistake; they were the true
patriots, as I now understand the so-called De-
mocracy. That the Whig party was a gallant and
patriotic party, I have no doubt; but I must con-
fess that it is difficult to account for the eulogies
bestowed upon it by its most formidable enemy.
It is idle flattery, and sheer hypocrisy. They
do not believe what they now s#y, or they were
the most consummate hypocrites that ever lived.
That you may be certain that I am a Demo-
crat, 1 will give you what I adopt as my Democ-
racy:
Equal and exact justice to all men.
No slave territory.
No more slave States. •
The General Government relieved from all
responsibility for slavery.
No interference by the General Government
with slavery in the slave States.
No interference with the right of jury trial, the
writ of habeas corpus, and other guarantees of life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, in the free
States.
Slavery left to itself in the States which cherish
it, without any extraneous aid or comfort; to
reconcile itself, as best it may, to the progress of
civilization and Christianity, and to the liberal
spirit of the age.
Freedom for Kansas.
Now, sir, that is Democracy upon which 1
never compromise. Those are principles I in-
tend to live and die by, and they are principles
of the old Democratic party; and I wish now that
every Democrat in this country had adhered to
the principles of that party, as laid down upon
this question in unmistakable language.
Now, I have some resolutions, which were
adopted at Ravenna, where I was nominated for
Congress. I propose to publish them, and per-
haps I might as well read some of them, as there
is good reading in them:
" Resolved, That we regard the repeal of the Missouri
compromise as a gross infraction of the plighted faith of
the nation, while it is inexpedient, and at variance with
the policy of this Government, as laid down by the patri-
otic founders of our Republic.
"2. Resolved, That the repeated and continued encroach-
ments of the slave power in this Government, on the
rights of the North and the interests of freemen, has de-
stroyed our confidence in slavery compromises; and we
feel determined to labor unceasingly, henceforth, for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law, and to prevent the exten-
sion of slavery.
" 4. Resolved, That we will support no man for office
who personally sanctions or preserves his connection with
a political party that sanctions the Kansas and Nebraska
outrage, or any other scheme of slavery aggression or ex-
tension."—September 5,1854.
Now, what is the difference between that and
the resolutions which I read before, in reference
to this question of slavery ? Not any. There
are three of them. I wish I could read them all.
Another set of resolutions were passed at Can-
ton, after 1 was nominated, and they are these:
" 1. Resolved, That the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise is a gross violation of plighted faith, and merits the con-
demnation of all friends of national as well as northern
interests*
"2. Resolved, That our confidence in all compromises
with slavery is destroyed; that the encroachments of the
slave power on the rights and interests of the North must be
checked; and that we will henceforth earnestly and cheer-
fully labor for the repeal of the fugitive slave law, and
against the extension of slavery.
" 3, Resolved, That we will support no man for office
who sanctions and approves the Kansas and Nebraska out-
rage, or continues bis connection with any party sanction-
ing or approving that or any other scheme of slavery aggres-
sion."
I publish these resolutions, so that every one
can see where I stand. Now, sir, I will give you
the platform of my opponent, so that gentlemen
from the South as well as the North can see where
he, as a Democrat, stood. The Democracy of
Stark county, Ohio, on the "20th of September,
1854, held a meeting at Canton, and passed the
following resolutions, (first, the resolution of
1848, which I have read:)
'12. Resolved, That we will use all constitutional means
within our power to prevent the admission into ttils Union
of any of the territory of Kansas, or Nebraska as slave
States."
The proceedings of this meeting are signed by
A. Lynch, President. This m n, Lynch, is
now President of the Buck and Breck club in
Canton.
Lynch wrote a letter to E. Spaulding, their
candidate, inclosing to him the above resolutions,
and he answered as follows:
Ravenna, September 22,1854.
Dear Sir : Yours of the 21st instant, inclosing certain
resolutions adopted by a Democratic meeting in Canton on
the 20th instant, is at hand; and, in reply, allow me to say
that I heartily approve of each and all the above resolu-
tions, and have only to regret that my private engagements
prevented me from being present, to give them my personal
support in your meeting.
Respectfully, yours, E. SPAULDING.
a. Lynch, Esquire.
Now, gentlemen, I am going to bring you down
right along to the beginning of our troubles, when
these managing tricksters of politicians com-
menced", in 1854, to change ground. Do you
recollect, gentlemen, when that provision was
introduced into this Kansas-Nebraska bill, that
; there was one universal condemnation from the
] whole free States of the North, against the act;
i how the people held meetings all over the free
States; resolved and re-resolved, and resolved
again, and instructed their members of Congress
j to vote against the repeal of the Missouri com-
j promise ? The preachers preached against it,
I and the people prayed against it, and thousands
I upon thousands of remonstrances were sent to
j Congress, to save that time-honored compromise
and the cause of human freedom. What good
did all that do ? The great party measure was
about to be carried out. The great wrong was
about to be perpetrated. The fiat had gone forth,
and the deed must be done; and it was done as
required. Men who then occupied seats on this
floor from the North, whose position was even
doubtful on this question—men who were ne-
cessarily absent, and did not vote on the question,
went home, and met a withering condemnation
from their constituents. Those who remained
here, and voted in favor of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, have gone down—down clear
into insignificant oblivion, never more to be heard
of. Their last words have been spoken. Their
last deed as politicians has been done. They are
politically dead and buried—poor fellows! A
political grave, in political oblivion, now hides
them from the scorn and contempt of an indig-
nant people.
Well, now, sir, let us see how this thing stands.
When that proposition was introduced in the
Senate, for the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
the editor of the Stark county Democrat (I speak
of him as a Democrat because I suppose he wants
that name, as he has got-nothing else) published
a long article, which I will read:
" It would seem that Congress and the country are again
to be the theater of a slavery agitation, which, in violence,
threatens to equal, if not surpass, any that has preceded it.
" A short time since, the Senate Territorial Committee
of the present Congress, of which Mr. Douglas, of Illinois,
is chairman, reported a bill for the organization of Nebraska,
repealing the eighth section of the Missouri compromise.
This, of course, throws that vast Territory open to slavery,
and leaves this vexed question in an unsettled state, if the
bill should become a law.
" The Territory to be affected by this proposed action in
Congress extends from the western boundary of Missouri,
Iowa, and Minnesota Territory, to the Rocky Mountains,
and from the British possessions to Texas. It contains an
area of four hundred and eighty-five thousand square miles,
being about twelve times as large as Ohio, and larger by
thirty-three thousand square miles than the Atlantic free-
States. This immense region is fertile and well-watered,
and is situated midway between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans.
" Our readers will bear us witness that we have never
encouraged agitation on the subject of slavery. While we
have always regarded that institution as a monstrous evil,
unfavorable to the development of the spirit and practical
benefit of free institutions, we have always accorded to the
southern States the political right, under the Constitution,
to regulate their internal affairs in their own way. But,
when it is proposed to disturb a solemn compact, having all
the solemn force of a constitutional provision— a compact
sanctioned by an uninterrupted acquiesence of more than
thirty years—a compact entered into at a fearful crisis in
the history of the country, when bold hearts were appalled
at the dangers that menaced the Union, and sagacious
minds struggled to avert them—when it is proposed to act
for the purpose, we think, of opening an avenue for the ad-
mission of slavery into territory which even the South has
quietly considered for the last thirty years as dedicated en-
tirely to freedom, we enter our protest against it.
" At the last session of Congress, Mr. 'Douglas intro-
duced a Mil for (he organisation of Nebraska, which did
not propose to affect the Mtenouri compromise. Why has
he remodeled his last year's bill .' No new circumstances
connected with this Territory have arisen since. That bill
was complete in all its details, and passed the last House by
a very large majority. It failed in the Senate, only because
no direct vote was taken upon it In that body. No mem-
ber of Congress then proposed to interfere with the slavery
prohibition. Even Senator Atchison, of Missouri, a man
imbued with strong southern feelings, in a speech, on the
4th of March last, in favor of taking up the Nebraska bill,
said: ' It is evident that the Missouri compromise cannot
be repealed. So far as that question is concerned, we
might as well agree to the admission of that Territory now
as next year, or five or ten years hence.'
" So far as we can learn, the public sentiment of this
portion of Ohio is a unit oil this question, and opposed to
abolishing the Missouri compromise, and opening anew the
flood gates of the slavery excitement; and we doubt not
the public servants from Ohio at Washington will faithfully
represent that sentiment in their action on this subject."—
(A. McGregor, Editor.)
This editor was then a Democrat, and this arti-
cle was approved by the party. Now, it is hard
to tell what he is; but this is certain, he is no
Democrat. *
The " public sentiment" of Ohio, so far as that
editor knew, was a unit in opposition to the re-
j opening of the agitation of the slave question.
| Well, he stood upon that position, and battled
against the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
until after it had passed.
| Then, the next thing was, " The Kansas-Ne-
braska bill is passed. We were opposed to it.
; It is in a form we cannot approve. But, Demo-
crats, look out. There's danger ahead. I he
Whigs, the Abolitionists, the fanatics of all parts
, of the country, are going to make capital out of
it. They intend to divide and conquer us. stand
firm, Democrats!"
Well, that scared some men, and they went
back. I am going to show a little further about
this same editor. This Democratic editor was a
i member of the senatorial convention which mat
