1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. op Reps.
at Way nesfrorough, in Stark county, Ohio, for
the purpose of nominating a candidate for State
Senator for the counties of Stark and Carroll, on
18th September, 1855. A. McGregor, from the
Committee on Resolutions, among others, re-
ported the following:
"3. Resolved, That the people of this senatorial district
now, as they have always done, look upon slavery as a
vtMrnn? eurse, unfavorable to the practical development
of the benefits of free institutions; and that, entertaining
these sentiments,  vc will at all times feel it our duty to use
all the influence within our reach, not conflicting with the
national compact, to prevent its increase, and finally eradi-
cate the evil."
Now, sir, these eradicators of this withering
curse are claiming to be on the Cincinnati plat-
form to the South; and in the North, they are still
eradicating the evil. In their other resolutions
they are particularly hard upon the Know Noth-
ings. So it is here. Every man must have a hit
at the Know Nothings. That is only done to
divert the attention of the people from their true
position on the slavery question. Now, I am
going a little further. I am going to show that
these Democrats falsely claim to hold to the same
opinions upon this subject that I do; and I am
Bound upon the subject, while they are at best
balancing North ana South. I now read from
the Ohio Statesman, and that is pretty good Dem-
ocratic authority in Ohio.
" Democratic State Central Committee Accord-
ing to previous notice, the Democratic central committee
of Ohio, convened at Columbus, on Thureday, the 26th of
June, at two o'clock, p. m.
" On motion of Colonel Medary, A. McGregor was called
to the cbair, and E. A. King appointed secretary.
" After the transaction of business, the committee ad-
journed, to meet again on Thursday, the 10th day of July,
at the same place. A. McGREGOK, Chairman,
" E. A. Kins, Secretary."
This McGregor, who signed these proceedings
as chairman of the central committee, is the man
■who introduced the Waynesborough resolutions,
denouncing slavery as a withering curse—the
very man who wrote the article which I have
read, denouncing, in such strong terms, the repeal
of the Missouri compromise.
George W. Belden, the senatorial nominee for
that district, made speeches in accordance with
  that resolution, to my certain knowledge, sprin-
kled, of course, with a little talk about Know
Nothingism. Now, this same George W. Belden
represented the eighteenth congressional district
in the Cincinnati Convention; and, we are informed
in the proceedings of that convention, voted for
Buchanan on every ballot. R. J. Atkinson, Third
Auditor of the Treasury, also made a speech ad-
vocating that resolution, and denouncing slavery.
Now, gentlemen, you can appropriate these
facts. Take them, and make the most you can
out of them. You will find that those men in
J 855 stood upon precisely the same platform that
the Republican party now stands on—against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, against the
extension of slavery, and in favor of restricting
it.
Now, sir, I say, that up to the time of the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Demojratic
party of Ohio were strongly opposed to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise. And after its pas-
sage, a large number of those Democrats remained
of the same opinion, and are now Republicans;
but others were postmasters, and of course they
changed; others were editors, with a small amount
of printing, and they changed; others were mar-
shals and district attorneys—they were bound to*
change, and of course did. They turned about,
and became the friends of that bill, and of course
they expected the rest of us to turn about too.
They supposed that all they had to do was to
give the order, "right about face,'' and we should
turn about; but, somehow or other, about eighty
thousand Democrats in Ohio did not understand
the word, and kept going right ahead.
I have a letter here from Mr. Buchanan, in
1848, upon the Missouri compromise, which I
shall publish in part, showing him in favor of
that measure then, and that he did not believe it
unconstitutional:
" In conclusion, I desire to reiterate and reaffirm every
sentiment contained in my Berks county letter. I cling to
tbe Missouri compromise with greater tenacity than ever,
and yet firmly believe that it will be adopted by Congress.
" Yours, very respectfully, JAMES BUCHANAN.
MT. Sahford, Esq."
The Ohio State Democrat, after the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, had a leader in their
paper, disapproving of the bill, which, in part, I
will read:
" Nebraska Bill Passed the Hodse !—The angry and
heated contest has been closed in Congress. The Nebraska
bill, in a form which frankness, consistency, and love of
country, compel us to say. is repugnant to our sense of right,
has passed the House of Representatives, and will, doubt-
less, soon become a law. We had hoped that the bill would
have been so amended as to have given less excuse for con-
tinued agitation by Abolitionists; but regrets are unavailing,
and we submit, hoping that there will be more of' popular
sovereignty' developed in the Territories than we are ena-
bled to find in the bill as it passed the House.
" One good result, at least, has come of this reopening
of the slavery agitation. The attention of the public has
been called to this interesting region, and immense num-
bers of hardy freemen will pour into the new Territories
the moment they are organized. The 1 popular sovereignty'
may assert and maintain its supremacy, despite any clogs
in the bill. The indications now are, that the emigration
to Nebraska and Kansas will be almost without a prece-
dent ; and that the echoes of the late agitation will scarcely
have passed away, before the people of those Territories
will have formed constitutions, and demanded admission
into the Union as sovereign States."
Now, sir, during the time in which this Kansas
and Nebraska bill was under consideration, we
held meetings in almost every town in the State
of Ohio, which were attended by men of all par-
ties; and we made war upon this measure indis-
criminately, disregarding all former party predi-
lections. We denounced the friends of the repeal
as covenant-breakers; violators of plighted faith;
dishonoring the memories of their fathers; and
as unworthy of public confidence. The only trou-
ble we bad, was in finding language sufficiently
strong to express our indignation. But, as soon
as the bill passed, the Democratic leaders, with
the servility of slaves, bowed their necks for the
yoke of the Administration, and denounced all
others who did not do likewise. All these Dem-
ocrats were then acting with me. The fact is, if
they had given me a platform to stand on, I would
be with them now. But the Administration had
knocked us off our platform, and had no other to
give; so we made one, on which we now stand.
I have a number of Democratic platforms. Here
is one from Sumner county, for 1855, denouncing
slavery,* and declaring against its extension.
A Member. What is the date of it ?
Mr. LEITER. It was adopted last fall. It is
current news. [Laughter.] I will give nothing
but what I know to be just as I present it. I
know the position of the Democracy of Ohio is
as I represent it. They represent that they are
opposed to slavery going into Kansas; that many
of them areitt favor of the restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise. Yet they claim to be national
Democrats, and are anxious to draw the southern
Democracy into their support, while others are
doughfaces. I claim to be a national Democrat;
and if to love freedom rather than slavery is a
national sentiment, I am a better national Dem-
ocrat than they are; for I speak my sentiments
boldly and above board, while they claim to be [
all things to all men. In politics I have no debts :
to pay—no favors to ask. I intend to maintain i
my position as a Democrat, and to act with men j
who I believe are of the Democratic party of the '
nation. Gentlemen of the South, you may rely
upon this. These platforms are sent as gull-traps
to catch you. I advise the gentleman from Mis- 1
sissippi that he had better look out for wolf-
traps, as he passes through the tall grass in which
the Democracy of the North has taken refuge,
for fear he may suddenly get his feet into them.
The party in the North will adopt this system
of electioneering.
Mr. WRIGHT. If we cannot trust them,
whom can we trust?
Mr. LEITER. Trust me, and you will not be
cheated. [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. Which of the great parties
of the country ought to be trusted ?
Mr. LEITER. The Republican party is the
one I trust. Some gentlemen are continually
talking of compromises and arrangements that
should be made. We are appealed to, to com-
promise with the enemies of freedom and free
institutions. I, for one, say, Never! never! As
well might the man who stole my horse, and ap-
propriated him to his own use, ask me to com-
promise with him, by his keeping the horse and
its value, and without any punishment for his
crimes, as the men who did this deed could ask
me now to compromise with them.
There is no compromise in the matter. You
have broken the covenants, and thereby outraged
our people; and now we are to be branded as
traitors, because we will not yield all to you, and
then miscall it compromise.
I will give you my compromise. The first
stipulation is, freedom for Kansas forever; the
second, freedom forever for all the Territories,
and their admission into the Union as free Sttites.
No more slave States to be admitted into the
| Union, under any pretense.
If that suits you, I am ready for a compromise;
if not, let us stop negotiations. I have no other
terms, nor have the freemen of the North. Now,
sir, I have shown,by the resolutions of that party,
by the editorials of Democratic editors, by the
proceedings of Democratic conventions, and by
the action of members in high standing in the
party, that in its days of highest prosperity the
Democratic party was anti-slavery in sentiment,
and unmistakably opposed to the extension of
slavery. Then it had the political control of al-
almost every State in the Union. I have shown
j that it has adopted a pro-slavery platform, and
i pretends to advocate the extension of slavery, for
the purpose of drawing support from the South,
and claims to be for freedom and free soil in the
North. Who, then, I ask, is willing to trust such
a party? It is to be hoped no friend of freedom
will.
The people have already repudiated the princi-
ples of that party, and their final overthrow is at
hand.
The scepter has departed, and it is now power-
less in every free State. Is not this a full and
complete judgment of condemnation against that
party? Let the recent elections in the free States
answer. Where are the millions of freemen that
once marshaled under its banners? Where is its
power? Where is its strength? They are gone
forever, and justly so, never to return. The
Union-loving people of all parties are now mar-
shaling under the banners of Republicanism, for
freedom and Fremont. The people have taken
this matter into their own hands, and will exe-
cute their sentence in November next, by the
! defeat of Locofocoism and slavery combined.
POLITICS OF THE COUNTRY.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. HARRIS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
August 9, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
I state of the Union— . #
I Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said: *
Mr. Chairman: It has not been my purpose
i during the present session to occupy the attention
| of the committee or the House with any remarks
upon the exciting questions which now disturb
! the country. I have been content to listen to
others, to give my attention to the personal wants
of my constituents, and vote as I deemed best cal-
culated to promote their interests and the interests
of our common Confederacy. Nor would I now
j depart from that line of action, were it not that
| my colleague [Mr. Norton] has this evening
I made some statements in regard to the Democ-
racy of Illinois which I think ought to be noticed.
But, before I proceed to consider his remarks, I
think it proper to Allude to some observations
made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Fos-
ter,] who has just taken his seat; and I do this,
not only as an act of justice to the great national
party to which I belong, but as a duty to the
whole country. I wish to notice them, because,
he has made allusion to certain matters which lie
at the foundation of the existing state of things
I in this House.
The gentleman from Georgia, in his closing
remarks, uttered what seemed to me to be a taunt
at the Democratic party, because it has been
stricken down so severely in the North, and be-
cause it has so few representatives upon this
floor. Sir, that gentleman stands here as the
representative and advocate of a certain party,
and of a certain set of principles and measures,
