1272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
to which the Democratic masses of the country
are sternly opposed; and yet, if his language
was understood by me, it in effect declares that
he would prefer t, see Democrats on this floor
from the State of Ohio and from the North, than
to see those who are now here from those sections
of country advocating as they do doctrines which
the gentleman so strenuously condemns.
Mr FOSTER. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him ? I simply stated that to show that
the charge made of the rottenness of the Whig
party of the North, and the soundness of the
Democratic party, were not true in fact.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman says that he
made the statement to show that the charge, that
the Whig party was rotten and the Democratic
party sound, was not true in fact. Sir, I make
no such charge. I do not allege that the Whig
party is rotten, or that it ever was rotten. It was
the Know Nothing party that supplanted and
killed off the Whig party, and after having done
that deed, this Know Nothing party, to which
the gentleman belongs, and of which he is a dis-
tinguished advocate, met in National Convention
at Philadelphia, and proclaimed with an air of
triumph to the world, that their party had arisen
upon the ruins of the Whig party. Now, if the
proclamation of the gentleman's party is true,
that the Whig party is in ruins—is dead and
defunct—it is not going far beyond him to say
that it ia rotten. But I make no such charge. It
was left for Senator Wade, the New York Trib-
une, the Courier and Enquirer, and other old
Whig newspapers, to make that declaration, and
to add, that it was not only dead and rotten, but
that " it stinks." These papers now support the
Black Republican Indian beef nominee. So that
these charges came alone from the Know Nothing
National Convention and the Fremont press. The
Whig party, as a party, was upon this slavery
question a national party, and for one I regret to
see it supplanted by any party standing on less
national ground.
But he will find, if he examine the records of
tke election of 1854, when these members from
Ohio and the North were sent here, that there
was not a man run there as a Whig—that his
own party, the secret party—the party of the
dark laatern, combined with the Republican party,
and struck down every Democrat in that State
and in the North. The men who would support
the Constitution of the country—the men who
had steadily supported that system of legislation
which the gentleman himself [Mr. Foster] has
claimed here to support—the Nebraska bill—the
sound Democrats of the North, on every occasion
when these men were candidates nearly, his party
stabbed in the dark, murdered by their mid-
night assassinations, and in their places were put
those trite who are designated here as Republi-
cans, and whose ascendency and power in this
House gives the gentleman such fearful forebod-
ings. And yet the gentleman taunts the Demo-
cratic party with the paucity of their numbers on
this floor. His friends have be«n the assassins
who have butcherid them; and it comes with an
ill grace from him, or from any other of those
who act, or have acted, with him, to taunt the
Democratic party because they are not more
numerous here.
Now, sir, had it not been for the affiliation of
his own party, commenced in 1854, and contin-
uing to this hour—except here and there—with
the Republican party, the Democratic party would
have teen as powerful in this House as it was last
Congress. I defy tkat gentleman to show me one
instance, in the whole North, where a Democrat
was running as a candidate, for a seat on this
floor, but he met the steadfast and persistent oppo-
sition of the party to which the gentleman^be-
longs.
Mr. FOSTER. I will answer the gentleman—
that, in the State of Ohio, Mr. Nichols, Mr.
Mott, Mr. Dat, Mr. Bliss, Mr. Watson, Mr.
Giddings, Mr. Wade, and Mr. Stanton—none
of wjhom were Americans, but all anti-Ameri-
cans—were elected.
Mr. HARRIS. That is dodging the question,
Mr Chairman. Did the gentleman's own party
run any man in opposition to these men ? Not
in one single instance. Did his party vote for
any man in opposition to these men ? Not in a
1 singleinstance. But in every district in the whole
North, these men, who, though not members of
his own party, could lie in the same truckle bed
with them, and lie there together, and propagate
their infamous party power, were supported by
the American party; and in every instance where
regular Democrats supporting the Nebraska bill,
and supporting national principles, were opposing
them, they were as bitterly assailed to advance
the interests of such Qien as G-iddings, W ade, and
the others whom the gentleman has named, who
he says are not members of the American party,
as though they were. This statement, instead of
helping the gentleman, only makes the case ten
times worse, because it shows that his dark lan-
tern friends were not so much intent in advancing
the interests of their own organization, as in aid-
ing the Black Republicans, and in striking down
the national men of the North.
Mr. MOORE. The only reason why, in 1854,
the Democratic party did not receive the support
of the American party was, that the Democratic
candidates fought the American party, and left
this solitary question entirely out of issue.
Mr. HARRIS. Worse and worse! The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Moore,] who is of the
same party of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Foster,] does not deny that th  Democratic can-
didates were sound ana national upon this ques-
tion, which has in its solution the very existence
of the Government, and" yet upon his petty,
ephemeral, oath-sustained policy, he was willing
; to slaughter these national Democrats, and send
1 a parcel of Abolitionists and Free-Soilers here in
preference to such men, because these Abolition-
, ists and Free-Soilers did not oppose, or did in
fact favor, his Know Nothing doctrines.
Mr. FOSTER. Does the gentleman hold that
Congress has power to legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories ?
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman jumps from
' one point to another so rapidly, that it is difficult
to follow him; and these questions put so con-
stantly to every member who rises to the floor,
remind me of an old aphorism—that " examina-
tions are always dangerous, for the greatest fool
may ask a question that the wisest man cannot
answer." But I will answer him openly, and
now. I deny the existence of that power, and
ever expect to. And I deny also that the people
of a Territory have any power to legislate upon
that subject, or any other, except in conformity
j with the Constitution of the United States. To
; this extent they have it,and nofurther, and there
the Kansas-Nebraska bill lets it rest—as it should
do.
|i Individual opinions as to the power of the
! people of the Territories to legislate upon the
I subject of slavery are of very little consequence.
I Of what importance is it that men outside of the
j Territories entertain one view or the other ? Dem-
| ocrats, Whigs, Americans, men of all parties,
j | differ in opinion upon this question of power—
I men in the North differ, and so do men in the
South. If the people of the Territory have the
power under the Constitution, they can exercise
it independent of their organiclaw; if not, no law
can confer it upon them. Lawyers differ as to
j the construction of a law: that does not weaken
! its force. Men differ as to the construction of the
I Constitution itself; but that is no reason for assail-
' ing the instrument. Divines differ as to the true
import of texts of Holy Writ; but that does not
impair our confidence in its authenticity, or its
binding obligations. The gentleman is satisfied
t with the Kansas-Nebraska hill; so am I. Were
I a citizen of a Territory, if I thought proper to
exercise legislative power upon the question of
j slavery, either one way or the other, I should do
j! so. If others were dissatisfied with it, let them
| go to court; and.whatever might be the result,
j every true Democrat would abide the decision of
the highest judicial tribunal of the country,
j But " Paulo majora canimus." My colleague
!■ [Mr. Norton] commenced his remarks by say-
: ing, that Illinois had been silent upon the slavery
I question, or the Kansas troubles, during the
present session, and that it was due that, before
the session closed, the voice of Illinois should be
heard. Well, sir, the voice of Illinois has been
heard—at least the voice of that portion of Illi-
nois which my colleague represents, but who
they are is somewhat difficult to say. His course
here, since we assembled, has been a peculiar
one, satisfactory to himseif no doubt, and that
IB something; but it seems he has not gone far
enough, or else too far, in chasing the woolly
phantoms of the hour, to meet the approval even
of his own party at home; for at their late con-
vention, at which he was a candidate for renom-
ination, and balloted for, he was beaten by the
worst Abolitionist in Illinois. As he is now re-
pudiated by the ver^ men who sent him here, it
is hardly proper to say he expresses their voice.
Whose voice, then, does the gentleman express?
Certainly not the voice of the party that has cast
him aside. Certainly not the voice of the old-
line Whigs, for they bolted, and put in nomina-
tion a better man. Not the Democracy, for they
never utter such sentiments. But the voice of
those whom he professes to represent has been
heard, and what does it say ? My colleague says
that the Missouri restriction was proposed by an
Illinois Senator, and that that restriction gave
peace and quiet to the country; and he further
says, that the repeal of that restriction was pro-
Eosed by an Illinois Senator, and that the repeal
as brought division and difficulty; and he would
have us believe that it has been like
" Achilles's wrath, to Greeks the direful spring
Of woea unnumbered."
Now, sir, I take issue with my colleague on
both his allegations. I deny that his boasted
prohibition of slavery in 1820 brought peace to
the country, and I deny that its repeal has pro-
duced, as a legitimate result, any trouble or diffi-
culty whatever. I assert, and challenge and defy
contradiction, that, until Rufus King, and his
Federal allies of the Fifteenth Congress, attempted
to contract and regulate the domestic institutions
of the people upon the subject of slavery, there
never was, from the adoption of the Constitution
down to that hour, any difficulty among th  peo-
ple of the United States upon that subject. If
there was, when was it, when did it occur ? No
man can tell. My colleague cannot tell. The
strife, then, arose "because a set of Federal poli-
ticians, departing; from the uniform practice in
the legislation of the country, refused admission*
to the State of Missouri, because she would not
shape her laws and constitution to suit the views
of those who had no right to interfere with them.
That very act was tyrannical and revolutionary.
It was resisted by Mr. Clay, General Harrison,
and Mr. Pinkney,and the whole body of national
Democratic statesmen then in Congress. Still
the Opposition in the House, then, as now, bent
on party power, refused to yield to argument,
and, by their force of numbers, held to their un-
justifiable course, and the country was brought
then, by these fanatical graspers for power, to
the verge of disunion. The advocates of this
restriction upon Missouri became alarmed, and
cast about for some means of escape from the
storm they had raised. Then it was that a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives from New
Yorjc first proposed the transfer of the restriction
upon the State to a restriction upon the territory.
It at first met with no favor in any quarter. But
the national men desired to get Missouri into the
Union. They had fought the battle, but were
overpowered by numbers in the House. The
restriction upon the territory was propesed to
them as terms for their surrender, and they were
accepted. There never was any of that spirit
entering into the arrangement which could give
it the character of a compromise. The North said,
" If you will surrender to us the territory north
of 36° 30', we will cease our warfare upon the
people and State of Missouri, and she may come
mto the Union without let or hindrance.' The
South said, " You began this war without any
just cause; you have prosecuted it in violation of
the Constitution; you now propose, men of the
North, to cease your warfare upon the people of
Missouri, and take a restriction against slavery
over an unoccupied country. The treaty of 1803
says, you shall not do it. The Constitution says
you shall not do it. But if you will be content
with that, and let us alone, take it; we will cease
our opposition—surrender upon your terms. We
do it to save the country, and the terms must be
kept withifidclity and honor." Thus waa the
capitulation agreed upon.
