1374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
that report, he will find that it contains an ex-
press declaration that the Nebraska bill is a lit-
eral adoption of the enactments of 1850; and that ,
the measures of 1850 " rest upon the following
propositions:" i
" .First, That all questions pertaining to slavery in the ;
Territories and in the new States to be formed therefrom,
are to be left to the decision of the people residing therein, ;
through their appropriate Representatives, to be chosen by ;
them tor that purpose." j
Now here is all there is in the Kansas-Nebraska |
bill when it became a law—and this was not only ;
contemplated in the original bill, but so avowed j
in the report. "What could be more open, plain, !
and explicit? And yet my colleague talks about
"false pretenses."
But the gentlemen remarked that the Dem-
ocratic party had " changed front" since the
fas sage of this bill. It has not changed front,
t stands now where it stood in 1848, when it
supported General Cass for the Presidency. It
occupies the ground it has always occupied. It
stands now where the Democratic party of Illi-
nois stood in 1851, when its Legislature passed
the following resolution:
" Resolved, That our liberty and independence are based
upon the right of the people to form for themselves such
governments as they may choose; and that this great priv-
ilege, the birthright of freemen, the gift of Heaven, secured
to us by thefilood of our ancestors, ought to be extended to
future generatioft, and no limitation ought to be applied to
this power, in the organization of any Territory of the
United States, of either a territorial government or State
constitution, provided the government so established shall
be republican, and in conlormity with the Constitution of
the United States."
Every man in the House of Representatives of
the State of Illinois, Whig and Democrat, ex-
cept four, voted for it; and among the four was
my colleague. But four could be found to vote
against this noble resolution, and they were called
Abolitionists. (See House Journal, Illinois, p.
123,1831.')
Mr. NORTON. When my colleague says
those four were called Abolitionists, I have to
say, in reply, that the term was never applied to
me. I was a Whig—a Henry Clay Whig.
Mr. HARRIS. That is about all I expected
from my colleague. He need not get up and fly
into rhapsodies, and call himself a Henry Clay
Whig. The noble-hearted Henry Clay would
have spurned such a Whig from his presence.
[Loud applause.] Any man that would vote
against such a resolution, and claim to have
done so on the ground that he was a Whig,
would have had the finger of Henry Clay pointed
at him with scorn. Mr. Clay would have un-
whigged him in an instant. He would have fled
from the presence of that noble patriot by a single
look. But my colleague rises and states that he
voted against the resolution because he 'Wfas a !|
Henry Clay Whig. There were Clay Whigs
who voted for it; I can read their names. They
were W^higs of the olden time. Here is a list of i
them, and I want to put their names on the record.
Some of them may nave strayed off with my col-
league, but the most of them are now acting with '
the Democratic party, or at least hold themselves
aloof from the mongrel herd into which my col- !
league has strayed. Here are their names: |!
Whigs who voted for the " popular sovereignty"
principle, in 1851, in the Illinois Legislature.
Adams, of Whiteside; Allan, of Henry; Arms,
of Knox; Beekman, of Case; Breckinridge, of
Sangamon; Brewer, of Montgomery; Bristow, '
of Morgan; Edwards, of Madison; Emerson, of
Macon; Hamilton, of Calhoun; Hatch, of Pike;
Hodges, of Greene; Knapp, of Scott; Miller, of
Madison; Miller, of Winnebago; Perslnger, of
Schuyler; Pickering, of Edwards; Singleton, ofi
Brown; Thomas, of Morgan; and Thornton, of
Shelby.
And here, sir, in the same goodly company,
are the Democrats who voted for that resolution.
The Democrats who voted for the resolution
are as follows—absent eight:
Bailey, of Edgar; Barnett, of DeWitt; Blakely,
of Effingham; Breese, of Clinton; Burke, of Ma-
coupin; Caldwell, of Gallatin; Casey, of Jeffer-
0on; Carlin, of Hancock; Davis, of Vermillion;
Detrich, of Randolph; Dyer, of Cook; Edwards,
of Sangamon; Evans, of Fayette; Ferj-ill, of
■Williamson; Gash, of Wayne; Hall, of Kane;
Hise, of La Salle; Hobbs, of Adams; Howard,
of Jo Daviess; Huston, of McDonough; Linley,
of Fulton; Little, of Fulton; Morton, of White;
Murphy, of Perry; Nixon, of McHenry; Patter-
son, of St. Clair; Pemberton, of Mason; Phillips,
of Washington; Quick, of Monroe; Randall, of
Will; Sams, of Franklin; Sanborn, of Peoria;
Sibley, of Hancock; Simonds, of Union; Shaw,
of Lawrence; Sloan, of Pope; Snyder, of St.
Clair; Willets, of Henderson; and Winters, of
Greene.
If there is a single one of these Democrats since
swerved from the faith they then professed, I am
not aware of it. And here, sir, are the nays upon
that resolution, and a notable quartet they are
to be sure—call them what you please—"Aboli-
tionists," " Free-Soilers," anything but Whigs
or Democrats: Adams, of Kane; Gage, of Mc-
Henry; Norton, of Will; Swan, of Lake; there
they are; "look at 'em." My colleague, and
three more! And yet my colleague calls himself
a Henry Clay Whig! Why,sir, on the 29th of
January, 1850, Mr. Clay introduced his compro-
mise resolutions in the Senate. Here are three
of them:
"5. Resolved, That it is inexpedient to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia whilst that institution continues to
exist in the State of Maryland, without the consent of that
State, without the consent of the people of the District, and
without j ust compensation to the owners of the slaves within
the District.
" 7. Resolved, That more effectual provision ought to be
made by law, according to the requirement of the Constitu-
tion, for the restitution and delivery of personp bound to
service or labor in any State, who may escape into any
other State or Territory of the Union.
"8. Resolved, That Congress has no power to prohibit or
restrict the trade in slaves between the slaveliolding States;
but that the admission or exclusion of slaves brought from
one into another of them depends exclusively upon their
own particular laws."
Now let us test by the record the whiggery of
my colleague. On the —day of January, 1851,
the following resolution was offered for adoption
in the Illinois Legislature:
"Resolved, That we approve the measures recently
passed by Congress for the adjustment of all the questions
growing out of the acquisition of territory from Mexico;
and that our Senators and Representatives in Congress,
who aided in the passage of those laws, are entitled to the
gratitude and thanks of the State of Illinois for their patri-
otic efforts for the preservation of the Union."
Upon the passage of this resolution my col-
league voted " no, and yet he pretends that he
was a good Clay Whig! Heaven save the mark !
The gentleman said, up to 1854, the Democratic
platform was like that of the Bta^k Republicans.
The assertion is baseless; it has not one particle
of fact to stand upon. What was the platform
erected by those with whom the gentleman acts?
Here is the platform of the convention held at
Bloomington in 1854, which sent my colleague
Kere:
" Resolved, That we accept this issue forced upon us by
the slave power, and in defense of freedom will cooperate
and be known as Republicans pledged to the accomplish-
ment of the following purposes:
" To bring the Admiiistration back to the control of first
principles; to restore Nebraska and Kansas to positions of
free Territories; to restrict slavery to the States in which
it exists; to prohibit the admission of any more slave States
into the Union; to exclude slavery from all the Territories,
over which the General Government has exclusive jurisdic-
tion ; and to resist the acquirement of any more^territory,
unless the prohibition of slavery therein forever shall have
been secured." •
The first State convention of the I?fack Repub-
lican party in Illinois adopted g.s a part of their
platform the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the times Imperatively demand the re-
organization of parties, and repudiating all previous party
attachments, names and predilections, we unite ourselves
together in defense of the liberty and Constitution of the
country, and will hereafter cooperate as the Republican
party, pledged to the accomplishment of the following pur-
poses : to bring the Administration of the Government back
to the control of first principles; to restore Nebraska and
Kansas to the position of free Territories; that, as the
Constitution of the United States vests in the States, and
not in Congress, the power to legislate for the extradition
of fugitives from labor, to repeal and entirely abrogate the
fugitive slave law; to restrict slavery to those States in
which it exists ; to prohibit the admission of any more
slave States into the Union : to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; to exclude slavery from all the Territo-
ries over which the General Government has exclusive ju-
risdiction ; and to resist the acquirement of any more Ter-
ritories, unless the practice of slavery therein forever shall
have been prohibited."
The same resolution was passed, word for word,
by the Aurora convention, on the 20th of Sep-
I tember, 1854; and similar resolutions were every-
i where adopted by these Black Republicans, with
a further resolution " to support no man for office,
under the General or State Government, who was
not positively and fully committed to the support
of these principles, and whose personal character
and conduct was a guarantee that he was reliable,
and who shall not have abjured all party allegiance
and ties." And does my colleague dare assert
that any Democratic organization ever held such
doctrines as these ? He spoke with out reflection
or without information, surely.
Mr. NORTON. Does my colleague wish an
answer?
Mr. HARRIS. I did not ask my colleague a
question. My colleague is exceedingly uneasy
in his seat.
Mr. NORTON. WiH"nfy colleague allow me
to reply ?
Mr. HARRIS. My colleague is excited and
uneasy, and I am not at all surprised at it, after
making such assertions.
Mr. NORTON. I understood my colleague to
ask me a question, and I desire to answer it.
Mr. HARRIS. I have asked him various
questions; and when he has undertaken to answer
them, has flown off upon other matters having
nothing to do with the questions, and I am tirea
of indulging him in that sort of way.
But the gentleman says, if the Missouri com-
promise was repealed in 1850, why repeal it
again? The gentleman will bear in mind that, in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, it is not "repealed."
There is therein only a legislative declaration,
that by the compromise of 1850 the Missouri
compromise was superseded, and was, therefore,
inoperative arid void. It meets the exact ques-
tion, and presents upon the face of the bill what
we declare outside of it. ^ The gentleman went
into an argument to show that it ought not to
have been repealed, in order to make it in con-
formity to the act of 1850. The gentleman will
see that the two Territories could not be placed
upon the same footing unless it was repealed,
either by positive declaration or by legislation
which superseded it. It is said that when we
acquired the territory included in New Mexico
and Utah, it was free territory. I shall not dis-
cuss that point, but certain it is that the bills of
1850 provided " that the legislative power of the
Territories (Utah and New Mexico) shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent
with the Constitution of the United States," sla-
very not excluded. That bill further provided,
" That when admitted as States, the said Terri-
tories should be received into the Union with or
without slavery, as their constitutions should
prescribe at the time of their admission." What
more full and complete power could the people
of these Territories have over the matter of sla-
very than is conferred in this bill, subject to the
Constitution ? And yet, if the Missouri restriction,
as my colleague contends, was in force in Kansas,
will he say that the people of Kansas could have
had equal'power, unless it was repealed or de-
clared void? Certainly not. Then it clearly follows
that, in order to put Kansas and Nebraska upon
the same footing with Utah and New Mexico,
and to make the legislation of 1854 conform to that
of 1850, it was necessary to repeal, expressly or
by implication, the restriction of 1820—if, indeed,
that restriction had any vitality. If the Terri-
tories were to be placed all upon the same footing,
the restriction must have Deen taken off from
them, if it had not been previously done.
The gentleman quotes Mr. Richardson's
speech to show that the Mexican law was en-
forced in Utah and New Mexico. He alludes
also to the speech of Mr. Douglas. But these
were simply expressions of legal opinions ad-
vanced upon the subject. But what ao they say,
and what have they said, all the time? That if
these Territories were free, if the laws of Mexico
were Enforced upon them, then it was unnecessary
to put on another restriction. It was simply for
the purpose of predicating an argument against
those who were acting with my colleague in ad-
vocating the Wilmot proviso. It was one of the
reasons which they advanced against a partial re-
striction in the legislation of the country. Nothing
more, and nothing less. .
The gentleman indulges in quite a ridiculous
train of remarks in regard to squatter sovereignty,
and says there is no squatter sovereignty in the
