1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
bill, because the President of the United States
has power to appoint the Governor, and that some
of the officers of the Territory are not elected by
the people. What does that argument amount
to? The objection of my colleague to the bill is,
not that the people have not popular sovereignty
enough, but he objects that they have any at all.
He is opposed to giving them any ptfwer what-
ever over their own affairs. It does not lie in his
mouth to object that only a portion of power is
fiven to the people of these Territories, because
e objects to their having any power.
" My colleague goes on to another point, and
enlarges upon the mobs in Kansas. Sir, there
have been mobs in Kansas; bu t if there have been
difficulties there, the blame lies at the door of
those who act with my colleague. If blood has
be«n shed upon the soil of Kansas, it lies upon
the skirts and garments of him and his coadju-
tors, as I have already shown. Let them remem-
ber now, and in all future time, that, when reason
6hall have resumed her throne, and excitement
and fanaticism shall have passed away, judgment
will be pronounced upon them as the responsible
parties for all these difficulties.
My colleague makesa long harangue about Law-
rence being sacked. Talk about sacking a town
because a house was burned by a mob! That is
sacking a town ! In nine cases out of ten where
difficulties have occurred, they have not grown
out of aggressive acts upon the part of the people
of Missouri, but out of the acts committed by
those who act under the auspices of the leaders
of the party to which my colleague belongs.
Language has been strained to find terms to excite
the public mind, and to mislead public opinion;
and the terms which my colleague uses are part
and parcel of that vocabulary which has been
brought into requisition by those acting with him,
to operate upon the public credulity.
lie refers to the report of the committee which
was sent to Kansas. I would not give a snap
of my finger for that testimony, so far as it ought
to operate upon any unbiased mind. I had no
confidence in the committee when it was raised,
no confidence when they started, and less when
they made their report. The gentleman says that
emigrants had a right to go into Kansas to make
it a free State. Well, sir, if they had a right to
go there for that purpose, and that purpose alone,
then he must not deny that emigrants had the
right to go there for the purpose of making it a
slave State. But, sir, emigrants ought to have
fone to that Territory as they have gone to Ne-
raska or to any other Territory, ana not/or Uu
purpose of affecting legislation, one way or an-
other. But they not only went there for the pur-
pose of controlling the legislation of the Territory,
but they have organized forces, and marched into
the Territory for the exclusive purpose of shaping
the institutions. This is proof sufficient that all
these difficulties have arisen from the actions of
those who act with my colleague in the settle-
ment of that Territory.
My colleague, if I understood him, made allu-
sion to my ewn position in reference to this
question of slavery. Did my colleague refer to
me?
Mr. NORTON. Does the gentleman desire an
answer to that question, and does he yield me the
floor for that purpose ?
Mr. HARRIS. I only wish to know if the
gentleman alluded to me.
Mr. NORTON. I will state that I did allude
to the gentleman.
Mr. HARRIS. I heard only the closing part
of the remark which a gentleman sitting side of
me said my colleague intended to apply to me. I
will reply to it. He stated, if I heard aright, that
I said in this House six years ago, that the pas-
sage of the ordinance of 1787, and the Missouri
compromise, were southern measures.
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman has asked me
a question, but he allows me to answer only a
part of it. I will say to him, that whatever I have
said, I have treated him with all due courtesy, as
I do every one.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman if he
alluded to me ?
Mr. NORTON. I shall not allow my col-
league to put to me questions requiring categori-
cal answers, unless he allows me to state 
The gentleman had corn-
Mr. HARRIS. Then I shall not allow him to
state.
Mr. NORTON.
menced to say that'
' Mr. HARRIS. My question was a simple
one. I simply asked him if he alluded to me?
I Mr. NORTON. I merely made a quotation
from my colleague's speech, in which he said that
the Missouri compromise measures received a
majority of southern votes.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir, my colleague made
, a " simple quotation," and I have asked him a
; simple question, and he has simply answered it;
j and now I will respond. He findertook to say—
1 and I suppose the report of his speech will con-
) tain what he said—that in the remarks which I
, made in the House six years ago, I stated that
! the Missouri compromise was a southern meas-
,1 ure, and that the ordinance of 1787 received a
1 majority of southern votes.
jj Mr. NORTON. No; 1 did not speak of the
ordinance of 1787 at all. I made a quotation,
i, which I requested Mr. Cumback to read, and
, I which I will have inserted in my printed speech;
| and the force of your remarks was, that a ma-
| jority of the southern men voted for the compro-
j mise of 1820.
;j Mr. HARRIS. That is simply a matter of
historical truth. I stated that such was the case.
I did not, in that argument, either assail or jus-
tify the act. I stated that such was a historical
fact. That fact has been stated on this floor from
all quarters, because it is a matter that every-
body knows. I believed then that the passage of
the Missouri restriction was wrong I believe
that it was the cause of all the trouble which
the country has witnessed from the slavery agita-
tion since that day; and I defy any gentleman
to show that any difficulty ever did exist, on the
question of slavery, until this measure was
sprung upon the country in 1818; and since that
i time, with but a short interval, it has been con-
; stant. I want to see an end of it. I want to go
j back to the early days of the Government—to
j the days when the fathers of the Republic were
j in power— when they refused to incorporate any
I such principle into the legislation of the country.
' We have to go back to that; we have gone back to
; it by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and there, I hope,
we shall remain, and I am sure that there we will
remain. And when the excitement shall have
i passed away, when the whole country becomes
settled down—as certainly it will settle down-
receiving, confirming, and vindicating the prin-
ciples of that bin, we will then have no more of
this agitation about slavery in tRe Territories.
My colleague made an allusion here to a speech
made by Judge Douglas in 1849kin Springfield,
Illinois. It has been quoted by every Abolition
stump-orator, from Maine to Iowa. It has been
quoted by almost every speaker on this floor who
has opposed the Nebraska bill. It has been pub-
lished in italics, in Roman, and in capitals, and in
every other type. In that speech it is alleged that
he declared," That the Missouri compromise had
an origin akin to that of the Constitution of the
United Estates, and that it had become canonized
in the hearts of the American people as a sacred
thing, which no ruthless hand would ever be
reckless enough to disturb." Now, sir, what
are the facts ? That distinguished Senator entered
Congress in 1843. He found the line of 36° 30'
agreed upon as the dividing line between slave
territory and non-slaveholding territory; and
viewing it, as every candid and just mind then did,
as a means of settlement whose whole value
would depend upon its continued application to
new territory as fast as acquired, until it should
reach the Pacific ocean, he had favored its appli-
cation to the Territory of Texas. He had even
acquiesced in its application to Oregon; and yet,
in the winter of 1848-49, the Legislature of Illi-
nois passed instructions requiring him to abandon
that line, and vote to prohibit slavery in all the
Territories acquired from Mexico. He had looked
upon the adoption of that parallel of latitude not
as a mere imaginary line running over a waste of
wild prairie, and a mere expedient for the use of
a moment of peril; he had supposed that it had
been agreed upon as a principle for future appli-
cation. It was true it had been disregarded
by the people of the North already, on several
occasions; but it seemed impossible that it should
be spurned and spit upon, when it offered a means
of settlement acceptable to the South and entirely
just to the North. I think it was a great error
ever to have agreed upon a geographical line to
divide upon a principle; but if acquiesced in, it
might, in 1848, have been extended to the Pacific
ocean, and settled at once and forever the whole
territorial difficulty about slavery. But the North
refused. They rejected their own measure again,
and determined to prohibit slavery by congres-
sional intervention in all the vast regions of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico lying south as well as
north of 36° 30'.
The Legislature of Illinois followed the exam-
ple of most of the other northern States, and in-
structed for that measure. It was in the fall of
1849 that Judge Douglas addressed the people of
Illinois, in Springfield, in opposition to these reso-
lutions. He vindicated his then former support
of the Missouri line, and criticised the policy of
those in the Legislature who proposed to aban-
don it for the policy of universal prohibition.
He was then calling in question such men as my
colleague—who had abandoned, rejected, and
stricken down the Missouri line. Yours were
the ruthless hands that had been reckless enough
i to disturb it—not his. You Free-Soilers, you
Abolitionists of the North, had uncanonized that
act; your ruthless and unhallowed hands had
stricken it down; you were the men that he then
accused of that disgraceful perfidy; and yet,
after you had done it, you turn round, and with
thatdissimulation, hypocrisy, and falsehood, that
characterize all your acts and all your speeches,
you accuse him of being guilty of doing that for
which he then stamped you upon the forehead
with the mark of Cain. You had murdered the
peace of your country. He was then and there
making that very charge upon you, and you felt
its force—the people felt it; and the next Legis-
lature turned round and repealed the obnoxious
instructions against the vote of my colleague—the
vote standing in the House fifty ayes and fifteen
noes:—my colleague being in the negative, and for
disapproving the line of the Missouri restriction.
Mr. NORTON. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him one question at this point ? I am not
very clear as to the precise day of Judge Doug-
las s speech.
Mr. HARRIS. The 23d of October, 1849.
Mr. NORTON. Now, the instructions given
to him were given after that speech was made,
and the resolution rescinding them was passed
two years afterwards—in 1851. I was not a mem-
ber of the Legislature until 1851. I understand
my colleague to say that they were rescinded at
the extra session in 1849.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that very well.
Mj  colleague is simply wrong on that point, as
he is on every other. The resolutions of instruc-
tions were passed at the session of 1848-'49.
Mr. NORTON. That is my recollection.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, my colleague is wrong
as to the date of the resolutions of instruction, as
in all his other statements. The resolutions of
instruction were passed in the winter of 1848-'49.
In the fall of 1849, Judge Douglas went there and
made that speech; and the speech, showing the
manner in which the slavery restrictionists had
stricken down that line with ruthless hand, carried
such conviction to the people, that the next Legis-
lature, elected the following year, turned round
and rescinded them by the vote I have stated.
But my colleague says that Judge Douglas, in
that speech, declared that the Missouri restriction
had " its origin in the hearts of all patriotic men
—that it had an origin akin to the Constitution;
and that it was a sacred thing that no ruthless
hand would ever be reckless enough to disturb."
Judge Douglas made no such assertion. The
reporter, in giving an account of that speech,
strangely mingled up the remarks of Judge
Douglas upon the restriction of 1820, and the
compromise of Mr. Clay, of 1821. But the lan-
guage used by Judge Douglas on that occasion
was, substantially, that it-Was an error to claim
for Mr. Clay the authorship of the line of re-
striction of 1820; that the opponents of Mr. Clay
had asgerted that that honor (if honor it was)
was due to others, as well as to him; that it wag
urged by opponents of Mr. Clay " that it had its
