1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. A Review of the President's Message—Mr. Billvnghurst.
Ho. of Reps.
it a mere delusion to say that she was an acqui-
sition in the special interest of the South !—of
Texas, whilst out of the L'nion, and of the efforts
made to prevent her annexation, as a " system-
atized attempt to intervene in the domestic affairs
of one section of the Union in defiance of their
rights as States, and of the stipulations of the
Constitution." But he boasts that the Consti-
tution triumphed over sectional prejudice and the
political errors of the day, and that Texas came
into the Union with the chosen institutions of
her people.
In the passage of the compromise measures
of 1850, he again eulogizes the Constitution as
signally triumphing, and is especially gratified
that among those measures the fugitive slave
law has invaded the rights of the States—that is,
that that law of Congress, whether unconstitu-
tional or otherwise, which was framed and passed
to please the South, with the knowledge that it
would be -distasteful to the North, does invade
and attempt to nullify the guarantied State rights
of his own section of the Union. For the passage
of this act he assumes to rejoice and be most j
glad.
The Territories of Utah, New Mexico, Wash- ■
ington, Nebraska, and Kansas, are prominent
points of historical review. Incidentally the
President alludes to an antiquated piece of legis-
lation called the "Ordinance of 1787," for the
government of the territory northwest of the Ohio,
as having had a place upon the statute-books for
two or three years, and then been superseded by j j
the Constitution, when it ceased to remain as a j|
law! He is certai) ly entitled to credit for magna- i |
nimity in admitting that a recollection of that |
ordinance existed down to the year of our Lord ji
1820; but there, at that point, the Executive his- | j
torian loses all sight or recollection of it. He, ■,
however, finds another piece of nurt formal legis- i j
lot ion upon the statute-books at that period, grow- ;
ing out of an " evanescent controversy" called i
the " Missouri compromise," of " most doubtful
constitutionality," and he styles it " the dormant
letter of the statute." Capital idea that!
« j «hn fc thee, Jew, for tending me that word V
Yes, it was dormant. It did sleep, guarded,
watched over, protected, undistwrbed, but revered
by the great and good men of the nation for thirty-
three years, until 1854, when it warn about to
awake and take on vitality. Then it was that the
President and his reckless coadjutors gave it the
death-blow. " Dormant!" did he say ? Yes, it
slept, but had another class of as vigilant watch-
ers who made it the sletv thai knew np iwOiSttg.
I will not now go further with his Excellency
into other points of history to which he alludes,
although it might be both profitable and interest-
ing to do so, but will say, just here, that if his
history had been accurate, as well as complete, it
would have saved me much labor. It is a duty
we all owe to our country, as it seems to me,
when we find its history falsified by authors, or
men in high places, to expose and correct it, and
thus, as cotemporaries, occupying responsible
positions in the councils of the nation, supply
any material omissions which we may dis-
cover. , _ , ,
As the humblest of the body I am a member
of I will cheerfully undertake to execute my part
of this duty. And first, I shall speak of the ordi-
nance of 1787, which, the President says, was
superseded by the Constitution, and ceased to
remain as a law, &c.
This ordinance was adopted by the Congress
of the Confederacy. It related to temtory which
had been ceded to the Confederacy. The territory
was outside of the States. The ordinance was an
act outside of the Articles of Confederation; and
that portion of it relating to the slavery question
was, in terms, an express and solemn compact,
as follows:
" It is hereby ordained and Seclared by the authority
aforesaid, that the following articles shall b« c0"f ^ered ^
articles of a compact between the original States and the
Seori* and Stated in said Territory, and forever remain
vnatterabU, unless by common consent.
"Akt 6 There shall neither be slavery nor involun-
tary wervitude in the said Territory, otherwise than in pun-
ishment of crime, whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted: Provided, always, That any person escaping into
the same, from whom labor or service Unlawfully claimed
any one of the original States, such fugitive may be lawfully
I reclaimed and conveyed to the person claiming his or her
! labor or service, as atoresaid.'"
Now I beg to ask what article or section of the
Constitution repealed this ordinance, or how did
the Constitution, which was framed for the gov-
ernment of the States (and not for Territories)
supersede this organic law of the Territory? "Was
it that clause which reads as follows ?
! " Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make alj
needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to tlie United States."
It could not be, for this relates to the territory
as property. It is, indeed, difficult to understand
how the Constitution superseded this ordinance.
So far as the Constitution contravenes any of the
provisions of the ordinance, the Constitution is
unquestionably paramount. As States have been,
from time to time, formed from this territory,
their constitutions, so far as they have trenched
upon the ordinance, have superseded that instru-
ment; but in every one of the States formed
therein, this same ordinance, in some of its fea-
tures, is now self-operative, and so recognized by
j judicial decisions. 1 ask, who of the north-
: western States does not recognize the validity
i of the following clause in it ?
The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and
St. Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same,
shall be common highways, and forerer free, as well to the
inhabitants of said Territory as to the citizens of the United
Stales, and those of any other States that may be Emitted
into the Confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty,
therefor."
Repeatedly has this ordinance been held to be
in force 6} t$ie courts. No new or other legisla-
tion has been had to give it vitality. As States
have been formed, from time to. time, out of this
territory, or within its boundaries, the ordinance
1ms been in force over what of said territory
still remained, and more than once has it been
extended to other territories. It was extended
over Louisiana, with the exception of the sixth
article already referred to.
In relation to this sixth article, and the Mis-
souri compromise, the President discourses thus:
" This provision ceased to remain as a law, for its opera-
I tion as such was absolutely superseded by the Constitution.
I But the recollection of the fact excited the zeal of social
! propagandism in some sections of the Confederation ; and,
I when a second State, that of Missouri, came to be formed
; in the Territory of Louisiana, a proposition was made to
extend to the'latter Territory the restriction originally
applied -to the country situated between the rivers Ohio
! and Mississippi.
i "Moat questionable as was this proposition in qll JW
constitutional relations, nevertheless it received the
l tion of Congress, with some slightmtrfiftcsttmirof line, to
an the exibtuw nj^of tided new States. It waa
leWsteotiy ao^meeced in by southern States as a sacrifice
to the cause of peace and of the Union, not only of the
rights stipulated by the treaty of Louisiana, but of the prin-
ciple of equality among the States guarantied by the Con-
stitution. It was received by the northern States with
angry and resentful condemnation and complaint, because
it did not concede all which they had exactingly demanded.
Having passed through the forms of legislation, it took its
place in the statute-book, standing open to repeal, like any.
other act of doubtful constitutionality, subject to be pro-
nounced null and void by the courts of law, and press-
ing no possible efficacy to control the rights of the States
which might thereafter be organized out of any part of the
original Territory of Louisiana.
" In all this, if any aggression there were, any innova-
tion upoif preexisting rights, to which portion of the Union
are they justly chargeable? .
" This controversy passed away with the occasion, noth-
tne surviving it save th"e dormant letter of the statute. But
lone afterwards, when, hy the proposed accession of the
Bepublic of Texas, the United States were to take their
next step in territorial greatness, a similar contingency
occurred, and became the occasion for systematized at-
tempts to intervene in the domestic affairs of one section
of the Union, in defiance of their rights as States, and of the
stipulations of the Constitution. These attempts assumed
a practical direction, in the shape of persevering endeavors
by some of the representatives of both Houses of Congress
to deprive the southern States of the supposed benefit of
the provisions of the act authorizing the organization of the
State oif Missouri. ,
" But the good sense of the people, and the vital force of
the Constitution, triumphed over sectional prejudice and
the political errors of the day, and the State of Texas re-
turned to the Union as she was, with social institutions
which her people had chosen for themselves, and with ex-
press agreement, by the reannexing act, that she should be
susceptible of subdivision into a plurality of States."
Thus discourses Mr. President Pierce on the
subject of the ordinance of 1787, and the action
of Congress and the people thereon at different
periods since its enactment. He should know,
if he does not, what every intelligent American
citizen knows, that the first Congress assembled
under the Constitution reenacted this very ordi-
nance by the following act, being the eighth act
of that session:
"Anact to provide for the government of the territory norths
west of the Ohio river.
"Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United
States in Congress assembled, for the government oi tne
territory northwest of the river Ohio, may continue to have
full effect, it is requisite that certain provisions should be
made, so sis to adapt the same to the present Constitution
of the United States:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That in all cases in which by the said ordinance any inform-
ation is to be given, or communication made, by the Gov-
ernor of the said Territory to theUnited States in Congress
assembled, or to any of their officers, it shall be the duty
of the said Governor to give such information, and to make
such communication to the Presidentof the United State-*;
and the President shall nominate, and, bv and with tiie
advice and consentofthe Senate, shall appoint, all officers
which, by the said ordinance, were to have been appointed
by theUnited States in Congress assembled; and all officers
so appointed shall be commissioned by him; and in all rn-cs
where the United States in Congress assembled nualu, hy
the said ordinance, revoke any commission, or remove from
any office, the President is hereby declared to have the
same powers of revocation and removal.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in case of the
death, removal, or resignation, or necessary absence of the
Governor of the said Territory, the Secretary thereof shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to execute
all the powers and perform all the duties of the Governor
during the vacancy occasioned by the removal, resignation,
or necessary absence of the said Governor."
All cause of cavil was removed by this act.
! But President Pierce says to Congress and the
! country, " it ceased to remain as a law." I will
! not insult the good sense of the House by at-
i tempting to refute this executive declaration, as
■ everybody knows that the validity of the ordi-
; nance of 1787 "is not to be thus repudiated. Mr.
President Pierce may discharge his puny arrows
at it from now until the 4th of March next, and
the old ordinance will still stand unhurt, and
unbattered even.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I propose to call to the
minds of those who hear me, or who may take
the trouble to read my speech when published,
some recollection of sundry points in our lrgisla^
tive histoiy omitted by the historian-President.
The legislation for Oregon finds no place in his
history;
That for Minnesota has no place in his his-
tory;
That for the two free States to be formed out
of the Territory of Texas finds no place in his
history;
Th*t for California, as a free State, finds none;
The legislation relative to the proviso con-
nected with the settlement of the boundary line
between Texas and New Mexico, finds no place
in his history;
The local Mexican law prohibiting slavery In
Utah and New Mexico, finds no place there;
Nor does the legislation to suppress the slave
trade in the District of Columbia, one of the
compromises of 1850, find any place in his his-
tory.
Oh, no; this most impartial historian-President
could not condescend to give a truthful and an
, impartial history of the legislation of the coun-
Ij try relative to the vexed question of slavery. It
1 was too much for his nerves to bear, just as he
was framing his message with a view to make
a strong and most desperate bid for the whole
southern vote in the Cincinnati Convention. So
he framed his history to tickle the ears of south-
ern politicians. And how have his labors been
rewarded ?
The President, however, deserves to be credited
with the ingenious discovery of a point entirely
new in our legislative history. Or, if he did not
discover or invent it, he had the honor of learn-
ing it and first spreading it before the public, in a
most grandiloquent strain. It succeeds the clause
in the message in which he consecrates the com-
!l promise measures of 1850, and thus reads:
j " Vain declamation regarding the provisions of law for
! the extradition of fugitives from service, with occasional
1 episodes of frantic effort to obstruct their execution by riot
I and murder, continued for a brief time to agitate certaiir
j localities." .
There—that is rhetorical, if not historical. 1
now come to the point:
« But the true principle, of leaving each State and Ter-
ritorv to reeulate its own laws of labor according to its
own sense offit and exped.ency, had acquired fast hold
of the public judgment to such a degree that, by common
consent, if was observed in the organization of the Terri-
tory pf VVfuiiiogtoii."
