1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
A. Review of the President's Message—Mr. Billinghurst.
Ho. of Reps.
to support this law of Congress, and cannot dis-
charge you."
Stripped of all disjniise, this modern Democratic
doctrine of " popular sovereignty" amounts to
this: the extension of slavery into frtt Territories,
by stealthy legislation, or by ruffian force. Each
successive extension is a triumph of the Consti-
tution and the Union, in the estimation of the
President, or it teas so, previously to the assem-
bling of the late Cincinnati Convention. And yet
he tells us that the scope and effect of the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was not left in doubt.
Does it, or will he, tell us whether slavery can go
into the Territoryor not? Does it, or will he, tell
us whether or not the Territorial Legislature can
establish orprohibit slavery ? The doctrine main-
tained by our southern brethren is, that neither
Congress nor the Territorial Legislature have the
constitutional power to prohibit slavery in the
Territories. The Democrats of the North main-
tain that there is nothing in the Kansas and
Nebraska bill which authorizes slavery; while
some contend that the sovereignty conferred upon
the people of the Territory is to legislate upon the
subject of slavery, pro and con., and others still
insist that no legislation can be had on the subject.
Some there are who maintain that the act means
slavery, and others that it means freedom. All
these views, with others too numerous to name,
are divided and subdivided into innumerable
grades and shades, so that scarcely any two minds
can be found to agree in the matter. And still
the President proclaims that'the scope and intent
of this famous and iniquitous act were not left in
doubt !
" And he played upon the harp of a thousand strings,
Spcrits of just men made perfec."
Mr. Chairman, I have now done with the
President, so far as relates to his historical legis-
lative facts and omissions; but I shall endeavor
to hold him up to the public as he is, and to
place before him his own mirror, that he may
take a retrospective glance at himself. I call at-
tention to another part of his message, and it is
a most humiliating duly that I now feel called on
"to perform. When I look back no longer ago than
the year 1852, two years after the passage of the
fugitive slave law, when the two great political
parties of the country, comjfc-ising nearly our
entire population, manifesting a spirit'' that man-
kind are more disposed to suffer while evils are
8ufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing
the forms to which they are accustomed,"agreed
to abide by the compromises of 1850, as a. finality,
and that, under this agreement, the present Chief
Magistrate of the nation was elected by an un-
precedented majority, my heart sickens at his
subsequent political depravity. He has to answer
for a willful and audacious violation of the solemn
promise he made to the country, and upon which
he was elected to the Presidency. He has to
answer for a gross and sudden violation of the
promise he made in his inaugural address, at the
time he was sworn into office, that he would
take care to see the compromise measure, to stop
agitation on the slavery question, and to give
peace to the country, and all other laws, faith-
fully executed. Instead of keeping his sworn
pledge, he has reopened the old controversy,
greatly fomented and embittered public feeling,
and forfeited the respect of the people.
The President's course having involved him in
difficulties, he seeks to extricate himself by mis-
statements, suppressions, and false reasonings;
and to divert attention from his own perfidy,
charges back upon America's freemen who halt
from following him in his iniquitous career, cal-
umnies like the following:
" It has been a matter of painful regret to see States con-
spicuous for their services in founding this Republic, and
equally sharing its advantages, disregard their constitutional
obligations to it. Although conscious of their inability to
heal admitted and palpable social evils of their own, and
which are completely within their jurisdiction, they engage
in the offensive and hopeless undertaking of reforming the
domestic institutions of other States, wholly beyond their
control and authority. In the vain pursuit of ends, by
them entirely unattainable, and which they may not legally
attempt to comuss, they peril the very existence of the
constitution, and all the countless benefits which it has
conferred. While the people of the southern State? confine
their attention to their own affaire, not presuming officiously
to intermeddle with the social institutions of the northern
States, too "many of tbe inhabitants of the latter are perma-
nently organized in associations to inflict injary on the
former by wrongful acts, which would be the cause of war
as between foreign powers, and only fail to be such in our
system because perpetrated under cover of the union.
" Is it possible to present this subject as truth and the
occasion require without noticing the reiterated but ground-
less allegation, thut the South has persistently asserted
claims and obtained advantages in the practical adminis-
tration in the General Government to the prejudice of the
North, and in which the latter has acquiesced? That is,
the States which either promote or tolerate attacks on the
rights of persons and of property in other States, to disguise
theirown injustice, pretend, orimngine, and constantly aver
that thay whose constitutional rights are thus systematically
assailed, are themselves the aggressors. At the present time,
this imputed aggression, resting, as it does, only in the vague
declamatory charges of political agitators, resolves itself
into misapprehension or misrepresentation of the principles
and facts of the political organization of the new Territo-
ries of the United States."
Mr. Chairman, much of this I have answered,
and I do not read it now so much to comment
upon it, as to call to it especial attention—to ren-
der it conspicuous. Do States disregard their
constitutional obligations by enacting laws to
compel postmasters to rifle the mails—by passing ' j
laws to imprison free citizens of other States be- 1
cause of tneir color, and then to sell them into
slavery to pay their jail fees ? Is not the thrust-
ing of slavery upon Kansas, b.y ruffians of slave
States, a departure of attention from their own
affairs, and an officious intermeddling with social %
institutions of other localities? Is the formation
of an association to correct public sentiment i
by moral suasion and the spread of truth, just
cause of war? Has the South nq advantage in j
the practical administration of the General Gov- |
enrirnentj When, by the settled policy of the Senate |
for more than a quarter of a century, no northern
man who has spoken the truth of slavery can
pass the ordeal of its approval ?
There was a time when every American felt a
generous glow of conscious pride at the reflection
that the assertion, " I am an American citizen,"
assured him esteem, respect, and safety at home
and abroad; but since an American President has
sent forth to the world such a message, that gen-
erous glow of conscious pride comes back no
more—his manhood sinks beneath the degrada-
tion, and his self-respect forbids the utterance of
the once proud exclamation, " I am an American
citizen," even as a passport in a foreign land.
It is a new and a curious idea which the south-
ern portion of the present Congress, with the
Executive, entertain, that all who favor the ex-
tension of slavery in any way are the thoughtful
friends of the Union, the true lovers of the coun-
try, the real defenders of the Constitution, the
true and only patriots of the land. This is the
burden of the song which the President sings
all through his message, whilst he stigmatizes
as "fanatics," "agitators," "disturbers of the
peace," " enemies of the Constitution," &c., all
those who love freedom better than slavery, the
prosperity of the country better than their own
indolent ease, and who believe that the Constitu-
tion was framed and intended to secure the bless-
ings of liberty, and who would defend the Terri-
tories against the blighting curse of slavery.
But, sir, the issue is made up. This new party
! test of " popular sovereignty," alias slavery ex-
| tension, that has been inaugurated by this Admin-
i istration, has gathered to its support the Federal
| office-holders—the conservative men,par excellence,
' whether Whigs or Democrats—all the old fogies
I —and, stealing
| " The livery of the court of Heaven to serve the Devil in,"
| they take the name of Democracy, and agree to
i support James Buchanan, in every aspect a most
1 appropriate candidate for such a fusion. He is
Federal, he is conservative, both Whig and Dem-
ocrat, and is eminently an old fogy. The con-
vention that nominated him adopted a platform
of about this purport: ,
1. Opposition to the improvement of rivers
and harbors.
2. Opposition to a national bank.
3. In favor of the veto power.
4. Free religion.
5. Slavery is national.
6. The fugitive slave law must be enforced at
all hazards.
7. No more agitation of the slavery question.
8. Indorses Kentucky and Virginia resolu-
tions of 1799. ... ~ . •
9. Supports Missouri border ruffianism, and in
favor of extending slavery into Kansas by such
means.
10. Compromise measures of 1850.
11. New States with or without slavery.
12. Kansas and Nebraska ditto.
13. In favor of free seas and free trade the
world over, except the Gulf of Mexico, which
shall be free only to America.
14. Europe, Asia, and Africa, keep hands off
from the western hemisphere, or we'll fight.
We are the biggest toad in this puddle, and can
manage all the tad-poles if let alone.
15. We want Cuba; we are strong enough to
take her; therefore she is ours.
16. We will support Walker's government.
17. In favor of building a railroad to Califor-
nia, but for the Constitution.
I believe this enumeration presents, not un-
fairly, the spirit of the Cincinnati platform; seven
of the seventeen points go to show their attach-
ment to slavery.
In process of fusion and to be fused with this
party, is the Know Nothing or American party,
with Millard Fillmore as its nominee for the time
being. As this party, like the Buchanan party,
makes slavery the leading or controlling element
in its political creed, and being the weaker, it will
naturally fuse with the stronger. As evidence
of what it will do in the future, we may judge
by the past and present. In the contest in this
House these two parties fused in their votes for
Speaker, on Smith of Virginia, Oliver of Mis-
souri, Porter of Missouri, and Aiken of South
Carolina. Since the election of Speaker, on all
questions where slavery was in any way involved,
they have Acted together as naturally as if they
were consolidated. In the Brooks, Keitt, and
Herbert cases, they were together. In the con-
tested-election cases of Allen and Archer, of Illi-
nois, of Chapman and Bennett of Nebraska, of
Whitfield ana Reeder of Kansas, they cooperated.
In the Senate, Benjamin, Jones, Pearce, and
Pratt, have gone over to Buchanan. In view of
these facts, for all practical purposes of the ap-
proaching presidential election, it is safe to say
that the Know Nothings, or American party, will
unite with the pro-slavery Buchanan party.
Opposed to this combination the people have
presented Colonel John C. Fremont, upon a plat-
form embodying the following declaration of prin-
ciples:
1. Opposition to the extension of slavery into
free Territories, the admission of Kansas as a
free State, and the restoration of the Government
to the principles of Washington and Jefferson.
2. Maintenance of the right to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness, as the chief end of gov-
ernment.
3. Congress has no power under the Constitu-
tion to legalize slavery in the Territories.
4. It is the duty of Congress to prohibit polyg-
amy and slavery in the Territories.
5. That it is our duty to punish the frauds,
outrages, and usurpations in Kansas.
6. In favor of river and harbor improvements.
7. In favor of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. Chairman, this movement of the people to
bring the Government back to the control of first
principles, is imperiously demanded on account
of the wickedness of this Administration. It is
no party movement—no contest, as of old, be-
tween Whigs and Democrats, about questions of
bank and tariff; but, sir, it is a struggle for civil
liberty—for the rights of man. It reaches fun-
damental principles, the very foundation of our
Government. It is to decide whether the heat
energies—indeed the entire power of this Govern-
ment shall be devoted to the perpetuation of lib-
erty or slavery. There is no half-way work—no
half-way house—no compromise in this struggle.
It is the beginning of the end, and " may God
prosper the right!" ,
Colonel John C. Frgmont, of all men, is the
man for the crisis. He is no hackneyed poli-
tician, but is fresh from the people. The laurels
that crown his brow were earned in no partisan
contest, but were awarded him by the entire
country for his achievements in science—his in-
trepidity of character—his vast discoveries—for
benefits conferred upon his country and the world.
He opened up to view and settlement a vast empire
in the West. He scaled the Rocky Mountains,
