1282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
[August 2,
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. op Reps.
etitution; you invade the most sacred right of
suffrage guarantied to the people by the Consti-
tution ; and the precedent will weaken the bonds,
if it does not, in fact, eventually lead to a disso-
lution, of the Union.
1 have ever been in favor of a strict construc-
tion of the Federal Constitution. But the peo-
ple, from whom all Governments, State and Fed-
eral, derive their powers, are as much interested
in maintaining the Union as in asserting the
sovereignty of the States. They are as much
interested in preserving the Federal Constitution
in its integrity, with all its powers unimpaired,
as they are in guarding against any encroach-
ments upon the rights of the States. Our system
of Government, embracing State and Federal, ia
the most beautiful the world has ever known.
The Federal Government has its own well-defined
orbit in which to move and revolve—the States
have theirs. If they are all kept within their
proper limits and bounds, there can be neither
■ danger nor confusion. If either is permitted to
travel out of its orbit, the equilibrium is lost. An-
archy, confusion, and eventually an entire break-
ing-up of our system will be the necessary con-
sequence. The State constitutions and State
governments fix and determine the qualifications
for offices having their origin in the State con-
stitution. The Federal Constitution and Fed-
eral Government determine the qualifications for
offices having their origin in the Federal Constitu-
tion. This is a rule clear, well defined, and easily
understood. Abandonit, and where will we end ?
This is not so much a question as to my own
individual rights, as it is a question deeply affect-
ing the rights of the freemen of my district. It
is indeed of vital importance to the great bftdy of
electors of the whole Union. The people whom
I claim to represent have repudiated the fetters i
attempted to be fixed upon them by a transient
majority in their State. They have asserted their
right under the Federal Constitution of being left |
free and untrammeled in the choice of their Rep-
resentatives. Shall that right be wrested from !
them ?_ This is a question of no light or tran- {
sient importance. • The decision of it will affect
the people of the whole Union. It may influence
the destinies of unborn generations. It is noth-
ing more or less than whether the freemen, the
great body of electors of this Union, shall be pro-
tected in their right, under the Federal Constitu-
tion, of choosing their Representatives out of the
general mass of their citizeqs, freely, and with-
out any restraint, save by what is found in that
instrument, and thereby have the benefit of the
wisdom of the Fathers of the Republic, or whether
they shall be subject to the whims, the capfice,
the miserable tinkering and cobbling of transient
majorities in the different States, in some af
"which they change their-constitutions and their
laws with almost every full and change of the
moon.
I will not undertake to discuss the question as
to whether Mr. Turney has a right to the seat
which he claims. I will not allow myself to sup-
pose that such an invasion of the rights of the
people is possible. The British House of Com-
mons did once give a seat to a gentleman who
claimed it with a minority vote as Mr. Turney
does now, but the indignation of the electors
of Middlesex, who had thus been virtually dis-
franchised, struck a sympathizing chord in the
breast of every freeman in the empire. The whole
nation was alarmed and aroused. A storm was
raised which shook the British empire, and caused
the tyrant George to tremble on his throne. As
this case had no precedent, it has never been
deemed worthy of imitation. The people of my
district, the American people, are not less jealous
of their rights than the people of the British Em-
pire. To give the memorialist a seat in the House,
with a vote of less than three thousand out of over
thirteen thousand votes polled, would be to strike
a blow at the most vital principle of representative
government.
As, in the determination of this case, the mem-
bers of the House are acting in the capacity of
judges, I have endeavored to confine my remarks
strictly to the legal view of the subject. I would
not be guilty of the gross injustice of supposing
it possible that any membepcould be governed or
influenced by any extraneous considerations in
I determining a grave question of constitutional
I law involving the right of a member to a seat on
I this floor.
| In regard to the second resolution, which pro-
; poses to give per diem and mileage to the con-
! testants, I could not either vote or submit an
j argument without being liable to have my motives
; misrepresented or misunderstood. I will, there-
fore, only remark, in answer to what has been
suggested, that the presence of contestants here
; was not necessary for the purpose of raising this
question, and having it settled. It was raised
,, against Judge Trumbui.l, and has been investi-
M gated and discussed with great ability and thor-
oughness without the presence of any one to claim
his seat. The contestants, too, are setting up
claims to seats which, if they had technically a
legal title thereto, they could not accept without
dishonor, and a violation of the fundamental prin-
: ciple of representative government. If, in view
of these facts, it is the pleasure of the House to
| give the per diem and mileage usually allowed to
j contestants, I have no disposition to interpose
any objection.
>  
!! RESTORATION OF THE MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
|j SPEECH OF HON. JOHN U. PETTIT,
' OF INDIANA,
In the HotrsE of Representatives,
. August 2,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union— •
Mr. PETTIT said:
Mr. Chairman: I propose referring—and for
the reason, only, that it has a direct and immedi-
ate connection with the most pressing exigency
of legislation—to the means and motives that
moved the passage of the Nebraska-Kansas bill;
to the mischievous consequences, without a single
benefit to any one, that have flowed from it,
without intermission and with steady augmenta-
tion; and to express, with much respect to the
differing opinions of others, my own opinion in
favor of repealing so much of it as shall restore
the 'Missouri compromise, as the sure means of
bringing back the national peace and happiness.
In speaking of the Nebraska-Kansas bill, and
in my present condemnation of it, I do not mean
to embrace the provisions of it that are confined,
though with many details, to establishing terri-
j torial governments for Kansas and Nebraska,
creating functions and officers of government, and
clothing their inhabitants with certain limited
privileges of making and administering their own
laws. In all these things the provisions of the
law are well enough, or only of questionable ex-
u pediency. All persons alike, whether friendly to
the repeal of the Missouri compromise or not,
accede, in the main, to the propriety of this legis-
lation. We have all long telt an honest national
pride at seeing our civilization, rejoicing in con-
scious freedom and strength, going steadily West,
and at length beginning to occupy the unpeopled
and almost illimitable plains that stretch away
beyond the Missouri. The time was ripe for es-
tablishing territorial governments there. All
were agreed in this; and it has been no matter of
objection to that law that it ordained governments
for Kansas and Nebraska. Nor has it been an
objection that, during the territorial condition,
which is only the infancy of a State, and when,
according to Burke's nervous expression, the
State has not yet hardened into the bone and
gristle of manhood, two of the departments of the
Government, the executive and the judicial, were
wholly lodged in the appointment of the Presi-
dent of the United States, without any consent of
the people of the Territories; for, by maintaining
so much of sovereignty over the Territories, after
their being erected into governments, the Federal
authority has been able to repress such anomalies
of condition, as that gross and barbarian one in
Utah that now shocks the national sense so much,
and to cultivate their assimilation to the States
preparatory to admission. And, especially, it
nas been no objection to the law from the people
of the free States, where the sovereignty of the
people is so much a principle and a fact, that it
delegated limited powers of government to the
people of the Territories, who are best acquainted
with their own convenience^ and wants. If, in
organizing the territorial governments, it had any
fault, it was that it gave the people too little power.
Iq all these respects, just such territorial govern-
ments had been established, and just such powers
of legislation had been conveyed to the inhabit-
ants of the Territories, by every law creating a
territorial government since the Constitution.
There was no novelty in this—nothing that incul-
cated any new principle or adopted any new prac-
tice. The Nebraska-Kansas bill, in the frame-
work of territorial government it established in
its functions and offices—in its executive, judi-
ciary, and Legislature—did for Kansas and Ne-
braska what the ordinance of July 13, 1787,
reaffirmed, in all its parts, by the first Congress
under the Constitution, did for the Northwest
Territory—what the act of June 12, 1838, estab-
lishing the Territory of Iowa, did for that Terri-
tory—what the act of August 14,1848, establishing
Oregon Territory, di(Lfor that Territory. Indeed,
in these respects, the Kansas bill is, in "words, the
very same, principally, and where it is not in the
very words, is without any fundamental or sub-
stantial difference from the laws organizing the
Territories of Iowaand Oregon. In the quantity
of words, nine tenths of that statute might be
permitted to stand, without grave objection from
any quarter. It deserves, therefore, to be under-
stood, that the general animadversion of that law
does not" extend to so much of it as only incor-
porates in it what has been incorporated in every
other territorial bill, has now grown into ancient
use, and has been heartily approved by the suc-
cessful experience of three quarters of a century.
When, therefore, I now speak of this law, I do
it with reference to none of these, but with refer-
ence to its popular sense, and to that great fact,
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, that
characterizes it and makes it badly eminent. - I
allude to it, with reference to this, its paramount
object and accomplishment. I confine myself to
that handful of words in the fourteenth and thir-
ty-second sections of the act by which this great
wrong was done—words pregnant with more
perilicious meaning and consequences than were
ever housed in the same compass in any statute.
Within this de|pition, the Nebraska-Kansas
bill deserves to stand accused of the public dis-
orders that now afflict us and endanger our safety.
The union and harmony of such a people as ours,
wide-spread, and with different and sometimes
conflicting interests, depends on generous con-
cessions and compromises, and the observance
of good faith. This law entered like a thief in
the night, and struck down a compromise, older
than many of us, entered into at a moment of
public dissension like this, and written on the
statute-book bty the purest and wisest men of the
best age of the Republic, to be read and known
of all men as a perpetual gage of future peace,
and taught us that public faith was only the pol-
itician's toy. The land was at peace. It has
destroyed that peace, and spread the face of the
sky with storms. It has made a war of sections.
It has made a war of interests. It has impaired and
narrowed the privilege of American citizenship,
not pent up in State lines, but extended by the
Constitution to the uttermost inch of the whole
length and breadth of the national dominion. It
has obstructed the great highways of emigration
and commerce, and prostituted State sovereignty
into the oppression of the citizen. It has robbed
him of the immunity and protection of the law.
It has exposed him to insult, and covered his
person with indignities. It has fettered his speech.
It has explofed his thoughts, and made his free
instincts a crime. It has bound him in bonds,
and shut him up in prison. It has made even
his prison a sanctuary from the fury of its own
engendered banditti, lawlessly exalted into un-
questioned sovereignty. It has butchered him in
his house, in his field, and on the highway, with
all the atrocious and unprovoked circumstances
of murder. It has spent the anger of its hire-
lings and sectaries on the dumb, insensate press.
Fearful of its truth and knowledge, it has extin-
guished its light, and turned mankind back to
paganism. It has taken from the citizen's house
the common-law quality of sanctuary. It has
razed and burned his villages, burned and robbed
