1284
appendix to the-congressional globe.
JAugust 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. op Reps.
because it begins by trampling under foot the
humanities of life. Slaves are the masters' capi-
\il, and increase in value as new fields of employ-
ment are opened. Demand for them is stimulated
— prices get up. To make the rich richer — to
swell the coffers of the rich,—these are the only
motives to slavery extension, but at the terrible
expense of the miseries of the life of slavery, of
the ignorance and degradation of those who are
not slaveholders, the paralysis of industry, the
fast impoverishment of the soil, and the ultimate
but speedy decrepitude of the State. Governor
Wise, of Virginia, well known as a performer of
political gymnastics, in a late political epistle,
commending Mr. Buchanan for voting to extend
the Missouri compromise line to the Pacific
ocean, which he says, notwithstanding, was a
very unconstitutional thing in him, states the
matter persuasively to Virginians as follows:
" The post of not running that line to the Pacific may be
valued titus to Virginia: We row get a thousand dollars
for a sound slave; we would then hav* gotten from three
to fire thousand dollars for an operative in the gold mines
of California; four hundred thousand multiplied by five
thousand, or even three thousand, will show our immense
loss. One billion of dollars would not compensate Virginia
for her loss."
To whom is this argument and eloquence of
avarice addressed?' Who is to be benefited by
the extension of slavery into virgin fields? The
•lave? No. Slavery extension predestinates
him to banishment, and to perish in the bondage
of a foreign master, away from his place of birth
and the love of kindred—instincts superior even
to the base condition of servitude, and which is i
all that slavery leaves him but the love of heaven, j
The millions in the slave States who are not
slaveholders? No. Too poor to own slaves, j
their labor degraded, abridged, and oppressed,
by the competition of slave labor, which is un-
paid labor, and, therefore, cheaper labor, and so
far subject to it&dominion, they are classed down
to a third estate, and left without the dignity and
consideration of a middle elass. The South i
witnesses a continual exodus of her best children
into the free States to escape its blight. This is
the*prompt Nemesis that avenges the cruelties of
slavery, and these, in turn, fill the firm ranks
against its further aggression. They are the
exiles of slavery remonstrating against slavery. |
These are no gainers by it. Is it the free millions |
:*{ the industrious North? They could gain no
more than they already had. By your fathers'
compact and ours, the whole land was made the
patrimony of freedom, and the Missouri compro- j
mise is the deed of title. !
And so, slavery is to be extended, not for the
cause of morals, or freedom, or knowledge, but
to add billions of dollars to the treasury of the
■lave proprietors of Virginia and the South. The
dollar has become better and greater than the
man. The day.pf boundless riehes for Virginia
sets in. Her people—such as are slaveholders,
I mean—are now to grow rich by no such vulgar
and ordinary means as labor—by industry or the
arts—by the farm, or the factory, or the shop, or
the ship; but, obviating all such common usages,
they are to grow rich by statute. The Governor's
message will make annual acknowledgment, as a
grateful Governor should, for the bounty of the
season, and the successful husbandry of the
human crop; for if to extend slavery to the
Pacific, south of 36° 30', would add billions of
dollars to this hearty old Commonwealth, the
Governor of Virginia—God bless the Old Domin-
ion for the mother she has been, though long
since past child-bearing—may be excused for
some extravagance, when, after the whole bound-
less continent is hers, figures are unable to tell all
the money she has made by statute and her ancient
trade of constitutional construction.*
Now, this is the modesty of the thing. There
is but one slaveholder to every sixty-seven of
•the whole American population. Is the whole
commonwealth of the public lands, the common
riches of the people of all the States, to be in-
accessible to the sixty-six, and shall they look
on mute, aril are they bound to a contented
state of mind; while their aixty-seventh neighbor
* Mr. J. C. Underwood, of Virginia, at the New York
Tabernacle, lately stated the annual export of this staple
from that State to be twenty thousand of the commercial
.value oftWMtyor twenqr-a*e million* of doUort.
takes all of it to himself? Is this the equality
of the States? Is this the equality of the citizen?
Is this the cathedral definition of the late political
council of Cincinnati, of what is the just and
equal privilege of American citizenship? For
these are questions to be asked, when the vocabu-
lary of the language has been turned upside down,
and words have lost their ordinary meaning, and
' piracy, by the Ostend manifesto, has been exalted
among public virtues, and the sovereignty of the
people is the cruel and sanguinary conquest of a
mob, and free speech is opinion silenced by the
terror of the butcher-knife and revolver, and free
opinions are crimes.
And here is some more of the modest expect-
ations of the extensionists. The fourteen mil-
i lions of the free States are now limited to 612,597
j square miles. According to the opinion of the
late Mr. Pierce, who would again say so if he
were now alive, this is the uttermost limit of the
' free territory. He said as much in his late mes-
sages, except as freedom fought for it, and con-
quered it. This, then, is a boundary as well fixed
as the shore of an ocean. All the rest is the con-
stitutional prerogative of slavery. But the slave-
holding States have already a larger area than the
free States. They already engross 851,508 square
miles; .and, not content with this, slavery now
arrogates to itself the exclusive ownership of the
remaining 1,472,061 square miles of the public
lands now unorganized into States. The nine and
a half millions of the slave States now claim, for
th#profit of that institution, three times as much
i territory as is enjoyed by the whole fourteen mil-
i lions of the free States.  
But we do wrong in speaking of nine and a
half millions in the South, interested in the ex-
tension of slavery. From this number, at least
the three and a half millions of slaves are to be
excluded; for they have no hopes, interests, nor
happiness of which the human law takes notice.
The slav* is never a substantive—is always an
adjective, a legal fixture of his master.
But even the remaining six millions of the slave
States are not interested, not to say in the exten-
sion only, but in the existence of slavery. For
even there the non-slaveholders gain nothing and
lose much by it—in the^value of their lands—
I much in the wages, and everything in the dignity
i of their labor, in social importance, in political
importance, in the means of education, in every
I thing pertaining to moral and material prosperity.
• None of these are to be counted among its bene-
{ ficiaries.
j Who, then, we the gainers? Of our whole pop-
; ulation of twenty-three millions, who are inter-
ested in maintaining and extending it? The three
hundred and fifty thousand slave proprietors, and
their necessary retinue of slave merchants and
the artisans of that novel branch of republican
industry, the manufacture of whips, chains, and
j coffles. The shareholders of this pretentious in-
I terest have the compass and selectness of a tea
| party. And what is the character of this gain ?
Is ignorance instructed, knowledge fostered, vice
i restrained, suffering soothed, labor dignified and
j rewarded? Is it a gain in that riches that has no
i expression in numbers—the moral, material, and
intellectual happiness and prosperity of a people ?
Does it augment the national strength, and exalt
the national character? Nothing of all this. Gov-
! ernor Wise has imprudently tattled in a public
i letter of the true and only reason for extending
i slavery—that there is money in it. The single
fain of giving exclusively to three hundred and
fly thousand proprietors of an extraordinary
| property two and a quarter millions of square
: miles of the public domain, while the fourteen
millions of the North, and the non-slaveholders
i of the South, are limited to one fourth of this
quantity, is all told in dollars and cents—in the
decimal currency, as it ought to be.
This is the short logic of the counting-room;
but it presents without abridgment or diminution
the whole argument in favor of the patriarchal
institution. But the arithmetic of the executive
of Virginia is worth pursuing, and especially in
connection with my-present object, to present the
comparative forces and resources of the two par-
ties that are now invited to struggle for the con-
trol of the public domain—of free industry,
backed by civilization and humanity on the one
side, and a mere barbaric riches in slaves on the
other. There are now four millions of slaves.
Grant—much less than his excellency claims,
but what is much nearer the truth, and certainly
no extravagance of it—that, for the reasons given,
the average commercial value of the slave has in-
creased three hundred dollars, and more than a
thousand millions of dollars are added by acts of
national legislation to the riches of the South;
and not to the whole South, for a benefit, though
sectional, if equally conferred, would be more
tolerable, but to a self-appointed, inconsiderable
section of a section, already so powerful and oli-
garchic as to exclude almost all others from pub- <
lie emoluments and appointments. This large
influence of money, and these resources, ample
aa a kingly treasury, are bent to the propagand-
ism of servitude, and the extirpation of freedom
from the public domain. That measure of public
justice and humanity, the homestead bill, per-
ished in the Senate Chamber, because the slave
interest demanded that it should die.
I have thus attempted to attract attention to
the Missouri compromise, as a sagacious meas-
ure long ago deliberated and ordained, and main-
tained since, as a sure means of preventing the
agitation of this vexed and irritant subject of
slavery in Kansas. I have alluded to the oppos-
ing interests and passions likely, in the absence
of such a legal prohibition, to be drawn into con-
flict with each other—to the breaking down of
that barrier, as conducing inevitably to the civil
disorders prevailing in tnat unhappy Territory,
unequaled in enormity by any modern example
of public crime—to the almost illimitable public
domain, of which Kansas and Nebraska are only
a fraction, exposed by it to the introduction of
slavery and the exhibition of this reign of riot and
civil war—to the protracted and desperate struggle
it promises, as the field of strife shifts with the
progress of our colonization, and now, at length,
to the large and aristocratic influence of riches in
slave's, that seeks to enter as the controlling ele-
ment in the contest. Such is this modern war,
to give it its true name, of the few against the
many—of privilege and caste against poor, but
honest industry and numbers.
The present is imminent—the future is full of ,
evil portents. No on§now attempts, as was done
a few months ago, to hide or deny the deplorable
disorders in Kansas. Senator Mason calls it
" an unfortunate state of things." Senator Doug-
la* talks of "civil war in Kansas," and of _
"restoring peace." Pew attempt their pallia-
tion. They stand confessed, and, behind them,
is the mischievous cause, the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction. A whole people rouses itself
indignantly at this wrong to liberty, justice, and
pubfic faith. The conspirators against the liber-
ties of Kansas turn pale in the presence of an
incensed nation, and at the energy of the passions
they have roused and invoked, but which they
are too infirm to master. Like the audacious
fisherman of the Arabic story, they have raised
a spirit gigantic, menacing, cruel, and that threat-
ens to destroy them, and which they can neither
soothe nor subdue.
What ia the remedy for the evils of misgov-
ernment and crime in Kansas? This is the prac-
tical question. It is, in other words, the alarmed
and pointed interrogation of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Smith.] " I believe," he says,
" citizens of both sections have acted imprudently
in reference to the difficulties which now exist in
the Territory of Kansas. This is not the time
to discuss the causes of these unfortunate difficul-
ties, which are fast bringing into disrepute the
fair fame of our Republic. They must be stopped,
and the question is, how is it to be done?" I an-
swer, restore the Missouri compromise. By this
easy means make slavery agitation impossible.
Bring back that healing measure, and you bring
back the public peace, and strengthen the bonds
of union, and reestablish our family love. The
old Latins, a sensible set of antique gentlemen,
used to speak of the public welfare as the public
health. We were hearty, cheerful, happy, at
the peaceful sundown of Mr. Fillmore's adminis-
tration. The medicine to the State diseased that
is now n%edful is, to restore us to that condition,
and the public health will be restored with it. In
his message, dated August 14,1848, approving
