1836 J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1285
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
the bill erecting the Territory of Oregon, Mr.
Polk used the following language:
" In December, 1819, application was made to Congress,
by the people of Missouri Territory, for admission into the
Union as a State. The discussion upon the subject in Con-
gress involved the question of slavery, and was prosecuted
with such violence as to produce excitements alarming to
every patriot in the Union. But the good genius of concil-
iation, which presided at the birth of our institutions, finally
prevailed, and the Missouri compromise was adopted. The
ei lith section of the act of Congress of the 6th of March,
' to authorize the people of the Territory of Missouri
to form a constitution and State government,' 8lc., pro-
vides : j
'• • That in all that territory ceded by Prance to the United
Ptnte«, under the name of Louisiana, which lies north of
36° 30', north latitude, not included within the limits of the
Plate contemplated by this act, slavery and involuntary
servitude, otherwise than in the punishment of crime,
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be,
and is hereby, forever prohibited : Provided, always, That
any person escaping jato the same from whom labor or
service is lawfully claHhed in any State or Territory of the
United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed, and
conveyed to the person claiming his or her labor or service
as aforesaid.'
"This compromise had the effect of calming the troubled
waves, and restoring peace and good will throughout the
States of the Union. The Missouri question had excited
intense agitation of the public mind, and threatened to
divide the country into geographical parties, alienating the
feelings of attachment which each portion of the Union
should bear to every other. The compromise allayed the
excitement, tranquillized the popular mind, and restored
confidence and fraternal feelings. Its authors were hailed i
as public benefactors." 1
' '• Ought we now to disturb the Texas and Missouri com- !
promises ? Ought we, at this late day,, in attempting to ,
annul what has been so long established and acquiesced in,,
to excite sectional jealousies and divisions, to alienate the j
people of different portions of the Union from each other, I
and to endanger the existence of the Union itself."' j
I* not the public mind again disturbed, in con-
sequoice of'the repeal of the measure that then
induced this haugnty executive panegyric from
your and my late political friend and patron ? Are 1
not our attachments curdling into estrangements,
and affections and alienations shaping themselves
to geographical boundaries? Then, this is the '
appointed time for that generous measure of sec-
tional compromise and sacrifice to reexist and do ;
its pacific office. Inert and silent, though preg-
nant with power,*it endured more than a third of;
a century, a pledge of public peace. Banished at I
an evil time, but 'restored and exalted, by com- j
mon consent, at this season of disquietude and '
alarm, to its former place of just dignity among
our statutes, it is now capable of being not only
the gage, but the agent and executive of peace.
The South is rescued from the shame of the in-
ception of that measure. But it is obnoxious to
the fault of having permitted it, when the whote
North stirred in opposition to it, aniS' if *r«LS
known that some of ita representatives were
likely to be false to their own engagements, and
the wishes of the North. That repeal could only
be useful to the South, if quietly acquiesced in.
Now that the struggle for supremacy has com-
menced, is it certain that the object of making
Kansas a slave State will not fail, when firmly
Opposed by equal energy, and endurance, and
superiority of numbers? And, if the plan suc-
ceed, what then? It is something that the South
will have lost much of ..the morel support of its
northern sisters. But it is much more, that it
shall have first given this flagrant lesson of the
vanity of public faith; for, it need not be dis-
guised, it will be met in that spirit. It will be
left without assurance of that part of the Louisi-
ana purchase y^t unorganized, south of 36° 30'.
The third clause of the joint resolution of March
S, 1845, for the annexation of Texas, prohibited
slavery north of the same line in Texas, and pro-
vided, in the same section, for the admission of
four new States by hop consent and the consent
of Congress. The first part of the section is cer-
tainly repealed by the Nebraska bill, and the
North will demand in justice, that if one half of
the bargain is disclaimed and annulled, the other
half shall go down with it. Such is the construc-
tion that will be put upon it. There will, then,
be no subdivision of Texas. Will the South be
content with this ?
But measure is more distasteful to the North.
Guarded by this compromise, Kansas and Ne-
braska were long looked to as the appointed field
and direction of its expansion. In the spirit of
the letter of Charles Pinckney, written on the
night of its passage, dated '' Congress Hall, three
o'clock at night,s in which he said theslavehold-
lng States had^ained a great triumph, had added
siJTor eight members to the Senate, and that the
North would gain nothing " for a great length of
time," the North has bided its time and its ad-
vantages long postponed, and rested in security
on this act of national faith. This public infi-
delity now has disturbed its dream, and drawn its
people from the places of peace and industry they
love; like a guard called at midnight to stand on
their defense, and prevent encroachments for the
future.
But the South answers, while availing itself of
this breach of faith, and attempting to obtrude
slavery on Kansas, that its restoration is useless,
because its moral power is gone. Is this so? Is
the compromise of 1820 remembered with common
scorn, as a thing of no obligation, and of ques-
tionable wisdom and patriotism ? On the other
hand, does not the whole Union pay homage to
the benefactors who ordained it, and mourn the
age of peace that expired with it? And if the act
deserves shame and obloquy, do these extend to
its authors? Are Calhoun, and Pinckney,-and
Clay, and Monroe, to be lost from the patrimony
of national honor, and perish from the public love,
or live only to be the ribald and familiar jests of
fresh- placemen, complaisant with consequence,
who try to sfrutin extraordinary stature in their
places? And the fathers of the Republic, who
were present, and helped to lay its deep founda-
tions, and often laid down, byline and plummet,
thtf constitutional power and duty to exclude
slavery from the Territories,—are they, too, to be
comprehended in the catholic scorn this school of
charlatans is visiting on the whole past?
The Missouri compromise is witnout legal effi-
cacy, but is shorn of none of its moral power. It
has its place in history and its hold on the public
heart. It is felt not to be lost, but only banished.
It will be regarded the more because it has seemed
to be in hazard. Its restoration will be hailed as
the augury of permanent peace. It will kindle
illuminations, and fill the land with gladness, and
the whole nation will go forth to greet it, as old
Athens at the crisis of her fate, when the barbaric
host cast its shadow over all her seas and plains,
poured out from all her gates to bring home the
banished Aristides.
This is needful for two reasons—in justice to
the injured North, to rebuke her betrayers, who,
false to representative duty, and for purposes of,
personal aggrandizement, made cora^aerce of the
national honor and happiness; b«tty lor the greater
reason of tqawiHOoggood faith and generous com-
promise, astne only means of lasting harmony.
Such is republicanism to-day. It hath this
extent. It has no purpose to ofiend or assail the
South, for it would then be sectional. It does
not espouse any local or limited interest of the
South, for that, too, would be sectional. But
it has a national regard for the Union and the
interest of all the States alike. It holds them
by the exact limits established a third of a cen-
tury ago by national men, and asks no more,
ana will take no less. It accedes to the very
terms that the South, jealous of honor, made
for itself. So determined, it will plead its cause
at the forum of the people for its faith and jus-
tice, and allow excellence, in no quarter, for su-
perior devotion to the Union.
If it was right and constitutional to pass this
act in 1820, it is right and constitutional now. A
modern philosopher, given to puzzling himself
on all sorts of abstractions, finally reasoned him-
self into universal skepticism, and grew into the i
belief that nothing whatever existed, mind or mat- i
ter, and wrote a book on the subject. Our con- I
stitutional expounders, in this age of searching ,
analysis, have made almost as much progress, [
and reasoned away most of the constitutional j
powers, as jirell as the solid bottoms they were :
supposed to stand on. Among other things, they
have explored the powers of Congress to govern
its own territory, and especially on the subject of i
slavery there, and find it all unconstitutional.
Mr. Jefferson thought the Constitution gave no
power to acquire territory. They have no diffi-
culty in finding in the Constitution abundant
power to acquire territory, and understand the
whole subject much better thgn Mr. Jefferson.
Jackson .Webster, Calhoun, Polk, Clay, were in
favor of the principle of the Missouri compromite;
believed that Congress had the power, after ac-
quiring territory, to govern it, as a farmer has a
right to use his farm as he pleases; exclude slavery
or not; and acted on it. These expounders know
better, and only pity them for living and dying
in the delusion. I have nothing to say to these
constitutional schoolmasters. I am content to
stand by the faith and practice of the fathers and
of the pure age of the Republic.
But there is a class which goes further, and
challenges our public history as against the
power. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] lately made the following statement:
" I say that the fathers who made this Republic, from the
beginning of it—from the date of the Constitution and up to
1830, never, in a single instance, exercised the power of
excluding the emigration of slaves from any of the States
of this Union to the common territory."
I venture to confront it, and, in no offensive
manner, to contradict its historical accuracy. I
deny it altogether. I aver, on the other hand,
that in theory and practice,by reason, usage, and
precedent, under the Confederation and under the
Constitution, from the beginning of the Govern-
ment to the passage of the Nebraska act, the
power of Congress to legislate for the Territories
on all subjects, including the particular subject
ab'ove named, has been asserted and maintained.
This is a broad proposition, but its truth is im-
pregnable. And when government has been
maintained through the Territorial Legislatures,
or through officers of territorial creation, it has
been by the express authority of Congress, and
by the use of its own delegated power, which it
could take away at pleasure. Congress has
always used this power directly or by indirection.
It is evinced in our legislation, where its instances
are strewn all over its pages—it has been main-
tained in judicial decisions of all our courts, State
and Federal, from the highest to the lowest. It
has been maintained in the executive administra-
tion of our laws. It is the salient fact of the his-
tory of our Territories, standing out distinguished,
like a promontory. And I challenge the proof of
the gentleman*9 proposition by examples. At
least, let history be spared from wrong for mere
party objects.
I do not mean to go over the large range of
proofs that have been so often told and illustrated,
but to allude only to the less familiar history of
my own State,
Sir, that original Abolitionist, Thomas Jeffer-
son, who, not content with stirring up rebellion
against King George, and setting the country in
a blaze, went abroad publishing what are now
considered fanatical sentiments of human free-'
dom and progress, for which, if he were in Kan-
sas to-day, he might enjoy a prison, with an iron
ball and chain fastened to him, and a Bible to
improve his morals by, according to the second
ana fifth sections of chapter twenty-two of that
amiable code of laws—Thomas Jefferson inau-
gurated legislation to exclude slavery from the
public lands. Restriction and intervention began
with him. The gentleman from Georgia, while
reading the Holmes letter, which I shalihereafter
refer to, said he wanted from Jefferson no ab-
straction, but something practical. Here it is.
On the 1st of March, 1784, Jefferson, as chairman
of a committee to devise a scheme of government,
in the language of the Journal, for " the trans-
montane half of the American Republic," com-
prehending the region beyond the mountains,
from the north boundary of Florida to the lakes
and the Mississippi, reported a bill to the Con-
gress of the Confederation, subdividing it into
seventeen States, and containing the following
section:
" Eighth.' That after the year 1800 of the Christian era
there shall lie neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in
any of the said States, otherwise than in the punishment
of crimes of which the party shall have been duly con-
victed to have been personally guilty." .
That is practical. It applied to every inch of
the public lands from the lakes to Florida. It
did not stand, in the language of the gentleman
from Georgia," on the principle of a division of
the Territory." It gave all to freedom, for that
was the impulse and the end—the beginning and
the final cause of the revolutionary struggle. It
went further, and organized them as States, and
said slavery should not exist there, when organ-
ized into State*.
