1286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. or Reps.
This section failed, from the accidental absence '
of one New Jersey member, seven States being
necessary to pass it. On what trifles great events
dependIf it had passed, the Alleghanies would
have been the western wall of slavery.
The government of Territories was then a new
business; and the ordinance of 1784, passed on
the very day of the Virginia erant, and when it
was supposed it would include Kentucky, was
too clumsy to work well. This led afterwards
to the celebrated ordinance of July 13, 1787, the
" corner-stone of the prosperity ana happiness of
the Northwest. It differed from the former, in
making- the expulsion of slavery immediate, and
in being limited to the country between the Ohio
and Mississippi. It was reported by a com-
mittM, consisting of Carrington and Richard H.
Lee of Virginia; Nathan Dane oJ" Massachu-
setts; Smith of New York; and Keen of South
Carolina,—names familiar to us as household
words. It was reported in the language of the
former act of Jefferson, It was passed by the
vote of all the States, and of all the delegates
from all the States but one from New York. It
again prohibited slavery forever from what was
then the whole national domain—and not only
while the Northwest remained a Territory, but
after it should be organized into States. It did
more. The prohibition entered into territory
where slavery was then lawful, and where it in
fact existed, and expelled it violently from the ter-
ritory. It disdained the existing property in hu-
man suffering and human life. It.was ignorant
of that new equality of the States, by which a
small class of patriarchs, whether from Utah or
South Carolina, shall occupy the public lands,
filled with natural gifts fit for freemen, to the in-
convenience and expulsion of everybody else,
This kind of republicanism was then national.
Every State was for it. Can the gentleman from
Georgia tell the time when it became sectional,
or how it became so, or who made it so? This
first child of freedom was born just as it was,
wholly free from the common will of the whole
Union.
But it will be answered, that this ordinance
VMS passed by the Congress of the Confederation,
and before the Constitution. Grant it. This
makes the case much stronger. The Congress
of the Confederation, like the present Congress |
under the Constitution, could only use powers 1
expressly granted. This Congress can do nothing
not permitted by the Constitution. That Con-
gress could do nothing not permitted by the
Articles of Confederation. But, by the Articles
of Confederation, no power of any kind, in ex-
press" words, was granted to acquire or to gov-
ern territory. It was attempted to derive it in the ,
power to collect revenue, and in the power to
regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes. But
this was abandoned, and the right was rested,
where the Supreme Court of the United States
cow rests it, under the Constitution, on the better
principle, that the owner of the territory, of course, !
las the right to govern it for all purposes. ;
_ If, therefore, the Congress of the Confedera-
tion, when the power to govern the Territories
was, in terms, so doubtful, could, under that in-
strument, enter that Territory, expel slavery and
substitute freedom, much more can it be done
underthe Constitution of the United States, which
conveys express power to Congress to make all
needful rules and regulations for the Territories
and other property of the United States.
It deserves, too, to be remembered, that the
Congress that passed this ordinance, and the con- ■
vention that framed the Constitution, sat at the .
same time, and that many of the members be-
longed to both, and knew very well, nobody 1
better, what powers the Articles of Confederation I
lacked, and what powers it was necessary that j
the Constitution should have. i
But this doubt was very soon put to rest. The :
first Congress under the Constitution, composed
in part of the men who had framed that instru-
ment, met, and, on the 7th of August, 1789,
retnacted the ordinance of 1787, without a divis-
ion. Washington, who had been the president
""bf the convention that framed the Constitution,
approved "the act. Who knew better the signifi-
caney of that instrument than those who made
it? Lhan he*-1 express it all when I speak the name
of Washington—who, in presiding at the work
of its creation, gave the Union hopes of aduration
more lasting than brass or marble ? Washington,
by this act, gave the consent of his judgment
that it was constitutional and right, and consistent
with the genius of American government, to
expel the political wanton, slavery, from the
national territory.
The preamble of that act is worthy of notice:
" Whereas, in order that the ordinance of tho United
Stales, in Congress assembled, for the government of the
territory northwest of the river Ohio, may continue to have
Aill effect, it ia requisite that certain provisions should be
made, so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution
of the United States. Be it enacted," fcc.
The act then provides that the Governor of
the Northwest Territory shall communicate to
the Congress of the United States the information
required under the ordinance of 1787, and that
then the President shall appoint officers, &c.
Mr. Pierce, in his late message, says that this
ordinance was repealed on the adoption of the
Constitution. This is woYthy of the President's
ability at constitutional construction. If the ord-
inance was repealed, and the government dis-
solved, what Governor was there to report any-
thing? What was he Governor of? If the ord-
inance was repealed, and this law did not reBhact
it, by what law was the Northwest Territory
governed, until the establishment of Ohio as a
State on the 30th of April, 1802, for there was
no other law ? This modern executive opinion is
too weak for controversy. The very preamble
of this law states the ordinance to be continuing
to have effect; and the object of the law was
that it might continue to have full effect. Sir,
Washington and the first Congress of the Con-
stitution believed that it was a constitutional right
and duty to expel .slavery from the Territories,
and maintain it so forever. This is what repub-.
licanism claims. Washington baptized our creed,
and made it national. The gentleman from
Georgia can see something practical in this,
and will not attempt to wrestle with this high
authority.
Ohio being about to be admitted into theUnion,
Congress, on the 7th of May, 1800, erected Indi-
ana Territory. It provided for it " a territorial
government, in all respects similar to that provided
by the ordinance of Congress, passed on the 13th
or July, 1787, for the government of the terri-
tory of the United'States northwest of the river
Ohio." Thus Congress again asserted its power
to legislate to every extent on this vexed question
for her Territories. President Adams approved
the act, and Jefferson executed it.
It was in April, 1803, that Congress passed an
act authorizing the people of Ohio to form a State
constitution. The convention met at Chillicothe
in November. Governor St. Clair addressed it.
Here squatter sovereignty began, and first lifted
up its head. What became of the head will be
seen in the sequel. Mr. Douglas and Mr. Dick-
inson may end their rivalry for this patent. Gov-
ernor St. Clair was the inventor and discoverer,
and the time for it to be of profit to any one is
ran out. He then said:
" The people of the Territory require no act of Congress
to authorize them to call a convention and form a constitu-
tion, and the act of Congress is a nullity. For all internal
affairs we have a complete Legislature of our own, and in
them we are no more bound by an act of Congress than we
would be bound by an edict of the First Consul of France.
The five thousand persons that wrfre let off to the Indiana
Territory have been divested of their rights. We have the
means in our hands to bring Congress to reason, if we should
be forced to use them."
In consequence of being ignorant of what is
known to Mr. Pierce, and every one who takes
political communion with him, to be the sove-
reign rights of the people of the Territories, Mr.
Jefferson simply crossed his legs, as he was in
the habit of doing when he took a decided reso-
lution, and directed Mr. Madison, life Secretary
of State, to write the following letter:
" Sir : The President, observing in an address lately de-
livered by you to the convention held at Chillicothe, an in-
temperance and indecorum of language towards the Legis-
lature of the United States, and a disorganizing spirit and
tendency of very evil example, and grossly violating the
rules of conduct enjoined byyour public station, determines
that your commission of Coventor of the Northwestern
Territory shall cease on the receipt of this letter.
" I am, lie., JAMES MADISON.
" Arthur St. CLAH^Esq., Chillicothe."
The putting the Federal head of Arthur St.
I Clair in a charger—the Federal head out of which
i squatter sovereignty was born,and where it died
[ —was a piece of somewhat practical conduct in
1 Madison and Jefferson.
1 Illinois Territory was created by act of Con-
gress, February 3, 1809. The fourth section
applied to it the ordinance of 1787. This was
approved by Madison. The same had been done
for Michigan by the act of January 11, 1805,
approved by Jefferson. The same -was after-
wards done for Wisconsin by the twelfth section
of the act of April 20, 1836, approved by Jack-
son.
But Jefferson and Madison at that time carried
the doctrine of the power of the Constitution over
the subject of slavery in the new States that had
been formed out ot the public domain, to a
freater extent than is now gererally maintained,
efferson approved the act oW^ongress author-
izing Ohio to form a State constitution; Madison
the act of April 19,1816, conferring the same
power on the people of Indiana; but both these
acts forbade them from adopting constitutions
repugnant to the ordinance of 1787. They were
forbidden from incorporating slavery, even when
clothed with the full dignity and authority of
States.
I have here passed by an extraordinary example
of the assertion of this power by Congress, and
now return to take it up. The first population of
I Indiana Territory was drawn to it by the Ohio
river, and principally from the neighboring States
of Virginia and Kentucky. Their characteristic
institution was excluded by the ordinance of 1787,
and having then, in the infancy of constitutional
construction, no notion of their absolute ^ghts
to do what they pleased, and especially on that
subject, applied to Congress for its suspension.
A territorial convention of elected delegates as-
sembled at Yincennes, and. was presided over by
General Harrison, the Father of the Northwest.
It will be seen that it differs from the opinion of
j President Pierce, as to the ordinance of 1787
, being then repealed. The petition to Congress then
: agreed upon, now time-worn and dilapidated, I
[ have obtained from its slumbers in the Archives
I in this Capitol, and, though somewhat lengthy,
| incorporate here:
1 The memorial and petition of the inhabitants of the In-
diana Territory respectfully sheweth:
i That nine tenths of your memorialists, being of opinion
that the sixth article of compact contained in the ordinance
for th« government of the Territory, has been extremely
prejudicial to their tatersttand welfare, requested the Gov-
ernor, by petitions from each of the several counties, to
call a general convention of the Territory, for the purpose
of taking the sense of the whole people, by their Repre-
sentatives, on a subject to them so interesting, and of
afterwards taking such measures as to them might seem
meet, by petition to your honorable bodies, not only for
obtaining the repeal or suspension of the said article of
compact, but also for that of representing and petitioning
for the passage of such other laws as would, in the opinion
of the convention, be conducive to the general welfare,
population, and happiness of this distant and unrepresented
portion of the United States.
This convention is now sitting at Vincennes, and have
agreed to make the following representation to the Con-
t gress of the United States, not in the least doubting but
1 that everything they can desire, (not prejudicial to the Con-
stitution or the interest of the General Government,) will
readily be granted them.
| The sixth article of compact between the United States
' and the people of the Territory, which declares there shall
- be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in it, has pre-
vented the country from populating, and been the reason of
driving many valuable citizens, possessing slaves, to the
i Spanish side of the Mississippi, most of Whom, but for the
prohibition contained in the ordinance, would have settled
in this Territory; and the consequences of keeping that
prohibition in force will be that of obliging the numerous
class of citizens disposed to emigrate to seek* an asylum in
that country where they can be permitted to enjoy their
property.
Your memorialists, howeverfand the people they repre •
sent, do not wish for a repeal of this article entirely, but
that it may be suspended for the term of ten years, and
then to be again in force; but that the slaves brought into
the Territory during the continuance of this supension, and
their progeny, may be considered and continued in the
same state qf servitude as if they had remained in those
parts of the United States where slavery is permitted, and
from whence they may have been removed. .
Several persons (as your memorialists are informed)
having settled on the public lands in this Territory, with
the intention of purchasing the same when offered tor sale
by the United States, are fearful that advantage may be
taken of their improvements to enhance the price: your
petitioners therefore pray that a law may be passed for their
relief, giving the right of preemption to all those who may
have so settled on the public lands; and also, as one of the
more sure means as well of populating the country as of
enhancing tiie value of the United States lands remaining
