1288
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 2,
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
thought Congress had no power on the subject \ |
of slavery in the Territories. Let it be noticed, ! i
too, that the point in dispute in that'severe strug-
gle that preceded the adoption of the Missouri
compromise, was not of the power of Congress
over the subject of slavery in the territories, but
of its power to regulate the subject of slavery for
a State at the time of its admission into the Union.
The following extract from the memorandum to
Mr. Walsh.is, then, the refutation:
" The power, however, be its import what it may, is ob-
viously limited to a Territory while remaining in that char-
acter, as distinct from that of a State."
The Holmes letter is a just condemnation of
freedom entering into bargains and compounding
felony with slavery by geographical partitions.
As applied to the admission of Missouri, then
applying for admission into the Union, which,
with the restriction, was the subject of that letter,
he questions its expediency, but does not deny .
the power, but admits it by speaking of it as an
"act of power." Jefferson avoided this geo-
graphical difficulty in the act of 1748, by pro-
fosing to exclude slavery from all territory,
'ollowing his footsteps, if no better pacific alter-
native is offered, we are preferred to escape geo-
graphical differences by maintaining this complete
exclusion now.
This question is vital to the national peace,
and prosperity, and honor. Its importance gives
"it a controlling position. It is now to be heard
and submitted to the tribunal of the people." Mr.
Buchanan and Mr. Fremont are representative |
men. The former has been remarkable for the |
convenient variety of his opinions. He may be
characterized as holding opinions of accommoda-
tion, not so much his own and for personal use,
as to oblige others. He is always with the flock,
but always brings up behind. He does not lead
the van, but journeys in the rear with the provis-
ion wagons. Honored in private life, he allows
himself to be the idol of a party of great historic
renown, now recruited and principally composed
of its hereditary enemies, debauched from its
purity and heretical to its faith. He is remarkable
for his vicissitudes of opinion about the Missouri
compromise. He at first opposed it, because
freedom ought, he said, to have all of Louisiana.
He wrote resolutions, uttered speeches, signed
memorials. After the Missouri compromise was
passed, he heartily approved it. From this pe-
riod, he is commended by the Union for his sub-
servience to the South. * When Texas was to be
annexed, he saw, with his own eyes, the hand of
Providence leading Ham's poor, enslaved chil-
dren across the Rio Grande to deliverance, and
he filled himself with gladness. When, after-
wards, the slice had been cut from the Mexican
loaf, and the Wilmot proviso was offered, he was
recovered from the disease of freedom to all the
Territories that afflicted liirain 1819. The Wilmot
proviso was then inexpedient, fanatical, and rev-
olutionary. He changed his mind once more,
and it ceased to be insane and improper, and then
he and Mr. Douglas were for geographical par-
ties, and pushing the line of 36° 30' to the Pacific.
At this jubilant period he wrote to the Berks
county Democracy, who have interpolated on
their creed the immortality of General Jackson,
that the Missouri compromise had once saved the
Union, and would do so again. The Missouri
compromise was repealed. On account of it he
could not contain himself for joy, on the eve of '
the Cincinnati convention, and wrote so to Mr.
Slidell. Bewildered man! He has turned round
until his head is dizzy, and now rises, after the
nomination, before a collection of friends, and
says, like Rip Van Winkle, out of liis long sleep,
he is not himself, and don't know himself. He
is as unsettled in political as in domestic life. In
order to ascertain where he will next make port,
it is necessary to look at that sailing chart, the
Cincinnati platform.
Mr. Pierce's administration is admired by that
convention, and Mr. Buchanan is to do like him.
The President has divided his administration
between weakness and wickedness. I stop, in
specifying, at one accusation. The President has
permitted law and order to be trampled under foot
in Kansas, its franchises violated, its people
conquered, its villages inflamed, its people hunted,
robbed, murdered—for the sake of extending
slavery into a Territory that he thrice said should
be kept free forever. It has not,been a fault of
ignorance. He has known it, winked at it*, en-
couraged it. The question is, shall a successor
be chosen to maintain the sovereignty of disorder
and crime; for such as it has been, Mr. Buch-
anan has adopted it all.
Leaving out of consideration altogether the
investigations of the Kansas committee, the ex-
ecutive minutes of Governor Reeder, kept at the
time, and communicated to the President, show
that Kansas was enslaved and conquered by the
election of March, 1855. The President had been
made aware of the armed invasion of November,
1854, and was warned of its probable repetition
in March, but his voice and influence were silent.
Compare the official census of the 3d of March,
1855, with the number of voters on the 27th of
the same month, a3 abstracted from the executive
minutes, and the proof of the invasion and con-
quest is complete.
Census of Voters in Kansas, March 3,1855, and votes polled
at the legislative election for Conncilmen and Represent-
atives in the Territorial Legislature, March 30,1855:
o : >
o
>
465 |1,186
212 I 341
193
442
253
201
247
215
9 ! 208
10 468
649
855
350
540
486
203
417
1,206
§
"(3
s°
♦ confirmed,
rejected.
I «
confirmed.
P
S'c
S3
2,905 6,333 13
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
! S
i 10
i 11
I 12
' 13
14
15
16
17
18
i>
369
199
101
47
442
253
53
39
36
63
24
78
96
334
308
385
50
28
■a i
s i
o t
a.
£
2,905 6,333
1,044
341
376
80
855
350
234
39
75
92
372
242
727
417
964
If this result is honest, the population seems
to have doubled in less than a lunar month, and
at that inclement season, when, least of all, emi-
f ation takes its way to the unbroken wilderness.
he distribution of the invading force was such
as enabled it to conquer every poll.butone in the
Territory.
If, in spite of these figures, and the accumula-
tion of proof which establish*the contrived and
effected outrage of the franchise? of the citizens
of Kansas, gentlemen still persist in doubting it,
I take them for a moment, and for the sake of
argument, at their word. Let it be granted that
the election of Kansas was an honest election by
the "actual, resident inhabitants" of the Terri-
tory only. The election was an upright, undis-
turbed, unspotted act of government. The judges,
unterrified and unexpelled from their places, were
the serene, official spectators of the great repre-
sentative act of election, and voters came from
quiet homes, even on the margin of the wilder-
ness, to these scenes of peace, and registered their
creation of their own officers of legislation. Let
all this be granted.
But then follows this inevitable conclusion: if
Kansas has such an honest speed of population
that, in twenty-seven days, from the 3d of March,
1855, to the 30th of March, 1855, her voting
population much more than doubled; and if, in
her infancy, she has been able to evince such a
singular decorum and ability in conducting a
popular election, now, at the end of sixteen
months, she is wise enough and populous enough
to be admitted as a State. Jefferson thought
twenty thousand a sufficient population for the
purpose. Kansas has much more. Will gentle-
men who scoff with incredulity at the wrongs of
Kansas, and believe in the fairness of this elec-
tion, now take her as she comes, bringing her
self-created constitution, and assist in raising her
to the dignity of a State?
But I repel this affectation of unbelief. The
outrage on Kansas is obvious, transparent his-
tory. It was a comprehensive and complex po-
litical conspiracy, conceived in the most despised
of .sordid passions, detestable in its objects, pro-
moted by bad men, defiant and rebellious to the
laws, aggressive on social and political rights,
made more efficacious by secrecy and conceal-
ment, and conducted to its consequences by such
a course of enormities as have not elsewhere
disgraced the last ages of mankind. Nor, in
order to maintain this, is it necessary to go in
search of outside sources of information—to let-
ter-writers and newspaper information, flippantly
so called, though these are the materials out of
■which sober history, by its own analysis and
chemistry, will, in the quiet time to come', derive
its truth and stigmatize this offense. Biit the fact
is made evident by these plain, irrefragable figures,
not of speech, but of arithmetic, and of official
exactness, set down in the foregoing tables.
• Let us look at them. The Territory of Kan-
sas as organized by the Kansas act lies between
the thirty-seventh and fortieth degrees of lat-
itude. It stretches west, from the western boun-
dary of Missouri, through more than thirteen de-
grees of longitude. To state it approximately, it
is two hundred miles in breadth, and more than'
eight hundred miles in Jength. It appears on the
map like a riband. ,
And now I bring the accusation, that these
unnatural boundaries were established, inconsist-
ent with the present or future interests or industry'
of its inhabitants, for the purpose of aggrandizing
the interests of slavery. It does not reach down
on the south to the line of thirty-six and a half
degrees, the old Missouri compromise line, in
order that sufficient territory might be left south
of the southern boundary of the Terrify to
establish a slave State. Thus here was " a pas-
ture fresh and new," sought for and intended,
deemed certain to become a slave State in the
maturity of time, and therefore not ordained.
And on the north k did not reach to the northern
boundary of Missouri, or further, to its natural
and proper boundary, the Platte, whereby Kan-
sas, instead of being, as it is now, only one fourth
as large as Nebraska, would then have approached
it nearer in size. This was done in order that
Kansas, as it was organized, might be made more
inaccessible to northern population, that it might
be hid away from them behind the corner of
Missouri, and that Missouri, largely interested
ib •l&veholding, might, along its two hundred
miles of common bevndftry, impend its overshad-
owing influence over it. So the boundaries of
Kansas were made, not for a national good, but
for a sectional good—in the South, to add the
influence of a future state to the interest of a sec-
tion; in the North, and with the same object of
promoting the interests of that Bection, to shut
out all the free States from its enjoyment. The
apt condition for criminal enterprises, from the
snape and position in which the Kansas bill left
that Territory, led the way to the conspiracy.
Our dealing now is with these'official figures.
The area Of Kansas is about one hundred and
fifty thousand square miles. At the time of the-
census, there was not so much as a voter to everv
fifty square miles of territory; or suppose, Nvhich
is true, that population was confined along the
principal rivers, and had not yet stretched more
than one fourth the length of the territory, away
from the Missouri boundary, there was not yet
one voter to every twelve square miles. It would
have been extraordinary if one half the enumer-
ated voters had been present at .the polls. In a
new country, population is always poor. It
earns and breaks every dayits bread'Of life. At
the time of the Kansas election, the season of
preparation for the summer and autumnal har-
vests was on them. Living at long intervals,
new settlers communicate rarely, and1 ao not make
common sentiment or concert action. In the
Territories, going to vote was deemed less im-
portant, from the immemorial experience of the
considerate benevolence and protection extended
by Congress over the Territories.
At the late Delegate election in Nebraska, four
times larger than Kansas, its machinery of gov-
ernment put in operation earlier, as much within
the flow of emigration, and with a navigable river
for its bouDdaryforathousand miles, only twelve
