1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0B8.
1289
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. or Reps.
hundred rotes were polled. Such is only an or-1
dinarv unconcern about elections in new com- j
munities! !
But, on that election day in Kansas, instead of
fifteen hundred, more thaif six thousand votes
were polled. On that day Kansas was conquered
—conquered by an invading enemy by the appli-
ances and under the forms of law, that had been
sanctified here for her happiness, peace, and
safety; in outrage of the guarantee to leave her
perfectly free to make and maintain her own laws
subordinate to nothing but the Constitution; in
bold defiance of the national authority, and in
subversion of the social and political rights, not
of themselves only, but of all of us. To the
national shame, that conquest has been permitted
to endure. And we hesitate to vindicate the na-
tionalauthorily that has been insulted, and remain
deaf to the cries of distress from the youngest
child born to us out of the public domain by the
creative vigflr of our laws.
At the first exercise, then, of the great act of
sovereignty by a popular election in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, in the whole bounds of which
there were only 2,905 voters, there was the aston-
ishing result of 6,333 votes. A majority of those
who conducted that election were strangers to the
inhabitants and to the soil of Kansas. This is
your public official history. Even on the sup-
position, that every registered citizen shared in
that election, the invaders, numerically greater,
became the illegitimate masters of the mnofeoMa I
of Kansas. The true people of the Territory
were crushed out by those who were not within
the privileges and qualifications of the organic
act.
The invasion was only the ripening of a pre-
viously formed conspiracy. Here the offense
rises to the turpitude of crime. It was a con-
spiracy, because such-masses of men could not,
otherwise, have been precipitated together on the
Territory, without preconcert, and without a
common object. It was a secret conspiracy, or,
otherwise, some curious ear or some omnipresent
Argus of the press would have caught a knowledge
of it, and the world been told tne processes by
which a great crime is born. Itwasa conspiracy
to conquer the franchises of Kansas, and trample
its independence under foot, because its whole
weight was directed on the election, as the mis-
sile is thrown at a mark. It had no other object,
because it sought no other object. It compre-
hended its criminal numbers over a large terri-
tory, because such numbers could_not have been
recruited and mustered in • limited territory.
Its appointments were made with a happy saga-
city of criminal machinery. Its execution was
wide-spread and far reaching, fon with hands
multiplied as Briareus's, it seized by violence, at
the same moment, every ballot-box but one, of
the whole Territory. It was a conspiracy, not
only to subordinate the law to violence, but to
disfranchise a whole people from the protection
of the laws. It was not merely a political dis-
order, but a great political crime. Its whole
muster-roll was made up in the South.
Nor is it necessary to characterise the quality
of such conquerors, when conduct and character
have such steady consistency with each other.
Society, in its own modes of purification, is all
the time sloughing away its prurient and sickly
members, who, after being trained in the Schools
that lie on the road to the penitentiary and the
fallows, for a short season cheat their manifest
estiny, and unite in criminal enterprises like this,
in morals as ragged and tatterdemalion as the
memorable regiment that dogged at FalstafFs
back through Goventry. The whisky barrel,
that new munition of modern arms, that obtrudes
itself as the center figure throughout this whole
epic, and at whose dear sides these swaggering
heroes strode, is the tell-tale of the moral dignity
of these conquerors of Kansas. And this con-
spiracy, concerted, clandestine, comprehensive,
gigantic in dimensions and organized with the
exactness, and conducted in the fashion and with
the accompaniments, of military enterprise, was
meant to undo your own work, to destroy the
popular sovereignty lately ordained for Kansas
under such specious and ostentatious words as
implied that yoa conferred novel and extraordi-
nary powers on the people of <hat Territory.
The invasion was a treasonable act, but no ex-
ecutive step has been taken to punish the offend-
ers.
The Jast Congress, with the arrogance that
'belongs to mediocrity when suddenly raised to
authority, exalted itself above the steady and
consistently wise government of the Territories,
that had prevailed for three-score years and ten,
and of which the Missouri compromise was a
part, and repealed that measure. By similar
legislation under Washington, Jefferson, Madi-
son, and Jackson, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, and Wisconsin, had come out of the wilder-
ness and entered the family of States, at once
full of happiness and riches, and ripe in freedom
and knowledge. The Missouri restriction of
1820 created a new northwest on the "sunset
side of the Mississippi," and was working out
its end. The Kansas and Nebraska bill repealed
it. It was done without any one asking for it.
It said in argument, " the people of the Territo-
ries have beenpermitted to make their own laws,
except on one subject—slavery. The Missouri
compromise is a congressional restraint on that
power. For the people's sake, and for thpir
larger liberty," it said " it shall be removed."
It was done amid universal execration and dis-
may. " Now," it said, " the people of Kansas
can determine the question for themselves."
These words were a delusion. The South was
caught in no such stupidity. It claimed, as soon as
the law was passed, that slavery might lawfully
enter the Territories, and before any Territorial
Legislature existed in Kansas, Governor Reeder
made return in his census report oT one hundred
and ninety-two slaveB there. The President
knew of it, and thus first acquiesced in the ex-
traordinary construction, that the people of the
Territory have no power over the subject of sla-
very. And now every Administration member
of this body, who has expressed himself on the
subject, holds that the people of the Territory
have no right to exclude slavery.
When Senator Trumbull asked Senator Doug-
las, some time ago, in the Senate, if he believed
in the power of the people ef Kansas, under the
Kansas bill, to prohibit slavery, he answered, it
was a delicate judicial question he should not try
to answer. It was a judicial question under the
Missouri compromise. Senator Douglas had
maintained in the celebrated report accompany-
ing the Kansas bill—if the object was to get a
judicial question merely, why nofcJewe tfieTVlis-
gouri, (XkmpcogoM!* force ?* Or, if the Kansas
bill gives no power on that subject, why not say
it raises a judicial question, instead of that it gives
the people sovereignty over the subject of slavery ?
And if it does not give the people sovereignty on
this question, whar^Mjpular sovereignty do they
enjoy, that they have not had under every terri-
torial law since 1787? And if it does give the
power, because slavery is a domestic institution,
does it also, give to Utah the right of multiplying
wives by statutes? But this cry is now at an
end. The very authors of this measure, who say
the Kansas Legislature is a legal-one, have lately
passed a bill repealing a portion of their laws,
and now show that they nave abandoned their
dogma. Even the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] in the able argument to which I have
already referred, in which he contends for the
sovereignty of the people of Kansas, and the reg-
ularity of its Legislature, was at that very mo-
ment, in fact, denying both, by tendering to this
House a bill to repeal part of its laws. The gen-
tleman from Georgia  avowed a regard for the
sovereignty of Kansas, made manifest in her
laws, while holding in hand, at the same mo-
ment, a proposition to repeal them, as if he him-
self belwvea in the power.
So, the conspiracy againat*Kansas was only a
sequel of that legislation, and both were meant
to extend slavery. And therefore it was, at its
fatal conception, the North heaved tumultuous-
ly, as if an earthquake underlaid it—because it
entered the sanctuary of an old compact and pro-
faned it—because it made slavery possible where
it had been outlawed since 1800, and, in the midst
of a century of Christianity and knowledge, in-
augurating human slavery as the controlling influ-
ence in politics, threatened to jostle hostile inter-
ests against each other, and sow dragon 'e teeth, to
spring up full-armed passions, over a virgin ter-
ritory, hardly less in measure than the Roman
Empire when it was swayed by the first Caesars.
To make it palatable, the words, pleasant then,
but bitter now, "popular sovereignty," were
used. Bat it was necessary further to use am-
biguous words, instead of plain ones, to make it
bear favorable, though different constructions, at
both ends of the Union. Then the Kansas bill
spoke with a tongue forked like a serpent's. It
paltered to the public in a double sense. It said
to the North, "This is your victory, for by your
superiority of numbers and energy of colonization
you can now make your places of observation,
and build your fortresses of freedom around the
whole South, and wall it in, and keep it in a state
of siege till slavery dies." It said to the South,
" By the equality of the States, slavery now lives
again, and may overstep the boundary of the
States and enter the Territories, and fence in the
North, and stop its thrift." The very opposite
hopes it encouraged, created sections, and kin-
dled the passions that have stained Kansas with
blood.
That is the eminent merit of the Cincinnati
platform ,now. It reads two ways—to the South,
that slavery may enter all the public Territories
unopposed; to the North, that the people in the
Territory may exclude it, but d,ares not say either
of these things in a straightforward way, and is
silent on the subject the people are most concerned
to know.
In the midst of blunders of history, constitu-
tional criticism, and much wounded vanity ill-
concealed,: the President, in his late messages,
embraces one truth—that the land is agitated with
this subject. He had said the peace with which
his reign began should endure—to gain it credit,
he said it three times, in accepting the nomination
in 1852, in his inaugural message, and in his first
message, and then acted so as to show that none
of his promises, thrice told, were worth anything.
Sir, the President and the authors of the Ne-
braska bill are the agitators. I know no other
agitators. The cart-tail speech of Mr. Atchison
in Missouri, showing the coercion by which he
obtained the passage of that measure for the sake
of slavery, is full of verity. The President hesi-
tated at first. He stood shivering and fainting
at the brink, and did not plunge in, but allowed
himself to be drawn in—to be shoved in. Others
were pushed in, and then others, too poor to have
opinions of their own, or calculating the value of
the Nebraska bill in its advantage to themselves,
followed obsequiously after.
The invasions of Kansas were only overt and
violent acts of the conspiracy, but were not the
beginning. It began in the attempt to repeal the
Missouri compromise. Itbeganhere. Like the
conspiracy of Catiline, it was hatched in sight of
the Capitol.
The President, on the passage of the bill, was
already pledged to the work. Slavery had then
ally with extraordinary powers of mischief.
He appointed the Governor, who was only the
President's maehine, and held his office by the
tenure of complete obedience. The judges were
appointed, and amenable in the same manner.
They were even worse, for, unlike the Governor,
they had determined not to give up their con-
science's. The marshal of the Territory was the
President's marshal. .You called this popular sov-
ereignty. Here the President held in his hand
two of the most important branches of the terri-
torial government. There was but one more, the
Legislature, to master.
Mr. Atchison, by accident of position the Vice
President, relinquished his place in the Senate
Chamber, and hastened back to Missouri to pro-
vide for getting control of the Legislature. The
Blue Lodge grew up under his ingenious and cun-
ning handiwork. It was a secret society, rami-
fied, according to the proof before the investigat-
ing committee, through all the southern States,
oath-bound, and devoted to the spread of slavery,
and especially into Kansas. It pledged its num-
bers to go there, when commanded, for the pur-
pose of voting at election s, and levied contributions
to provide means for subverting, by organized
force, the Federal laws, and destroying all civil
rights in Kansas. So this force was gathered
together, combined under pledges of mutual sup-
