1290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
port, secretly inducted and initiated, that the
criminal purpose might be hid, to impose, by
violent and criminal means, a government and
institutions to which they were averse, on the
people of a neighboring Territory. The one
thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine that
marched out of Missouri into Kansas in Novem-
ber, 1854, and the four thousand nine hundred
and eight that, in array, and with the accom-
paniments of active war, again entered Kansas
in March, 1855, and on these two occasions gave
so many illegal votes, and excluded the citizens
of Kansas from the privilege of election, which
was the only power of government given them
by the organic act—all this organized militia of
slavery is within the criminal punishment of the
laws he has sworn to maintain, and yet the Pres-
ident has been silent.
The spirit of this aggression need not be told.
Warned before the second election of the coming
invasion, of which he in turn apprised the Pres-
ident, and with a manly purpose of protecting
his people, Governor Reeder had a thought of
interposing force against this outrage. But the ,
Squatter Sovereign m turn warned him of'he dan- [
ger of maintaining the faithful execution of the :
laws: j
" A military force to protect the ballot-box! Let Pres-
ident Pierce, or Governor Reeder, or any other power,
attempt such a course* in this, or any other portion of the
Union, and that day will never be forgotten." i
On the night before the invasion, and while the !
enemies of Kansas were accumulated in Mis- j
souri, on its frontier, ready to advance on its bal- 1
lot-boxes, General Strinefellow, whose word was |
oracular, met them, and gave them, in this lan- j
guage, his counsel and benediction:
" To those who have qualms of conscience as to violat-
ing laws, State or National, the time has come when such
impositions must be disregarded, as your rights and prop-
erty are in danger; and I advise you, one and all, to enter
every election district in Kansas, in defiance of Reeder and
his vile myrmidons, and vote at the point of the bowie-
knife and revolver. Neither give nor take quarter, as our ,
case demands it. It is enough that the slaveholduig inter-
est wills it, from which there is no appeal. What right has
Governor Reeder to rule Missourians in Kansas? His
proclamation and prescribed oath must be repudiated. It
is your interest to do so. Mind that slavery is established ,
where it is not prohibited." '
I avoid alluding to the details of that day of
guilt, read with shame and indignation over the
whole land, and to endure in sight of the whole
earth as an ineradicable blot on the national
honor. The invaders went back to Missouri on
the next day, and there published in the Squatter i
Sovereign, a newspaper patronized by the Admin-
istration, their bulletin of victory, dated Inde-
pendence, Missouri, March 31, 1855. It says:
" Several hundred emigrants from Kansas have just en-
tered our city. They were preceded by the Westport and
Independence brass bands. They came in at the west side
of the public square, and proceeded entirely around it, the
bands cheering us with fine music, and the emigrants with
good news. Immediately following the bands were about
two hundred horsemen in regular order; following these
were one hundred and fifty wagons, carriages, &c. They
gave repeated cheers for Kansas and Missouri. They report
that not an anti-slavery man will be in the Legislature o$0
Kansas. We have made a clean sweep."
Westport and Independence are in ecstacy!
We of Missouri have made a clean sweep of the
Legislature of Kansas ! Is this the entertainment
to which the people of the Territories were in-
vited ?
Lecompte encouraged. Jones, then the Presi-
dent's postmaster at Weston, now sheriff of
Douglas county, was holding a pistol at the breast
of an officer of the law of the United States, com-
pelling him to relinquish his office in five minutes
or die. The President has dishonored the proud
soldiery of the Republic, by compelling them, as
a posse, into obedience to such a ruffian. Atchi-
son was tempted away from Missouri to witness
this violation of the law he assisted to make, and
announces the result in his cart-tail speech, with
' the swagger of a Gascon, and the vulgar ferocity
of a pirate. He had advised the first inroad in
November, 1654:
" I saw it with my own eyes. These men came with
the avowed purpose of driving or expelling you from the
Territory. What did I advise you to do ? Why, meet them
at their own game. When the first election came off, [
told you to go over and vole. You did so, and beat them.
We, our party in Kansas, nominated General Whitfield.
" Well, what next? Why, an election for members of
the Legislature, to organize the Territory, must be held.
What did I advise you to do then? Why, meet them on
their own ground, and b«at tbwn at their own game again;
and, cold and inclement as the weather was, I went over
with a company of men.
«• My object in going was not to vote, but to settle a diffi-
culty between twoof our candidates; and Abolitionists of •
j the North said, and published it abroad, that Atch^on was
there with bowie-knife and revolver, and by God 'twas
true. I never did go into that Territory—I never intend to
go into that Territory—without being prepared for all such
kind of cattle. Well, we beat them ; and Governor Reeder
fave certificates to a majority of all the members of both
louses; and then,after they were organized, as everybody
will admit, they were the only competent persons to say
who were and who were not members of the same."
In a circular to the South, last autumn, Mr.
Atchison adds that Missouri alone had spent
$100,000 in carrying on the strife. And yet while
the judge of his own creation, and whose official
existence depended on him, the postmaster of
another State, and the late Vice President, were
trampling on the laws, and with arms in their
hands were treasonably defying the national
authority in Kansas, the President's authority
and influence slept soundly as a dog in a kennel.
The Executive, who threw wide open the doors
of the Treasury, and sent the armed force of the
sea and land to take back a fugitive from slavery
—exhausted himself in that spasmodic energy,
and had no power to exert to save a whole land
of freemen. Was the President in darkness ?
This terrible knowledge filled the whole land.
But, perhaps, he was not officially informed.
The executive minutes of Kansas were regularly
and officially laid before him, setting forth the full
enormity of this public crime. It was, also, re-
peatedly communicated to him in official letters.
He -was resting on that bed of glory he had spread
for himself at Greytown. Governor Reeder
pressed on his consideration the irregularities and
disorders of Kansas, and implored his help, and
he was slightly moved—but it was onLy in his
Cabinet. He heartily approved his conduct, but
required his resignation of office, because " Gen-
eral Atchison pressed it in the most excited man-
ner, and would listen to no reasoning at all."
He then proposed giving him a better office, then
tempted his integrity by hinting at an improve-
ment of his private affairs, then turned him out
of office, and volunteered as his calumniator.
The President is/iot safe from opinion, but he is
now safe from public justice. In the Cincinnati
convention he nad helped to compose, only three
and a half were finally found who had not made
up an opinion against him—not enough to make
ajury.
These significant illustrations of popular sov-
ereignty and the equality of the States, together
with the unparalleled series of disorders that fol-
lowed, not tolerated merely, but promoted and
aided by the agents of the Executive, are now-
referred to to freshen recollection of the infirm
and cowardly conduct lately mapped out at Cin-
cinnati for future policy, but principally to show
that, in its afceepted ana proper sense of collecting
and expressing the honest will of the people of
the Territory, no election has been held in Kan-
sas. The organic act limited the elective franchise
to " inhabitants who were actual residents." An
election implies a reflection of the popular will,
like a form exactly reflected from a mirror. No
such act of sovereignty has been exercised, be-
cause it has been prevented by armed conquests,
and all pretended elections and legislative action
are simply nullities. This replies at once to the
imputation of treason and revolutionary conduct,
modestly hinted in what Mr. Benton calls the
ipecac platform, and now affirmed by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] because
treason and revolution can only occur where
there are existing laws to l e opposed. The con-
spirators against the liberties of Kansas onjy are
revolutionary; while those who seek to maintain
the narrow privileges conveyed by the organic
act are alone faithful to the supremacy of the law.
The gentleman from Georgia glides by the
crime by saying that certificates of election were
given by Governor Reeder. Grant it. But his
act m'giving certificates was clarical, and not ju-
dicial, and could give no legal quality to an act
that had none without it. It gave the persons
who held them no greater strength of right. This
is maintained by President Pierce in his message
of January 24th last, in speaking of the election
of Whitfield as a Delegate in November, 1854,
who also had a certificate of election from Reeder:
" Any question," the Ffesidant saf s," appertaining to the
qualification of the persons voting as people of the Territory,
would have passed, necessarily and at onee, under the
supervision of Congress, as the judge of the validity of the
returns of the Delegate."
Entering on the duties of legislators gave no
strength to the title of the Legislature. It could
only have root, and derive validity, from an elec-
tion held in strict compliance with the organic act
What follows the popular act of election at the
ballot-box, the return, the Governor's certificate,
&c., is only an official form, authenticating the
act of election, but not enlarging it, or altering its
quality. The true question, in inquiring into the
verity of an election, is, is its result a fair expo-
nent of the will of the people entitled to use the
franchise ? If it is not, the election is a nullity.
A legitimacy of title in that manner, and from the
people of the Territory, it never had.
But Atchison argued at the cart-tail, tjiat Reeder
having given the certificates, after the persons
<^osen by the invaders were organized into a
mock Legislature, " everybody would admit they
were the only competent persons to say who
were, and who were not, members." If, as he
says, it was competent for the Legislature to
decide it, it was not competent for Reeder. But
the proposition of General Atchison is not gen-
erally admitted, but denied. The Legislature
could decide nothing without first having a legal
title to sit, which is the point in dispute.
But no cobwebs of forms shall surround and
sanctify this outrage. Whatever might be the
condition of a State in such a case of contested
sovereignty, there is none here. Congress is the
paramount sovereign of the public Territories;
and may not only utterly vacate this irregular
government, butdestroy—ifit were absurd enough
to do so—all functions of government whatever
throughout all the Territories. If it was com-
petent for Congress to prescribe elections, it is
competent to set them aside. To declare, what
is the fact, the invalidity of the territorial legis-
lation of Kansas, and reassert and reclaim its
delegated sovereignty, will at once put a period
to the outrage and crime now maintained, for
slavery's sake, at the very heart of our Empire.
All of that legislation should perish. Not the
least memorial should remain to remind its people
hereafter of a foreign servitude.
Inpursuing this argument, the gentleman from
Georgia ingeniously compared the waste of hu-
man life in Kansas with that sometimes produced
by popular violence in mobs and riots, and made
it satiaftetory eeiHtff. ^ gut he will here observe
the difference. Without apology, a  all acts of
popular violence are, these emeutes do not com-
promise the honor of the State, because it has no
present force equal to subdue the violence. But
in Kansas, disorders have occurred on system,
beginning in November, 1854, furnishing para-
graphs for almost every newspaper since, com-
prising the armed police on the Missouri river,
armed invasions, tne ballot-box defiled, speech
silenced, the press destroyed, imprisoning, trying,
plundering, robbing, expelling, burning, murder-
ing—and throughout all, the Executive and his
officials have silently or actively lent themselves
to the work. In the one case, the violence is too
sudden and violent for the law topreventit. Here,
where, by a refinement of malice, the outrage is
slowly distilled and measured, the law is power-
ful, but the Executive is weak. Here these dis-
orders have continued, because the President has
not wished, because the President had already
determined not, to prevent them. Here he ac-
quires his eminence of infamy.
If this be popular sovereignty, according to the
principles of the Nebraska-Kansas bill—if, in this
mode only, the people of the public domain are
to regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, for the national honor we cherish and of
human nature itself, outraged in this unexampled
calendar of wrong, let it be ended. If this be not
popular sovereignty now, when will its fruition
come?
The firm purpose is set. It has been revolved
in the public mind, and is fixed in the public
heart, that the large territory seajed to freedom
by the act for the admission of Missouri in 1820,
shall remain so forever. This is the nomination
of our fathers' bond, and the Nebraska act was an
unfilial judgment on their memories. . But recov-
ered or not, the- resolution is not less inflexible..
