1856.]
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
This ia not aggression, for it pauses at a limita-
tion the South enforced and the North has ac-
?uiesced in, for more than A third of a century,
i is only an act of .resistance to aggression on !
the covenanted rights of th§ North.
A party does not have its nationality in the dif-
fusion of'its members, but in its faith. Mr. Mad-
ison, the father of the Constitution, obtained the
exclusion of the word slave from that instrument
on the ground that when slavery had perished
out of its existing limits, we should not wish to
remember that it had ever existed. The whole
convention agreed to it. Cotemporaneous and
subsequent history attest that the speedy extinc-
tion of slavery was then supposed. Getting back
to that point of departure, we are at the spot of
true nationality. The " proper Democracy,"
described hs Jackson, as distinguished from the
spurious E^nocracy that attempted to ingraft on
our old and honored creed the slavery propagand-
ises of Calhoun, maintained it. For the hono#
of the Democratic party of Indiana, that boasted
such a chief as Howard, and that perished in de-
bauch and profligacy at the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, leaving only a name to be
worn by those who had abandoned its principles,
it deserves to be remembered, and my colleague,
[Mr. English,] and the president of the Senate,
[Mr. Bright,] are the witnesses, that it main-
tained toil 184b—and then, after a short interreg-
num of doubt, until 1853—the doctrine of slavery
restriction and freedom to all the Territories.
That was national then, and, helped by others, ;
when they abandon us, we now carry on the j
cause.
It is the spirit and quality of public liberty to
be aggressive on everything that is wrong. _ It
yields no w ong conditions, asks no auxiliaries,
but only a fair and open field. "Let truth and
falsehood grapple," said Milton, full of faith,
when defending the liberty of the press. " Who
ever knew truth put to the worse in free and
open encounter? For who knows not that truth
is strong, next to the Almighty?" But yet,
though opposing what the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] has denominated " the prin-
ciple of a division of the territory," which he
makes a reason for the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; to silence this cavil, let us compare
the territorial gain to the two sections since the
adoption of the Constitution. The Northwest
Territory is excluded, because its political condi-
tion was fixed under the Confederation. So, too,
for the same reason, Kentucky, Tennessee^ and
the north part of Alabama and Mi""i*ippi,
excIudqQF The North has then gained:
"  50,914 square miles.
1UWK...I «••••••• • leenon it «<
California   
   206,894 « «
Louisiana, acquired from France, extended on
the east to the Perdido river, the west boundary
of Florida. The South has, then, gained and
organized into States j
South part of Alabama and Mississippi.... 48,9i® sq.lmiles.
Louisiana  
Arkansas  
  
Texas 
Florida 59>368
a
u
a
Total -579'040 "
The South has acquired twelve Senators whjje
the free States have acquired only four. The
South has acquired twenty-three members in
the House of Representatives on the basis of
slaves, for which the North has no equivalent,
except in good conscience. With less than one
half of the white population of the North, the
South has acquired and enjoys twice as much
territory, and been permitted to muster the con-
trolling influence of legislation in both branches
of. Congress. But this disparity becomes enor-
mous, if the Cincinnati dogma, that the Consu-
tuuon, by its own vigor, transports slavery into
the common domain, is to be maintained; for then,
subject to the struggle for the mastery, one million
four hundred and seventvtwo-thousand and sixty-
one square miles are to be added to the territorial
gains of the South, a realm as large as European
Russia, set apart, under free and equal laws, to
the perpetuation of human bondage.
Three fourths of the national revenue, derived
from customs, is paid by the North. More than
a moiety of it has been, immemorially, expend-
ed in the South. Staples of southern produc-
tion are protected, so as to add millions yearly
to the riches of her planters. The North pays
#4,391,860 80 postage; $2,381,607 16 is expended
in it. The South pays $1,486,984 06 postage, j
The service consumes not this only, but also
$600,266 05 more derived from the North. This
is not said in complaint, but to evince how ground- i
less is the clamor of the injustice of the North.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] admits, in a letter to the Hon. W. C. Dud-
ley, the kindness of the North, but says it is
wholly due to northern Democrats: I
"The northern Democrats aided as to bring into the
Union Texas, a magnificent slaveholding Territory—large
enough to make four slave States—and strengthened ua
motte in that peculiar interest than was. ever before done by
any single act of the Federal Government. Since then,
'they have amended a very imperfect fugitive slave law,
passed in 1793, and have given us now a law for the recov-
ery of fugitive slaves, as stringent as the ingenuity of man
could devise. Since, they have aided us by their votes in
establishing the doctrine of non-intervention with, slavery,
by Congress, in the Territories. Since then they have actu-
ally repealed the Missouri restriction, opened the Territo-
ries to settlement, and enabled us, if the South will be true
to herself, and aid in peopling Kansas, to form another slave
State. In 1843 a man would have been pronounced insane,
had he predicted that flattery would be introduced there by the
removal of congressional restrictions
To this lame and impotent conclusion to the
degradation of being only a hireling for the prop-
; agation of slavery on the national domain, they
tell tis that the Democracy of Jefferson ana
: Jackson have gone downl In all its forms sla-
very is an evil. Theologians may maintain its
> divine right and pedigree, and deduce, as they
do, white and black slavery together, out of its
oracles, but it remains true that it requires in the
slave a perpetual crucifixion of the duties of
Christian life. But, in the sense of political econ-
omy, and in its social life, so far as connected
with thateconomy,which is the politician's scope,
except in money, it is an unmixed evil—to the
slave, the middle class, the master—paralyzing
every relation and interest, in which good econ-
omy (by which is meant the greatest happiness i
of those governed in a State) consists. Its only 1
! profit is as a mercenary institution, and there it is ;
limited to a few.
History abounds in parallels, and is forever re- ;
producing itself. It is nowhere more instructive
than when, in its numerous examples, it paints
the weakness and 4«clj *th*t slavery introduces
into a State, .before its final catastrophe—the
strong contrasts it makes on the canvass, of the
riches, dissipation, power, and authority, of the
few, and the vice, degradation, and sufferings, of
the masses. •
Mr. Bancroft, eminent more as the illustrator
! j of our history than as the head of our diplomacy,
says:
i " In the early periods of Rome, Cincinnatus, at work m
i his field, was the model of patriotism. Agnculture and
i: war were the labor and office of freemen. Little farms
' studded the country, and nursed, an independent race.
But, in the time of the Gracchi, the plow was in the hands
'! of the slave. The greater number of freemen were excluded
I from employment by the increase of slavery, and its ten-
dency to codfer the exclusive possession of the soil on the
lew The palaces of the wealthy towered in the landscape
in solitary grandeur—the plebeians hid themselves in mis-
erable hovels. Deprived of all the dignity of freeholders,
thev could not even hope for occupation, for the opulent
landowner preferred rather to make use of his slaves.
Tiberius Gracchus saw the inhabitants of the Roman State
divided into the few wealthy nobles, the many indigent
citizens, the still more numerous class of slaves. Reason-
ing correctly, he perceived that it was slavery which
crowded the poor man out of employment, and barred the
wav to his advancement. In the midst of a land corrupted
and impoverished by slavery, it was the purpose of Grac-
chus. bv the agrarian law, to create a Roman yeomanry by
increasing the number of landed proprietors. It was de-
signed to create in Italy a yeomanry, instead of slaves, to
substitute free laborers, to plant liberty, to perpetuate the
Roman Commonwealth, by identifying its principles with
the cnlture of the soil. Gracchus claimed it for the free.
" Philanthropy, when it contemplates a slave holding
country, may .have its first sympathies "cited for the
„iaveg but it is a narrow benevolence which stops there.
The needy freeman is in a worse condition. The slave
has his task, and also his home and his bread. He is the
member of a wealthy family. The indigent freeman has
neither labor, nor house, nor food; and, divided by a broad
eulf from the upper class, he has neither hope nor ambi-
tion He is so abject, that even the slave despises him.
For the interest of the slaveholder is diametrically opposite
to that of the free laborer. The slaveholder is the com-
petitor of the free laborer, and, by the I«a*e of alavef, takes
the bread from his mouth. The wealthiest man in Rome
was the competitor of the poorest carpenter. The patri-
cians took away the business of the sandal-makers. The
existence of slavery made the opulent owners of bond-
men the rivals of the poor; greedy after the profits of their
labor, and monopolizing those profits through their slaves. ,
In every community where slavery is tolerated, the poor
freeman will always be found complaining of hard times.
" Slavery tends to diminish the frequency of marriages
in the class of masters. In a State where emancipation is
forbidden, the slave population will perpetually gain in
relative numbers." * * * * "The position is certain
and universal; nowhere was it more amply exemplified
than in Rome."
But slavery had then, as now, its pimps, and
parasites, and hirelings. Even the poor whites
themselves became silent cowards, as they do (
now, before their rich and powerful oppressors;
and the Atchisons and Shannons of Roman sla- .
very were permitted to slay the pure and incom-
parable tribune of the people, Gracchus, the free-
soiler, as he went up the steps of the capitol; and
liis corpse, like the carcass of a dog, was dragged
through the streets and tossed contemptuously
into tne yellow Tiber.
But vengeance followed the spoliators of the
poor whites in Italy. Shut out from labor and
from owning lands, it was necessary to feed them
•from the public granaries. These were to be filled
by the labor of slaves. Bancroft says:
i "It was a greater burden than the fruits of slavery could
bear. The deficiency was supplied by the plunder of for-
eign countries. The Romans, as a nation, became a band
of robbers."
Is this the destiny of our own, the last and best
of all republics ? to linger in weakrtess from day
to day with this political canker at its vitals, and
to perish finally in crime ?
The parallel desolation has begun here, and, if
uncured, will have the same catastrophe.
Said Senator Preston, of South Carolina, in
in 1836:
"No southern man can journey, as I have done, through
the northern States, and witness the prosperity, the industry,
the public spirit, which they exhibit; the sedulous cultiva-
tion of those arts by which life is made comfortable and
respectable, without feelings of deep sadness and shame,
■ as he remembers bis own neglected and desolate home.
There no dwelling is te be seen abandoned, no farm uncul-
tivated, no man idle, no waterfall .even unemployed. Every
person and everything performs a part toward the grand
result, and the whole land is covered with fertile fields, With
I manufactories, and canals, and railroads, and puofic edl-
' fices, and towns and cities." * * "The population
becomes, as it were, a single set of muscles, animated by
one heart, and dincted by a common sensotium.
" How different tha condition of things in the Sonth!
Here, the face of the country wears the aspect of prema-
ture old age and decay. No improvement is seen going on,
nothing is done for posterity, no man thinks of anything
beyond the present moment. Our lands are yearly tasked
to their utmost capacity of production, and when ex-
hausted, are abandoned for the youthful West."
Slavery has no invention or skill. " Idleness,
treachery and theft," Mr. Bancroft says, " are
its vices." In, that wonderful store-house of
American invention, the Patent Office, the follow-
ing are the figures of practical invention:
North, from 1790 to 1849, inclusive, 14,559 patents.
South, from 1790 to 1847, " 2,475 "
North, for 1855  1-684
South, for 1855  222 "
A free and slave population are, relatively, con-
servative and progressive. In the one there is
industry, invention, skill, general comfort, prog-
ress. In the other, speaking of it as a whole,
these are wanting, and everything stands still.
They resemble the different conditions in physics,
of inertia and momentum.
But the worstTact of slavery, in its political
relation,is the weakness it gives a State, as against
a foreign enemy. The condition of the slave is
not the paradise it seems to be to some benevolent
minds. It maybe unreasonable in him not to be
contented with his lot, after a long endurance of
ignorance, degradation and suffering, and when his
manly and moral sensibilities ought to be blunted.
But reasonable or not, the slave is not contented
with his condition; and it is because he is not,
and often turns his eyes in the night-watches to
the north star, that fugitive slave laws are neces-
sary to compel him into a bondage he seeks every
opportunity to fly from. The slave is in our
social and political system, but forms no part of
it. A native of the soil and among his kind, he
is without family, or home, or country. His
heart however it may be subdued by law from
expressing itself in overt acts, is at war with the
surrounding circumstances by whioh be is op-
