1892
.APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
pressed; and he only bides his time and waits his
opportunity to rise in the ferocity of his untamed
nature, anu confront his Oppressor. As against
a foreign enemy, he is our enemy in-the midst of
the garrison; and just as much as we extend sla-
very, we strengthen an internal foe against our
peace, happiness, and safety. It is painful to
indicate this point of greatest national danger and
weakness; but, forewarned, if we are wise, we
may be forearmed.
An example of the fugitive and dangerous na-
ture of this property, before slavery had become
augmented to its present alarming numbers, oc-
curred during our last war with Great Britain,
and is preserved in much angry diplomacy that
followed the treaty of Ghent. One of the articles
of that treaty stipulated, on the part of the British
Government, compensation for all property taken
by the enemy, ana remaining in its hands at the
exchange of ratifications. Under this clause com-
pensation was claimed for fugitive slaves at that 1
moment remaining with the armed forces of the
enemy, not for all who had become scattered and
fugitive during the progress of the war, but such
only as adhered to the armed enemy at the mo-
ment of the exchange of ratifications. An award i
of the Emperor of Russia, to whom the construc-
tion of so much of the treaty was referred, re-
shall another Spartacus arise and lead away "the
hosts of slaves from our midst? or another Eunus
erect his cruel tribunal, and bring the masters to
indiscriminate judgment for the whole past? or
shall we endure in our own midst, at desolated
hearths, and in the presence of our fields spoiled
by war and rapine, another St. Domingo ?
Warned by all this, no other Shannon shall
swarm his barbarians on the Wakarusa, to insult,
alarm, plunder, rob, and murder the people of
his charge, for the fault of loving liberty and
the laws too well, nor another Pierce joyfully
convey to Congress, after having compelled the
ignominious submission, that the affairs of the
Territory are arranged " in the most satisfactory
manner.
National honor, peace, happiness, and union,
will be safe by going back and taking lessons of
the past. This cause is the people's. It, too,
has its representative champion. Educated into
a personal knowledge of servitude and its in-
stincts, his vows,, young as Hannibal's, were
recorded against it. Fremont has honored his
country; he has served science, which serves all
mankind; he has explored a wilderness, and made
its features familiar as a friend's; he has ascend-
ed rivers to their springs, and climbed to mountain
tops that looked down on the Pacific, resting in
quired payment for this class of fugitives from the its immense basin quietly as a child in arms; he
British Government, which, November 13, 1826, i has enlarged knowledge. In all this, he has
settled the amount by convention at $1,204,960. j maintained the modesty of true merit; and in a
Proofs had already been made, and were on the ! time-serving age, he is as much remarkable for
_ _ . n /• . 1 /•  1     1_ . 1 -     - A. I  . A M V mm M awl, n 6 i-% A M n ft Aid IIVI 11
files of our State Department, of the presence of
the following fugitives with the enemy at the
time of exchanging the ratifications of the treaty:
Stole*. Slaves. Average. Amount.
Maryland   714 230
Virginia 1,721
South Carolina  10
•Georgia  833
Louisiana  259
Mississippi  92
Delaware  2
Alabama   18
Alexandria   3
390
390
580
280
280
390
280
$199,920
481,880
3,900
324,870
150,220
6 160
560
7,620
840
3,582
1,175,370
Almost an army of brawny men, recruited from
our own midst, at a season of languishing mari-
time warfare, inflamed by a sense of life*long in-
juries, invoked to a ferocious revenge, and,rather
than again be subdue^ to slavery, prepared to
make the terrible resistance of despair.
The persevering reproach brought against our
republican honor, of maintaining slavery in our
midst, at this age of knowledge and humanity,
found a generous consideration and even protec-
tion against our accusers, so long as we replied
the difficulty of dealing with it now, as a practi-
cal evil, ana the compulsion against our remon-
strances by which it was first ihtroduced here;
because such an answer implied that we only
wished and waited for a safe means of extrica-
tion. But we now revive the reproach, and take
to ourselves, nationally, the ignominy of main-
taining slavery, when we take sides with its prop-
agation, and insist on it as a social and political
blessing; for, if it be a blessing, there is no
longer any reproach in having brought it here;
ana, having stripped ourselves of this cover, we
stand in nakedness to be chastised by the scorn
and condemnation of all mankind.
This brings me to the language of eminent
force and truth of the gentlemsfti from Georgia,
[Mr. Warner:]
" There is not a slaveholder, ta this House or out of it, but
who know* perfectly well that whenever slavery is confined
within certain special limits, its future existence is doomed ;
it is only a question of time as to its final destruction.
Slavery cahhot bb confined within certain specified
limits without ntoercixa the destruction or both
xtim amd slavs."
And if slavery, in its struggle for life, is to ex-
pand ail over the Territories, and fill the master's
tills, what then ? I have shown that, proceeding
in its present augmented ratio, colonization will
fill the whole domain before the end of the present
generation. And after slavery, along with it,
shall have spread OVer all our Territories, what
then ? Is not the present a mere palliative, and a
postponement of the evil time ? Slavery will then
De crowded, and fall back on itself. What shall
then be its cure ? Shall we then extend the his-
torical parallel, and enter o  a life of robbery? or
what he has not been, as for what he has been and
is. But his best title to remembrance is, that he
conquered and laid the foundations of a free State
at that uttermost limit of our empire. We trust
the qualities he has displayed, and his honorable
fame for his inflexible devotion to the right; for
this "good old cause" repels the maxims of pri-
vate outrage for party, or of national robbery for
national gain, but adheres to truth older- than
Christianity, and as pure—that told by Solon to
the wise men at the feast of the tyrant of Cor-
inth, that that is the best republic where an
injury to the humblest citizen is an injury to the
whole State; and that other, uttered by Socrates
in the saddler's shop at Athens, that nothing
whatever can be sound in politics that is not
sound in the morals of private life.
FOREIGN POLICY of the united states.
SPEECH OF .HON. L. D. EVANS,
OF TEXAS,
IK THE Housk OF REMisiBtrr ATITI;*,
July 24,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Uniun—
Mr. EVANS said:
Mr. Chairman: I am fully aware that it may
be deemed, by some, both improper and pre-
sumptuous, in a new member of this House, to
dissent from the opinions or dispute the policy
of older, wiser, and more experienced states-
men, and especially if these wield the powers and
wear the dignities of administrative functions, or
occupy the position of guiding lights, and expo-
nents of great and influential parties. Neverthe-
less, my own reason and conscience alike compel
me to differ with certain distinguished leaders and
masters of political authority; and the same in-
terior and earnest monitors of the mind prompt
me to the expression of that disagreement with
all the intellectual force which I may be able
to command; but yet in the terms and spirit of
a just, impartial, and courteous criticism. And,
although a sense of public duty constrains me to
present several facts' which may prove unpleasant
to the feelings of others, I can well assure them,
one and all, that I am actuated by no unworthy
motives of unkindness, or the wish *o inflict un-
necessary pain.
The session is now rapidly drawing to a close,
when all its aets will be fixed forever in the
annals of the irrevocable past. _ But, before the
j day of final adjournment, I desire to record my
I dissatisfaction with the poverty of the results
I which have been effected by all its profuse ex-
t penditures of time, talent*, and energy. There
lies around us, in unsightly confusion, a vast
arrearage of'neglected affairs, both foreign and
domestic, which, as a debt of honor to our own
dignity and of respect to our own constituents,
should at least have been subjected to the com-
plaisance of a discussion.
The whole country is aggrieved and disgraced
by the utter inefficiency of our only nominal Navy,
so strangely disproportionate to the grandeur and
greatness of our mercantile marine. But still no
well-digested plan has been suggested, no vigorous
movement has been made for its reorganization
or improvement. Our coast defenses are notori-
ously and even shamefully inadequate. We have
no sufficient and systematic scheme of protection
for our immense frontier, infested as it is by roving
and ruthless bands of hostile savages. But worse
than all, we have no safe or suitable lines of com-
munication between the heart and OThter of the
Republic, and those remote, yet imperial posses-
sions that stretch far away through so many
degrees of latitude along the shores of the Pacific
ocean; and at this very hour, all the treasures and
trade of California are held by us as tenants at suf-
ferance by the mere mercy of that great maritime
Power who arrogantly and tnlly boasts, " that
she can, at her own pleasure, cut in twain the
inter-State commerce of the Union!" And with
that same mighty Power, the most sagacious and
politic, in the world, we have issues, both old and
new, of the utmost importance, and of the most
complicated character, which demand immediate
attention, and speedy adjustment. There are
delicate questions connected with Central Amer-
ica, with Cuba, with Hayti, and others, growing
out of different interpretations of public and inter-
national law, which,at any the most unexpected
moment, and while we remain destitute of all
prudent preparation for so desperate a conflict,
may involve us in the horrors of a war with the
greatest maritime power on the globe.
It is not my design or desire to enumerate the
wrongs which we have suffered at the hands of
England, for the purpose of exciting national
prejudices, or to widen the unnatural breach be-
tween the people of the United States and their
brethren of the British Islands, bound together,
as they are, by such numerous and endearing
ties of interest, as well as affection. I would not,
if I could, provoke a quarrel with that other and
older branch t>f the, great Anglo-Saxon stock,
from whom we derive our blood, our language,
««* oar rsligioa; and to whom all the rest of
mankind, anclthe gtoriOMeooseof -liberty, law,
and progressive civilization, stand so -gerylargely
and permanently indebted on the br^L ledger
of the world's history. I desire only, in a calm
and philosophic spirit, to state those grievances
which a wise and prudent policy should endeavor,
by vigorous, but if possible, by pacific means, to
redress, and thus prevent the occasion and all
necessity for the dire appeal to the umpirage of
arms—^in event that every intelligent mind must
regard^as a most terrible calamity to both coun-
tries, and to the human species.
But it does nof follow as a logical sequence,
that the assertion"and maintenance of our inde-
pendent and sovereign rights and interests as a
great nation, or that the fulfillment of our exalted
and wonderful destiny, will tend to disastrous
collisionswith anyotherPower. On the contrary,
a firm, just, and fearless policy towards foreign
Governments, claiming every privilege to which
we are fairly entitled, and resenting even the ap-
pearance of a wrong, is the surest of all methods
to secure the blessings of a prosperous and per-
manent peace. It is with nations as with indi-
viduals. As a general rule, their rights will only
be respected when they unite the will with the
ability to defend them. There are some timorous
statesmen, who seem inclined to patient ana un-
complaining submission under any aggray0"011
or amount of injury, from their morbid and imag-
inary horror at the dangers of war. These sens-
itive and over-cautious politicians misapprenena
the real character and tendencies of the js*e• y
utterly forget and ignore the great fact, that there
are far mightier agencies at work m 'this
world of ours, than any fleets which ever swept
the ocean, or than any armies that can thunder
on the land. The day has passed, never to return,
I when masses of mere muscle, or bundles of brute
