1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129?
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
Spanish and monarchal faction. Besides, the
European Spaniards were divided among them-
selves; some avowing their preference for the
constitution, while others declared in favor of the
ancient regime. An attack on the property of the
Church alienated the clergy from the new author-
ity; ami the Viceroy, Apodaca, being encouraged
by the intrigues of the royalists in Europe, al-
though he had sworn allegiance to the present
political order, joined in a general conspiracy for i
its overthrow. Iturbide was the person selected
to offer the first open demonstration against the ;
existing Government, and for the restoration of j
the former despotism, both in Church and State; |
and to that end, the Viceroy appointed him to 1
the command of a large army on the western
coast. But the agent departed widely from the
wishes of his principal. Instead of pronouncing
for Spanish absolutism, as he had promised, he
pat forth a scheme of his own, the famous " plan
of lguala," declaring that Mexico should be an |
independent nation, its religion Catholic, and the (
Government a constituyonal monarchy; the crown
to be conferred on Ferdinand VII. of Spain, pro- !
Tided he would consent to a personal occupation
of the throne.
Although historical scrutiny has not yet been
enabled to ftthom the secret motives which in-
fluenced Iturbide in his splendid project, beneath
the thick vail thrown so carefully around it, the
statesman's eye «u perceive the cunning hand
of English policy working darkly: However, :
the Viceroy was speedily deposed; and so'sooA
as they became satisfied of Iturbide's sincerity
is erecting the signal of independence, Guerrero
and Victoria, with all the survivors of the original
insurgents, and large detachments of Creole
troops, rallied to his standard. This fact proves
incontestably that the great object, the sole aim
of the Mexican revolutionists was not civil lib-
erty—of which they had scarcely any conception—
but rather the realization of Mexican nationality,
to which they have always been so vehemently
devoted.
A Congress soon assembled, and presented,
in the division of opinion among its members,
three powerful parties. The Bqnrboniats ad-
hering to the plan of lguala; the Republicans
desiring a confederation of free States; and the
Iturbidists, who sought the imperial elevation of
their favorite general. Here we see two thirds
of the national deputies, fresh from the people,
and justas they had emerged from the fiery furnace
of the revolution, manifesting a decided prefer-
ence for the forms of monarchy. , Kit
altogether unexpected, 'destroyed the hopes pi
the BourbonisU. The Spanish Government, with
that perverse and incurable stupidity by which
it has been so long and so preeminently distin-
guished, spnrned the plan of lguala, and refused
the compromise that would have given a son of
Spain an American crown.
One cannot forbear remarking what incalcu-
lable blessings and benefits the folly of some ob-
stinate or silly nation may unintentionally confer
upon others. How different must have been the
destinies of these United States, if the policy of
the Mexican Bourbonists had been adopted by
the Spanish court! A European Power, in fra-
ternity with all the despots of the Old World,
and under the special protectorate of England,
would have been stationed as a giant sentinel to
warn us away from the Southwest. There would
have been no annexation of the rich cotton-fields
of Texas, no settlement of Oregon, and no cul- i
mination of California's golden star. But what
wild, wasting wars, what European interference
and intrigues, what armaments sailing at the
mandate of the Holy Alliance, to conquer the
force and quench the light of our dangerous ex-
ample, might there not have been!
' The Spanish faction, hopeless of a Bourbon,
after the negative of Spain, and favoring any
name or semblance of despotism sooner than
liberal government, went oyer to the party of
Iturbide, and he was proclaimed emperor. But
Santa Anna, formerly one of his firmest sup-
portent, joined an extensive conspiracy against
him, overturned his brief authority, and, in 1824,
the provisoes became united in a federal repub-
lic. Nevertheless, the old monarchical faction,
though grievously wounded, was far from being
New Series—-No. 82.
dead, and two years subsequently it revived to
fresh life and activity in a most novel and unpre-
cedented form. The masonic societies, then ex-
tremely numerous in Mexico, separated into two
opposing parties, under the titles of the Escoces
ana Yorlcinos, or the Scotch and the York lodges.
The first, of Scottish origin, embraced the large
proprietors, men of the greatest wealth, aristo-
cratic in opinion, and inclined to the establish-
ment of a powerful government, and especially
all the partisans of a Bourbon dynasty. The
Yorkinos, whose organization had been founded
by the New York masons, through the agency of
Mr. Poinsett, the envoy of the United States,
advocated Democracy in opposition to both a
central and a royal government, and urged, as
the only means of permanently pacifying the
country, the forcible expulsion of all the Euro-
pean Spanish residents.
Thus early we behold the subtile intrigues of
English policy, developed in the bosom of Mex-
ican politics. And it is worthy of particular
remembrance, that the first violent breach of the
law, and palpable treason to the Government, pro-
ceeded from the Scotch faction, when, in 1827,
Don Manuel Montafio published at Otumba a
plan for the insurrectionary reformation of the
constitution. Civil war followed, with its rav-
ages, robberies, and scenes of bloodshed too hor-
rible for description, until Santa Anna's final de-
sertion from the Republican party in 1834. Then,
the unconquerable spirit of liberty was kept alive
nowhere inthe vast territories of Mexico, save
in the "previously paltry and unimportant prov-
ince of Texas; and there it proved to be invin-
cible and immortal.
To the succeeding events of public Mexican
history I need not allude, as they belong in a
manner to the annals of our own country. I will
only add one startling fact, which is capable of
incontrovertible proofs, that the old European and
Bourbon faction is still in as vigorous existence
as ever; and that very lately, even since the Amer-
ican occupation of the Mexican capital, French
intrigues nave been busy with that party for the
enthronement of a European potentate. The
scheme was briefly this—the marriage of dueen
Christiana, of Spain, to prince Napoleon, and the
inauguration of their joint reign over the Mexican
people. In historical justice, however, I am
compelled to state, that Santa Anna strenuously
objected to the Bonaparte branch of the projects
alleging that, as he himself was the Napoleon of
the West, he should, be deemedentitled to imitate
a^Napofconiri example—that he would, therefore,
put away his antiquated and withered wjfe, and
wed the Spanish woman, as his great prototype
did her of Austria; and thus he would acquire a
legitimate right to don the imperial diadem of
Spanish succession in the golden halls of the
Montszumas! All this sounds romantic, or ridic-
ulous, as some myth of the middle ages; and yet
it is a sober and ominous reality.
The imperYect sketch and epitope of Mexican
history, which I have exhibited, shows conclu-
sively that the anarchy and revolution which have
so fearfully afflicted that unhappy country, did
not, in any instance, spring from the great body
of the people. The storms of civil war agitated
the surface, but never extended to the depths, or
touched the center of society. All of them, with-
out exception, began and ended with the Euro-
pean or Creole Spaniards; while the aggression
and grievance always came from the faction of
monarchy, incited and stimulated by foreign in-
fluence, or provoked by the dissatisfaction of the
clergy. I do not desire to say anything offensive
to any man's conscience, or to intimate anything
injurious to any system of worship. I regard
the discussion of religious subjects as much out
of place in the legislative hall as the profane
preaching of politics in the pulpit, so strangely in
fashion of late. Religion is exclusively a matter
between man, as an immortal and spiritual being,
and the Deity whom he is graciously permitted
to adore; and no tribunal or authority on the
earth has a right to Scan or criticise that sacred
and unsearchable relation. But when this divine
institution, the eldest and most beautiful offspring
of Heaven, descends from its dignity, and dese-
crates its holiness in the pollutions of secular and
sinful excitement, it loses its celestial prerogative
of exemption from impugnment, and becomes
fairly amenable to human censure.
The main objection to the clerical order in
Mexico is not because it is Catholic, but because
it is political, the most powerful and grinding
mental despotism that ever was established under
the sun. It has no just claim to the character
of catholic at all, or in any rational sense. As
early as 1502, the King of Spain was constituted
heaa of tne American church, to the entire exclu-
sion of all separate spiritual jurisdiction, or even
appellate supremacy, on the part of the Roman
pontiff. Under this unnatural and Asiatic sys-
tem of religious domination, devised to secure
the civil tyranny of the Spanish Government, the
people were subjected to a species of intellectual
slavery unparalleled in the annals of the world.
Their ignorance, idolatry, and almost brutal su-
perstition, rivaled even the frenzied follies of
the most unenlightened Pagan lands. The awful
weight of a political despotism pressed every
sentiment of freedom into the earth; while the
fierce hand of religious intolerance shut the gates
of heaven against all humanity that would not
purchase a passage to its glory by gold. Like
railroad tickets, seats were sold for Paradise, but
only to the bigoted and the blind. So that now,
for more than three centuries, all power has been
concentrated in the priesthood and in the army.
The bell and the drum have been the only sym-
bols of authority. Every insurrection has been
proclaimed by the chimes of the one, or the roar
of the other. No spontaneous movements, no
explosive eruptions, as of outbreaking volcanic
and central fire, have proceeded from the masses,
too' deeply buried beneath mountains of cruel and
stifling oppression.
Well, then, may I claim, on the strength of
these facts, a full justification of my previous
assertion, that the Mexican people are as easily
governed as any variety of the human race. The
proposition has also been demonstrated on the
Rio Grande, in Texas, as well as in New Mexico,
since the annexation of those regions to the United
States. For in both the places .mentioned, al-
though nine tenths of the inhabitants are pure
Mexicans, and both are border countries, we yet
hear of no anarchy, rebellion, bloodshed, or that
climax of social disorder which, in Kansas, has
disgraced the American name. But even if the
truth were different, if the Mexican character
were all that its worst enemies and most malig-
nant revilers represent it to be, their deduction
from the supposed premises would only appear
as a more glaring non sequitur; since, upon every
principle ofhumanityana self-interest, the greater
would be the necessity of American interposition
to ameliorate the dangerous misrule, and tame
the savage instincts, of so near and mischievous
a neighbor. /
But what method of teaching should we adopt?
Must we take up arms, and educate the ignorant
and indocile population of Mexico at the cannon's
mouth, or witn the point of the bayonet? Or
should we send troops of fillibusters there, to in-
struct them in the philosophy of. good manners,
with bludgeon, bowie-knife, and revolver ? I ad-
vocate no such measures. I do not belong to the
political school that puts faith in brute force as
a motive power of human civilization. I do not
believe that communities can be dragooned into
religion, liberty, or the duties and privileges of
self-government. In my opinion, we possess far
higher and more efficacious means of interference
for Mexican improvement. As the European
courts, by their eternal intrigues, give moral aid
and comfort to the faction of monarchy, so should
we foster and cherish the Liberal and Republican
party. We have the power to encourage and
consolidate it by treaties, by commercial inter-
course, by kindness, and by all the efforts and-
energies of a consummate diplomatic skill .
Let no one urge, in response,
the ridiculous
fiction that such a course would tend to a collision
with any great nation of Europe. No Govern-
ment on the globe would dream of declaring war
on a pretext so absurd. The European poten-
tates assume, without question, the bold prero-
gative of defending and preserving the ascend-
ency and equilibrium of despotic institutions on
the soil of the Old World. And shall we not be,
permitted to exercise the same right for the pro-
