1298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th cona 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
lection of republican principles in the New ? Are
we not, as well as they, sovereign and independ-
ent? Can we not form alliances, and cement
relations of friendship with other equally sover-
eign communities, whenever and wherever we
choose? Indeed, there are many and various
•ways by which we can insure the success of the
Liberal party in Mexico. A splendid opportunity
- ■ ■  '-My allowed to escape
of the sort wn unaccountably i
golden light lives forever on the grass, and the
glory of fruit and flowers never fades from the
green of the leaf which no frost withers. Hence
| all great migrations, when not diverted from their
natural course by insuperable obstacles, have
flowed, as nearly as might be, in the direction of
the equator. "Vfitness the multitudinous swarm-
ings of the northern hives of the Tartars into
ui uie awn. ™.   }  , China and Hindostan, of the ancient Scythians
the'present American Administration* when'it into Persia and Greece, and the inroads of the
paid away into hands, which transferred the Goths, the Germans,Jhe Huns,_into all the prov-
rrioiiey into the pockets of the treacherous tyrant
Santa Anna, three millions of gold; and that,
too, in direct opposition to the just and powerful
protest of the new and republican Government
of Mexico, then in the hour of its greatest need.
What folly and delusion was this! What favor
to the faction of monarchy—what ungrateful
discouragement and insult to our own political
friends'.
But there remains to be stated one mode of
inces of the Roman Empire. Therefore, to ask
our politicians and people to curb their desires :
and turn their attention from the orange gardens
of Cuba, and the palmy fields of Mexico, to seek
relief in the barren forests of Canada, or the black
fogs of Newfoundland^ simply demanding that
they should change the constitution of their nature
and reverse the everlasting laws of liberty, and
even of animal life.
uui iucii, aw.™... —      — I do not suggest or approve any invasive or
promotingthe prosperityof Mexico, and of clasp- compulsory advances towards the South. I only
Jng lief-trS our bosom with arms of iron, durable state a general fact which all prudentand sagacious
ing  — . -
as the everlasting hills—a pacific mode, to which
no timorous politician at home, nor any insolent
diplomatist abroad, can even conjure up the phan-
tom of a plausible objection. Build the southern
railroad to California. Run it straight along the
great line that separates the two countries. Pass
it through the low-lying gap of the giant Cor-
dilleras, there where the very mountains bow
down reverently, and recede, as if in anticipation,
for the iron arches, and the transits of their light-
ning trains. Can the mightiest mathematical
mind calculate the beneficial consequences of
Buch a deed to the Mexican people ? Even imag-
ination fails to grasp the grandeur and glory of
the destinies that might yet be theirs'. The sun,
which might behold the last rail fastened' at San
Francisco, olr at the junction of the Gila and Col-
orado of the West, on the Gulf of California,
Would witness the first day of Mexican redemp-
tion. Prom the main trunk of that grand high-
Way of America and of the world, metallic arms
would stretch out atid extend far away in every
direction1," W>'1he silver mountains of Saltillo, and
Chihuahua, and to the golden fields of Sonora,
and the- most distant'Sputh. American capital
and enterprise would be invited with the -warm-
est welcome to develop theresources'of Mexican
statesmen should remember, apply and control,
for the progress of civilization and the greatest
good of the species. This natural tendency to
austral expansion I would have regulated by a
humane and systematic policy as generous as it
should be just. I would direct it to the grand
objects of a liberal commerce, and the glorious
colonization of ideas and institutipns rather than
of men; and I would limit it exclusively to the
natural right of expatriation.
In the different topics of. foreign policy which
I have previously examined, we have traced the
uniform opposition of England as our constant
antagonist. I must, however, admit a broad dis-
tinction in this respect, between the English peo-
ple tind the Government of England. The former,
by principle, feeling, habit, and the strongest
motives of self-interest, are, and, as I trust, ever
will continue to be, our firmest ffiends—nay, our
very kinsmen and brothers, by all the most holy
lies of blood, religion, literature, and language;
' and every true patriot and intelligent philanthro-
j pist, every foe to autocratic rule, intolerance,
and political barbarism, must deplore as the
greatest, the most irremediable calamity that
could befall the human species, a collision betwixt
the two branches of the Anglo-Saxon family.
seen again the insidious intrigues t)f England;
while nevermore wouldbe heard the hateful terms
of monarchy and the Bourbons. The articulation
of such names wotild become impossible'. It is
by measures like these that the enlightened and
Christian Governments of modern ages ought to
push their conquests, and achieve their triumphs, !
and not' by jealous, vindictive, and ruinous wars.
If, as declared by the Divine Teacher of humanity,
it be more blessed to give than to receive, how
infinite must be the national blessing, when every
gift of a generous policy is a double benefaction—
an equation of profit both to the recipients and
the donors ! _ ' '
There is another and strictly philosophic reason
why Mexico should always present a subject of
anxious consideration for the wisdom and pru-
dence of our most eminent statesmen. I allude
to the natural tendency of population to expand
in a southern direction. It is sometimes made
i'matter of complaint, and we have listened to it
eveii on this floor, that all our acquisitions, or,
as they are. opprobriously styled, aggressions,
have australizea towards the tropics, while no
annexations seem inclined to advance us any
nearer to' the ice of the Arctic circle. Such ob-
jectors must surely have forgotten their read-
eommeree, and to perfect the process of Mexican jj It would postpone indefinitely, perchance forever,
civilisation; and never more in Mexico would be ' the prospects of "universal liberty, and, reverse,
   ■ - — . . by tjie jeng.th of a thousand years, the marph of
nroo-ress in the true path of improvement and
progress in the true path of improvement
civilization'.' The bare spectacle w;ould excite
outbursts of diabolic''laughter, b[tter mockeries, ,
and shoftts of infernal glee, ill all the courts of, |
despotism throughout the world. The very bones j
of spiritual and temporal tyrant's ih the dust of
tfie dark ages would rattle in their graves for joy!
While classic Greece, beautiful but bowed down
Italy, and bleeding Hungary, agonized with her
recent wounds, and all the persecuted Democrats
of Europe, and every lover of freedom oil land
and sea, would together Weep tears of fiery torture,
and vail their eyes from the appalling vision of
sorrow and shame! I do not exaggerate. Im-
agination has no midnight colors dark plough to,
draw the horrors of the picture; nor can I enter-
tain a doubt, that such is the general sentiment
and opinion of both the English and the Ameri-
can people. .
Unfortunately, the Government of England is
deeply imbued with the spirit and views of an
exclusive and intensely selfish aristocracy—a
privileged and powerful class, the most jealpusly
wedded to antiquated forms and obsolete policy,
and, at the same time, the most pertinacious and
   ,   ,   unyielding to novel influences, of any now on the
ings ito history. All nations endowed with even earth, or of which history lias preserved the faint-
savage liberty, or the power of free locomotion, ! j est record. Their prejudices seem to be hered-
a're, and ever have been, urged towards the sum- \; itary,and all their principles,good as well as evil,
mer-lan3s of the South, by the influence of a jl follow the lawful line of descent, like their titles
law as vigofttus and as universal as any pas- j and estates. This order, at the epoch of the
sion of the human mind. The tide of emigra- j Revolution, conceived an idea o£ political and
tion is repelled by' the frozen snows of the win- j
try north, by itd gloomy forests, the howling !
of it's angry winds, and the thick-ribbed ice of its '
polar lakes. On the contrary, the eye as well as
the imagination must always dwell with delight
and enthusiasm on the fragrahce, beauty, and
emerald verdure of those sunny grovea where the
commercial antagonism to the United States,
which all the lessons of subsequent experience,
and even the clearest demonstrations of a priori
reasoning, have not enabled them to unlearn. By
some strange and unaccountable process of cogi-
tation, imperceptible and intangible to the rules
of ordinary logic, they appear to conjecture, or
vaguely imagine, that American greatness can be
nothing else but an arithmetical subtraction from
English glory, and that every gain of ours is a
positive loss to them. It is true, this very ridic-
ulous and savage theory was sufficiently current
during the dark and stupid ignorance of the feudal
ages, when the aggrandizement of one country
never failed to be considered the disgrace and ruin
of all the rest; when destroying wars were under-
taken for no other purppse than the preservation
of the balance of trade, as they are now waged
to keep stable the equipoise of power. However,
that mistaken and preposterous notion, the off-
spring of national jealousy, has long since been
exploded, and by none more effectually than by
the English writers themselves. Nevertheless,
all in vain do the statistics of commerce,'and all
the wonderful facts of the last half century, pro-
claim that American and English prosperity sus-
tain the immutable relation of logically necessary
correlatives to each other; in vain do the English
laboring and manufacturing classes, and the wisest
of English statesmen, urge and prove the sante
great and well-nigh self-evident truth. The Eng-
lish Government remains incurably blind, or else
perversely shuts its eyes to the light of all history,
and even common sense—pretending not to see
that the extension of American territory increases
the area of the English market, and augments
incalculably the number pf English customers—
that the annexation of Cuba, and even of Central
America and the whole of Mexico, if such pro-
jects Vere entertained, (as they are not,) would be
a virtual commercial annexation to England her-
self, and almost, or quite, as beneficial to her as
to us. Yet the aristocratic order in Great Britain
still pursue, as steadily as ever, the old, sightless
path of their policy in reference to this country,
in spite alike of reaspn, interest, and the earnest
remonstrances of the English people. Tkeir plan,
from the first, has been to eut us off from the pos-
sibility of territorial extension towards the great
Southwest—to eijcircle and hem us in with a
strong cordon of military posts and colonial set-
tlements—to vex and stun our ears with the music
of that mighty drum which it is her imperial
boast to roll around the world, beating time for
the morning march of the ever-rising sun.
The English Government was preparing to
seize the vast domain of Louisiana, when the
quick discernment of Mr. Jefferson, and the con-
summate sagacity of Napoleon, defeated the
Kf'hpTjip hy a transfer to the United States. Had
eup<^dB4fwim!li4,to.YS been fenced in at
the South, as well as on the North,.by;British
possessions. It is difficult to realize, either in fact
orwn.qv* $11 the consequences.of such an event.
The ^mfln.wpuld have been cruelly compressed
as betwixt the forces qf two gigantic arms; the
one urging us away from the great lakes, and the
other pushing us from the GulfofMeyico. There
could have been no space, or opportunity for ex-
pansion. We never should .have heard the names
of such States as Missouri, Arkansas, Iowa, or
Louisiana- There could have been no Territories
of Minnesota, Kansas, Nebraska, Washington,
Utah, or Oregpn. For us, all the wide regions
of the now rich an4 populous West, radiant with
its brilliant, stars, would have been either a dreary
desert, or inhabited by an qjienand adverse Power.
The effect must have proved equally deplorable
and disastrous on the eastern side of the Alle-
ghany mountains. There would have been no
fines of railroad, no lightning wires, to span tba
gulf of distance, stretching away from the Atlantic
sea-board to the forests of Missouri, or even th#
prairies of Illinois. Boston, Philadelphia, antt
Baltimore, would have been petty and inconsider-
able to wns, and oniy New York might have num-
bered spine fifty, or perhaps a hundred thousand.
^ "I^he brightest pages of our national apnals would
be blotted out, or rather, would never have been
all our victories on land, late, or ocean, the con-
quests in Mexico, and the. ascension of
nia's star. Even our mercantile marine, watcnea
everywhere by the tyrant of the seas, mu®
crept timidly around our own shores, engaged
, chiefly in coLt commerce. New Or eans would
! have been a British capital; and the yawning
: mouths of British cannon would have commanded
Natchez, Vicksburg, Memphis, and the deboutli
