1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Mo. of Reps.
«rf of every large river that empties its waters
into the great Mississippi. The heights of St.
Louis vou J have uovvaed on Illinois with huge
fortifications as strong in proportion as those of
CLuebec or Gibraltar; and Olno, Kentucky, Ten-
dessee, Yl .seonsin, all our halt" of the immense
western valley, that teeming mother of States,
would have possessed no outlet to the highway
of the ocean. _ And from this degrading destiny of
fixed everlasting inferiority, we were rescued by
the wisdom ami firmness of the same grand mincf,
to whose wonderful intuitions and far-casting
foresight, we also stand indebted for die Declara-
tion oi" independence, and the existence of the true
Democratic idea in its purity and power.
But again: when the enterprise and prowess of
our sons wrested the beautiful province of Texas
from the mingled anarchy and despotism of Mex-
ican misrule, faithful to her ancient policy of
American repression, England immediately com-
menced her intrigues for the virtual control and
supremacy over the fortunes of the new State.
She exerted all the cunning of her diplomacy,
proffered enormous commercial bribes, called in
to aid her the authority of France, and protested
and implored by turns, against the project of
annexation. Her purpose, as ever, was to sur-
round and hedge us in, to erect an impassable
barrier against th<j march of American institu-
tions in the direction of Mexico and the Isthmus
of Panama. ..
Once more, that English policy was met and
discomfited, not so much by the genius of Amer*-
ican statesmen, as by the intuitive sagacity and
the indomitable spirit of the American people,
in accordance with the prudence and patriotism
of the Texan politicians. And now, baffled in
all her antecedent schemes for the forcible re-
strain ment of free institutions, like a drowning
man, England catches at the straw of Centred
America. She would seize that as a bastioned
fortification against the progress of American
ideas and energies towards the regions of the
equator; but this attempt must prove as vain as
any of the others. Governments, however pen-
etrating or potent they may be, have no strength
or cunning to control the laws that determine
the great tides of emigration, the geographical
distribution of the human species on the earth's
surface. By a calm and philosophical contem-
plation of the past, by a logical comparison of its
unerring indications, by mastering the mathe-
matical ratio of American progression,.the $lear
English mind, if it had. not baen
obscured by obsolete , prejudices, might, long
ago, have calculated the course of American des-
tiny, with the same certainty of science which
notes the precession of the equinoxes, or predicts
future eclipses in the heavens.
America might, with confidence, appeal to the
strong common sense of England herself, and
inquire what she could have gained, what she
can ever hope to gain, or what humanity and
the great cause of liberal institutions coula pos-
sibly, in any event, profit by the success of
her chimerical policy of American repression?
Would it not be a mortal blow to the most lucra-
tive branch of her trade ? Would it not arrest the
spring tides of civilization precisely at that point
where they roll the fullest, and rise the highest?
Does not England know that the grand, the tre-
mendous issues of the age, and of all the after
ages, is made up and pending between political
absolutism and constitutional government? On
the one side, behold all the coalesced despotisms
of Europe, pledged by their ideas and interests
to quench forever, in darkest night, the last ray
of regulated liberty; on the other, we perceive
alone the little isle that gems the northern ocean,
and the descendants from the same stock in the
western hemisphere. The final contest betwixt
these irreconcilable opposites may be delayed by
temporary expedients, by truces under the name
of treaties,and by hollow alliances more unnatural
and dangerous than a state of open war. But
still the day of battle must dawn at last. And
where, in that dreadful struggle of nations, can
England expect either sympathy or assistance,
save from the land inheriting her blood, her laws,
her liberties,, and her language ? Could she wish,
in the crisis of that hour, the most awfully mo-
mentous to humanity which the world has yet
witnessed, that the United States should be a
poor, feeble, ineffectual Power, with no voice or
authority among the potentates of the earth?
I am aware that a class of British statesmen
erroneously suppose us to be natural and heredi-
tary enemies, rather than friends and admirers of
England; and they offer, as a proof of the assump-
tion, the general and notorious sympathy of our
people for Russia in the late European war. But,
if such were the fact, England can only attribute
the existence of the feeling to the previous and
jealous conduct of her own Government in refer-
ence to American affairs. We remembered with
pain the Anglo-French intrigues in Texas. We
were apprised of her intention to cut off our neces-
sary transits through Central America. We ap-
prehended her purpose*to Africanize Cuba; and,
therefore, we saw with boundless astonishment,
and no little alarm, the installation of the French
alliance. We thought it an unnatural and extraorv
dinary political phenomenon, a conjunction of
contradictories; and having learned the privilege
of free expression from English teachers, we said
so. But our surprise and disapprobation were
converted into sterner sentiments when Lord
Clarendon proclaimed, in Parliament, that the
happy accord and. good understanding between
France and England extended beyond the eastern
policy to. all portions of the two hemispheres.
We knew, and felt, that this was a menace aimed
at us; and hence, during all the changes,of the
conflict which raged in Europe, the peo.ple of the
United States believed most firmly and sincerely
that, in the event ,oC;fenHn*n!ti nd d ci<iv0 success
on the part of 'the Western Powers, flushed with
victory, and insolent in the pride of its strength,
they would turn their combined forces to active
intervention in matters of American policy. And,
if we were indeed mistaken, the words and actions
of the English Government created the delusion.
How, then, can British statesmen wonder, that
the reverberations of their conquering cannon,
from the hills and plains of the distant Crimea,
awakened no warm welcome of generous enthu-
siasm, but terror and dismay rather, in American
bosoms, when they might expect soon tobfe appal-
led by the sound of these same, engines of fiery
destruction thundering at their own doors?
The great practical question, however, will
doubtless be urged—how shall we remove the
obstinate prejudice of the English aristocracy,  Q
long and so unreasonably entertained awirtst the
progress of AmfiricftftiMtiituMprts ? Inwhatman-
nerftft*l| w<5 act, so as to effect a change in her
cherished policy of American repression ? Now,
one thing, is clear, as a starting point, beyond all
criticism or controversy, that the American peo-
ple will never. ■ permit,. on this continent, the
extension of the European plan of interference
for the preservation of the balance of power.
Explode the Monrop doctrine over and over a
thousand times, and still our people will never
tolerate, European interposition to check their
growth, or confine their greatness—never, while
they keep even the shadow or semblance of an
independent sovereignty. The feeling is as strong
and irreversible a? the ocean tides—as immov-
able as the American mountains. The principle
was embraced in the infancy of the Government,
and it will not be abandoned in the vigor and
fullness of American manhood. To imagine such
a possibility is madness. What course, then,
must we pursue ? Shall we declare war, or adopt
measures, the. indirect tendency of which will
lead to hostilities, for the purpose of securing the
recognition of this our favorite popular dogma ?
As I have said before, I, for one, advocate no
such short-sighted or imprudent policy. I belong
to the school of politicians who believe that the
most energetic and efficient prosecution of this,
as well of all our other national rights, may be
conducted by pacific methods, and in a state of
profound peace. I am a friend of American prog-
ress, and therefore do not wish to see anything
done which might arrest its march or diminish
the ratio of its cumulative motion. Hence, I
am opposed to war; for I am well satisfied that
a collision with any great European Power would
put us back in the path of our unexampled pros-
perity the distance of a hundred years. But
yet I would prefer war,with the perilous hazard i
of all its unknown chances and contingencies, I
i rather than a tame and servile acquiescence in
the limitation which any Government, or coali-
tion of Governments, should attempt to impose
as the definite and arbitrary boundary of our
, expansion in this hemisphere; because the prece-
dent of such a submission, and J.be existence of
so pliable a spirit on our part, instead of delay-
ing, would defeat our destiny forever. Neverthe-
less, I repeat there can be no danger of a war, es-
pecially with England, if we follow the dictates of
a wise and systematic policy—if we touch not that
tender point, the true interests of her people, and
content ourselves with the cultivation of our own.
For she will certainly fight any day, in season
and out of season, and against any odds, to pro-
tect her proper glory and greatness, but never to
depriye us of ours. We possess means of com-
bat of the most pacific description, greater than
the mightiest armaments of all Europe combined.
Every strong stalk of that green rustling corn
which grows in the prairies of Illinois and Wis-
consin, is equipollent to any French musket, or
the more deadly Minie rifle; and every bale of
cotton from the fields of Texas and South Caro-
lina presents a counterpoise for a .British paix-
han. They may boast of their naval strength; we
rejoice in one more natural, less costly, and far
more comprehensive. In response to the splen-
did and menacing pageants of all their Baltic
fleets, we can point to the great granaries of the
West; and in opposition to the Sebastopol, which
they only half captured by their arms, we can
show them a world which we have wholly con-
quered by the arts of peace.. Such are our re-
i sources; and While we employ them justly and
j discreetly in the defense of our own rights, not
to assail the privileges of others, there can be no
; danger of collision with any foreign country, and
nothing to dread if it should occur.
Especially with respect to England, the plainest
principles of common honesty andgood sense alike
; indicate the policy which we ought to pursue.
Remembering the obvious distinction that feeling,
' interest, habit, and education have all contributed
to draw and deepen betwixt the English people
, and their aristocratic Government, rendering the
i one our natural friends and allies, and the other,
from unreasonable prejudiqes, inimical to our
progress, we shoul4 so conduct our measures as
i to satisfy the former, and then we may safely
I disregard the latter as being utterly impotent
without the support of the English masses.
Now, turning to another branch of the same
general subject, in my judgment, and in theopin-
i ion of th'e American people, the time has fully
come when the policy of the United States can
no longer be bounded by the limits of this conti-
nent, or by the. more insignificant dimensions of
Europe, but must be extended as widely as the
diffusion of our commercial intercourse, to every
region of the known world. I believe, sir, that
the privilege of free and unrestricted trade arid
travel to all parts of the globe is not only the
natural right, but the positive duty of the human
race, as the very scheme and design of Providence
for the civilization of the species, and the onlv
means of their advancement to the highest ulti-
mate perfection. I do not admit, but spurn as
j an utter and impious absurdity, the old, effete,
and barbarous doctrine of intolerable despotism;
carried out to its climax of ignorant ana stupid
folly in the foreign system of the Japanese—that
any one nation can justly claim the legal prerog-
ative to exclude another from amicable commu-
; nication with its subjects, or from mutually pro-
; fitable traffic within its borders. Nor can I recog-
: nize the insolent pretensions of any Power to
{ monopolize the products of a particular region on
I this broad and beautiful earth, the common in-
heritance of all its ch ildren by the will and wisdom
of the universal Father. I can see bo more war-
i rant in the laws of nature and reason for barring
a free passage on the land, than for shutting down
I thegreatgates of the oceans Indeed, the Almighty
J has demonstrated a different doctrine, in the clear-
; est manner, as well by the natural wants, as by
the passionate instincts implanted in every human
heart.
If you survey the motley map of the world,
and thesingular distribution of nations and races,
what an extraordinary spectacle of dismember-
ment and diversity is presented in the picture!
