1303
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
course should be adopted in order to avoid the
errors which experience has demonstrated in the
past, and to insure a brilliant and uninterrupted
career to the goal of our ultimate and exalted
destiny in the future.
In my judgment, natural and abstract right,
the law of nations, the light of expediency, and
the most urgent motives of self-interest, all accord |
in the declaration of two cardinal principles, as the t
original and unchangeable axioms of American !
policy. The one is notable and well known, !
though shamefully misunderstood, as the Mon-
roe doctrine; and the other, which has hitherto
received no accurate or logical definition, or par-
ticular and fixed name, I shall take the liberty of
terming the natural doctrine of voluntary expatria-
tion.
To comprehend fully the thorough import of
the former doctrine, it becomes necessary to ad-
vert briefly to the causes which first led to its
promulgation; and, therefore, I must intreat par- i
don for slightly trespassing on the patience of the '
House by a cursory reference to some extraor- |
dinary facts in the antecedent and cotemporary
history of European politics.
When the unprecedented power of Napoleon
suddenly flashed up from the fiery crater of the
French revolution, like some strange meteor, to
appal the nations and render the throne of every
tyrantin the Old World tremulously insecure, the
potentates affected by that wonderful phenom-
enon of popular force naturally conceived a ;
boundless aversion, mingled with mortal awe, at
the bare idea of political changes, and especially
of such as tended to unsettle the stability of
hereditary Governments. Accordingly, after the
final restoration of the Bourbons to the rule of
subjugated France, the great continental Powers
of Russia, Prussia, and Austria concluded and
published a treaty at Paris, which has been gen-
erally called the Holy Alliance. The project
originated with the Emperor Alexander of Rus-
sia; and from its devout invocations, and solemn
protestations of clemency, justice, and Christian-
ity, it might have been regarded as the installa-
tion of a novel system of religious fanaticism, had i
not the subsequent conduct of its authors stamped i
a decisive negative on that hypothesis, proving it i
to be altogether political. I
This misnamed Holy Alliance was only the
inchoate step in a series of sins against the law of |
nature and of nations—aggressions the most as- I
tonishing of any recorded in the pages of modern
history. In the spring of 1821, these same sov- |
ereigns assembled in congress at Lay bach, and i
openly proclaimed, as the polar star of their pol-
icy, a principle the most dangerous ever taught
even in the courts of absolute despotism. They
addressed a circular to their foreign ministers,
which, among other monstrous absurdities, al-
leges, " that useful and necessary changes in
legislation, and in the administration of States,
ought only to emanate from the free will and in-
telligent and well-weighed conviction of those
whom God has rendered responsible for power.
All that deviates from this line necessarily leads
to disorder, commotions, and evils far more in-
sufferable than those which they pretend to rem-
edy."
It is needless to remark how totally incompati-
ble such a doctrine as this is with the theory
of the American Government, or indeed with the ;
principles, and even existence, of any liberal orl
regulated Government whatsoever. Nor could
this startling announcement of the diademed doc-
tors of a new international law be interpreted and
treated as an abstract declaration, a mere lesson
of learned authority for the enlightenment of the
nations, with no view or design to its forcible
application in practice. For the same Congress
had avowed at Troppau,'«that the Powers have
an undoubted right to take a hostile attitude in
regard to those States in which the overthrow of
the Government may operate as an example."
The joint effect of these different proclamations
was to convince all sensible men that this Holy
Alliance had determined on the subjection of the
civilized world to their favorite standard of abso-
lute rule. If, however, any uncertainty as to the
object of that stupendous conspiracy against all
free institutions still lingered In any mind, it was
dissipated by the Congress of Veronain the autumn
of 1822. At that time Spain was under the con- I
stiiutional government of the Cortes, chosen by
the unfettered will, and supported by the general ,
approbation of the Spanish people themselves.
The allied Powers of Russia, Prussia, France,
and Austria proposed to reinstate the tyrant,
Ferdinand, in all his ancient authority; and not-
withstanding the strong dissent and spirited pro-
test of England the measure was adopted. In the
spring of 1823 a French army marched into Spain,
overturned the popular Government, and reestab-
lished despotism on its old. foundations. Such a
violent ana mortal stab of the crowned conspira-
tors, aimed at the heart of universal liberty, and
even at the independence of nations, could not fail
to attract attention, and excite alarm in the United
States; and the powerful voice of Mr. Webster
sounded its trumpet-tones, signalizing the immi-
nent danger in the Halls of Congress.
But that was not all. In December of the same
year, as soon as the Spanish king felt completely
assured of his absolute throne, he addressed a
formal invitation to his august allies, suggesting
a new conference at Paris to devise some plan for
the renovation of his fallen authority over the
revolted colonies of Spanish America. The pro-
posed assembly of sovereigns, however, was de-
feated by the firm opposition of England, and the
decided stand taken by the United States.
It was precisely at this perilous crisis of affairs
that Mr. Monroe uttered, in a message to Con-
gress, his famous doctrine, which has lately pro-
voked so much comment and discussion in both >
hemispheres. In reference to the apprehended
European intervention on this continent, he said:
" We owe it to candor, and to the amicable relations exist-
ing between the United States and those Powers, to declare !
that we should consider any attempt bn their part to extend
their system to any portion of tins hemisphere, as dangerous
to our peace and safety. With the existing colonies or
dependencies of any European Power, we have not inter-
fered, and shall not interfere. But with the Governments
who have declared their independence and maintained it, 1
and whose independence we have, on great consideration, 1
and on just principles, acknowledged, we could not view
any interposition for the purpose of oppressing them, or con- |
trolling in any other manner their destiny, in any other lights
than as the manifestation of an unfriendly disposition to-
wards the United States."
This memorable message also contained another
and kindred declaration equally prudent and im-
portant, as the complement to the circle of Amer-
ican policy. It asserted:
" In the wars of the European Powers, in matters relat- ,
ing to themselves, we have never taken any part, nor does
it comport with our policy so to do. It is only when our j
rights are invaded, or seriously menaced, that we resent |
injuries, or make preparations for defense. Withthemove- j
ments in thfc hemisphere we are more immediately con- ]!
nected, and by causes which must be obvious to all en- j
lightened and impartial observers.- The political system '
of the Allied Powers is essentially different, in this respect, !
from that of America." >
This doctrine, on its first publication, and in
all its parts, met the cordial approval of the whole
country, and was hailed with enthusiastic delight
by all the friends of liberal institutions through-
out the world. Nor did even the English people
greet it with less warmth or welcome. The prin-
cipal minister of the British Government, Mr,
Canning, expressed, in the House of Commons,
his hearty concurrence in the opinions of the
American President; while the great leader of the
Opposition, Mr. Brougham, avowed in his place,
" tnat no event had ever created more joy, exulta-
tion, and gratitude among the freemen in Europe;
and that he felt pride in being connected by blood
and language with the people of the United
States.
Let me next apply the scrutiny of a more
searching analysis to that Monroe doctrine,
which, at first, commended itself to such general
and intelligent approbation in both hemispheres,
but which now is so strangely misunderstood
in the one, and so shamefully misrepresented in
the other. An impartial examination shows it
to involve three fundamental principles—neither
more nor less. First: That in the wars of Euro-
pean Powers in matters relating to themselves,
we have no sort of political concern whatsoever.
Secondly: That with the existing colonies or de-
pendencies of any European Power, we will not
interfere. Thirdly: That the European Powers
shall not extend their system to any portion of
this hemisphere, nor attempt, in any manner, to
control the destiny of its independent govern-
ments, under the penalty, whatever that might
be, of being considered and treated as unfriendly
to the United States. In short, the declaration
publicly, and in the face of the world, protested
that we would not intermeddle with matters of
exclusively European policy; and that no Power
of Europe should interpose in American affairs.
The latter branch of the doctrine implied, as its
logical corollary, the utter prohibition of Euro-
pean colonization on the American continent,
which, nevertheless, was deemed by the Presi-
dent of sufficient moment to warrant a distinct
and positive affirmation. And yet the English
Government, at the time, took no exception to the
policy as published; but, on the contrary, fully
approved its terms and objects, and by that act,
must be adjudged as forever precluded from
posterior exception, or agitation of the question.
Why should Lord Clarendon be permitted to
criticise, now, political maxims which once com-
manded the enlightened assent of the illustrious
and classical Canning, and drew from the lips of
the eloquent and sagacious Brougham, then in
the glory of his golden prime, a burning outburst
of sympathy and admiration?
| I might appeal even to any intelligent Euro-
' pean, and inquire, what possible or rational ob-
jection can you urge against this doctrine ? Is it
not fair, generous, and just, between all the par-
ties having any interest in the issue ? You prefer
and cherish a system of government by the
hands of hereditary royalty in Europe; while
we choose a constitutional government by the
people in America. Very well; this can be no
; ground for enmity or opposition; let both of us
| exercise the natural privilege of independent sov-
i ereignties, to live under the rule which pleases
j us the best. But if it be replied that our repub-
! lican influence and example will prove danger-
[ ous to the absolute institutions of Europe, 1 an-
I swer, neither shall that be any cause of contro-
versy or quarrel, so far as we can prevent it; for
j your domination on this continent would be still
j more dangerous and deleterious to our form of
Government; and as happily the whole breadth
of the ocean separates our respective territories,
we propose, as an additional guarantee of peace
and friendship, the safe and equal compromise of
the Monroe doctrine. We will not obtrude our
influence on the sphere of European politics; and
as a just compensation, you must not interfere
with the policy of the free Powers in America.
And thus there can arise no occasion or pretext
for a collision. Can anything be more reason-
able or prudent than such a proposition ? Can
aught be imagined more wisely calculated jto ob-
viate discord, and insure the perpetuity of ami-
cable relations? The systems of. government
that prevail in the two hemispheres are seen to
be logical and political contradictories. The dark
shadow of absolutism, with a single exception,
dwells on the one; while the pure sunlight of re-
publican liberty, though obscured in spots by the
fogs of anarchy, beams on the other. Now, if
these opposite systems come into near contiguity,
or immediate contact, in the same locality, they
will necessarily seek to vanquish each other, and
in the struggle for superiority, war must result;
and to preclude such a possibility, they must be
kept apart—divided by the great gulf of distance:
let each be confined to its appropriate space. But
this is the declaration of Monroe; and I esteem
it as one of the wisest political inventions ever
conceived by the intellect, of mai}. It was the
proclamation of independence for all the coun-
tries on this continent. And it was the promul-
gation of an honorable peace, also, with all the
Governments on the globe.
This salutary doctrine was not devised, as
some erroneously suppose, to lay the foundation
for a series of aggressive schemes against the
territories of our American neighbors. It put
forth no kind of pretension of any right to oppress
or plunder them, or to encroach on their bound-
aries, or to control their administration, nor yet
to interfere in any way with their policy, save in
their behalf, as friends and protectors, and with
their free accord and full consent. It laid claim
to no kind of supremacy over any American
State. It arrogated no superio/ity, and proffered
no advice. It was never intended as an instru-
ment of national aggrandizement at the expense
