1&6.)
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Appendix to the congressional globe.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
1303
of others. It committed us to no wild and wicked
project of conquest or compulsory annexation,
it simoiy declared in favor and defense of every
American Government, that the reign of Euro-
pean Powers had ended in the western world
Bin it supply did not follow, by any legitimate
rule of inference, that the United States must
become oppressors or tyrants in their turn. It
only left us, as well as all the other American
sovereignties, free and unfettered from the au-
thority of foreign dictation, to deal with every
question of inter-American policy as it might be
presented, and in the xnode which our own sense
ot justice, humanity, and the best interests of the
continent might require, under all the circum-
stances of the special case.
It is truly strange, that such a discreet and con-
summate plan of political wisdom as this, should
have been so egregiously misapprehended, per-
verted, slandered, denied, and flagrantly violated,
without redress, or even apology. It can be no
Wonder that European potentates treat a doctrine
with scorn, which has been so long trailed in the
tery mire of diplomacy, and so often trampled
under foot with impunity.
But the chief outrage against this principle
remains still to be told. %For—I blush to recount
it—one of the most notorious infringements of
the Monroe doctrine proceeded from our own
©OTernment,and the fact will be preserved in the
annals of the present Administration, Ay, the
crime was perpetrated by the very propTiets and
high-priests of the dogma, even by the very men
wno preached war as the sole means of avenging
its desecration. I allude to the world-renowned
phenomenon of the Ostend conference.
As events^ succeed each other with such won- ,
derful rapidity in the progress of American polit- '
ical life, as soon to efface the memory of the most J
important measures, when they have once been
either executed or abandoned^ I may be excused
for bestowing a hasty glance at the extraordi-
nary anomaly in American administrative policy,
which I have previously mentioned. It seems,
that when Mr. Soule received the appointment of
Minister to Spain, in conjunction with the Pres-
ident he digested his own instructions and ar-
ranged a systematic scheme for the annexation
of Cuba. But as to how many other members
of the Cabinet concurred in the plan, it does not
become me to hazard a conjecture.
The rationale of the original project was as
follows: The American Minister had authority
to offer the Spanish Government some hundred
Ho. of Reps.
millions of dollars, as the payment for, " the gem
of the Antilles." He was also directed^ to demand
ample and immediate redress for the manyaggres-
sions_ against American commerce, committed by
Spanish vessels in the vicinity of Cuba. It must
be conceded that nothing appeared on the surface
of this diplomatic plan which could be pronounced
unfair, or even a point of departure from the line
of our safe and settled policy. But beneath the
brilliant flowers of its verbiage lurked the subtile
Serpent, whose poison was to destroy the vitality
of the Monroe doctrine, and cause all Europe to
recoil from the stench of its putrid corpse, as
indeed, too soon became manifest to the senses
of the civilized world.
Soule sailed for Europe. He was in no hurry,
however, to reach the goal of his destination;
Since he delayed in London, to hold repeated
consultations with the Red Republican chiefs of
the revolutionary committee — Mazzini, Ledru
Rollin, and Kossiith. The four concerted a sys-
tem of operations designed to involve this country
in a European war, as the ally and instrument of
the revolutionary faction. While the three prin-
cipal Powers were engaged in the crisis of the
Eastern war, the torch of insurrection was to be
kindled in western Europe, and fanned to a gen-
eral conflagration.
The projectors assumed that Spain would deny
reparation for the outrages upon American com-
merce. In that case the United States would in-
stantly despatch an armament to seize the Island
-of Cuba, as a material guarantee for the redress
demanded. But it was well known that a treaty-
existed between the English, French, and Spanish
Government,securing to the latter the possession
of Cuba; arttf, therefore, those Powers would be
compelled to a declaration of hostilities against I
us by the terms of their compact on that subject.
Ibis sudden state of war would, of necessity,
ana all in a moment, interrupt and bar the inter-
course of this country with the western shores
of Europe; and our supplies of corn and cotton
being cut off both from England and France, it
was imagined that the people of both nations
would be precipitated into dreadful revolutions,
in short, the plan was nothing less than a tre-
mendous conspiracy against the peace of the
world.
^J_or^®rj however, to induce the entire Cabinet
at Washington to acquiesce in the whole scheme,
it was deemed necessary to procure the assent
and concurrence of the American ministers at
.London and Paris; and hence originated the idea
of a conference. Accordingly, these high officials
assembled at Ostend, accompanied by Mr. Daniel
Sickles, Mr. George N. Sanders, and Mr. Piatt,
their subordinates, all men of violent revolution- .
ary tendencies. Mr. Mason, it is said, adopted
the project at once. Mr. Buchanan hesitated,
but finally consented to lead the movement, as is
shown by his signature being fbremost on the
manifesto. It is asserted, and, so far as I know,
it has never been formally contradicted, that Mr.
Sanders, as a stimulus to the expected insurrec-
tionary impulse, circulated the revolutionary ad-
dresses of Mazzini and Ledru Rollin, through
the dispatch of the American legation, both in
France and other European countries. Never-
theless, the whole scheme failed from the disap-
probation of one man, whose support was essen-
tial to its execution. And I make the statement
with the greater pleasure, as si sense of public
duty has compelled me to criticise the conduct of
that eminent functionary in many other particu-
lars. When the American Cabinet received the
Ostend declaration, they lacked the courage to
carry it out; and being urged by the strenuous
opposition of Mr. Marcy to all parts of the meas-
ure, they reversed the programme of war and
revolution which must, otherwise, have set both
hemispheres in flames, and wouH, perhaps, be-
fore the end, have covered every country on the
globe with blood and ashes. I rejoice to say it
as an act of simple justice to one whom I can-
not, however, regard as a safe political guide, that
in my opinion the world stands indebted to the
American Secretary of State for its fortunate
escape from a calamity more terrible than any it
has experienced since the convulsions of thfe dark'
ages. ■ " "
the Ostend project,
06 initio, Was an open and outrageous infraction
of one cardinal axiom in our Monroe doctrine.
It was an unpardonable transgression against the
letter and spirit of that rule wnich forbids Amer-
ican interference in matters of strictly European
policy. There can be no mistake as to this fact.
He that runs may read it. I will not comment
on the singularity of the appointment itself—the
public mission of a foreigner to a foreign court.
That was doubtless thought expedient by the
President to influence foreign suffrages at home.
But 1 do maintain, that the appointment of M.
Soule, though a man of brilliant genius, yet a
fiery Girondist of the most ultra school, as min-
ister to the-eourt of Spain, so intimately con-
nected with the politics of France, the country of
his nativity, was a departure from one great idea
in the Monroe declaration, as well as what Louis
Napoleon actually considered it—an implied insult
to the French Government. Nor can I regard
the designation of the inferior officials, Sanders,
Sickles, and Piatt, to European posts, in any
other light. One and all, they are Red Repub-
licans more than Americans. For, we must not
forget that the Democracy of Europe is> as dif-
! ferent from that of America, as European despot-
ism itself. It would not be going too far to say,
that the Red Republicans of the Old World have
no other or higher conception of liberty, than that
of the concentrated, undigested, and indigestible
will of the numerical majority, without check,
or balance, or constitutional regulation. Such a
system of self-government presents as violent a
contrast to ours, as even the absolutism of the
Russian empire. Shadowy and fantastic in the-
ory, and utterly impossible in fact, it bears about
the same resemblance to our philosophic and prac-
tical plan of Federal authority, which the object
of their political worship, the mystic Marianne,
a lineal descendant of the infidel *'goddess of rea-
son, does to the pure and beautiful virginity of
a modest American maiden. The very appear-
ance of such American incendiaries in the circle
1 riU j°Pean courts—the mere mission of men
pledged to insurrectionary opinions—of men,
who, like George N. Sanders, proclaim at Red
Kepubhcan meetings in New York, " that they
would invent a patent guillotine for cutting off
crowned heads by wholesale"-—is a virtual incite-
ment to rebellion and revolution, on the part of
the United States, and rationally explains the
unfriendly tone of the French press, as well as
the jealousy of Louis Napoleon. But the sym-
pathy and association of American ministers with
'hose wild dreamers of European socialism—Kos-
suth, Mazzini, and Ledru Rollin—-displayed a
far more insulting contempt towards the leading
Powers of the other hemisphere. All such public
by the authority, or with the connivance, of
the American Government, are so many palpable
violations of the Monroe policy. If we would
enforce one dogma of that peaceful and prudent
doctrine, we must be careful to observe the other,
its logical correlative, with the most scrupulous
accuracy and good faith; for, how can we insist,
without blushes of shame, that European poten-
tates shall not interpose in American affairs, while
we stretch out our hands across the ocean, to fire
the destroying mines of insurrection which un-
derlie their thrones? Let us, then, reform to the
true standard of the Monroe creed in both its arti-
cles, or rather, in all three; and we need not de-
spair of yet convincing the civilized world, and
even the prejudiced aristocracy of England, not
only that_ the consummation of our "manifest
destiny" is inseparably implicated with the pro-
gressive civilization of all humanity, but also that
the means naturally necessary to insure it may
well accord with the rules of justice, the princi-
ples of international law, and with pacific relations
towards every other people and power on the
globe.
I must now turn tolhe'other great measure of
American policy, which I suggested at the outset,
as the natural doctrine of voluntary expatriation.
I approach this topic, however, with humility
and hesitation, as the true, principle has been
strangely mis^pprthetadM in both hemispheres,
and: 1 enttertain seiitKnents very different from
some of bur own most distinguished politicians.
Indeed, the doctrine, as I before remarked, has
never yet received either a logical definition, or
an appropriate name. In the United States it
goes under the vague and various denominations
of " individual liberty," "citizen sovereignty,"
" personal independence," or, " the rightof emi-
gration;" while in England it is viewed as synon-
ymous with fillibusterism,foreign aggression, and
indefinite annexation. Nevertheless, without
attempting to fix the ideas of others by a precise
( description, I will endeavor to explain my own."
| By the natural doctrine of expatriation, then, I
understand the inherent and indefeasible privilege
and power of every free man to a universal passage
over the surface of the globe, both by land and
water—the human right of locomotion which God
has given in the mere fact of our physical organ-
■ ization—and not to be limited by geographical
lines of latitude and longitude, like an island, or
mountain, nor yet to be mstened and tied down to
a particular spot of earth, like a rock or a tree.
I am aware that the feudal system—that mon-
strous birth of the middle ages—taught an oppo-
site political faith; and that even thelaw of impe-
rial Rome instituted the slavish maxim: "Origin*
propria neminem posse voluntate sua eximi mani-
festum est"—that no one can abjure tjie native
allegiance which he owes to the land where he
1 was born. I admit, too, that any number of
j learned dicta can be quoted in sufijpbrt of the ab-
surdity ; but, in contradiction of all such authority,
I urge, as unanswerable disproof, the decrees of
nature and of Providence, and the commands of
the Almighty himself, to populate and civilize the
world. The distribution of the species; the migra-
j tion of nations and races, and the settlement of
every country on the earth; the insatiable curi-
osity of the intellect; the physical necessities of
I our material frames; and all the instincts of the
I human heart,—alike confute and condemn the rule!
