1890.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
34th Cons....1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
If it, then, be asked, of what account is my
natural doctrine of voluntary expatriation, in the
view of the foregoing principles, I reply, that
there exists not the slightest incongruity or con-
tradiction betwixt the rules of the two doctrines;
because, the instant when an individual has con-
summated his expatriation by passing beyond
the jurisdiction of his native sovereign, and by
abjuring his allegiance, both in fact and intention,
he ceases to be a subject of the former Govern-
ment, and becomes free to act on his own respons-
ibility—to unite with what other societies, to !
enlist in what armies, and to wage whatever wars
may comport with his interests, attract his sym-
pathies, or please his fancy; and such is the prac-
tical law of the whole civilized world. English-
men, Irishmen, French, and Germans, marched
and fought with our American forces in the
campaign against Mexico, without compromising
the neutrality, or periling the peace ana honor of
their original Governments, to which they owed
fidelity no longer. But to urge the principle
further, and suffer either aliens or subjects to
make neutral soil the theater of preparation for ,
war against any friendly Power, by the enlist- t
ment of troops, or the contrivance of armaments
and expeditions, would not be to advance and ]
improve the modern law of nations, but to return j
backwards to the savage and unsettled, or rather
piratical, state of the most barbarous and bloody
ages, to the epoch of the Crusaders, or the days
of the Goths and Vandals.
Nevertheless, I must also avow, that I am in
favor of one limitation on the present statutes for
the preservation of our neutral relations; for
although I cannot regard those laws as substan-
tially objectionable in themselves, they yet seem
liable to be stretched by construction, by the
judiciary, as well as by the Executive, to pur-
poses of the most injurious tendency, and such
as never were contemplated at the time of their
enactment.
We have all witnessed the actual exercise of
this power of perversion in the recent instance of
Nicaragua, and therefore we should anticipate
the possibility of its recurrence. -What, sir, were
the facts ? A division of opinion and sentiment,
equivalent to a perpetual condition of civil war,
existed among the people of Nicaragua them-
selves. One faction preferred the niie of despot-
ism pure and unadulterated, while the other dis-
played as strong an attachment to republican
forms. The consequence was, eternal anarchy
and bloodshed. To end this state of war, the.
popular party invited certainvAtnertCa  e th!ens
and other foreigners to join them, and share their
destiny whether for good or evil. The latter
acceded to their request, and the result was, the
complete overthrow of the opposite faction. The
Democrats of Nicaragua installed a new and con-
stitutional government, with a native president
at its head, and appointed an American, who had
fully expatriated himself, and sworn allegiance
to the country of his adoption, commander-in-
chief of its military forces. So far, it would
appear, that no intelligent statesmen in the world
could take exception to any part of the transac-
tion, which stood warranted indeed by high pre-
cedents in the practice of all nations, ana espe-
cially in ouf own.
But the people of the United States, aside from
their natural sympathy for free institutions, had
an immediate ana powerful personal ^interest in
the affairs of Central America, that great turnpike
in the road to California and Oregon. Hence, as
soon as the news of the revolution reached New
Orleans and the Atlantic cities, excited by the
ardent and general enthusiasm which such grati-
fying information could not fail to arouse, hun-
dreds of our citizens desired to forsake their
native land; and seek a fresh field of enterprise—
to emulate in Nicaragua the glbry that had been
by their friends and brothers.
It was then that a most extraordinary and out-
rageous conjunction of adverse influences occurred
for the purpose of trampling down the national
independence, and crushing out the life and liber-
ties of Nicaragua. Stimulated by the intrigues
of European courts, the neighboring State of
Costa lUea, without any other excuse or cause
for hostilities than the object which she boldly
pro wed—the expulsion of ^11 Americans from the
country—published a declaration of war against
the new Republic, and precipitated an invasion to
exterminate all foreigners, although the elite of
her own army was composed of foreign materials
—of English soldiers carrying English muskets,
' and French and Germans, equipped with the
deadly Minis rifle, forged in the famous arsenals
of Europe. The mightiest agency of modern
times—the whole European press—enlisted with
unusual warmth in behalf of Costa Rica, and to
put down the republicans. But the most unique
spectacle of all, was to behold the Government of
the United States taking the same side of tyranny
and oppression.
The authorities of Costa Rica had proclaimed
their determination to expel every native of this ,
country from the soil of Central America, and to j
; violate all the rules of civilized warfare by the {
; refusal of quarter, or the right of capitulation, to ;
persons born within our jurisdiction. Such a
declaration was a direct and atrocious infringe-
ment of the natural doctrine of voluntary expatria-
tion. Nevertheless, the Executive of the United 1
States took no steps to defend its own dignity
and honor, or to maintain the interests and priv- |
ileges of the people. It uttered no protest against '
the barbarism of Costa Rica, and evinced no dis- i
! position to throw even the weight of its moral j
influence and example in the trembling scales of i
justice, freedom, and humanity. It would not '
grant a recognition of Nicaraguan independence
until compelled to the measure by an overwhelm-
ing force of public opinion, and the political ne-
cessities of the impending Cincinnati Convention.
It would not accept Colonel Parker H. French
as Minister from Nicaragua, and the world can
imagine no other pretext for the rejection than
the mere fact that he chanced to be an expatriated
American. And yet, with its habitual inconsist-
! ency, the same Administration could, without
scruple or hesitation, accredit the naturalized for-
eigner, Soule, to the diademed circle of European
courts.
Had the Executive even paused here, it might,
perhaps, have been excused on the plea of fear
or imbecility. But it must, by instinct and choice,
become an active ally of Costa Rican piracyand
i European policy. The American Secretary of
i State must communicate officially to the English
: Government the bitter hatred and opposition of
his own to the revolutionary drama progressing
in Central America; and, as if not content WTtn:
that deed of treachery, at once against *th6 Amer-
ican interests* andtW traceess of liberal institu-
tl6rtir;"rai Administration misconstrues our neu-
trality laws to defeat the natural right of free
emigration. Orders are dispatched to all the army
of tidewaiters and attorneys to arrest every move-
ment of Americans in the direction of Nicaragua,
lest the republican host might be recruited by
expatriation. Our citizens are captured, impris-
oned, arraigned before the Federal tribunals, and
harassed by futile prosecutions, utterly without
reason, as is demonstrated by the event that they
all end in acquittal or abandonment..
England raised a terrible clamor against the
enlistment of Americans under the banner of
Nicaragua, but said not a word about the employ-
ment of English and Germans by the authority
of Costa Rica. The accusation, in every partic-
ular, was unjust as well as preposterous; for
among the foreigners beneath the Nicaraguan flag
were companies of both the Germans and French
doing battle beside the Americans. Nor did any
Power complain as to the bad faith or officious
interference of the German or French Govern-
ments.
Now, in my judgment, we owe it to our own
dignity, to the liberty of our citizens, and to the
conservation of peace and friendship with all the
governments of the earth, to adopt some effectual
method for the prevention, in all future time, of
any collision or misunderstanding between the
Administration and the people, similar to that
which has so shamefully agitated the country in
reference to the Nicaraguan contest. And to in-
sure such a happy resmt, I can imagine no other
measure, accordant witn the Constitution and the
rules of the law of nations, than the one which I
suggest. Let Congress authoritatively define the
principle of voluntary expatriation, and by the
same act, declare that no statute in relation to
neutrality shall be so construed by the courts, or
by the Executive, as to interfere with the full and
free exercise of that inalienable right in any case
whatsoever falling within the terms and meaning
of the definition. That far, we may modify our
neutrality laws consistently with the practice of
all enlightened nations; but not a step further can
we go, without shocking the common sense, and
willfully sinning against the intelligence, justice,
and humanity of the age.
This provision would afford the citizen the
blessing of his natural and constitutional liberty
to travel where he might please, and with arms
in his hands, while it would leave the Govern-
ment ample power to preserve its territory invio1'
lably secure and sacred from the organization of
hostile armaments and enterprises within the
limits of the national jurisdiction, and to prohibit
any portion of the people from usurping the sov-
ereign authority to declare war as upon their
own responsibility—that barbarous and bloody
: license sufficient to excite the enmity and horror
of all other nations. And if this doctrine, well
defined, and generally comprehended, had been
in force, the American Administration would
never have been used as the tame and pliable
instrument of European diplomacy, and the free-
dom and independence of the popular government
in Nicaragua would never nave been imperiled
as they have been, and are now.
? But although the combination against liberal
institutions in Central America seemed truly
tremendous, in the hour of their extremity and
utmost need Providence raised up in their behalf
a hero that proved himself altogether equal to the
occasion—a compeer to the most famous histori-
cal characters of antiquity. For not even Rom-
ulus, who opened an asylum for refugees from
all nations), in his new city between the two sum-
mits of the capital—inter montium—was superior
to the great warrior of Nicaragua in feats of
Erowess; while the patrician Numa, though aided
y the counsels of his mythic nymph, the divine
Egeria,muat concede the palm of praise to the
American adventurer, William Walker, in ad-
ministrative wisdom. While surrounded by do-
mestic foes, and menaced by the frowns of Euro-
pean, and even of American domination, with a
few hundred brave men, desperate in the cause
of civil liberty, like himself, he has, nevertheless,
educed the beautiful spirit of law and order out
©fail internal chaos, and, at the same time, hurled
back all his external enemies with proud scorn,
and sublime defiance. And yet, this man is still
slandered as a pirate and filiibuster, by the en-
lightened journals of the English press; and.the
accusation is extended, through and beyond him,
at the whole American community, who are
charged with a reckless passion for aggrandize-
ment and aggression, incompatible with the first
principles of national independence, and danger-
ous to the peace of the world.
Now I do not doubt that some of the English
alarmists on the topic of American filibustering
honestly believe in the reality of the specter which
their own fear or fancy alone'has conjured up;
and, as a specious proof, they cite the annexa-
| tion of Texas, and the annals of the Mexican
! campaigns. However, they forget that the ac-
i quisition of Texas was not the final result of
i a long and laborious scheme of patient policy,
1 conceived by the United States, and carried out
by the cunning of a system, but was wholly the
work of Providence or chance. The English
critic may choose whichever point of the dilemma
that pleases his taste or prejudice. It is noto-
rious that the original inducements for American
migration into Texas came from Mexico herself,
in the offer of large donations of land to all actual
settlers within that Territory. The American
Government neither originated the project nor
interfered in its execution. Nor did the American
emigrants, in their new homes, ever harbor an
idea of insurrection against the sovereignty of
their adoption, until tne social contract under
which they had been influenced to enter the coun-
try had been annulled, and every free institution
with the Federal compact lay prone in the dust,
beneath the cruel foot of the Dictator, Santa
Anna. In such a case, would not all Englishmen
have done as they did—rebelled and overturned
ihe power of the tyrant? They came of too noble
