1306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 15, 1856.
34th Cong.;.. 1st Sess.
Congressional Compensation Bill—Mr. Orr.
Ho. of Reps.
It will shortefc the sessions, and thereby reduce
the general legislative expenses, and excludes all
mileage and per diem at all extra sessions that
may hereafter be called.
I have time and again seen Representatives in
Congress give up thejr seats here, and afecept of
offices in the Departments of the Government. A
great many have gone fVom this House to the
heads of bureaus in the Departments. Now, sir,
whenever you pay to executive officers a com-
pensation which is so much greater than that paid
to Representatives, that it becomes an inducement
to Representatives to quit their seats and accept
offices under the Executive, you put this House
under the control of the Executive, because you
give him the power to influence needy men by
promises of lucrative positions, if, as legislators,
they will obey his behests, and thereby sacrifice
-their legislative independence. I desire to see the
Representatives of the people here placed above
ana beyond any such influence. I desire to have
them paid a liberal salary. There are _ but few
members here who do not make a pecuniary sac-
rifice in coming here, even with the increased com-
pensation provided for by this bill.
I know that a proposition of this sort, many
years ago, created a very great excitement through
the country, and caused many gentlemen to be
left at home. The present compensation was
fixed forty years ago. The Representative then
had but thirty thousand constituents; now eafch
member represents about ninety-four thousand,
a treble increase. The labors have increased in a
much greater ratio. Pensions, bounty lands, post
office, and many other new duties are devolved on
the Representatives. So great has been this in-
creased labor, including the franking and address-
ing of documents, that I presume no member has
been able to perform it this session without the aid
of clerks, who are paid out of his private means.
How can these increased expenses, including the
cost of documents, which we send out ahd pay
for, be met by the present salary ?
Mr. CADWALADER. Three members,
only, who voted for that bill were returned to
Congress; and I wish to remind the gentleman
of an amendment proposed to the Constitution,
passed by two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress, confirmed by three fourths of all the States,
save one, denying the power of Congress to in- i
crease their own compensation. '
I hope the gentleman from South Carolina will ;
not move the previous question without at least
having a vote on an amendment to strike out the
words making this act apply to the present Con- ,
gress, and inserting the words, "Provided, That
nothing in this act contained shall apply to mem-
bers of the present Congress." It is due to mem-
bers who have personal scruples in regard to the
bill now before us.
Mr. ORR. I yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in the expectation that he i
would propound to me a simple question. He
has seen fit, however, to make a speech, and in
that speech he holds up before us the ghosts of
the murdered congressmen who voted for the law
to which I have heretofore referred. If the people
of the country desire to inflict the same kind of
vengeance on the present House, should they
! pass the Senate bill or substitute, they may ex-
i ercise the prerogative; but if gentlemen here
' think the bill should pass, I trust they will not
be deterred from voting for it by the reminiscence
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania revives.
Mr. CADWALADER. Not vengeance, but
justice.
Mr. ORR. I can very well understand how
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is quite con-
tent to allow the compensation of members of
Congress to remain at the present sum, because
he happens to be one of those fortunate Members
who possess an ample private fortune from
which he can draw to support himself and family
whilst in the tmblic service.
Mr. CADWALADER. The gentleman is
mistaken; I depend upon my earnings for the sup-
port of myself and my family. Calls of " Or-
der!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it due to
the dignity of the House.Jp say, that when gen-
tlemen persist in debate without the right to do
so, the attention of the House must be called
to it.
Mr. CADWALADER. The House will under-
stand that I was onlv making a direct reply to
an allusion to rfiyself by the gentleman from
South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. If I had a private fortune of half a
million or a million of dollars, I should not have—
so far as I am individually concerned—any per-
sonal interest in this matter, for then I could
afford to make sacrifices. But without that private
fortune 1 am unable to do so; and hence I hold it to
be the duty of all here to make the compensation
adequate to the economical support of congress-
men, without requiring them to expend their
private means to that end. I think that those
who know me will give me credit for being an
ordinarily prudent and economical man; and yet,
at no session since I have been a member of Con-
gress—this being the seventh session — have I
ever been able with my compensation to pay ex-
penses, when accompanied here by my family—
never in the first instance—and I have had to draw
on my private means (and they are very slender,
Mr. Speaker,J to foot up the bills. I suppose
that that has been the experience of three fourths
of the members here.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from South Carolina. The bill
provides for deducting pay from members on
account of their absence. I want to know whether
it contains any provision for ascertaining whether
a member is absent or present?
Mr. ORR. The provision is simply this: that
when a member goes to the Sergeant-at-Arma at
the end of each month for his salary, he shall-
report to the Sergeant-at-Arms the number of
days he has absented himself from the House.
Mr. STANTON. The member?
Mr. ORR. The member. If his absence has
been caused by the sickness of himself or his
family, then he is entitled to his compensation:
if from any other cause, a deduction is to be made
for the absent time. Amemberisnotto be sworn.
He answers upon his own conscience and honor.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment here ?
Mr. ORR. I will not yield the floor to have
any amendment offered. 1 have explained the
general provisions of the bill, and the necessity
existing for its passage. If the majority of the
House are of opinion, that the Senate bill is
better than the substitute, they will reject the
substitute, and adopt the Senate bill. I hope
that the House will vote one or other of these
bills, and place the Representatives of the people
in Congress on at least as high a salary as you
give to your fourth class department clerks. If
you agree to the amendment which I have offered
you give to your Representatives here the same
compensation as you now pay to heads of bureaus
—and no more.
It is suggested to me now, that there is some
. provision in the Constitution, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania intimated, which prevents
members of Congress from increasing their com-
pensation. There is no such inhibition to be
found in the Constitution. I know that some
gentlemen express a delicacy about voting for a
j proposition which is to apply during their term
I of service. But if that is a reason for defeating
this bill, we never will find a Congress in which
the same difficulty will not be equally potent.
Take the Senate: two thirds of the present mem-
bers of that body retain their seats for four years
more; and if we were to pass this bill, and limit
its commencement to the next Congress, a ma-
jority of that body would have voted on the bill
i which was to give themselves the additional com-
pensation.
Then, again: in several of the States, the elec-
, tions for Representatives come on long before the
expiration of the term of the sitting member, as
in Missouri and Iowa, where the Representa-
tives for the Thirty-Fifth Congress have already
been chosen. My friends from Missouri (Messrs.
Phelps and Caruthers] are elected members
of the next Congress; ana if they should vote to
increase the compensation beginning with the
next Congress, it would be as direct a vote for
their own interest as if they voted for it for this
Congress.
We have increased the compensation of all
other officials; arid I do not think that the ser-
vices of members of Congress are so poor and
unimportant that they should be continued at a -
rate of compensation that was fixed forty years
! ago. The necessities of the times require the in-
crease. There have been great advances in rents,
in the value of real estate, and in provisions and
! board. Our predecessors here have recognized
! it by increasing the salaries of all our officers at
home and abroad, and have not done so for them-
selves, from an apprehension that it might be un-
popular. We know that the compensation is inade-
quate, and I am willing to take my rhare of the
responsibility in voting the increase. • I have no
fear that it will produce public clamor anywhere;
and if it does, believing that I am right, I am
prepared to meet it.
THE END
