
will be done tomorrow, but a mile of railroad near Etowah bridge and ten more near Marietta is said to be destroyed. Wire works to Cartersville. Nothing heard of Forrest for two days.

J. C. VAN DUZER,
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rogesville, Ala., October 5, 1864 - 5. 30 a. m.

Captain RAMSEY,

A. A. G., Major - General Thomas' Staff, Nashville, Tenn.:

Reached this point with my command at 6 p. m. yesterday, after a hard march of nineteen miles; raining severaly during the latter part of the day. Will push forward again this morning in the direction of Bainbridge. I hear nothing of the whereabouts of Forrest and his command. Before with his forces crossed the Tennessee at Brown's Ferry Sunday evening. It was this force that threatened Huntsville on Friday and attacked Athens on Sunday. From information derived from citizens that I can rely on there are a number of crossing of the Tennessee by fords and boats. It is raining heavily this morning. Having several creeks to cross today my march will no doubt be delayed.

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier - General.

PULASKI, October 5, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

Major - General THOMAS:

Your dispatch for General Croxton has just been received. I will send it on by courier. General Croxton will go into camp at Mrs. Douglass', eight miles out on Lawrenceburg road, and expects to meet General Rousseay at 8 a. m. tomorrow at Hall's, on military road. No further news from Buford's command since their retreat from Athens on Florence road. I have scouts following up on their trail. Colonel Spalding's mounted command here, as reported by morning report, is only 627 effective cavalry. I have 100 mounted men out on Lamb's Ferry road, with orders to communicate all news gained of enemy to Generals Rousseay and Croxton.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier - General

PULASKI, October 5, 1864 - 5 p. m.

(Received 6,15 p. m.)

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant - General:

General Croxton's command passed through here this morning; fed out four miles on road; will try and reach Widow Douglass' tonight, and be at Hall's in the morning, on the military road. No news from the trestle. General Croxton expects to meet General Rousseau tomorrow. Dispatch from Major - General Thomas to General Rousseau yesterday, as to movements, was sent here, and by me sent to him at Columbia and received by him. No news from buford further than that just after being repulsed at Athens he retreated down the Florence road. I have scouts out on his trail, and have ordered them to

