
ssend all newss to General Croxton and Major - General Rousseau. One of my sout just in. General Croxton will camp at Mrs. Douglass' tonight, eight miless out on Lawrenceburg road, and will meet General Rouseeau at Hall's at 8 a. m. in morning, on the military road.

JOHN C. STARKEWEATHER,

Brigadier - General.

[TULLAHOMA,] October 5, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Nashville:

General Granger telegraphs that a citizen reported rebel cavalry, about 1,000 strong, at Williamson's Mill, nine miles north of Larkinsville. I do not credit this, but think there may be a considerable number of bushwhackers on Paint Rock, which is a noted place for them. I have ordered out scouting party to learn the truth of this report.

R. H. MILROY,

Major - General.

COLUMBIA, October 5, 1864.

Major POLK:

General Rousseau left the vicinity of Mount Pleasant this morning at 5 o'clock, moving for Florence. Croxton left Lynnville at same hour, going toward Lawrenceburg. Rebels crossed their prisoners at Florence, and sent them to Meridian, Miss. A pontoon bridge reported at Bainbridge, but not credited. River is unfordable at any point.

W. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND, KY., October 5, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

On Sunday, on Red Lick, in this county, five citizens attacked fifteen rebel troops, captured seven hourses, and scattered the rebels. Rebels supposed to be going out in squards through Jackson and Owsley. They are supposed to have been cut off in a fight in the mountains with our troops. Look out for them. What shall be done with the horses and equipments? The persons scattering the rebels and making the captured claim the horses. Horses not branded.

J. W. CAPERTON,

Provost - Marshal.

PERRYVILLE, October 5, 1864.

[Via Johnsonville 1 p. m.]

Major - General THOMAS:

I have just been able to communicate with my cavalry; bad roads and streamer to be bridged delayed them, and they will reach Clifton tomorrow morning. I will have them all on the east bank of the Tennessee tomorrow, and will march as rapidly as possible to Pulaski.

