
My infantry and artillery will go with it, unless you otherwise direct. Please send me you latest information as to Forrest's whereabouts when last heard from.

C. C. WASHBURG,

Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 5, 1864 - 9. 45 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURG,

Perryville, via Johnsonville:

Your dispatch of 1 p. m. just recived. I would prefer you infantry to remain at Johnsonville. Your atrillery cank march with you. By communicating with General Rousseau you will be able to learn of Forrest's whereabouts. I have received no news today, or since last received reporting Forrest retreating on Florence.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major - General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORSP,Memphis, Tenn., October 5, 1864.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: A company from the THIRD Iowa Cavalry, under Captain Johnson, left camp yesterday at 4 a. m., and proceeding to Raleigh, on this side Wolf River, returned on the other side, arriving in camp again at sunset. By my orders the houses of John Jones, of Calisle, and of one Sellers, were destroyed. Jones furnished the men powder to shoot us on Sunday last, has two sons already in Alton prison, is an avowed rebel, and refuses to take the oath, harbors guerrillas, &amp;c. Carlisle is a rebel, and harbors guerrillas, and his house has been the resort of Harris, another of the men who were engaged in the affair of last Sunday. Sellers in the brother - in - law of Gill, the soldier spy, caught Sunday. Gill has been harbored there for weeks past. There are some seven horse-thieves caught and in camp this morning. They were taken last night by Captain Joyce with a company composed of men from the Tenth Missouri and THIRD Iowa Cavalry. The neighborhoods about our lines, on both sides of Wolf River, are little more than the picket-lines of the spies, scouts, and horse-thieves and smugglers, who carry supplies and information to the rebel army. They have now received their second warning, and if they do not cease to prey upon and annoy us I hope the general will drive them beyond a line where they can operate with their past success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SSHERMAN,

Atlanta:

Your dispatch of September 26 has just been received. Preparations for the occupation of the Appalachicola are being made as rapidly as possible on you first suggestion. I sent ten days ago to New York for

