
reports seeing no force between this and Lost Mountain. They had but few wagons, but had artillery with them. He says the men were cantioned about the rations, as the supply was short. I have sent a staff officer to order the regiments to go up on Lost Mountain.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major - General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864 - 5,20 p. m.

Major - General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Captain Steele, of my staff, went to Green's house, one mile and a half from the crossing of the Sandtown and Allatoona road, on the Marietta and Dalla road, seven miles from Marietta. He met a boy at this house, who says the rebel cavalry picket reserve was there at 10 o'clock this morning, and at that time they fell back to the mountain, and took him with them. He left the mountain at about 1 p. m. He says he things there were about 2,00 cavalry there. A colonel was in command, and he heard him order some officer in charge on the train "to take the New Hope road. " This train started about 11 a. m., just after they got on the mountain. He saw no artillery or infantry, "as he knows. " When this cavalry left he came home.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major - General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Marietta, October 6, 1864.

(Received 2 a. m. 7th.)

General STANLEY:

I have now definite news of Corse. Allatoona is al safe, but Corse was wounded in the face, losing a cheek bone and ear. He says a cavalry force is reported about Stilesborough, threatening the road above Allatoona. I have ordered him to send all he can spare back and have ordered a brigade of Cox's up there. I have ordered Garrard to threaten the roal between Dallas and Burnt Hickory; Kilpatrick, Powder Springs and the road south of Dallas. I have orderedd Cox to send a brigade down toward Dallas, Howard a DIVISION also, and I want you to do the same, without artillery or wagons, and to return at night. Let your DIVISION go out to Lost Mountain, establish signals, and move cautiously as though intending to attack, but with orders if met in force to work back slowly, drawing the attacking force against you intrenched. I don't want this DIVISION to go more tahn five or six miles out, and to act with great caution as though pressing to develop Hood's position with a view to attack. If Hood has left his position about Dallas I will move up to Allatoona or remain near here, according as he has moved by Hurnt Hickory or south to Powder Springs. My First object is to make him recall any cavalry sent against our roads. *

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

---------------

* See foot-note (+) Part I, p. 598.

---------------

