HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Marietta, October 6, 1864.

General SLOCUM, Atlanta:

The bridge and railroad is the part of your task which I deem most important. Hood has no army on that side now that can invest Atlanta, but he may dash at exposed points. Keep a line of vedettes along down the Turner's Ferry road south of Proctor's Creek. Keep an infantry line on its north side, especially at the bridge across Proctor's Creek near it mouth, where the river road crosses it. I ordered FIFTY men there as I passed. At the bridge defensess you should have one of your best brigadiers, and the works should be much strengthened, with two batteries well supplied with ammunition. I good line of pickets should hold the old rebel line, with a regiment on the extreme left at Turner's Ferry, guarding the lower Nickajack bridge, and a good picket on the signal hill at Vining's. All should on the approach of an enemy resist as long as possible and then rally at the bridge - head. I am not yet positive as to the fate of Allatoona, but will find out today.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, GA., October 6, 1864.

Major - General SHERMAN, Marietta:

Dispatch of this a. m. received and obeyed. Perfectly quiet here; new line done; our position very strong. Can I do anything to help you? I can safety send out a brigade to destroy bridges.

SLOCUM,

Major - General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Marietta and Burnt Hickory Road, October 6, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON:

CAPTAIN: What is the programme for today? I have sent scouts on the several roads to my front to try and reach the Acworth and Dallas road and learn what they can. Have you heard from Howard since Kilpatrick joined him? The latter was skirmishing pretty heavily when I last heard of him, and is in the place to get it until Howard gets up. Davis has not come up on Stanley's left, or had not last night.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier - General, &c.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Kenesaw, October 6, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General ELLIOTT, Chief of Cavalry:

I have sent orders which wil define operations for the day. Howard should be in position now; he was up and moving in yesterday p. m., and Davis is fast working into position and should be nearly in now. Nothing particular from General Kilpatrick. Telegraph open to Atlanta.

Yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide - de - Camp.

