
with the infantry. Of course, I don't want them to attack infantry an position, but strike detachments. If this cavalry had been across to the Allatoona road today they would have captured enough stragglers alone to have made up for our losses at Acworth and Big Shanty. I will send orders to Howard before day to send Kilpatrick agains and Dallas. Corse reports cavalry at Stilesborough, threatening to cross the Etowah and to strike Kingston. Garrard might get up on the Burnt Hickory and Dallas road and cut off any party returning. At all events keep him out and hang close upon the enemy. We must not let Hood send off all his cavalry and hold ours at bay by mere squads. It does look as though our cavalry was afraid to meet an inferior force. Let them wipe out this impression. The fact that a single regiment went out today where a DIVISION of cavalry would not verture elicited universal remark today. I was asked by a hundred where our cavalry was, and why it did not reconnoited instead of men on foot. Hood cannot move his wagons or artillery now, nor can we. Threaten roads south of him and between him and the Etowah, and I will so threaten him with our infantry that he will be in a tight place.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, October 6, 1864.

General McCOOK;

General Sherman reports that the enemy are moving a force around and to the WEST of Allatoona, either to cross the Etowah or to strike the railroad south of this place. General Corse wishes some cavalry sent out early in the morning to patrol the country WEST of the railroad. Please send you mounted men out to the picket post on te Pumpkin Vine, and up that stream to the vicinity of Allatoona.

Respectfully,

GREEN N. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier - General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864.

[General E. M. McCOOK:]

GENERAL: I have just received the following dispatch from General Corse, viz:

Can you ssend me by dayligh tomorrow thirty mounted men? I wish to send a staff officer with dispatches to General Sherman. Answer at once.

My cavalry are all out. Can you send the men called for in above dispatch? Please send answer by courier. A very small force can scout the Pumpkin Vine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier - General.

