
NEAR KOLB'S FARM, GA., October 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION:

The major - general commanding directs me to say that he desires you to keep up a good line of pickets as far to our left as Widow Mitchell's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant - General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kenesaw, October 6, 1864.

(Received 5,30 a. m. 7th.)

General HOWARD:

Order Kilpatrick if he can cross Sweet Water to dash at Powder Springss and then turn toward any or all the roads leading south from Dallas. Hood is about New Hope covering a party of cavalry sent to cross the Etowah and to act against our roads there. I have intelligence from Allatoona. All well there, but General Corse was wounded in the face, losing a cheek bone and an ear. I want you to impress on Kilpatrick the importance of operating rapidly and boldly against the roads by which Hood can alone move south; not to attack infantry in position, but to hand about them as their cavalry does about us, and to pick up enough prisoners to make up for our losses. He should not carry a gun or wheel with him, but move and act as pure cavalry. You may at the same time move out toward Dallas a DIVISION Light, without wagons or artillery, to threaten Hood and to act in concert with the cavalry. Hood's precipitate movement back shows he don't propose to fight us on fair terms, and he knows we will not follow him far, and therefore let this infantry, with the cavalry, seem to seek a position to act against him as he retreats. Keep you artillery and wagons well parked and the main force well in hand near their present positions till roads improve or until new developmemts are made. I will go to the top of Kenesaw tomorrow to watch. I have sent orders similar to these to all the army commanders. General Garrard will threaten the roadss between Hood and Burnt Hickory.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, October 6, 1864.

(Received 10th.)

Major - General HOWARD:

GENERAL: Information received though one of our best scouts, just in from Panola, puts Duckworth's brigade at Panola, Major Chalmers at Grenada, a few companies at Senatobia. The militia are again called out for sic months. All quiet here.

MORGAN L. SMITH,

Brigadier - General.

(Forwarded from Kingston, Ga., October 12, 1864, to headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, for information of the commanding general.)

