
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 130. Kolb's Farm, Ga., October 6, 1864.

I. The troops of this command will be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The route to be pursued will be hereafter indicated. The general supply train will remain in its present position near Marietta until further orders.

II. No movement of the troops, in accordance with [paragraph I,] Special Field Orders, Numbers 130, from these headquarters, wil be made. By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

NEAR KOLB'S FARM, GA., October 6, 1864.

Major General P. JOSEPH OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

I am directed by the major - general commanding to say that General Ransom, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, has been instructed to move his pickets to the front. The general desires that you move yours in conjunction therewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

KENESAW MOUNTAIN, GA., October 6, 1864.

Lieutenant W. H. SHERFY,

Chief Signal Officer, Fifteenth Army Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following as my report for the five days cuding October 5, 1864:

I entered upon duty on this station October 1, taking charge of the station, being the ranking officer. In appendix will be found the messages received an sent during the day. * October 2, Lieutenant Connelly was on duty. I busied myself in getting my tent up and other matters arranged. October 3, very foggy until 10 a. m. Having for several night observed smoke which indicated a large camp east of Lost Mountain, I this a. m. put in position an additional telescope, with which I discovered an extensive camp, and also cavalry and infantry moving, but could not for a considerable time determine whether they were our men or rebels. I used this glass all the time except when engaged in receiving or sending a message; while thus engaged I had my most trusty man at the glass. Between 2 and 3 p. m. I discovered a column of rebel cavalry near the railroad, between Kenesaw Mountain and Big Shanty. I immediately reported this to Captain Randall, assistant adjutant - general, at Marietta. Then ensued a seriess of questions and answers as to whether I was certain they were really rebels, or whether they were not railroad repairers, and they could not believe me until I reported the firing into a train of cars. General McArthur and Captain Randall soon came to this station, and I took great pains to show them that a large

---------------

* Not found as inclosure; but see such messages as appear, ante. See also footnote, Part I, p. 738.

---------------

