
self was wounded in the face, losing a cheek bone and an ear. I have signaled him today and have sent messages by the cavalry; but it is almost impossible to get them outside of the infantry, and therefore I wish you to send a brigade up to Allatoona, and to deliver this letter* (herewith) addressed to General Corse. In the mean time I have ordered Garrard's DIVISION of cavalry to move on New Hope, and will order Kilpatrick to move against Powder Springs, and as though to attack. General Corse reports movements of cavalry about Stilesborough, and the officer commanding at Rome reports Wheeler all about. The way to counteract all these things is to move in force against Hood; but we cannot move our trainst and artillery in this mud, and therefore we must appear to be attacking him. Therefore, keeping your trains where they are, you may move from Mount Olivet toward Dallas a light brigade, making a good deal of smoke and pausing on the hill-tops, not going more than six miles, unless orders are received to convert the feint into a real attack. Keep up you signals and I will go to Kenesaw tomorrow and direct the general movement, which will be general from all three armies. Let the brigade going up to Allatoona take the main road, and go quick, rest, and return, bringing me a written answer.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

WIDOW ORR'S [HULL'S].

On Acworth Road, October 6, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Major - General SHERMAN:

SIR: Your dispatch is received. I have information, which seems reliable, that the enemy went back yesterday. We find no signs of them, except that a few scouts were here this morning. My advance near Mount Olivet Church finds nothing more than here. The roads this side of Pine Mountain are in places almost impassable, having evidently grown no better since we left in June. This has delayed me, as the artillery can scarcely get forward at all. I leave a brigade with the weak teams and push on with the rest. Will observe your directions as to signals. Please send me word whether I shall endeavor to get my trains up as far as I go, or whether we shall calculate upon returning by same route.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier - General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Widowe Hull's, October 5 [6], 1864.

Major - General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: On our right we pushed half a mile beyond Morris' Hill Church; in front to Harris' and to Allatoona Church; and upon the road to Lost Mountain, two miles beyond Kemp's Mill. On the left I sent a small party to Hardshell Church, where they found a picket belonging to Kilpatrick. On the Lost Mountain road alone did we find any enemy. The party there skirmished with a cavalry rear guard, and just before dusk close enough up to hear drivers hurrying teams. We

---------------

* See Sherman to Corse, p. 114.

---------------

