
have been none of our own cavalry except the picket at Hardshell. The enemy encamped at Lost Mountain on Sunday night, and moved from there Monday a. m. I cannot learn of more than the single DIVISION of infantry and the cavalry passing up this side of Lost Mountain, and no one seems to know of any force passing up by any other road. When they went back they circulated the repoort that they were going farther around, i. e., by Kingson, but this was a manifest blind. We have a lieutenant of the Fiftieth Georgia Regiment, who says he went to Allatoona this morning expecting to find his command there, but was fired upon by our troops ther, and attempting to get back this way was intercepted. He declines stating anything more. This, with the information sent by signal from Kemp's Mill, is all I have been able to learn. The cavalry kept out of our reach, skirmishing at very long range, and we were not able to catch any of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 6, 1864.

Referred to Brigadier - General Elliott for his information.

By order of Major - General Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide - de - Camp.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,October 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The date of General Cox's note should probably be 6th instead of

5th. The picket at Hardshell Church was from General Garrard's DIVISION. The Fourth Regulars went beyond Kemp's Mill on the 5th and report infantry, large column, having passed on Lost Mountain and Allatoona road. It was here that column of infantry tried to cut off Fourth Regulars. Infantry was also encountered on the Burnt Hickory road on 5th.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier General and Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of the Cumberland.

NEAR MARIETTA, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier - General COOPER,

Commanding Second DIVISION:

You may put in your command on Reilly's left this morning, putting them in two lines fro the present.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

NEAR MARIETTA, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier - General REILLY,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION:

General Vandever has two regiments and a section of artillery on Brushy Mountain, the high ground a little farther to the right than

