
your right now rests. I think you will have to put your left brigade over there and let General Cooper take the place vacated on your left. Please look at the ground, and do so, unless you can detach a regiment or so, with a section, and so hold the right by a detachment.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, October 6, 1864.

General VANDEVER, Commanding District of Marietta:

GENERAL: Your communication in regard to the strength of your command and the calls upon you for duty is received and considered. Until the requirements upon the forces we have in hand, occasioned by the present emergency, are over you will please do the best you can, and I then will readjust details as may seem necessary. You may move back to Marietta.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General.

NASHVILLE, October 6, 1864 - 8. 30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Have heard nothing from Major - General Rousseau since my dispatch of 4th instant; am expecting news at every moment. General Morgan dispatched from Rogersville yesterday that he will move from that place this morning on Bainbridge and Florence; could get no information of Forrest, but he learned from citizens that Buford had crossed the river at Brown's Ferry the day after his attack at Athens. Have no news from burbridge or the gun-boats since last report. Following dispatch just received this a. m. from Chattanooga, dated 8,30 p. m. 5th instant:

Captain Budlong, assistant adjutant - general, telegrapsh from Cartelsville that the fight at Allatoona today has been severe and that our losses are quite heavy; General Corse and Colonel Tourtellotte wounded; also expects a renewal of the fight in the morning; reports heavy firing south of Allatoona during the day. One of General French's staff captured reports enemy's loss heavy. Re-enforments will reach Allatoona tonight, both infantry and artillery. General Smith left here this p. m. with re-enforcements; will probably reach Allatoona by morning. One DIVISION of the enemy reported moving up the river, probably with intention of crossing.

Nothing from Sherman since last dispatch.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 6, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The following telegran just received from Chattanooga:

General Smith, who left here yesterday (5th instant), telegraphs that they enemy retreated last evening from Allatoona, moving in the direction of Dallas, leaving his dead and from 400 to 600 wounded in our hads; our loss about 100 killed and 200 wounded. Railroad bridge near Riggold washed away yesterday.

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

