
The Resaca bridge will be repaired by tomorrow, and the trains will be able to run as far as Allatoona, going via Cleverand and Dalton. Nothing further has been heard from Major - General Sherman since my dispatch of yesterday, but the retreat of the enemy toward Dallas indicated that he was close upon their rear near Allatoona. Have not heard from Generals Rousseau or Washburn today, but presume that they are pushing Forrest as rapidly as the condition of the roads will permit. We have had heavy and continuous rains for the last the last five days, rendering the roads and streams almost impassable. Have just received the following dispatch from General Granger, dated Huntsville, 9. 50 p. m. October 6, 1864:

The courier reported drowned in crossing the Elk River is in. He lost the dispatches while crossing the river. He reports that two rebels were captured yesterday, who say that they left Forrest at Lawrenceburg the night before, crossing south.

General Morgan's advance was skirmighing with the enemy this a. m. on Shoal Creek, he being unable to cross the creek on account of high water. He hopes to be able to cross by tomorrow morning, when he will push them still farther on. The Alabama railroad will be repaired from here to Pulanski in one week.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major - General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to Lieutenant - General Grant.)

WAS DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 6, 1864 - 12 noon.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your telegram received. This Department is very mucu gratified that you are at Nashville, and your presence there has entirely relieved it of great solicitude. Frequent reports are desired.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 6, 1864 - 7. 30 p. m.

(Received 9. 45 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

A telegram from Allatoona yesterday to Captain Van Duxer states that Hood's army was between them and Big Shanty. Destroyed ten miles of railroad and coming that way. General Sherman in his rear in force. Heavy artillery and musketry firing all day near Kenesaw. Big Shanty was taken this a. m.

SAM. BRUCH,

Captain, &amp;c.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 6, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 7th.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Telegraph repaired to Allatoona today. The action yesterday was severe. French attacking with his DIVISION, 7,000 strong, and suffering heavily, leaving his killed and wounded in our hands to the number of

