
KNOXVILLE, October 1, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Your dispatch received. General Ammen left Bull's Gap on Tuesday last in pursuit of the enemy, who were retreating toward Virginia. General Ammen expected to reach Jonesborough Thursday night. No news from General Burbridge.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 1, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE;

(Through General Tillson, Knoxville, Tenn.)

General Sherman directs that you return at once and move against Forrest in Middle Tennessee. Return via Knoxville, where further instructions will be given you by General Sherman or by myself.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Granger reported last evening from Huntsville that the enemy had appeared before Huntsville and had demanded the surrender of the town. He had no doubt but that he could hold the place, but asked for re-enforcements, as he did not have force enough to assume the offensive. I have sent General Morgan's DIVISION to him this morning. I hear from General Rousseau, who says he has sent General Milroy with Culvert's brigade to Decherd, with instructions to send out cavalry scouts and to report promptly anything of interest. Main cavalry force has ordered to Wichester, with instructions to push out scouting parties on all roads WEST of railroad. From the best information, he does not believe the enemy is in the vicinity of Tullahome or Decherd. The operator at Dechard reports and engine in form the tunnel, and all is quiet there. No excitement and no sings of the enemy. The indications are that the road is clear to Nashville. I am just about sending out a consideration train for Nashville to test the road, and if all is right I will start the trains through again.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., October 1, 1864-1 p. m.

General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Hood has evidently crossed the Chattahoochee to the west, but has not gone to Blue Mountain. Kilpatrick, on the Sweet Water, reports he could hear drums at reveille. There is too much ostentation in this move of Hood's, and he may attempt to swing his cavalry on our road. I have ordered General Garrard over to Powder Springs. I will watch him close. Make as quick work with Forrest as you can, and get back to co-operate with me.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

