HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, October 6, 1864 - p. m.

General MORGAN, Commanding:

Have communicated you position to Major - General Thomas, at Nashville; also to General Rousseau. General Rousseau was to meet General Croxton at Hall's, on old military road, this morning; will probably be near you by time is delivered. Elk River is impassable; one of your couriers with dispatches reported drowned. Send all the information possible this way, so that General Thomas can be kept fully advised. News as to yourself received from Athens.

JOHN C. STERKWEATHER,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

PULASKI, October 6, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Major - General THOMAS, Commanding:

We have 34,000 rations on hand. All the troops are on half rations here. General Croxton moved on this morning just before daybreak. No news whatever from Rousseau. I sent six of my scouts with General Croxton, so as to be kept fully posted. Courier just in from Lamb's Ferry road, with dispatch dated 5th, on Sugar Creek; had been to Lexington; learned that Forrest had encamped near Lawrenceburg night of the 4th, and some of his command near Mount Pleasant.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier - General.

PULASKI, October 6, 1864 - 2. 50 p. m.

Major - General THOMAS, Commanding, Nashville:

General Morgan's DIVISION left Athens on the 4th instant; is across Elk River, probably at to near Bainbridge Ferry. His rear guard, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, has just returned to Athens; could not cross Elk River, which is very high. Attack on Athens was by General Buford's full command at 3 p. m. October 1. Enemy retreated at 10 a. m. October 2, with heavy loss. He had the trains with him, and retreated down Florence road; had four guns with him, and is reporterd as having crossed river; carried his wounded away; left 4 of his dead behind; twenty-two of his shells truck inside the fort. Our loss only 2 wounded. Hastily constructed bomb-proof faved many lives. We have 65 wounded at Athens in a destitute and suffering condition Cannot a shopital train, by way of Stevenson, be sent for them? Have sent information received by courier to Major - General Rousseau. We have 500 men and two pieces artillery at Athens, Lieutenant - Colonel Wade, Seventy-THIRD Indiana, commanding.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

PULASKI, October 6, 1864.

Major - General THOMAS, Commanding:

General Morgan is beyond Rogersville, partly across Shoal Creek; cavalry was skirmishing. Will send another courier to General Rousseau, also to General Morgan, informing them of everything going on. Courier drowned in Elk River having dispatches from General Morgan.

JOHM C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier - General.

