
Nashville, October 6, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Louisville:

Send such force as is necesary to General Meredith from the cavalry at Lexington as fast as it can be mounted. We leave here at 2 p. m. tomorrow. Send mail to Chattanooga. The general thinks you had better not leave Louisville yet.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide - de - Camp.

LEXINGTON, KY., October 6, 1864.

Brigadier - General MEREDITH:

It is out of my power to send you any assistance now. Will send you a mounted force as soon as practicable. Please telegraph information of the rebel movement in you district.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[OCTOBER 6, 1864. - For Canby to Washburg, in relation to movement of cavalry from Arkansas to WEST Tennessee, see Vol. XLI.]
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Illinois INFANTRY VOLS.,Fort Adams, Miss., October 6, 1864.

Captain J. W. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant - General:

SIR: I have the honor to inform the major - general commanding that Colonel Osband, with a portion of his command, arrived here about 5 o'clock this afternoon from Woodville, bringing in 50j prisoner of war, including 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, 3 pieces of artillery, and about 300 head of cattle, mules, and horses. He reports that he engaged about 250 at Woodville and a battery, under command of Colonel Gober, this morning about 7 o'clock, and after a short fight dispersed them, killing 40, wounding none, and taking the prisoners and artilery mentioned, with no loss to his force either in killed or wounded. This command now occupy a position about four miles from here on the Woodville road, where he has gone to join them. It is reported that Colonel Scott is concentrating with a view to attacking early in the morning. Colonel Osband intends to move to Woodville in the morning unless he meets them before. With my command I have brought in more than 100 head of stock today. In view of the facts set forth above, I have arranged with Colonel Osband to renmain here with the fleet until Saturday morning at

8 o'clock. I regard such a course at least but prudent, and I think it comes within the discretion given me by Major - General Dana. The enemy appear to be thoroughly aroused, and may make an effort to prevent the farther advance of the cavalry, if not to drive them to the cover of the gun-boats. With my regiment I will join Colonel Osband early in the morning, if there is to be a fight. It is reported that our forces wer followed nearly to this place today by Colonel

