
Scott. The information so far is not as clear as I could wish but I believe it to be satisfactory, andthe command, so far as I can learn, is in good condition. In addition to other reports we have several hundred very intelligent contrabands. The stock will be placed on the boats in the morning. I regard this information as sufficiently important to send the Fulton to Natchez, and request that she be immediately sent back for use and with further instructions if necessary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

L. KENT,

Colonel.

[OCTOBER 7, 1864. - For Sherman's Special Orders, Numbers 86, conveying thanks to the defenders of Allatoona, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 771.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 7, 1864 - 8. 30 p. m. (Received 12 p. m.)

General STANLEY:

Army will remain in present position until further intelligence of the movements of the enemy when reported by your Cavalry, still out.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Howard, Corse, and Cox.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Pine Hill, October 7, 1864 - 2 a. m.

General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

Send one DIVISION of your corps - I woulsd suggest it be General Baird's - out to Lost Mountain, establish signals, and moye - cautiously as though intending to attack, but with orders if met in force to work back slowly, drawing the attacking force against your position. Do not send the DIVISION over six miles out from here; this will limit the DIVISION to a move of two or three miles beyond Lost Mountain. Instruct the DIVISION commander to move with great caution as though pressing to develop Hood's position with a view to attack. The best route for the command to take will be out along the line of fortifications. Let the DIVISION move without wagons or artillery and return here at night; they had better take shelter- tents and knapsacks. General Sherman has ordered Howard to send a DIVISION toward Dallas, and Cox a brigade. Let the DIVISION start at 7. 30 a. m. Instruct the DIVISION commander to communicate from Lost Mountain to Kenesaw to General Sherman and to Pine Hill to me. I will send signal officers to Lost Mountain. Tell the commander of the DIVISION to report here before starting.

By command of Major - General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

