
of over 500. Our loss was also severe. Road less damaged than estimated. It may be four or six miles to be rebuilt. Enemy on our appearance fell back to Dallas, and at dark yesterday we held Kenesaw, Pine Hill,, and Lost Mountain; and Hood's camps appeared at New Hope Church, Dallas, and a point fifteen miles southwest of Lost Mountain. The supposition is be has sent his cavalry up toward Kingston, but I think the high water wil bother him. Yesterday it rained in torrents, and the roads were awful. It is now bright and clear, and I wil get to work on the road, and will watch Mr. Hood close. Make Atlanta safe beyond risk, and spare a brigade or part of a brigade to hold the old rebel works on the WEST bank of the Chattahoochee, especially down about Turner's Ferry. That point is very strong, and esentail to the perfect covering of the railroad and bridges. I will go on to repair our roads. Grass is good, and our old camps are well stocked with sprout or volunteer corn, which is excellen fodder. You can find the same down about Peach Tree. Keep me well posted, though you cannot count on finding me in these chestnut woods until after night. Please answer now, as my telegraph operator sends this, and can hunt me up if answer is important.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, October 7, 1864.

Major - General SHERMAN:

Everything is perfectly quiet here; the bridge will be finished tonight. Are you willing I should send a strong foraging party southeast? I think it can be safety done.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major - Gneeral.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kenesaw, October 7, 1864.

General SLOCUM, Atlanta:

Have official intelligence from Allatoona. A very hard fight, but complete success. Corse arrived from Rome that morning just in time with re-enforcements. His loss foots up near 600, and he reports 150 rebel dead buried by him, and 450 prisoners. All our cattle, 8,000, are in at Allatoona safe. The Resaca bridge was partly washed away, but will be done soon. Don't hear of any enemy up the road. The road is well torn up between this and Allatoona, and I will get to work to repair it. Put your men to work hard, for Hood has gone off south and may swing round on you, but I will not learn till late toming the exact ruoute he tool. Our cavalry is now at Powder Springs and New Hope Church, and pushing toward Dallas.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General.

ATLANTA, October 7, 1864.

Colonel SMITH, Chattahoochee:

There is a signal station already established at Vining's Station. I will arrange to send one to the bridge. Put two 20-pounders in one

