
fort, on north side of river, and two light guns in the other; put the balance of your artillery in position on wouth side of river. Construct at once abatis around the forts on north side of river.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major - General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Burnt Hickory and Marietta Road, October 7, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide - de - Camp, Hdqrs. Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report having hear from General Garrard. His communication, dated 11. 30 a. m. today, states that he is near New Hope Church, skirmishing with the rear of the enemy. Armstrong camped on the ground where he then was, and French's DIVISION camped at New Hope Church. General Garrard did not know, when he wrote, which way they marched, bur rumor reported them moving toward Dallas. Citizens tell him very conflicting stories, from which, he says, he can determine nothing. He had captured one wagon containing a rebel brigadier - general and colonel, with 3 soldiers and 4 negroes.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier General and Chief of Cavalry, Dept of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Marietta and Burnt Hickory road, October 7, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide - de - Camp, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of communication from the major - general commanding of the 6th. General Garrard was ordered with his DIVISION as directed, and the instructions of the major - general commanding comunicated to him. The instructions heretofore given me were as follows:

The night of the 2nd I received verbal instructions to mass my cavalry near Powder Springs, open communication with Marietta; if the enemy had gone in the directions of Allatoona to follow him up, and harass him as such as possible. High water delayed the movement, but I communicated with Marietta the night of the 3d. Learning that the enemy was on the railroad near Big shanty, I marched early on the 4th for that place, found our infantry engaged with the enemy, then decstroying the railroad, the working party protected by a strong force of infantry, with at least one DIVISION of Lee's corps in position behind works extending from the Burnt Hickory road to the railroad. I safisfied myself of this from personal observation and from prisoners taken on my front, and about two miles distant. On the 5th to co-operate with Major- General Stanley in a feing on Pine Hill, General Kilpatrick was ordered toward Dallas, and became engaged on that road. Sent in two prisoners from Hardee's corps, who reported the corps proceeding from Powder Springs to Lost Mountain. I accompanied General Garrard's

