HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near New Hope Church, October 7, 1864 - 11. 30 a. m.

Brigadier - General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am near New Hope Church, skirmishing with the rear, Armstrong camped where I am now, and French's DIVISION as the church. I don not know yet which way they marched, but rumor says toward Dallas. Very conflicting stories are told by citizens, and I can determine nothing. I captured the wagon General Sherman wished me to, and in it was a brigadier - general and a colonel.

Very respectfully, yours,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier - General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,New Hope Church, October 7, 1864 - 4. 45 p. m.

Brigadier - General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report that I drove Armstrong from New Hope Church and followed him to the creek near Dallas, where I found him in line across the creek and drew seven shots from his artillery. I also explored the Powder Springs road, the Lost Mountain road, and the Burnt Hickory road. The information is hard to reduce to system from the fact that all the roads in this country have been used by infantry and cavalry. As well as I can judge, I think infantry moved from Powder Springs, via this place, yesterday to Dallas. The wagon train and the infantry that was on the railroad came here, via Lost Mountain, and today are moving to Van Wert. Armstrong's brigade is near Dallas. Some prisoners and citizens say that they are making for Blue Mountain and some say for Rome, but from their direction they can go to either place. I have a citizen from Van Wert this morning, and he says that there is a large column on the road there. I will remain here tonight and await orders. I did not move from this place, as I am just in receipt of the information brought in by my parties on the different roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier - General, Commanding DIVISION.

(Forwarded to General Sherman.)

MARIETTA AND BURNT HICKORY ROAD,

October 7, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second DIVISION:

GENERAL: The major - general commanding wishes to prevent Hood crossing the Allatoona ridge toward the Etowah bridge. He wishes the cavalry kept employed harassing the enemy's rear, picking up parties, and also striking whenever he offers an opportunity; the bad roads will occasion delay and stranggling of which we must take advantage.

