HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 1, 1864-2 p. m.

General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

I have your dispatch of noon. Use your own discretion as to the matters north of the Tennessee River. If I can induce Hood to swing across to Blue Mountain I shall feel tempted to start for Milledgeville, Millen, and Savannah, or Charleston, absolutely destroying all Georgia, and taking either Savannah or Charleston. In that event I would order back to Chattanooga everything the other side of Kingston, and bring forward all else, destroy Atlanta and the bridge, and absolutely sever the Southern Confederacy. In that event Hood would be puzzled, and would follow me, or if he entered Tennessee he could make no permanent stay; but if he attempt the road this side of Kingston or Rome I will turn against him. Forrest will not attack our forest, that is manifest, but will try and possession of Decatur. All the infantry and cavalry not in forts or block-houses should be directed against him by roads, say by the Shelbyville pike and Fayetteville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch of 2 p. m. is received. I will make the best arrangement I can with what force I have to drive Forrest out of Middle Tennessee. General Rousseau reports that he has 3,000 cavalry with him, and can make up 1,300 more by to-morrow night. He has wagon transportation for 2,000 or 3,000 infantry, which will give him a force between 6,000 and 7,000. I shall directed him to use the wagons to carry rations, and start him with force, when organized, after Forrest. Then I will make arrangements for the distribution of the re-enforcements expected, and return to Atlanta as soon as possible afterward.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 1, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

General Howard has two DIVISIONS down toward Fairburn, and to- morrow will make a strong demonstration along that road. General Cox sends a DIVISION to Flat Rock. General Elliott goes to-morrow with General Garrard over to Powder Springs. I will keep you well advised. Let me know everything as fast as possible, that I may judge of Hood's game. If possible, drive Forrest across the Tennessee, and hurry down at Nashville the reserves ordered by Grant, for I want to make a big move.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

