
KENESAW MOUNTAIN, October 7, 1864 - 10. 45 a. m.

general G. B. RAUM,

Via Allatoona:

Hurry cattle into Allatoona Pass at once.

SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH Ohio VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,Cartersville, Ga., October 7, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General G. B. RAUM,

Commanding 3rd DIVISION, 15th Army Corps, Cartersville, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order of the 3rd instant, I marched with my whole available mounted force to Adairsville and brought through 2,200 head of beef-cattle as far as Cassville - the incidents I reported by telegraph to you heretofore. On arrival at Cassville an orderly overtook me with your telegram of the 5th instant, which I could not fully understand. I notified you by telegraph of the fact; also gave other facts which I supposed would be of benefit in your giving further instructions and to provide against the possibility of delay. I sent courier through to you, reporting my command at Cassville without rations, and requesting you to send me, in writing, what you had desired to express by telegraph, so that I could intellingently and faithfully execute you plans. I also requested that if it was deisred I should march my command otherwhere than to camp, that rations be sent to me through regimental commissary by midnight of the 5th instant. I awaited until break of day for reply to my telegram, my written dispatch, and my courier to return with rations, when, finding it useless to wait longer, I pushed forward to strike Etowah River, at a point four miles below Lovengood's Bridge, to ascertain if an enemy were crossing. At McGoverin's Creek I found the rains (the hardest and longest I ever experienced) has swollen it to a flood, and I was compelled to march back and around about twelve miles and strike the river at the Etowah Iron Works, which I did at 1 p. m., and sent you dispatch per courier. From this point I reached the bridge at 3. 15 o'clock; found no enemy, and no signs of any; then threw the remaining part on the floor our of the bridge and moved for Field's Bridge, four miles farther up the river, but ten miles by the only road we could travel. My stock were exhausted. I had been able to procure but five ears of corn for the horses from Cartersville to Adairsville and back; had fed but once during the day's march from Cassville, and was compelled to turn out at Mr. John Evan's farm and get some corn for horses, and potatoes and hogs for the men to eat - this was four miles form Field's Bridge; I here had confirmed what I had previously learned that this bridge was exactly like Lovengoo's - floor out, impassable for horses and wagons, but perfectly good for men. At 12 migdnight a cavalry force was halted at my picket, which proved to be sixty men of THIRD Ohio Cavalry, bearing dispatches from General Sherman to General Thomas. The officer in command had marched the other side of the river; has crossed it above Canton by swimming; had seen no enemy, and bivouacked with me. This made it useless for me to go farther, and at dayligh I marched for camp and reported at your headquarters at 11. 30 a. m. Both the bridges above spoken of are new, of best kind, weatherboarded, roofed, and painted. An enemy desiring to cross could make a floor of the weatherboarding in

