
in various directions from there, varying from one to two miles distant, and learned from a Mr. House that, on the 5th, one DIVISION of the rebels went by her house toward Acworth and returned on same day and passed the road we are now camped on in the direction of Lost Mountain, and that General Hood was with them and at her house, and that they were trying to concentrate at New Hope Church and Dallas. A Mr. Harris says that he was at Big Shanty when it was captured by the enemy, and that they then went for Allatoona and were repulsed, and that they fell into the Acworth and Dallas road and seemed to be going for Dallas; that all scouts and soldiers he saw after he came home were making for New Hope Church. His little son saw a DIVISION of them lying in the road on the 5th near Mr. McLean's house. At Allatoona Church a man by the name of Lewis informed me that about fifteen mounted scouts passed his house about sundown yesterday evening, coming in the direction of our camp, but did not se them return; saw ne large body of troops. The road had been traveled by about ten or fifteen scouts some time yesterday evening or last night after the rain. All the citizens I saw concur in the report of the enemy going toward New Hope Church and Dallas. While at Allatoona Church I heard some firing to my front and left, and I went about a mile forward to make observations, and from what I could hear from the report of fire-arms it seemed to be about one mile and a half to the right of the while house formerly occupied by General Cox as his headquarters and on and beyond the ridge occupied by the rebels in front of said house; the line, if any, was across the ridge and not on the crest. I heard nothing but small arms, and then only at intervals. I remained at the church for an hour, and the firing did not increase and I returned.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. LOVE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

P. S. - Off to the left of the Allatoona Church about one mile I picked up there soldiers belonging to the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, which seemed to indicate that they were in my front and that it was useless to proceed farther.

S. P. L.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., October 7, 1864 - 12. 30 p. m.

I herewith forward you report of Colonel Love. Nothing new. Have not heard from Casement. Cannonading heard south of Lost Mountain, apparently.

J. W. REILLY,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 7, 1864 - 9. 30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

Your telegram received, and the sucess of your operations against the rebel forces is very gratifying. There is nothing new to communicate in respect to the operations in Virginia.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

