
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 7, 1864 - 9. 30 p . m.

(Received 12 m. 8th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major - General Rousseau, with his command, was at Blue Water, on old military road, eighteen miles north of Florence, at 5 a. m. today, and was to leave that place as soon as it was light enough to march his troops . The recent rains have made the roads almost inpassable, and materially interfere with his progress in the pursuit of Forrest. General Johnson, with the cavalry, is three miles south of him, and General Croxton, with his brigade, is nine miles south of Gneeral Rousseau on Shoal Creek. Citizens report to General Rousseau that fighting was heard on the Athens and Florence road yesterday morning, supposed to be General Morgan's DIVISION engaged with the enemy. I have not heard from General Morgan, but would not be surprised if this report is true, as General Morgan is pressing Forrest closely. Washburn was at Waynesborough this morning, and will join General Rousseau tomorrow at Waterloo.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major - General.

(Same to Lieutenant Grant.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 7, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 9th.)

Major - General SHERMAN:

General Morgan's DIVISION was at Shoal Creek, on the Athens and Florence road, this a. m., pressing the enemy closely, and heavy skirmishing going on between them. Morgan unable, on account of high water, to get across the creek with his whole force. Rousseau was at Blue Water, on the old military road, eighteen miles north of Florence this a. m. Major - General Washburn at Waynesborough pushing on to join Rousseau. Four gun-boats are up the Tennessee River in the neighborhood of Florence, which wil effectually prevent the enemy crossing there. I hope to have some good news to report tomorrow. Four bridges on the Chattanooga and Atalnta road, on the Chickamauga river, have been carried away by high water, but will not materially affect the operations of the road, as trains can run via Cleveland. Colonel Wright promises to have the road in running order as far as Allatoona in one week. Six new regiments have arrived, which have already been posted at this point and along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad as far as Murfreesborough. The Tennessee and Alabama Railroad has been pretty thoroughly between Pulaski and Athens, but can be put in good running ordr between here and Pulaski in one week.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major - General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 7, 1864 - 11 p. m.

(Received 8th.)

Major ECKERT:

General Granger reports from Huntsville that Colonel Mitchell reports to him that Forrest has escaped over the Tennessee River, near Florence, with his command, all but 500 men. It was stated that the

