
fords were too high to be used, and the report is not fully credited, but I give it as received. The colonel commands Second Brigade of General Morgan's DIVISION, and ought to know. Nothing from General Sherman. Atlanta railroad badly destroyed by flods and rebels together, but can be used as far as Allatoona now.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West side of Shoal Creek, Ala., October 7, 1864 - 7 a. m.

Captain RAMSEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Thomas' Staff, Nashville, Tenn:

Forrest has escaped us. He crossed at Pride's Ferry, ten miles below Florence, on the 5th, leaving Florence himself about 2 p. m. that day. Two regiments of his rear guard were sent to my front during the night of the 5th, attacking my picket lines. Early in the morning with a portion of my command drove them through Florence. One company of cavalry from General Rousseau's command reached this point late last evening for the purpose of taking possession of the Rainbridge crossing, the general's main command being some twenty-five miles from here on the old military road. I will leave in the morning on my return to Athens, where I am in hopes to receive ordewrs for my future movements and railroad transportation for my command.

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier - General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, October 7, 1864 - 9. 15 a. m.

Brigadier - General MORGAN,

Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: I am now twelve miles north of Florence on the military road on my way to Florence. I this morning sent telegram to Pulaski, to be forwarded to General Thomas, proposing a future movement of the whole command (your and mine), to which I shall have a reply tomorrow morning by 9 o'clock. You should remain with your command below Florence, where supplies may be easily obtained in the country, till the reply of General Thomas is received. I am satisfied that a large portion of Forrest's force are stil this side of the Tennessee River, and think your presence and aid necessary to their capture or destruction. You will, therefore, please move your command at once below Florence, to a point to be designated when you reach that town. When you receive this please answer by bearer, and say what time you will reach Florence.

I am, very respectfully,

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major - General Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West side of Shoal Creek, Ala., October 7, 1864 - 11. 15 a. m.

Major - General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch, dated 9. 15 a. m. October 7, 1864. In accordance with orders

