
CHATTANOOGA, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier - General WEBSTER,

Nashville:

The following received from Cartersville:

General Sherman signals that a force is moving around and to the WEST of Allatoona to cross the Etowah or strike the railroad south of Cartersville.

General Smith, who returned last night, leaves this morning, with seven regiments for Cartersville, running his trains by way of Cleverand. Resace beidge destroyed by high water again last night; also three beidges over Chickamanga. Bridge over Etowah reported gone.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant - General.

OCTOBER 7, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville:

I am not able to learn the whereabouts, of Captain Caspar. Will find him if here. Scouts sent out from here report Wheeler near Summerville yesterday. They report rebel infantry pickets on Coosa River, above and below Cedar Bluff. Road south of here badly damaged by high water. Can run to Resaca by way of Cleverand.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant - General,

CARTERSVILLE, October 7, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant - General:

Everything queit today. The battle of Allatoona was a desperate one. Lost 100 killed. The loss of the enemy was terrible. The fight continued five hours. No definite news from General Sherman. He has the enemy, however.

G. B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier - General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, October 7, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Lexington:

The following has just been received from my courier sent to General Burbridge. The general, I believe, is not retreating, but acting upon the first dispatch:

BULL'S GAP, TENN., October 7, 1864.

Gneeral GILLEM,

Knoxville, and

Colonel DILLARD,

Cumberland Gap:

I started from Cumberland Gap the 2nd instant with dispatches for Gneeral Burbridge. I reached Moccasin Gap, twenty-one miles from salt-works, October 4. Gap was blockaded by the rebels; they were engaged in removing it. When I arrived they were driving large drove of cattle into salt-works. I learned from citizens

