
and soldiers that General Burbridge had retreated down the Big Sandy. Rebels report having a fight with Burbridge Sunday, and acknowledge a loss of 160 killed and wounded; say Burbridge lost about 300, mostly colored troops. I destroyed dispatches and reported here.

WM. HENDERSON,

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, October 7, 1864 - 1. 30 p. m.

Major - General SCHOFIELD:

I have heard nothing from paducah since yesterday. Colonel Schofield went to Lexington this morning to start the cavalry as soon as possible. Can't General Hooker send troops to General Meredith?

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant - General.

PADUCAH, KY., October 7, 1864.

Captain J. B. DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have been informed from reliable authority that there are about 1,000 Confederate troops, under the command of Colonel Chenowerth, at Boston, Tenn., about forty miles from Mayfield. They have been coming in there all this week. If I had a force of cavalry or mounted infantry I think they could be taken by surprise and a large portion of them captured. I would command the expedition.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier - General.

NEAR WAYNESBOROUGH, October 7, 1864 - 5 a. m.

(Via Johnsonville.)

Major AGeneral H. G. THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. My whole command reached here last night in good condition. The report is that Forrest passed Lawrenceburg on the 4th, going toward Florence. The Tennessee has risen several feet, and I hope he may not be able to recross until we can come up with him. I press forward with my whole command this morning and shall communicate with Rousseau as soon as possible.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major - General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 87. In the Field, Kenesaw, October 8, 1864.

I. The armies will march at once toward Allatoona - that of the Ohio by roads south and WEST of Acworth, that of the Cumberland by roads south and WEST of Kenesaw Mountain leading through Acworth, and that of the Tennessee of roads north and east of Kenesaw via Big Shanty and Acworth.

II. The Army of the Ohio will halt for orders near good grass and water two or three miles this side of Allatoona, that of the Cumberland this side of Acworth, and that of the Tennessee this side of Big Shanty, all giving attention to the grazing of their animals when not on the march.

