
III. All details for repairing roads will remain at work until relieved, or new orders are made. The repairs will be pushed to the maximun, and as soon as the Chattahoochee bridge is done the hospitals and sick now at Marietta will be sent to Atlanta.

IV. Until furthern orders, General Elliott will keep all his cavalry force watching the enemy, but ready to march repidly to Stilesborough and the Etowah bridge if the enemy turns north toward Rome or Kingston; otherwise the cavalry will remain at the front or left flank of the army.

V. Should the enemy attempt our road about Kingston, or to invest Rome, the army must be prepared to leave at Allatoona the principal wagon trains and to march rapidly to the point threatened, but if the enemy simply move off toward Jacksonville or Blue Mountain the army will remain, its right at Allatoona and left at Kenesaw, until our roads are repaired.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide - de - Camp.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE ROBINSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant - General:

I have personally examined my line this morning, and find no troops whatever on my left for one mile nearly. I find none crossing what I think is the Sandtown road. There are, 800 yards left of my line, two 3-inch guns, totally unsupported. I consider this unoccupied part of the line very important, as two broad roads come into the city on that line, and the works are weaker than at other points. I will organize all armed stragglers, &amp;c., into one battalion, under Major Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers. Those originally reporting with Colonel Meumann I propose leaving, as they are under his command.

E. A. CARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Morris's Hill Church, October 8, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide - de - Camp, Hdqrs. Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: General Kilpatrick reports from near Kolb's farm that General Howard moves tomorrow, and has directed him to await further orders from me. In accordance with paragraph IV, Special Field Orders, Numbers 87, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, of this date, I have ordered General Kilpatrick to proceed to Pumpkin Vine town and thence to Van Wert towatch the movements of the enemy - should he go in the direction of Rome or Etowah River to march rapidly for Stilesborough and the Etowah bridge; should he go to Blue Mountain General Kilpatrick is to scout toward Villa Rica and the Chattahoochee River. As the two DIVISIONS will be concentrated near to or beyond Dallas I propose joining them tomorrow, unless otherwise directed. I have a rebel who calls himself an "army scout," does not belong to any regiments or organization authorized in war. Should he not be disposed of? He escaped nine shots.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier - General and Chief of Cavalry.

10 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT III

