HEADQUARTERS SECVOND CAVALRY DIVISION,New Hope Church, October 8, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Brigadier - General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

I have possession of Dallas. From prisoners captured there I learn that Hood's headquarters were there until two days since, when they were moved to Cedartown; also that all his army, except detachments left at the bridge, are north of Chattahoochee; that they threw up new works to cover the roads to Dallas, and after the railroad was destryoed they all moved westward through Dallas and roads in vicinity. Jackson's whole DIVISION is now just beyond Dallas, and I am now capturing cavalry instead of infantry. I have also sent to Burnt Hickory and toward Stilesborough. Will send in any information as soon as obtained. The Blue Mountain story seems more and more probable; still they may make for Rome. The roads I came over yesterday were good, and no trouble to pass trains over them.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier - General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Allatoona Road, near Morris'Hill Church, October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second DIVISION:

GENERAL: Until further orders you will watch the enemy, but he ready to march rapidly to Stilesborough and the Etowah bridge if the enemy turns north toward Rome or Kingston; otherwise you will remain to the front and left of the army.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier - General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near New Hope Church, October 8, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Brigadier - General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have positive information as follows: On Wednesday Hood's wagon train, quite large, and marked Hardee's, Lee's, and Stewart's corps, passed through dallas and took the Van Wert road. On Thursday, all day, Thursday night, and Friday morning infantry was passing; yesterday Hood left there and tool the same road. I drove in cavalry pickets this side of Dallas this morning, and followed two miles on the same road. I think by this time the cavalry is in motion except perhaps Ferguson's brigade, out on the Dallas and Villa Rica road. there is no definite information in regard to destination beyond Van Wert. No force except a little cavalry has passed Burnt Hickory. Stewart's corps turned off this side and went to Van Wert. You can say to General Sherman that this is perfectly reliable. Prisoners say Hardee has gone to Virginia and Cheatham is in command of his corps. Blue Mountain seems to be the point Hood is making for. Please let me know what I am likely to do, as I must get up rations soon unless I move back.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier - General, Commanding DIVISION.

