
KENESAW MOUNTAIN, October 8, 1864 - 11. 35 a. m.

General CORSE:

Dispatch received; all right. I will be at or near Allatoona tomorrow.

SHERMAN.

CARTERSVILLE, October 8, 1864 - 2 p. m.

General SHERMAN:

Do you want Gillem's and Wooley's Bridges, near Kingston,

destroyed?

G. B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier - General.

KENESAW MOUNTAIN, October 8, 1864 - 3. 30 p. m.

Colonel RAUM:

Yes; bridges over the Etowah between railroad and Rome should be destroyed at once. Hood is making from Dallas to Cedartown. I will be at Allatoona tomorrow. Look to the safety of the brigades near Cartersville.

SHERMAN,

By DAYTON.

CARTERSVILLE, October 8, 1864 - 8. 30 a. m.

Colonel WEVER:

General Sherman wishes to resume railroad communications with Chattanooga at the earliest moment possible; push the work on the bridge. What causes the delay in sending the carpenters? Where is General Smith?

G. B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier - General.

CARTRSVILLE, GA., October 8, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

Finding that the brigade from the Twenty-THIRD Corps was to remain at Allatoona I at once moved my command to this place, being en route for Rome. The wounded, about 300, I had loaded on cars at A[llatoona] and pushed up toward Kingston, but found that the drift had so damaged the bridge over the Etowah as to preclude their crossing until the necessary repairs could be made. The constructing force was sent for yestreday, but has not yet arrived (12 m. 8th); it will, therefore, be impossible to get my wounded to Rome today. I have carried across the river seven car-loads of wounded, and will send them to Rome, hoping to get them there and a train back in time to take the rest before morning. I am a little anxious for two reasons; first, they suffered much last night from exposure and need care; second, I want the cars emptied to move troops rapidly in case of any emergency. The rebel wounded, about 250, I left at Allatoona. The sound prisoners I have sent to Kingston with the DIVISION. I will go to Kingston this afternoon via railroad. There is a great deficiency in the railroad construction department between Resaca and Allatoona, which occasions all the delays. Tackle and instruments we can't find here are necessary to repair the bridges over the Etowah and Oostenaula. The bridge at Resaca will be done, I am informed, tomorrow. This bridge here ought to be finished tonight. I will stay at Kingston tonight with

