
TANTALON, October 1, 1864.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Am safe to this point. Track considerably out of repair. Train was over the road from Tallahoma to this point to-day. Unless otherwise ordered, I shall run through to Tullahom, and then report to General Milroy.

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding Train.

COWAN, October 1, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

General THOMAS:

All is safe to this point. Thus far I have found the track disturbed. We are ordered to lie over at Decherd till morning. Think I will send the train back from Dechard.

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding Train.

DECHARD, TENN., October 1, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

I found General Milroy here. Shall start the construction train back to Chattanooga in the morning. There is nothing to prevent trains running as heretofore between Chattanooga and Nashville.

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 1, 1864- 10 p. m.

(Received 11 a. m. 2d.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Enemy gone from Chattanooga railroad, and Huntsville and Decatur are threatened. Huntsville was summoned to surrender yesterday, since which no reports been received. Rebel rumors say Decatur and Huntsville both captured, but this is not credited. Artillery firing heard at Huntsville this morning by garrison at Flint River. Body of rebel cavalry have threatened Franklin to-day; no doubt diversion, meant to cover retreat from Fayetteville of their main force.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

STEVENSON, October 1, 1864-9. 50 a. m.

Captain RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The First Second, and one regiment of THIRD Brigade, and Barnett's battery here. As soon as the trains are arranged will move out on the Huntsville road. Guerrillas attacked this road about twelve miles from here, tearing up the track, destroying two or three ears, and killed one or two men. Construction train has been sent out to repair road. No telegraph communication with Huntsville. No commissary supplies here. I have ordered some forwarded with the THIRD Brigade,

