
my force, and, if nothing further is developed by tomorrow noon, will move thence to Rome ready for further movements. The garrisons are as follows: Allatoona - one brigade Twenty-THIRD Corps; three regiments THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Corps, and six guard. Etowah bridge - three regiments THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Corps, and three guns. Cartersville - one regiment of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, General McCook's DIVISION (detachments), and five guns. Kingston - two regiments and two guns; one regiment is guarding Gillem's and Wooley's Bridges. Rome - my DIVISION, one regiment of cavalry; I have one battery only with the DIVISION. I ordered General McCook to destroy all bridges over Pumpkin Vine, Raccoon, and, if possible, over the Euharlee. I also wanted to destroy both bridges over the Etowah south of Kingston, but they decline doing till get orders from you or General Smith. General Smith will be here today. McCook patrols this side of the Etowah, and pickets between Allatoona and Stilesborough as far our as practicable. We learn nothing of any moving this way. I would suggest the propriety of sending a force to Allatoona to guard those 8,000 cattle down near the army. I understand your ordered them to Allatoona. They cannot be protected at A[llatoona] if that place is again attacked as it was on the 5th. You probably forget that the Army, of the Tennessee has 1,400 sick men at Rome, and it cannot be burned and abandoned very easily. As they have ample accommodation for more, I was induced to send my wounded there, which will increase the number of helpless to about 1,700 or 1,800. While I would protect them as long as possible, I could not afford to sacrifice my command or your communications for their sake, and in the extreme event would have supplies and surgeons sufficient to care for them and abandon the place. You must not think that the responsibility of their care will deter me from moving to more important points even without your orders. I should, however, respectfully ask you to let me know by bearer your views as regards their protection and duties toward them. I will ready to strike wherever you want me at the instant, and will, I assure you, not hesitate to smash any column I find trying to cross the Etowah. I have more or less pain in my head, but with intermittent rests manage to get along very well.

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier - General.

OCTOBER 8, 1864.

General CORSE:

We all feet grateful to God for your brilliant victory, and are proud of our old comrade and his noble DIVISION. You have the congratulations and sympathy of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

RANSOM,

Brigadier - General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 8, 1864.

Captain LONGSTRETH,

Commanding Pioneer Corps, Fourth Div., Fifteenth Army Corps:

Put every available man at work on the boats immediately, as a bridge must be in readiness to be thrown across the Etowah early tomorrow without fail.

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant - General.

