
between Atlanta and Allatoona. He has plenty of provisions in Atlanta and, so far as the main army is concerned, feels secure, but urges the forwarding of forage. I have anticipated his wants and ordered large shipments of forage as far to the front as possible. I will have by to-morrow nearly 2,000 workmen on the road who will push it forward to completion as rapidly as possible. General Rousseau reports that Forrest has escaped him by crossing the Tennessee River in flat-boats above and below Florence on the 6th instant, while, he, Rousseau, was detained by high water in Shoal Creek and Elk River. I have ordered him, however, to ascertain positively whether or not the entire force of the enemy has crossed, and also to destroy all means of crossing the river between Decatur and Eastport before the returns.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

CARTERSVILLE, October 8, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Sherman desires [that] I send you word that he is all right at Kenesaw, and repairing road north. He earnestly urges the importance of pushing work on road toward him. Hood's efforts are so far a failure. His ration question, he says, is all right; the forage question, he desire to have you know, can be improved with your assistance.

JNO. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General John M. CORSE,

Cartersville:

You will please inform Major-General Sherman that I have already directed that all the available force be put upon the repairs of the railroad road between Chattanooga and Allatoona, and that no time be lost in completing the road and putting it in running order. Anticipating the want of forage, I some days ago directed that as much forage as possible be accumulated at Chattanooga so that it can be shipped forward at the earliest opportunity. Subsistence stores in large quantities have also been pushed to the front as far as Chattanooga. Re-enforcements are arriving regularly, and I will place them at convenient points along the road where they may be drawn upon at any moment, and at the same time be available for the defense of the road. Forrest escaped Rousseau and crossed the Tennessee River, both above and below Florence, on the 6th. But for the heavy rains I think Rousseau would have captured him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 8, 1864.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Supt. Military Railroads, Dept. of the Cumberland,

Chattanooga, or elsewhere on the Road:

The major-general commanding desires you to let him know, at the earliest opportunity, what is the actual condition of the road between

