
Chattanooga and Atlanta. It is of the utmost importance that it be opened in the shortest possible time, and he wishes you to let him know at what time you can have the road in running order.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 8, 1864.

(Received 10. 40 p. m.)

General McCALLUM:

Several of the bridges over the Chickamauga, and also the bridges over the Chattahoochee, the Etowah, and the Oostenaula, have been carried away by the high water. The water is now falling and the work of reconstruction is going on rapidly. The permanent bridges have been let to Boomer, subject to your approval. I leave for the front to-night.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 8, 1864 - 10. 30 p. m.

(Received 1. 15 a. m. 9th.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Forrest did slip out past gun-boats and escape over the Tennessee without serious loss, much to General Thomas' chagrin, who expected better results, as a large portion of our force was mounted, and ought to have crowded that rebel into the river. No news from General Sherman. Will have telegraph open to Atlanta to-morrow. Railroad will be ten days later.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

HUNTSVILLE, October 8, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I forwarded a telegram last night from Colonel Mitchell, who states that Forrest had crossed the river below Florence. Though this comes from very good source, I doubt the information very much. I don't believe the river was fordable at the time Forrest reached it at any point. I think Buford found considerable difficulty in crossing several days preceding him. Harris, our scout here, a very shrewd men, saw some of Forrest's men last night, who stated that Forrest intended to cross at or near Clifton; that he was moving in that direction, with General Croxton in pursuit. I mention this that General Morgan might be advised to be certain that Forrest has crossed before he returns.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, October 8, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Mitchell arrived here this afternoon and informed me that a portion of General Rousseau's force arrived at Florence on the eve of the 6th. Forrest's force crossed the river on flat-boats at different points. I will be in Decatur in an hour and a half.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

