
LEXINGTON, October 8, 1864.

Colonel T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Commanding:

COLONEL: The stage from Nicholasville to Harrodsburg yesterday was attacked by nine guerrillas three miles beyond Shakertow, who robbed the mails and express and passengers, and carried off a soldier. The colonel commanding directs that you at once send about twenty mounted men to that vicinity, in charge of a good officer, and if possible capture the scoundrels who are committing these depredations. Advises these headquarters of your action.

By command of Colonel James Keigwin:

J. W. THOMPSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, October 8, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington:

The following report was just received from my scout, sent with dispatches to Burbridge:

When I got to Little Stone Gap I found that the Federals had just taken Wise Court-House - captured one piece of cannon, burned the court-house and commissary, and encamped; said to be 6,000 strong. General J. S. William was at Clinch River, a short distance off, with a large cavalry command confronting the above-named force. The Federals retreated and the rebels recaptured the place. It was said by Colonel Prentice, of Kentucky, the Federals retreated back into Kentucky. This made it a matter of impossibility to do anything. It was also said that a large column of Federals were marching from Kanawha Valley to lead-mines in Wythe County. I could trace it to no reliable source.

He also reports the following forces: Dibrell's Georgia DIVISION: * Duke's brigade, Kentucky; Giltner's brigade, Kentucky; Breckinridge's DIVISION, Kentucky infantry, making arrangements to invade Kentucky from Abingdon.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT, Cincinnati, Ohio, October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I returned to this city this morning from a visit to Indiana under the instructions of the Secretary of War. While there my attention was directed more especially to the draft, as it had been reported to me that efforts were being made on the part of a few misguided persons to resist its enforcement. From my own observation, in connection with the opinions of some of the best informed and most influential citizens of the State, I am satisfied that no organized resistance will be made in the present condition of the public mind. Individuals have and probably will continue to manufacture an excitement against it, but if I am not very much in error, no serious obstacles will be interposed to its speedy execution. The reports of disloyal organizations in Orange, and Crawford Counties were exaggerations, and I apprehend no further difficulty in that quarter;

---------------

*Dibrell commanded a Tennessee brigade.

---------------

