
which I hope will be pushed forward promptly. I learn the Huntsville road is almost unprotected. If I find all right at Huntsville shall I retain my trains and returns by rail to Stevenson? Shall probably be here long enough for an answer.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Stevenson:

If you find everything all right at Hunstville you will remain there one day, and then return to Stevenson. The THIRD Brigade will be forwarded as soon as it arrives.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, October 1, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The camp has demonstrated in our front all the morning; renewed his demand for surrender in a very defiant manner, signed by Forrest himself. He has at no time displayed a force, by the largest estimate, exceeding 2,000 men. He now appears to be moving in direction of Athens or Pulaski. I don't regard it as prudent to make any effort to follow him with my small force. I regret exceedingly that the road should have been cut so that a few thousand men could not have been here to follow him. I fear that he has been destroying the railroad between this and Decatur. As far as I am concerned this was unavoidable, as I have not to be exceed 1,200 men, including 90 cavalry poorly mounted.

R. S. GRAGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 1, 1864.

(Received Nashville 7 p. m. 2d.)

[Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU:]

On the evening of the 30th of September the enemy appeared in considerable force before our pickets, and obstructed the railroad east of this place. About 5 p. m. General Buford sent by flag of truce a demand to surrender the place. About 1 a. m. of the 1st I received a communication from Forrest himself in answer to one sent by me to General Buford; the tone was defiant and threatening, expressing his ability to take the place. Between 7 and 8 the enemy began to deploy in force on the Athens road, and from that time until 12 m. moved his force, estimated at 2,500, from one point to another about the place. I don't think I saw at any one time more than 1,500. About 2 p. m. the last of his troops were seen leaving on the Athens road. From all the information I have received certainly a large part of Forrest's forces [sic]. Firing was heard there last evening. General Morgan arrived here last night at about 7 with his DIVISION. I recommended that he send at once a force to repair the road to Decatur, which was slightly damaged, and move on to Athens. The general declined my suggestion,

