
some of the northern counties are also reported as determined on resistance, but I think that they are report only. It seems to me that some of the military authorities are more nervous on this subject than the truce state of the public mind will warrant. Thus far I have found no evidence to satisfy me that the peace men in Indiana are exciting resistance to the draft, and until this is the case no serious trouble need be looked for. I have requested General Hovey to employ an intelligent, discreet agent in the counties reported to be disaffected and troublesome, in order to keep him advised of the state of feeling in those localities and of movements, if any, hostile to us. I have also authorized him to mount 100 of his men to aid in this object, provided it can be done without incurring additional draft upon the Treasury in the way of horses, arms, and appointments. This small mounted force may be of great service to him. Until I can establish a proper sense of responsibility on the part of those who are furnishing the Department with all sorts of information, you may look for sensational reports. The tendency, I find, is to exaggerate, and it will require some time to correct it. I hear that there are 20,000 stand of small-arms on board a schooner near the mouth of the Saint Corix River, intended for the copperheads in the north of Indiana, and although I do not believe a word of it, the reports come in such a shape that I have to take notice of them. I may be deceived by these reports in the beginning of my administration of the department, but will not be so long. I have just received telegraphic information of the escape of H. H. Dodd, and that he had been permitted to go at large on his paroled of honor after the development made by the commission before which he has been on trial. The officer granting it deserve severe censure for not knowing that Dodd was destitute of all honor. I have sent to find out by what authority he was paroled, and why the facts was not communicated to me.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETERS,

White's Station:

From information just received, I learn that last night a body of rebels, numbering about 5,000 men and six pieces of artillery, passed through Hernando and camped about three miles east of that place and were supposed to be proceeding in the direction of White's Station. You had best have your horses saddled before daylight and be ready for any emergency. The above was procured from Lieutenant Sperbeck, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who has just returned with patrols.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETTERS,

White's Station:

There is a report that General Chalmers, has crossed the Cold Water with a force of 3,000 or 4,000 men to attack this place or White's Station, and agreeable to instructions from the general commanding you are hereby directed to move all the camp and garrison equipage of

