
General Hatch's command (expect what is needed for the use of effective men) to Memphis this evening, on train sent out for the purpose. Send in all sick and convalescent officers and men. Hold your effective force well in hand. Keep patrols well out and again all the information you can of the movements of the enemy.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 8, 1864.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

From information just brought in by Lieutenant Sperbeck, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, I learn that last night a body of rebels, numbering about 5,000 men and six pieces of artillery, passed through Hernando and camped about three miles east of that place, and were supposed to be proceeding in the direction of White's Station. I am awaiting the return of scouts sent out on other roads, and will inform you should I learn anything important.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, Camp Howard, October 8, 1864.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Dist. of WEST Tennessee:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain F. Hanson, Fourth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, who went out on a scout this afternoon, has just returned, and reports as follows: He went out on the Hernando road about eight miles, when he struck across toward the Horn Lake road, and from there toward the MISSISSIPPI River, when he drove in a rebel picket, wounding 1 and capturing him, from whom he learned that he (the rebel) belonged to an independent MISSISSIPPI battalion, encamped five miles below, and some distance farther two other regiments. This man is now at the camp of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, too sick to be removed any farther. Captain F. Hanson also brought in three citizens, suspicious characters, who will be sent into town to- morrow. After making the above arrests Captain F. Hanson returned to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT PICKERING, October 8, 1864.

Major MORGAN:

Lieutenant Sperbeck, in charge of the scouting party, reports that Chalmers, with about 3,000 men, moved to White's Station and left 2,000 near Hernando, who will no doubt move up. A white lady and a colored driver are now at our pickets on the Hernando road. They can give you fill information if you will send for them. Chalmers says he will be in Memphis Sunday morning.

I. G. KAPPENR.

11 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

