HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Allatoona, Ga., October 9, 1864 - 7. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 a. m. 10th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,City Point, Va.:

It will be a physician impossibility to protect the roads, now that Hood, Forrest, and Wheeler, and the whole batch of devils, are returned loose without home or habitation. I think Hood's movements indicate a diversion to the Selma and Talladega Railroad at Blue Mountain, about sixty miles southwest of Rome, from which he will threaten Kingston, Bridgeport, and Decatur, Ala. I propose we break up the railroad from Chattanooga, and strike out with wagons for Milledgeville, Millen, and Savannah. Until we can repopulate Georgia, it is useless to occupy it, but the utter destruction of its roads, houses, and people will cripple their military resources. By attempting to hold the roads we will lose 1,000 men monthly, and will gain no result. I can make the march, and make Georgia howl. We have over 8,000 catle and 3,000,000 of bread, but no corn; but we can forage in the interior of the State.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Allatoona, Ga., October 9, 1864 - 8 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

Hood crossed the Chattahoochee, and before I was convinced of his design he had got across the Powder Springs. I immediately resolved to leave the Twentieth Corps (Slocum's) at Atlanta, and push for Marietta. I reached the Kenesaw Mountain October 5, just in time to witness, at a distance, the attack on Allatoona. I had anticipated this attack, and had ordered from Rome General Corse, with re- enforcements, and the attack was met and handsomely repulsed, the enemy losing some 200 dead, and more than 1,000 wounded and prisoners. Our loss about 700 in the aggregate. The enemy captured the small garrisons at Big Shanty and Acworth, and burned about seven miles of our railroad; but we have, at Allatoona and Atlanta, an abundance of provisions. Hood, observing our approach, has moved rapidly back to Dallas and Van Wert, and I am watching him, in case he tries to reach Kingston or Rome. Atlanta is perfectly secure to us, and this army is better off out here than in camp.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Allatoona, Ga., No. 88. October 9, 1864.

I. Captain C. A. Cilley, assistant adjutant-general volunteers, is hereby transferred from the Department of the Cumberland to the Department of the Ohio, and will report to Major General J. M. Schofield, commanding.

