
over the Etowah, and have sent a cavalry force to reconnoiter toward Cedartown. I have my flanks and front well patrolled, and can give you more information to-morrow.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Allatoona, October 9, 1864.

General CORSE,Rome:

I am now, here and have troops so disposed that I can move them rapidly to Rome or Kingston if needed, but I do not wish to move them farther to the rear. We have plenty of forage and provisions, and can repair the road long before our necessities call for more supplies. Keep scouts and spies well out about Cedartown and Centre, and give me notice of Hood's movements. If he goes to Blue Mountain let him go.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Raum.)

ROME, October 9, 1864 - 7. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch received. The only indication of an enemy since my arrival here being the appearance of a cavalry force at Reynold's Ford, near Kingston, I am ready to fly there in case they should attempt a crossing. I promise to keep you advised of anything transpiring WEST of Kingston; I can hardly say so much of the country around Canton.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

ROME, GA., October 9, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

Two men, one a deserter and the other a State prisoner, came inn to-day from WEST Point in different directions. I gather the following from them: No troops at Cedartown other than scouts. No force in any direction, except stragglers from Hood's army escaping to their homes. A portion of Hood's forces passed through Villa Rica to Blue Mountain on Thursday. A wagon train passed seven miles south of Cedartown toward Blue Mountain, guarded by the Fortieth Georgia Infantry. All seem discouraged and dissatisfied, and little or nothing to eat. Could hear nothing of Wheeler or his command. It is reported, to allay dissatisfaction against Hood, Davis has placed Beauregard in command. Some of the soldiers, thought Rome would be attacked, others not. They generally report Davis has ordered your communication to be broken and be kept broken, but they think it no use. Will have some spies in to-night and will send you further word. They reported large force at Snake Creek. I can find nothing about it.

J. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

