
and will not probably leave here until he receives orders from General Thomas. He is still of the opinion that Forrest is in the neighborhood of Tulllahoma, and that General Buford's column is only a feint to draw forces this way.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Forwarded to Major-General Thomas 7 p. m. 2d. Received 7. 25 p. m.)

CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1864-7. 30 a. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Tallahoma:

General Granger reports Forrest in front of Hountsville and demands its surrender. I have therefore been compelled to send General Morgan to Huntsville. Feel down the road toward Decherd, and push the enemy from the road. Report to me the condition of affairs as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-9 a. m.

General THOMAS:

Have sent General Milroy, with Culvert's brigade, to Decherd, with instructions to send out cavalry scouts from cavalry company there, and report promptly anything of interest. Main cavalry force ordered to Winchester with instructions to push out scouting parties on all roads WEST of (Winchester) railroad. Form the information I do not believe the enemy is in this vicinity or that of Decherd.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

General THOMAS;

General Milroy reports his arrival at Decherd, and also the arrival of our cavalry at Winchester. Nothing is heard of the enemy in that vicinity.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-1. 45 p. m.

General THOMAS:

The following dispatches just received:

Colonel Sipes telegraphs from Columbia that a heavy force of cavalry, estimated at 5,000 strong, moving on that place through Mount Pleasant; also a large force of infantry moving in direction of Pulaski; that a negro reports 300 of Forrest's men fed last night east of Columbia, north of Duck River, and that a large force was in the neighborhood. The telegraph operator at Carter's Creek reports 500 rebels at Spring Hill.

Six companies of FIFTY-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry, 315 strong, have just reported. I have just directed that his horses be

2 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

