
countermanding order and my present position? It is important that my command should return to Atlanta as soon as possible for the following reasons: First, my men are badly clothed, many of them barefooted, and the balance soon will be; second my supplies will barely last me to Athens; THIRD, my command has not been paid foe over nine months; pay-rolls are ready and paymasters are expected at Atlanta upon the reopening of railroad communication with Nashville; fourth, I desire to avail myself of the present fine weather to recross Elk River and the many streams this side. Believing that my command can be of no further assistance to you, I respectfully request an order for their return. Please excuse my not reporting yesterday; matters requiring my personal attention prevented my doing so. The courier will await your answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, October 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Private S. S. Henry, THIRD Tennessee Cavalry, arrived here last night, having escaped from the enemy at Cherokee Station. He reports the cars running to that point from Corinth. Our prisoners were sent from Cherokee Station in the cars to Meridian, Miss. When two miles south of Tuscumbia, on Thursday night, he heard firing in direction of Florence. A negro reported to him that the enemy were on an island and our forces were shelling them. He heard firing again on Friday and Friday night, in what he supposed to be the direction of Lamb's Ferry. Private Henry is a brave, reliable man. The same statement is made by Sergt. Lawrence Falkner, who escaped at the same time, and is now in my office. Colonel Thornburgh regards the statements of these men as perfectly reliable. The enemy have their telegraph line working to Tuscumbia.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, October 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The effective force of my command is as follows: Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, on railroad from Woodville to Stevenson, 587 men; Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry, on railroad from Boonsborough to Paint Rock bridge, 250; at Whitesburg, 20; at Claysville Landing,27; Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, at this place, 789; Battery D, First Missouri Light Artillery, 52; detachment of Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, here and at Brownsborough, about 130; total,1,865 enlisted men. Of these only about 250 are mounted.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin, Commanding M. &amp; C. R. R. Defenses.

PULASKI, October 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding:

Report from Athens just received. Effective force there consists of Seventy-THIRD Indiana Infantry, 8 officers, 247 men; One hundred and

