
twenty-fifth Illinois, 12 officers and 237 men (this regiment belongs to General Morgan's DIVISION); Tenth Indiana Cavalry, dismounted, 1 officer, 97 men; Battery A, First Tennessee, first section, 2 officers, 31 men. Athens being in my district I forward the report, although the troops now stationed there have not reported to me as yet. No news from General Rousseau to-day. All quiet here.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, October 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

As directed by General Granger, I report: Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, 111 men mounted, 147 dismounted, at Columbia; 308 in block-houses; 8 officers. Fourth Michigan Cavalry, 37 mounted, 90 dismounted, at Columbia; 126 in block-houses; 4 officers. First Ohio Cavalry, 10 mounted, at Franklin; 30 in block-houses. THIRD Ohio Cavalry, 64 mounted, at Franklin; 15 in block-houses. Fourth Ohio Cavalry, 26 mounted, at Franklin; 25 in block-houses; 4 officers with brigade detachment. Seventeenth Indiana, 154 men, 2 officers, dismounted, at Columbia. Seventy-second Indian, 118 men, 1 officer, dismounted, at Columbia. Ninety-eight Illinois, 94 men, 1 officer, dismounted, at Columbia. One hundred and twenty-THIRD Illinois, 75 men, 1 officer, dismounted, at Columbia. The four last-named regiments are ordered to the front. Total, 1,430, 20 officers. The command embraces sixty-five miles of railroad.

Respectfully,

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have heard from various sources that there rebel companies are being recruited in Lincoln County. I sent Major Armstrong, of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, over their with forty men, and he returned to Shelbyville last night and reported that he found them about 200 strong near Boonshil, and had not force enough to attack them. I sent him all the cavalry I could scrape up to get here, and ordered him to return and attack the rebels. Will you permit me to send one of the colored regiments over to Fayetteville after dark to clear out that county?

T. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 9, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major General R. H. MILROY,

Tullahoma:

Your dispatch has been received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that you have his consent to your sending of a colored regiment to Fayetteville for a few days, as you propose, to clear out that section.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

