
KNOXVILLE, October 9, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Finding it impracticable to reach Atlanta I came to this place to meet Burbridge and take the command with me, but he has not been heard from in the direction of Abingdon, and I presume his expedition has failed, and scouts from Cumberland bring the report that he has gone back into Kentucky. I am trying to get communication with him. My command in Kentucky will soon be remounted, when I will get together what force I can to aid and protect your railroad. General Meredith reports a force advancing in WEST Tennessee, and asks for re-enforcements. I may have to send more troops into WEST Tennessee. Please inform of your wishes as to myself and the troops within your reach.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., October 9, 1864.

Captain J. A. MURPHY,Commanding Battalion, First Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery:

The detachment of First Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery under your command will embark for Cleveland, Tenn., at 8 a. m. to-morrow. The men on guard from your command will be relieved by a detail from Second Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery to-night. The officer of the guard will not be relieved until to-morrow, and will join his command by first train.

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 9, 1864.

Captain DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington:

What news have you from General Burbridge? A report from Cumberland Gap says he has retreated to Kentucky. I want to get in communication with him as soon as possible. Ascertain where he is if you can.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 9, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville:

From all that I can learn the is no immediate danger from the force in Western Kentucky, and it is not necessary to send General Meredith re-enforcements. [General L.] Thomas is now in Lexington with orders to send 5,000 negro troops from Kentucky to the Potomac, and it will pretty well strip the State. One regiment, en route for Paducah, has been stopped here.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

