HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., OFFICE CHIEF OF CAV., Nashville, Tenn., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, District of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your returns by the bearer of this, for which accept thanks. Brigadier- General Johnson is now in command of an expedition in pursuit of Forrest; there is, consequently, nothing to be returned. There are some grounds to hope that Forrest may receive a serious blow upon this occasion, if he be not entirely destroyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARTERSVILLE, GA., October 10, 1864 - 12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Dispatch about Wilson just received. Hood is now crossing the Coosa, twelve miles below Rome, bound west. If he passes over to the Mobile and Ohio road, had I not better execute the plan of my letter sent by Colonel Porter, and leave General Thomas with the troops now in Tennessee to defend the State? He will have an ample force when the re-enforcements ordered reach Nashville.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CARTERSVILLE, October 10, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Allatoona:

Order the armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee to Kingston with the trains; the former to leave the details to repair the railroad and the latter to bring a long 1,500 head of cattle; to march well into the night and aim to reach Kingston to-morrow. If any column on the march overtakes the rear of another, to take a road so as to pass round. Bring our headquarters to this place. Also, order the cavalry to move on Kingston or Rome.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ALLATOONA, October 10, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Elliott, being in the office, will talk with you until he perfectly understands, and I will send couriers at once to Howard and Stanley. They expect line open to Howard momentarily. To expedite, would it not be well for you to telegraph them?

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

