
CARTERSVILLE, October 10, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON:

No further orders. Come forward to this place, but be sure that Stanley and Howard have their orders. Roads are very good. Wires working to Chattanooga and beyond, but no news.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Allatoona, October 10, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER,Nashville:

I want all the recruits that arrive to be distributed to the three armies in just proportion, say one-half to the Cumberland and one- fourth to each of the Tennessee and Ohio. New regiments may guard roads, but should be kept near Nashville; that is, above the posts of Stevenson and Pulaski, as to be easily united into a good reserve force, in case I leave Tennessee to itself and push for the sea. I have now beef and bread enough, but want to repair roads so as to send my sick and wounded back. Hood is near Cedartown, south of Rome, and the impression is he will rendezvous at Blue Mountain, the end of the Selma and Talladega road. He may strike at Kingston or Rome, or even go up toward Bridgeport or Stevenson, but I rather think he will hang on our flanks as a threat. I will stay about here and Kingston till our road is finished, or until Hood develops his game.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

General Sherman's Staff, Allatoona:

Not much news from the East since Sheridan's great success in the Shenandoah Valley. General Grant has gained some ground at Petersburg and Richmond. A good deal of alarm in the latter city, and the papers say it is essential that Lee be re-enforced. Forrest is supposed by Rousseau to have escaped across the Tennessee with his force, except some stragglers. General Thomas has ordered Rousseau to ascertain positively whether Forrest has crossed, and if so to follow and destroy the railroad. General Washburn, with 3,000 cavalry, is co-operating with General Rousseau; communication difficult in that direction, and news meager. A mail messenger to you has been at Chattanooga some days, with large amount of mail. Will send another to-day, and direct railroad men to help them through.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Cartersville, October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant GLASSFORD, U. S. Navy,

Bridgeport:

Keep all your boats in watching and patrolling the Tennessee. Hood is now crossing the Coosa about twelve miles below Rome, and is heading

