
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, Ga., October 10, 1864.

All the available wagons belonging to this command will be sent out to-morrow on a foraging expedition. The different quartermaster will report their trains this afternoon to Captain Whittelsey, acting chief quartermaster, who is hereby authorized to detail such offices of the quartermaster's department as he may consider necessary to accompany the expedition. The whole expedition will be under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Geary, and will start promptly at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARTERSVILLE, October 10, 1864.

General ELLIOTT:

Hood has made his appearance at Rome. I want to concentrate the army at Kingston. Send orders to the cavalry that will accomplish that end. Garrard can be reached from here, but I hardly know how you will get your orders to Kilpatrick. I think you had better accompany the Army of the Cumberland. Orders were sent to both armies at the rear by Captain Dayton.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CARTERSVILLE, October 10, 1864 - 3 p. m.

General GARRARD:

General Corse, at Rome, reports the enemy has crossed the Coosa below Rome, and is now advancing on it along the WEST bank. He has a bridge across the Etowah at Rome, and has the bridge well covered by a fort. I wish you to push straight for that bridge, and threaten any force south of the Etowah operating against Rome. I will be there to-morrow with all the army. If you see Kilpatrick let him join his force with yours. All the bridges across the Etowah are burned, but in case of necessity you can fall back on Allatoona by road south of the Etowah. I would like to have you at Rome by daylight.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Stilesborough, [October 10, 1864] - 3. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,Commanding Army:

GENERAL: I have just stopped to feed but will move on as soon as I can get my foraging parties in and feed. Will try to be at Rome early to-morrow. I now have men out between Cedartown, Van Wert, and the river, and will probably hear something from them to guide me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

