
shod at once, and that he be ready to move as early as possible. Where shall it go? All quiet on the Northwestern road.

Second dispatch says:

The time of THIRD Kentucky expires on the 7th. Colonel Dunalp wants to be ordered to Louisville on Monday to be mustered out.

The THIRD dispatch says:

Two trains leave here with rations at noon-one for Murfreesborough and one for Tullahoma. The Forty-ninth Kentucky Infantry goes down as guard, and is to strengthen block-houses as the trains return, belonging at Wartrace and ending at Mill Creek, as General Thomas directs this a. m. there scouts from Columia and Pulaski have been unable to find the enemy. General Starkweather says he has water and all rations in the fort.

B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

CRUTCHFIELD HOUSE, Chattanooga, October 1, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU, Tullahoma:

Your dispatch has been received. How do you understand the report that Colonel Spies gives you that the enemy in strong force are working toward Columbia, while your scouts from Columbia and Pulaski are unable to find any trace of the enemy? Please report at once what the real state of affairs is and endeavor to prevent any stampeding of the troops by false reports. I should like your answer at once.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-2. 50 p. m.

General THOMAS:

The following dispatch was just received from General Van Cleve:

I don't believe Dibrell or Williams are in the country. Scouts just in from Liberty, with dispatches from Lieutenant Vanatta, of Blakcburn's command. No further intelligence from Dibrell or Williams; no reliable intelligence from McMinnville; rumors at Woodbury that Williams and Dibrell were at McMinnville at 10 a. m. yesterday, moving in direction of Liberty and Lebanon. From Bradyville and Manchester we learn nothing from scouts sent to Shelbyville and Chapel Hill last night; they have not returned.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-4 p. m.

General THOMAS:

The following dispatch has been received from Major Wortham, at Wartrace:

My scouts, just from Shelbyville, report that Forrest, with the main portion of his command, left Lynchburg yesterday morning and has gone down to Petersburg, in Marshall County, and Roddey, with some forces, toward Huntsville, and Bulford, with four pieces of artillery and 1,500 or 2,000 men, went toward Winchester.

JOHN WORTHAM,

Major Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, Commanding.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

