
to-day. They have various reports, some of which I will report. All headquarters transportation was sent to Blue Mountain. The object of the trip is recruits from Tennessee. They number 10,000 cavalry and 30,000 infantry. They had twenty days' rations when they left the Chattahoochee, &amp;c. I will hold them as long as men can stand and guns will shoot. They have pushed their forces up against my pickets to-night and are quite close. I will look to you for help and keep you advised. Have sent a few men to guide Garrard.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

ROME, GA., October 10, 1864 - 11. 30 a. m.

(Received 11th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

A column of cavalry came toward us on the Alabama road to within one-half mile of our pickets and passed off to their left on the Summerville road. They moved off in that direction. The movement commenced about 8 p. m. ; has continued ever since. Wagons and artillery were distinctly heard from the picket-lines. They may attempt to cross the Oostenaula above here or strike Resaca. I sent a company of Colonel Spencer's regiment down the Cave Spring road to feel for the enemy. They found their pickets about six miles and a half from here; charged them and drove them in one the main body. The officer in charge reports extensive smoke and camp-fires, with very indication of an encampment of a large cavalry force.

JNO. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Rome, Ga., October 10, 1864.

Commanding OFFICER DETACH. SEVENTH ILL. INFTY.,On Cemetery Hill:

If you have not axes already call upon Captain Kingsbury for a sufficient number to supply your command and immediately set your entire force to work, constructing abatis in front of the works now being put up by Captain Longstreth, consulting with his officer in regard thereto. You must work with the utmost dispatch, as it is of the greatest importance that these works are perfected by morning.

By order of John M. Corse, brigadier-general, commanding:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Rome, Ga., October 10, 1864.

OFFICER Commanding CAVALRY PICKETS AND PATROLS:

You will patrol the Cave Spring and center roads thoroughly, as far as possible, sending all important information direct to these headquarters either during day or night. Be vigilant, cautious, and let your reports be reliable.

By order of John M. Corse, brigadier-general, commanding:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

