
the re-enforcements expected, because I do not know how many re- enforcements are coming. I will do my best, however, and, as you direct, will concentrate the infantry forces about Stevenson and Huntsville, leaving a portion of the cavalry to watch the river between Decatur and Eastport. Have you given orders to Washburn, or am I to issue orders to him; and, if under my command, where would you prefer that I should place his troops.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 10, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I have just arrived here, having been detained a long time on the road. From reports received I think the road will be open to-day to Allatoona Creek. The bridge there was destroyed by the rebels. I can learn nothing reliable in regard to the damage dome beyond that point. The reports is that ten miles of track are destroyed. I am sending forward track material to make repairs, and will go myself as soon as all the arrangements are completed. My men are working well and doing all that can be done. Sixty-two head of our work oxen and 6 men were captured at or near Acworth.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1864 - 11 p. m.

(Received 11 a. m. 11th.)

Major Thomas T. ECKERT:

Telegraph not working to Atlanta yet. Hood crossed Coosa below Rome, going toward Gunter's, and it is reported that all rebel force is to concentrate there for operations against our communications. No other news to-day, except that wire and road near Gallatin is bushwhacked by a small party of rebels under one Lynn.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report in reference to the defenses of Nashville, and to the expenditures at this post:

It is proper to remark that this place has been a depot for engineer property used in the Department of the Cumberland. Much labor in the workshops for other points, and in receiving, storing, and forwarding material, &amp;c., has been paid for on the Nashville rolls. All the iron-bound tanks for the block-houses on the different railroads, and the large reservoir tanks for Chattanooga, have been made or are nearly completed in the engineer workshops here. Several block-houses have been prepared in Nashville for near points on the railroads, and labor rolls at other points have been paid here. A canvas pontoon train was gotten up at this point in part by engineer labor. General Morton prepared a small steamer as a gun-boat, cleared much ground on the opposite

