
the engineer agency for these works, the manner of their application is not visible. The contingencies through two years and a half have probably exceeded the amount estimated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. TOWER,

Brigadier General and Insp. of Fortifications, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]

The course marked out by General Tower appears very judicious, so far as an opinion can here be formed. The extend to which the works should be carried on [in] the order named should be submitted from time to time to the consideration of General Sherman. That he may readily understand them, a general plan should be sent to the engineer on his staff, at headquarters.

R. D.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 10, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. BROWN,

Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Whiteside's, Tenn.:

It is reported here that there is a large force of the enemy ten or fifteen miles WEST of Dalton. See the commanding officer of the cavalry and inform me whether he has any information about it. If he has not, have him scout in that direction and ascertain in regard to it.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1864 - 10. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

Send out reliable scouts to watch the movements of the enemy in the direction of Gadsden, on the Coosa River, with directions to report promptly what discoveries they make. Also send scouts in the direction of Cleveland and Moulton, for the same purpose and with the same instructions. The river between Decatur and Bridgeport should be constantly patrolled by the gun-boats.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, October 10, 1864 - 11. 50 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding:

Courier just in from below with the following dispatch:

OCTOBER 9, 1864 - 11 a. m.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I am now within eight miles of Waterloo, a portion of my force in or near the place. The main force of the enemy had crossed before we could reach them. A few regiments were pursued and fought wherever they were overtaken. We have killed and captured some, the remainder are over the river. With the facilities to escape it was impossible to catch the force. The river can be crossed at least FIFTY places between Waterloo and Florence. I have ordered Morgan to return, and will return with the other portions of the command.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

