
My couriers say that General Washburn was in Florence yesterday, and that his command was encamped on Nashville road some ten miles out. No news from my scouting parties sent out toward Fayetteville yet. All scouting the country. All quiet here.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 10, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

(To be forwarded at once via Pulaski.)

I wish you to at once assemble your command at Athens, leaving the cavalry to guard the river between Decatur and Eastport. Report your action to these headquarters as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 10, 1864.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU:

(To be forwarded by General Starkweather via Pulaski.)

I desire you to take your whole force across the river, and, if possible, effectually dispose of Forrest and his command, breaking his railroad communication from Tuscumbia back toward Corinth, about Brownsville or Iuka, especially Bear Creek bridge. This I wish you to do before you return. After you have completed this work General Morgan's DIVISION can return to Athens, there to report, and await further orders. General Steedman's troops can return to Chattanooga, and your own command to this place, leaving General Croxton's cavalry to guard the river until I can replace his force with infantry.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FLORENCE, October 10, 1864 - 12 m.

(Via Pulaski 12 m. 11th.)

General G. H. THOMAS:

Received your dispatch of 6 p. m. of the 8th just before my arrival here. The infantry is encamped near this place and the cavalry near Waterloo. General Washburn arrived here last night, and his mounted force has been sent to the neighborhood of Waterloo. His infantry he sent back to Memphis. Morgan returned to Athens and will report to you. If the proposed expedition is made it will be necessary to have Morgan's command clothed and supplied. General Johnson returns and he will forward such supplies as are wanted for this portion of the command.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

