
CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Tullahoma:

The THIRD Regiment Kentucky Cavalry had better be sent to Columbia to assist Colonel Sipes if that point is threatened.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

General THOMAS:

I have 3,000 calvary here. The Ninth Ohio, FIFTY-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry, and such force as can be mounted within a few hours in Nashville, will amount to 1,300. The Ninth Ohio is believed to be in Nashville to-night, just from Louisville, with 800 extra horses upon which that number of good infantry can be mounted. We can use wagons for 1,000 or 2,000 infantry, making 7,100; which force, with two or three batteries, can whip Forrest's. Could you not give me the Ninth Pennsylvania and a little more cavalry from Chattanooga? I hope to complete this organization to-morrow. In the mean time the cavalry here could march WEST and be ready to form a junction with the force from Nashville. General Johnson is here and has been with me all the time. He agrees with me. He will return and fit up the cavalry at Nashville, join me near Franklin, and have control of the mounted force. General Johnson has telegraphed to the Ninth Ohio, if not in Nashville, to hurry in by rail. When this force is organized Forrest's work will soon be over here, and I hope he will never get beyond the district. Your dispatch of 7. 15 received. Where is the THIRD Cavalry? It has not been with me. What say you to this?

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1864-8. 45 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Tullahoma:

Your proposition is all right, and I hope to be at Tullahoma to see you, and will go to Nashville to do all I can to help you organize the force. The Ninth Pennsylvania Calvary cannot be spared from where it is, and I think the mounted force you can raise will be sufficient, backed by the infantry, to whip Forrest. It was the FIFTY-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry was meant in my last dispatch, instead of THIRD Cavalry, that was to go to Columbia as soon as their horses were shod. Major Polk reported six companies of the regiment, 315 men, in his dispatch.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 1, 1864-9 a. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Thomas telegraphs that he is informed by General Granger that Forrest is in front of Huntsville, the surrender of which he has

