
GALLATIN, October 10, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Courier just in. Harper cutting the road at tunnel. Have sent every available man.

BEN. S. NICKLIN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Captain Nicklin has Thirteenth Indiana Battery, without horses. Seventy-five mounted men of a Tennessee regiment were at Gallatin the other day from Carthage, and had been detained by Captain Nicklin a day or two, but I don't know whether they have gone back to Carthage or not. The other troops on the road belong to the Fortieth U. S. Colored Troops, a raw regiment.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., October 10, 1864.

(Received 1. 55 p. m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

General Burbridge returned to this place last night. The return of his command enables me to take the colored regiment at Louisa instead of the one at Burnside Point, so that no delay will take place in the movement of all the regiments. General Burbridge speaks in the highest terms of the gallantry of the Fifth Colored Cavalry - they doing better service than any other regiment. They charged the rifle-pits and carried them after two repulses by the enemy of our white troops. The principal loss fell on this regiment, being 4 officers and 116 men killed and wounded. Our entire loss was about 350; that of the enemy much greater. The fight at the salt-works continued all day Sunday, the 2nd instant. Breckinridge was there with 4,000; Williams, with 2,500 cavalry. These, with Echols' troops, made about 8,000. Our force was 4,000, and as the attack had to be made on foot but 2,500 could be brought into action. All the out-works were carried, but the main works, being too strong and supplied with artillery, were not attacked, as the ammunition had given out. One set of salt-works was destroyed, but the other could not be reached. I leave to-day for Louisville.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1864 - 1. 15 p. m.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington:

Please inform me of the results of your expedition, and the present condition of your troops and horses. I have not received your report which Captain Dickson says was sent from Catlettsburg. * I want to know as soon as possible what troops can be made available for service in Georgia. +

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See October 8, p. 157.

+For reply to this dispatch, see October 10, Part I, p. 552.

---------------

