
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1864.

General A. C. GILLEM,

Russellville, Tenn.:

Under date of the 8th instant General Burbridge telegraphed me that he failed in his attack on the salt-works, and is returning to Lexington. Forrest is supposed to have escaped across the Tennessee River below Florence. The rebel attack upon General Sherman's communication is about over and has done but little damage.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

SMITHLAND, KY., October 10, 1864.

General MEREDITH,

Commanding District of Western Kentucky:

Colonel Burge, Forty-eighth Kentucky, who has just arrived from Princeton, says Sypert and Huey attacked Hopkinsville this morning. Think it was only a feint on this place to keep the gun-boats out of Cumberland River; results not known; had 800 men or more.

J. W. BUSH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETERS,

White's Station:

Chalmers is reported to have encamped last night on Camp Creek, between Olive Branch and McKay's, probably on the Holly Ford road. If all is quiet in the morning you can come in. Send in for such camp equipage as you may absolutely need, and hold White's Station for the present. Send me a report of your effective force. Colonel Winslow and his command have been ordered back by General Canby, and I think will shortly be here. Let your patrols come toward Memphis as far as Buntyn Station; Colonel Noble patrols to that point from here.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., CAV. CORPS, DIST OF W. TENN.,Camp Howsard, October 10, 1864.

[Captain S. L. WOODWARD:]

Report of patrols brought to these headquarters:

Patrol on Horn Lake road. -Saw nothing and could not hear of any news; reported at 10. 30 a. m.

Patrol on Hernando road. -Went out twelve miles; reports General Chalmers crossed Coldwater yesterday, going south; is reported to have three pieces of artillery.

Patrol on Pigeon Roost road. -Went out ten miles; reports that a force crossed that road yesterday, going south; saw some camp- fires; reported at 11. 10 a. m.

Patrol on Holly Ford road. -Went out eight miles; saw nothing suspicious; reported at 9. 30 a. m.

JOS. KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

