
days' supply for Allatoona to Rome by cars. Doubtless Hood has gone up to the Tennessee, and I will go to Rome and get behind him. He will damage the road, but will be in a hurry to get out. Rush the repairs toward Atlanta. Acknowledge the receipt of this telegram.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 11, 1864.

General SMITH,

Cartersville:

Scouts from Tunnell Hill report that Wheeler encamped at Villanow at 3 o'clock this p. m. ; also report infantry in Mill Creek Gap. Will hold troops in readiness to move to any point on the road that may be threatened.

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, October 11, 1864-10 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Resaca:

In case you are threatened you should concentrate your force at the forts at the bridge. Have abatis made at once on the land side. Keep a strong cavalry picket at Snake Creek Gap. As long as the Oostenaula is high the troops at Adairsville and Calhoun should go to Resaca.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RESACA, October 11, 1864.

General RAUM:

Captain Roper and Coffman have returned. They went up through the gap yesterday evening. Are satisfied that there is no other force up in the gap but the guerrilla Gatewood, with about 150 men. They went twenty miles south of Villanow, toward Rome. Came onto a gang of guerrillas about 9 o'clock last night; drove them, capturing 2 horses.

C. R. WEVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

KINGSTON, October 11, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

General RAUM:

General Sherman has telegraphed as follows:

Keep a strong cavalry picket in Snake Creek Gap as long as the Oostenaula is high; the troops at Adairsville and Calhoun should go to Resaca.

We can mount but thirty-five men, to small a force to put at the gap. Have just ordered Colonel Hall up; we are fortifying all we can. Wagon bridge will be complete to-morrow. Shall I order the troops from block-house near Kingston to this point?

C. R. WEVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

