
demanded. Morgan's DIVISION has been sent to its relief. I have sent a brigade to Decherd and the cavalry to Winchester, to lookout for any demonstration in that direction. General Milroy will command forces at Decherd. Show to Webster and Miller.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, October 1, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK:

I have reliable information of about 100 rebels three miles east of Mount Carmel.

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

NASHVILLE, October 1, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Tullahoma:

The following dispatch just received from Franklin:

As sure as you live Forrest at Sring Hill at 3 this p. m. ; General Lyon is with him; this you can rely on. I have good information Roodey was at Huntsville this a. m. ; said to have 15,000 men and twenty-three pieces of artillery. I cannot get a piece of artillery on Roper's Knob without machinery. Shall I do it? You need have no fears of our being taken. He will not catch me napping, and I have full confidence I can whip any force that may come.

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

I send down to Franklin this evening two 3-inch Parrots and 400 rounds of ammunition. Shall any guns go upon Roper's Knob, or shall all go in the large fort?

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, October 1, 1864.

Colonel J. B. PARK,

Franklin:

It is not possible for the force at Spring Hill to be that of Forrest. Scouts have constantly been out east and WEST from Columbia and Pulaski all the time, and Forrest could be not have come up to Spring Hill unobserved. Forrest was in force before Huntsville this morning and made a formal demand for the surrender of the place. So certain was General Thomas of the truth of this that he was, at least advice, hurrying a DIVISION from Stevenson to Huntsville. The force at Spring Hill may be Biffle's.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, October 1, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have scouting parties of FIFTY men on Elkton, Fayetteville, Cornesville, Lamb's Ferry, and Florence roads, besides secret service scouts out in every direction. I have no news as yet from any of them. Tank

