
the surplus transportation having been left about and near Cave Spring and Cedartown. I think they do not know positively that one or more DIVISIONS of infantry has been left with train and pontoon bridges.

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

ROME, GA., October 11, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

A scout has just arrived who was fourteen miles out on Summerville road. He reports Martin's DIVISION as camping last night about 7 o'clock at Farmer's Bridge, over the Armuchee River. Could hear of no other troops, but the citizens say Hardee crossed the Coosa at Coosaville, and that the movement on this place was merely a feint to cover the other movements. A small party crossed the Oostenaula this morning inquiring for Calhoun. He knows of no force about Snake Creek Gap nor Villanow. Things are mixed. Take these reports for what they are worth and draw your own conclusions. As soon as I get further information will advise you.

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

ROME, October 11, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Captain Bennett, who is guarding the trestle over Dick's Creek, Davis' Mills, six miles from Rome, on the Kingston railroad, sent patrol across the Etowah about 4 p. m. yesterday. They struck the rebel pickets about one mile south of the Etowah on a road leading to Van Wert. They learned from a citizen that there was a considerable force with some artillery at a place called Williams' Mills, three miles south of the Etowah. I will look for Garrard further.

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

CASSVILLE, GA., October 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General REILLY,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION:

SIR: General Cooper moves his DIVISION in advance, being ordered to start at 6 o'clock this morning for Kingston and Rome. His DIVISION train will accompany him, and your DIVISION will follow. Please be in readiness to move in promptly after he moves.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Ohio.

KINGSTON, October 11, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch is just received. * General Corse telegraphs that all is quiet at Rome, and he thinks the enemy gone, but don't know where. I will find out. If he goes back of course I will also. If he goes to Blue Mountain I will remain here a short time. If he sends up toward

---------------

*Of October 10; see p. 191.

---------------

