
NASHVILLE, October 11, 1864-11 p. m.

Brigadier General JAMES D. MORGAN,

Athens:

(To be forwarded from Athens if General Morgan is not there.)

Move at once with your DIVISION to Bridgeport and report your starting for and arrival at that place. It is important that no time be lost.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, October 11, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Two scouts returned last night from vicinity of Courtland and Moulton. They both report heavy firing down the river in the direction of Florence yesterday. Yesterday they could not ascertain that there was any force about Cumberland or Moulton except Patterson's brigade. Pickets of enemy about eight miles out on Courtland road. I send out a reliable scout from Huntsville to Gadsden four days ago, who has not returned. I will send another immediately.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, October 11, 1864.

General THOMAS:

The following telegram is just received from Athens:

An officer just in from General Morgan says that he is returning and will camp to-night seven miles from Athens. Elk River is fordable. Forrest is across the river. The Second DIVISION had some skirmishing, but with Buford's force.

A. B. WADE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-THIRD Indiana, Commanding.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

HALL'S HOUSE,

Eight miles south of Lawrenceburg, October 11, 1864.

(Via Pulaski.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just met a courier with your dispatch ordering General Rousseau across the river. I do not know where General Rousseau is; have not seen him since we left this place on the 6th instant at noon. On the 9th I was near Waterloo. Generals Rousseau, Steedman, and Johnson were above and three miles below Decatur. This lake would keep us back from the river, as we could not hold the strip of land between lake and river, thus securing to the enemy on the opposite side, as I said in a previous telegram. The works are very extensive, by no means formidable, and with the present garrison could be taken with 10,000 men without great loss. We have about 840 infantry, which is a single line would be but one man to two yards of front exclusive of river. Present garrison I can re- enforce with 600 men in five hours; but to make the forts secure against 10,000 men the garrison should be increased to 3,000. Forrest, if he is over the river, could bring that number in twenty-four hours; it is but forty miles and good roads to

