
NASHVILLE, October 11, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Pulaski and Decatur:

Assemble your troops at once, and move with them, as rapidly as possible, for Bridgeport, Ala. It is important that no time be lost. Report your starting for and arrival at that place.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, October 11, 1864.

Major POLK:

A scout sent from this post for the purpose killed Tom williams yesterday, the most noted bushwhacker in this country, and capture 4 horses and equipments. I have sent eighty men to Lawrenceburg to- day. No news from Rousseau.

W. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, October 11, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Flood reports that Lieutenant-Colonel Weaver and ninety colored troops from Pine Bluff were attacked to-day five miles from Donelson by 200 rebels. The rebels were handsomely whipped, with the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel Sorey, and about 25 men killed and wounded. Our loss, 1 lieutenant and 3 men killed and 9 wounded.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel Eighty-THIRD Illinois, Commanding Post.

GALLATIN, October 11, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My cavalry drove them off, followed them till dayLight, but, of course, could not catch them. Wires are being repaired.

BEN. S. NICKLIN,

Captain Thirteenth Indiana Battery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ON TRANSPORT,Johnsonville, October 11, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK:

SIR: In accordance with instructions from Major-General Washburn, received 10 p. m. of the 8th instant, I counter marched my command, which consisted of about 1,200 men effective infantry and one four- gun battery, twenty-three miles southeast of Clifton back to that point, and there embarked for Eastport at 2. 30 p. m. 9th instant on three transports, with two gun-boats as convoy. Reached Eastport at 3 p. m. 10th instant, where we met the enemy in superior force, with batteries in position; was repulsed with a loss of 20 killed, 26 wounded, and 25 missing. Two of the transports were disabled, one of them having been struck thirty times. One of the gun-boats was partially disabled.

