
Lost all the guns of the battery; 6 horses killed; 2 caissons were destroyed by explosion of the enemy's shells. The transports and gun-boats are all here. General Washburn went forward with General Hatch. what shall I do?

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. HOGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, October 11, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

General Burbridge has returned to Kentucky, having failed in his expedition. His troops will require rest for some time before they will be fit to take the field again. Please inform me where my troops in Georgia are. I wish to join them as soon as I can reach them, unless you direct otherwise.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., October 11, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your corps is here. Beauregard now commands Hood's army and is near Rome, WEST of it, and reported making toward the north. If this be so, you will hardly be able to join. You had better try.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 11, 1864.

(Received 6. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Two regiments left yesterday-one from Covington, the others from this place. The THIRD leaves here to-day, to be followed by two others in the next two days. I am enabled to fill up most of these regiments with recruits, which will make upward of 5,000. The four regiments going from this place take steamers to Wheeling and railroad to Baltimore. The regiment from Louisa takes steamer to Parkersburg, and thence onward by railroad. I am not advised what route the regiment from Covington took. The number of colored troops left in Kentucky is 7,000. A full regiment was sent to Rock Island, Ill., 1,000 men to Indiana, and 900 to Guallatin, Tenn., making in all 15,000 recruited in this State.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, October 11, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Send the following to General Hobson. He is marching from Prestonburg toward Mount Sterling:

A squad under Everett captured the Covington train this morning, and announced themselves the advance of a mounted force under Breckinridge. The story is not probable, but I desire General Hobson to

