
send scouting parties back on the road he came, and on all other roads by which a force might move into Kentucky, either by the Pound Gap or Louisa Fork road, to retard the advance of any force they may find, in skirmishing, felling trees, &amp;c., and inform me fully as to the number and direction of the enemy, if any is found. Advise me of any information you may have.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

COVINGTON, KY., October 11, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Lexington:

Dispatch received. All trains are ordered back here. Two colored soldiers were captured by six rebels in uniform, two miles back of Covington, night before last, and marched sixteen miles south, then released after being robbed of their uniform. They got back last night.

P. T. SWAINE,

Colonel, Commanding.

OCTOBER 11, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati, Ohio:

CAPTAIN: I had the honor on the 5th instant to transmit a telegram to you for the information of the major-general commanding, responsive to two telegrams from him of the 4th instant giving information of the supposed contraband shipment of 18,000 stand of arms for unlawful uses in Indiana, requiring me to investigate and report, and to make use of any force and charter any vessel I might think necessary to ascertain the truth of General Hovey's report, and if true to capture and destroy the arms and arrest the parties concerned. At the time I received the telegrams I was, as I have been now for nearly three weeks, quite ill, and for much of the time confined to my bedroom. I never-the less took the most active measures in my power to carry my instructions into effect. As already reported by telegram I caused a search to be made at Sandusky under the direction of Lieutenant- Colonel Palmer, Sixth Veteran Reserve Corps, which demonstrated that nothing of the kind in question had been landed at Sandusky for the preceding edith days. A search was made at the same time under the direction of Captain Carter, of the U. S. steamship Michigan, of all the vessels in the bay. I also sent a vigilant officer to Fremont to see whether the arms in question or any other contraband property had been landed at that place or farther down on the Sandusky River, and so far detected nothing except a large quantity of rifle and cannon or blasting powder in the hands of regular dealers at Sandusky already ordered to be shipped to fill usual orders in Columbiana County and vicinity, where it is required for mining. Colonel Palmer detained this powder on his own discretion without orders. I have permitted it to go forward.

On the morning of the 5th the U. S. steamship Michigan, Captain Carter, under my direction, went on a cruise to Toledo and returned on the 6th. I directed him to see the provost-marshal and the collector of customs there, put them in possession of the facts alleged by Brigadier-General Hovey, and prompt them to active vigilance and a close scrutiny over all vessels, canal-boats, and railway trains at that point. The provost-

