
WASHINGTON, October 12, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 13th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The President feels much solicitude in respect to General Sherman's proposed movement and hopes that it will be maturely considered. The objections stated in your telegram of last night impressed him with much force, and a misstep by General Sherman might be fatal to his army. This much the President directed me to say to you, when I saw him this evening, and although I find on reaching the office that you now think better of the plan, you should know he feels on a point so vital.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Kingston, Ga.:

On reflection, I think better of your proposition. It would be much better to go south than to be forced to come north. You will, no doubt, clean the country where you go of railroad tracks and supplies. I would also move every wagon, horse, mules, and hoof of stock, as well as the negroes. As far as arms can be supplied, either from surplus or by capture, I would put them in the hands of negro men. Give them such organization as you can. They will be of some use.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please send my dispatch of yesterday in relation to what Sheridan should do, to him. * Thomas should be prepared to concentrate a force on Hood, wherever he presents himself on the Tennessee River, and should take the supplies of the country without compensation. I think if Crook goes to Missouri he will drive Price out of the country in time to send A. J. Smith and Mower to Tennessee before Hood can get far, even if Sherman's movements do not turn him, as I think they will. Canby's forces will also be relieved for operations wherever they may be needed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 90. In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 12, 1864.

Orders for to-morrow, October 13, will be as follows:

I. General Corse will dispatch his DIVISION and the brigade of the Fifteenth corps attached to his garrison and the First Alabama Cavalry down the Coosa River on its east bank toward Coosaville to develop the force guarding the bridge by which the enemy crossed. He will send one battery with the expedition and equip the whole party light.

---------------

*See Vol. XLIII.

---------------

