
the other side of the river, go into a house, and soon ride away again. About 11 o'clock three rebel cavalry came down on this side and went to the house where I had been. On coming out they followed my horse's tracks to the woods and commenced searching for me. I mounted and went through the woods two miles, then gained the road and started for Atlanta. While crossing from the Decatur to the Cross Keys road five rebel cavalrymen came out of the woods and told me to halt. I put spurs to my horse and they pursued me, firing. After about four miles I distanced them and got back without further interruption. I was told on my way out by a Mr. buff, living half a mile from the river on the Decatur and Roosseville road, that some Texas cavalry had come in within a few days. He did not know how many, what regiment, or whence they came. Said that they were all through the woods and recommended caution. He also said that another militia company was being organized about Rossville; had about thirty-five names; were arming and mounting themselves; were picking up our abandoned horses and mules.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

October 12, 1864.

George Green and George King, escaped sales, say:

We left Allatoona, Ga., on the 2nd instant; came through Monroe to Covington, on the Atlanta. Came through Decatur at daylight this morning. No rebels to be seen. At Athens are Lieutenant-Colonel Young's battalion Georgia Volunteers (Colonel Magill, of General Runnel's [?] command), about 500 strong; Major Cook's militia, composed of men who work in his armory, about 300 strong; Captain Lumpkin's company, about 100 strong, are camped there; doctor Moore's company of militia (residents), 25 or 30 strong; also about 100 men of an Alabama regiment, who are not part of the permanent garrison, but doing duty there just now. The town is well fortified, and there are ten pieces of artillery in the different commands. Pickets are out several miles on the east and from twenty to twenty-five miles on the west. Many of the inhabitants have left. At the armory are made perhaps 100 guns a week. There are about FIFTY of Young's command about Covington gathering up cattle and horses. They expect the Yankees, and are trying to clear the country of whatever they want before you come. There is nothing at Union Point, or anywhere this side, but scouting parties. Cars run to Union Point, then up to Athens. Between Union Point and Madison much of the railroad is destroyed; rails burnt and twisted. At Augusta I hear there are 3,000 or 4,000 militia, but no volunteers. At Macon are General Cobb's headquarters. I have heard that there are three or four regiments of militia, but no volunteers. At Macon are General Cobb's headquarters. I have heard that there are three or four regiments of militia there, and three regiments militia at Milledgeville. Don't know it. There are no troops between the Augusta railroad and the Chattahoochee River, except those at Athens. They send scouting parties all over the country named. They have been talking for a month of sending a party to cut the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad, but have not yet done so. Have heard nothing of any re-enforcements being expected from the east.

