
the enemy would be likely to proceed toward the railroad. It is reported that he has already cut the railroad near Adairsville. Place a competent and thorough officer in charge of patrols, and report any movement of the enemy or any important information received at these headquarters without delay.

By order of John M. Corse, brigadier-general, commanding:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Skinner's House, October 12, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: General Ransom directs me to say that the roads from here to Kingston are filled with the trains of the Fifteenth Army Corps. One DIVISION has succeeded in passing these trains, and is now going into camp on Dick's Creek. The other DIVISIONS are still in the vicinity of Kingston. Captain Cadle has been sent back to order Lieutenant-Colonel Joel to send forward his best trains, loaded with three days' rations, for this command, and use every possible exertion to get them through to-night; but the general thinks that unless extraordinary exertions are made to clear the roads it will be impossible for him to bring either troops or supplies through to-night. Most of the teams in front of our troops are those that are so broken down that they have been dropped out of use from time to time. He will do everything that human effort can accomplish to have his troops in condition to move at the designated hour. There is some delay at Dick's Creek which might be remedied by some active officer with proper authority. General R[ansom] will make his headquarters at the house to-night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Rome, Ga., October 12, 1864.

General COX:

You will at daylight to-morrow move your command, without wagons and only one battery of guns, with haversacks, across the Oostenaula by the bridge and down the WEST bank of the Coosa to Coosaville, to destroy (if there) the bridge by which the enemy passed north; also to engage any force you may encounter. Five miles out you will find a DIVISION of cavalry under General Garrard, who has orders to do the same, and will be ordered to report to you. He reports only cavalry, two brigades, to his front. A quick, bold movement may save as much trouble in the future, and I trust to your intelligence and zeal.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

