
In pursuance of your order, per telegram October 10, Fourteenth Colored Regiment was ordered to Fayetteville and is there now. the SIXTEENTH will be ready to move when relieved.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOAS WATERS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

TULLAHOMAS, October 12, 1864-6. 45 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Ten of the home guards captured at Shelbyville by Blackwell were taken out and near Fayetteville shot in cold blood. This was unprovoked and should be followed by a terrible retribution. Blackwell's wife lives in Shelbyville. I would recommend that she with the secesh women of that place e sent though the lines, and his house burned, and that I be given an adequate cavalry force and about ten days' time among the guerrillas of Lincoln County.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 12, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

The following telegram has just been received by this Department, and you will please give it immediate attention:

ALBANY, N. Y., October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I am just informed that an effort is to be made to-day to capture the steamer Michigan and release the prisoners on Johnson's Island by a party that is to rendezvous at Point Pelee, said to be 2,000 strong. I have sent the person bringing me the information directly to Major-General Dix, and also telegraphed him.

F. TOWNSEND,

Actin Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SANDUSKY, October 12 [13?], 1864-1. 35 a. m.

(Received 8. 30 a. m.)

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

Your telegram advising of schemes to capture the Michigan and this island is received. I have the same thing from the same source from Secretary of War and Governor of Ohio. Commander of the Michigan I already notified, and the armed tug Burnside is now in the harbor. I don't believe the story, but if true there shall be no surprise by day or night, and I think no success by any rebels.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

TWELVE MILES BELOW WATERLOO, ALA.,

October 12, 1864. (Via Pulaski 13th.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

On the 10th instant gun-boats and transports with troops landed at Eastport; they were attacked and driven back. My column reached

