
the point opposite about two hours after the boats fell back. We have been able to obtain no news as to the fight; have reconnoitered as far as Savannah, and find the boats have gone and left us. I will be at Clifton to-morrow. We are all out of supplies; please order them up at once; also horseshoes and nails. Forrest is in force at Eastport, I think, or has gone to Memphis. Please notify the authorities at Memphis.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 13, 1864-3. 30 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On mature reflection, I believe Shermans' proposition is the best that can be adopted. With the long line of railroad in rear of Atlanta Sherman cannot maintain his position. If he cuts loose, destroying the road from Chattanooga forward, he leaves a wide and destitute country to pass over before reaching territory now held by us. Thomas could retain force enough to meet Hood by giving up the road from Nashville to Decatur and thence to Stevenson and leave sherman still force enough to meet Hood's army if it took the other and most likely course. Such an army as Sherman has (and with such a commander) is hard to corner or capture.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy sent from Washington to General Thomas October 14.)

CITY POINT, VA., October 13, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Vessels should be got ready loaded with grain, ordnance stores, and provisions-say 200,000 rations of grain and 500,000 rations of provisions, and 100 rounds of ammunition for 30,000 men, with proper proportion of artillery ammunition for that number of infantry. The Ordnance Department will have to select the kinds of ammunition based upon what they know of the armament of Sherman's army. Soon after it is know that Sherman has struck south these vessels should sail and rendezvous at Ossabaw Sound. I take it his first supplies will have to be received by way of that river. General Canby ought to move the force he has in Mobile Bay, with the exception of enough to hold the forts, and any other force he can add to it, to Brunswick and try to strike the Albany and Gulf Railroad, say at Initial Point. Information should be got to Sherman of all preparations made to receive him on the sea-board. If Foster can send men to Brunswick it will be as well to send him as to send Canby, and probably his preparations can e earlier made. The forage rations here indicated might be reduced one-half if there is any difficulty about securing transportation, but the other supplies should rather be increased than diminished. There probably will be no difficulty about securing

