
Commanders of districts will uniformity hold their troops in readiness for service (as regards instruction, arms, ammunition, and clothing), either in or out of the department, at an hour's notice.

The utmost diligence and vigor are enjoined on the part of officers upon whom the drafting now in progress has devolved, and also upon the officers engaged in forwarding the men to the field. The immediate re-enforcement of our armies is a necessity to a full realization of the hopes and expectations of the nation. Officers instructed with the safe-keeping of the prisoners in the department will exercise unceasing vigilance in the performance of their duties. Those having the depots of public property in charge will look well to their protection.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

EAST POINT, GA., October 1, 1864.

(Received 5th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

I was not aware that your cavalry had gone until Colonel Howard's arrival. The order regarding Eastport was from General Sherman. Comply with it as soon as you have force enough. Get your cavalry and infantry back as soon as you can consistently.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 1, 1864.

Major HOLAHAN,

White's Station:

It is reported that Wirt Adams has joined Chalmers for the purpose of attacking White's Station. You will keep your patrols of observation well out and any information by telegraph promptly, both to these headquarters and to General Washburn's. Hold General Hatch's camp equipage in readiness to move in case your information may prompt it. I was support you from here.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Camp Howard, October 1, 1864.

Colonel J. W. NOBLE,

Commanding Second Div., Cavalry Corps, Dist. of WEST Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that I have just been informed of a small force of rebels on the Hernando road, near the vedette post; also a force of from 75 to 100 crossing the Charleston and Memphis Railroad about 3 p. m. to-day, only half a mile from the vedette post. I have just one officer with FIFTY men on the Hernando road, and two officers with seventy-five men on the Charleston and Memphis Railroad.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. HESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

