HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,McGuire's Store, October 13, 1864.

General DAVIS,

Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you come to this point with the head of your column and bivouac along the sides of the road anywhere. Issue rations to-night and move forward at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Near Rome, Ga., October 13, 1864.

The troops and trains of this corps will one this afternoon in the following order:

General Baird will move his DIVISION immediately in the rear of the Fourth Corps (which has orders to move once) toward Resaca, via the Hermitage and McGuire's. He will be followed by his ammunition, ambulance, and headquarters trains.

General Carlin will move his DIVISION in the rear of General Baird, followed by the same trains.

The general supply train of the corps will move in rear of the column, giving precedence to the traitors of the Fourth Corps.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ATLANTA, October 13, 1864-4. 15 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I am convinced Hood has taken all his troops from our front except a small cavalry force left near Sandtown. I have sent 400 wagons for forage to South River; expect them in this evening. They are well guarded. If they come in sanely I shall send again at once. Our new line is well advanced and very strong. The cattle are here.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

KINGSTON, October 13, 1864-3 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I started to Calhoun yesterday afternoon to see Colonel Watkins' brigade and found the road broken above Adairsville four miles. I sent a courier back for General Raum, who came up with a regiment. We heard firing in the direction of Calhoun and Resaca at Adairsville. After repairing the road we went on to Calhoun, and found that a regiment of the enemy's infantry had passed through there an hour before. I think it is all of their force in that vicinity on this side of the river. We met a courier with copy of Hood's summons to surrender, which I inclose. * At 10 o'clock musketry was still heard at Resaca. I left

---------------

*See Hood to commanding officer, Resaca, Ga., October 12, Part I, p. 753.

---------------

