
second, Second DIVISION, Brigadier General W. B. Hazen commanding; THIRD, Artillery Brigade; ammunition, ambulance, and headquarters trains will follow their respective DIVISIONS. Brigadier-General Hazen will detail one regiment to escort artillery and act as rear guard.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FREDK. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 13, 1864.

General John E. SMITH,

Cartersville:

General Howard left at Kingston only two regiments instead of a brigade, but they are strong regiments. I suppose it is ow too late to re-enforce Resaca, but I want that force up the railroad as far as possible to watch the movements of Hood's army. I think he will go on, it may be into Tennessee and Kentucky, picking up the small garrisons and avoiding the larger just as I wanted to do south. I will keep my army pretty well in hand so as to fight him if I get to him. I am now moving over toward Summerville with the Army of the Ohio, and have the Cumberland and Tennessee ready to turn up toward Resaca.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy of General McCook and General Ransom, at Kingston.)

CARTERSVILLE, October 13, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Have all my force at work strengthening the defenses. Will countermand the order sending supplies to Rome, and protect them.

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

RESACA, October 13, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The enemy in heavy force are now around this place, their resting on the river WEST and their left on the river east. I have made such disposition as I feel sure will result in the defeat of the enemy. Instead of a brigade having been left by the Seventeenth Army Corps to re-enforce this place, one regiment, the Tenth Illinois, is with me. I trust that re-enforcements will be hurried here as soon as possible. I think by placing a battery on the left bank of the river opposite the right of the enemy that his position will be enfiladed. A pontoon bridge is now over the stream. I have sent the cavalry horses, train, and cars under the protection of 200 cavalry.

G. B. RAUM,

Brigadier-General.

