HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 13, 1864.

General CORSE, In the Field:

I have heard from Resaca. General Raum holds the place, but needs help. We will march at once. I want you to return to Rome and occupy the place with your DIVISION, sending the brigade of the Fifteenth Corps toward its army. I will await your coming here. When General Kilpatrick gets in send him also to overtake us. If Hood retreats south by Will's Valley I will come down this away. General Cox has captured two guns and by this time must be at the bridge.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vann's Valley, Ga., October 13, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

[Major General W. T. SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: Our progress is exceedingly slow. We have nothing but Armstrong's brigade in our front, which has managed through the valley to delay us considerably. It is twelve miles from here to Quinn's Ferry, where the enemy crossed, one mile south of Coosaville. At my present progress I can't get there before to- morrow night. It seems impossible to push the cavalry and infantry any more rapidly. The enemy has some artillery, which I have tried to capture, but they have preserved it in every assault we have made. I will hold this point with my reserves and keep the cavalry and infantry working ahead till dark in hopes of getting Armstrong in a bad position and then smash him. The citizens all report no infantry this side of the Coosa. My cavalry is about two mils from here now, and I hope to push them through if I can't get up the infantry. Please let me know by bearer whether I shall return here to-night or not, or push on in the morning for the ferry. Our wounded are accumulating on our hands.

Respectfully,

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I received your dispatch referring to Resaca and returning to within striking distance of Rome to-night, which gives me some anxiety about pushing ahead till dark. I'll go till dark anyhow, by which time this man will be back, and then should you wish it I can fall back after dark.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Skinner's, October 13, 1864-2 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Captain Cadle has just returned from the supply train, which he found three miles and a half the other side of Kingston. It was in park, but started at once on receiving the order, and will probably reach here between 6 and 7 o'clock this a. m. A foraging party report the rebels were at Cassville to-day 200 strong. I do not consider the number reliable; there were certainly some there, however.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

