HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. and Army of the Tenn.:

COLONEL: I hand you herewith a rough map* of the country in this vicinity that I have made, in the absence of my engineer, from the information I obtained from negroes and citizens living in the neighborhood. I believe that it is substantially correct. In pursuance of instructions received from general commanding through Colonel Howard, aide-de-camp, I have sent the Seventy-eighth Ohio by the Pope's Ferry road to Rush's place, on the Calhoun road, and Captain Tribble, with two companies of cavalry, to go to Pope's Ferry, and also to reconnoiter six to ten miles up the Calhoun road from Rush's. From this road to the Calhoun road the only road practicable for a column will be by the Pope's Ferry road; the others are neighborhood roads and out of repair. I have directed the road to

-----

to be placed in good repair. I have sent a pioneer corps to repair the bridge on this road across Thomas' Creek. Captain Kossak, engineer, accompanied the cavalry force and will report this evening all practicable routes to Adairsville and other points on railroad. From here to Adairsville it is twelve miles, and twenty-two to Calhoun. The route mentioned by General Howard up Dick's Creek is reported in bad order. I have directed a small force, under Captain Tripp, to go up that road to its intersection with the Calhoun road. We are getting plenty of forage in the country. The command is supplied with rations and the supply train here in camp. We are ready for the march. The men are in comfortable camp enjoying the rest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Rome, Ga., October 13, 1864.

General J. D. COX,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Hood has made his appearance at Resaca, demanding its surrender. Proceed with speed to your destination, and work smart. Try and get back by night within reach of Rome, and report progress, as I may be forced to turn toward Resaca.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,October 13, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch received. Garrard fills the road ahead of me and is pushing on. My infantry is close on his heels. He finds some cavalry in his front, but no serious resistance as yet. He has not reached the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

