
arly are more than two miles beyond Coosaville, and are not up to where the bridge was. The prisoners report it has been taken north with the column, and all accounts seem to agree in this. I cannot now get as far as the advance of the cavalry is and get back to Rome tonight. Garrard is ordered to spare no effort to reach the bridge or the place where it was. If you still it best to push the infantry more than fifteen miles from Rome please signal and I will go right on.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Ohio.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Rome, Ga., October 13, 1864.

General COX:

I have word from Resaca. General Raum holds the place, but needs help. We must start at once. I suppose by the time you get this you will know if that bridge is gone. If so, come at once, and follow Stanley, who marches by the Calhoun road.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 13, 1864-1. 45 p. m.

General SHERMAN:

We have found the place where the bridge was. The information is positive that Hood took it north with him. A brigade of cavalry went two miles beyond. I am returning with the infantry.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Ohio.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 130. Rome, Ga., October 13, 1864.

I. This army will move promptly at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning for Calhoun and Resaca. The THIRD DIVISION will take the advance. DIVISION commanders will use great care in preserving a steady and compact movement, as the march will be one of more than ordinary length.

II. Captain C. A. Cilley, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 88, current series, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, is hereby assigned to temporary duty at these headquarters, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 13, 1864-12 m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS, Nashville, Tenn.:

Two old regiments from General Pope and several new regiments from Ohio and Indiana are on their way to Nashville. Generals Schofield and

