
Burbridge are ordered to send you everything that can be spared from Kentucky. Put yourself in communication with them. General Grant directs that you collect your forces and be prepared to meet Hood wherever he may present himself on the Tennessee, and that you take the supplies of the country without compunction. By thus supplying your own army you will leave none for him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, October 13, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m. 14th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of this day noon has been received. The instructions contained therein are already complied with. I submit the following copy of a dispatch received from the front this evening for your information:

RINGGOLD, GA., October 13, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Fuller, chief of scouts, at Dalton, has just come in, having escaped from Dalton. He reports he captured a prisoner, who states that three were at Dalton with thirty pieces of artillery, and that Wheeler was coming round through Spring Place with 5,000 cavalry. The demand for the surrender of Dalton was signed by Hood.

H. G. DAVIDSON,

Major Tenth Kentucky.

The above being corroborated by later reports I have ordered all trains and troops at Cleveland, Ringgold, and intermediate places back to Chattanooga, at the same time requesting Schofield, who was at Cleveland, to return to Chattanooga and assume command and direct the arrangements for a stern defense of that post. Troops are going forward to Chattanooga as rapidly as railroad transportation can carry them, and every demonstration on the part of Hood will be resisted to the fullest extent of my means. I feel almost certain that General Sherman, with the army, is following closely on Hood's rear, as it was from him that I received the first intimation of this movement of the rebel army.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to Lieutenant-General Grant.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 13, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 11. 20 p. m.)

Major Thomas T. EXCERT,

Washington:

Hood is at Dalton with three corps and Wheeler's cavalry. No communication with that point since yesterday. An officer who escaped and reached Chattanooga reports that the surrender of Dalton was demanded in Hood's name before he left, and prisoners and deserters give his strength as I have stated. Sherman was at Kingston on Monday. General Schofield is at Cleveland, Tenn., but will come to Chattanooga and assume command till Thomas goes down. Troops going forward rapidly.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

