
WASHINGTON, October 13, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Louisville, Ky.:

All forces that can possibly be spared from Kentucky should be sent to General Thomas, at Nashville, to enable him to meet any forces that Hood may send north.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Burbridge.)

CLEVELAND, October 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Chattanooga or Nashville:

I went to Dalton this morning, found no communication beyond that place, and returned at 12 o'clock. The enemy was advancing on Dalton, in what force was not known. I found there three trains, two of them loaded with forage and unarmed soldiers, with very small guard. I brought them all to this place for safety. A train, with Generals Rice and Sprague on board, went as far as Tilton last evening, and learned the enemy had attacked Resaca. No news from that place since that time. Shall the trains and troops which I brought here return to Chattanooga or remain here? A prisoner captured near Dalton says the rebel force near Resaca is three corps of infantry and Wheeler's cavalry.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Order the trains and all the troops at Cleveland, Ringgold, and intermediate points to Chattanooga at once; and I desire you to return also and assume command of the direction of affairs, looking to a persistent defense of that post. I have just received orders from Washington to concentrate all the troops I can here to resist any attempt of Hood's against any point of our line or on the Tennessee River. I will forward the troops as rapidly as possible to Chattanooga. Endeavor to communicate with Major-General Sherman, who was last heard, from at Kingston, and inform him that Hood is demonstrating against Dalton, and in that vicinity, with three corps in addition to Wheeler's cavalry. Please acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, TENN., October 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your telegram received. General Burbridge is ordered to send you all the troops he can spare, and to inform you what he can do. I will go to Chattanooga to-morrow and assume command.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

