
points have been recelled into Chattanooga, and the major-general commanding desires you to expedite the transfer of your troops to Chattanooga, as heretofore ordered, as rapidly as possible. Every facility will be given you in the power of the railroad superintendent. Have your troops ready to move as soon as transportation reaches you.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following just received from Tunnel Hill:

There has been heavy cannonading at Dalton. The firing has ceased. The enemy are busy in vicinity of water-tank. I am trying to communicate with Dalton by courier from Ringgold.

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Cleveland, Tenn.:

Reports from Ringgold say Wheeler coming by way of Spring Place with 5,000 cavalry. Major-General Steedman has not returned yet. There is plenty arms here.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RINGGOLD, October 13, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE:

Two companies of Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry arrived here yesterday eye, and report that 2,000 rebel cavalry, reporting themselves as Wheeler's advance guard, passed through Nickajack Gap at 11 a. m. yesterday, going toward Dalton. A portion of THIRD company arrived at 10 p. m. and report having found some 250 rebel cavalry at La Fayette, together with some mounted men, occupying the court-house. Our men driven back and some of them captured, fourteen out of thirty-two getting here. The cavalry here amounts to seventy-three men. I will keep them here to-day, and would like to have authority to keep them longer, if the necessity requires it. Have got out scouts in every direction and will report when they come in.

W. H. HAYS,

Colonel Tenth Kentucky, Commanding.

RINGGOLD, October 13, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE:

Our mounted men have just reported that they found the rebels picketing the road at Nickajack Pass. Reliable citizens report that about 300 rebel cavalry are encamped on the east side of Taylor's Ridge, opposite

