
RINGGOLD, October 13, 1864.

General STEEDMAN:

I have just received the following from Colonel Poteet, at Tunnel Hill:

The enemy are between here and Dalton in force, destroying the railroad; their pickets are on Tunnel Hill. I am looking every moment for an attack. The road is all right to the bridge beyond Greenwood Mills. The firing has ceased in the direction of Dalton. If re-enforcement come send them forward. I have had no communication with Dalton since 3 p. m. I do not know the strength of the enemy. I will try and send courier through if you can send me one company of cavalry. Send re-enforcement to me to enable me to hold this place.

G. A. P.

Will re-enforcement be sent?

W. H. HAYS,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Dalton, Ga., October 13, 1864.

General HOOD,

Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: I cannot surrender the men under my command whatever the consequences may be. *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. JohnSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 13, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have no information of any considerable force near this place. Said to be a small force of cavalry at La Fayette; also force of the enemy at Villanow. Small force reported at Gordon's Mills. Fighting at Resaca. We are preparing for the enemy.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 13, 1864-8. 15 p. m.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Chattanooga:

General Morgan's DIVISION should all be in Chattanooga before morning. The Fist Brigade started from Athens at 10. 30 a. m. to- day, the Second Brigade at 3 p. m., and the THIRD Brigade follows this evening. Call in the troops from Tunnel Hill and Ringgold and all intermediate points between there and Chattanooga, and quietly make preparations for the defense of Chattanooga. Should you be attacked all the defenses between Chattanooga and Bridgeport must be held to the last extremity. General Steedman's troops will follow General Morgan's as rapidly as railroad transportation can carry them. Report frequently any new discoveries you may make. Scout the country well, and ascertain every movement on the part of the enemy.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* For Hood's demand, see Part I, p. 718.

---------------

17 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III.

