
NASHVILLE, October 13, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Via Athens:

(To be forwarded.)

I wish General Croxton's brigade to guard the river, assisted by the Ninth and Tenth Indiana and the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee, which I have ordered to be mounted at Athens. I wish you to return to this post to consult with me in the reorganization of the troops of this district. I wish you also to give the necessary orders for the reoccupation of all the block-houses with your own troops, relieving the troops of Generals Morgan's and Steedman's commands so that they can go to the front.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

ATHENS, October 13, 1864-9 p. m.

General THOMAS:

Have just reached here, General Steedman and myself. The troops will encamp four miles out. I shall go to Pulaski to-morrow, the men to Nashville. Will telegraph to Major Polk about relieving the troops of General Steedman and Morgan.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

PULASKI, October 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Orders received to mount Tenth Regiment Indiana and others with horses now in possession of mounted infantry soon to be at Athens. There are but four companies of Tenth Indiana here, two companies at Athens and balance at Decatur. I would, therefore, respectfully ask that he whole regiment be brought together here, that it may be made effective. The stock is good, and if kept together I could guarantee a good regiment out of it.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, October 13, 1864-9. 50 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding:

Forces have returned from scouting in direction of Fayetteville and that at part of the State, and report no enemy to be found anywhere. Everything all quiet. No news from last courier to Generals Rousseau and Steedman. General Croxton is still near Pillow's Mills. What is your decision, general, on my application? Should be pleased to go soon as possible on account of setting with my regiment before it becomes scattered.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

