
will be ordered to report to you to assist in guarding the river. Send Colonel Roper's brigade to this place, as it is made up of detachments, and I desire to re-organize it and send it to the front as soon as possible. Get into position by the 14th or 15th at farthest, if possible, and report to me the point selected for your camp, and establish a line of couriers between it and Pulaski or Athens, whichever may be the nearest point of telegraphic communication.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 13, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

The major-general commanding desires to know whether the two regiments of negro troops ordered to Chattanooga have started yet. If not, when will they get off? They must not be delayed.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. J. ESPY,

Decherd:

The general commanding orders that you send out a party with orders to shoot every member of Captain John's company of home guards who is guilty of the killing and plundering of unoffending citizens.

JNO O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF NASHVILLE,Nashville, Tenn., October 13, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to state that Captain R. C. Smith, steam-boat Alice, reports that his craft was boarded yesterday morning at about 3 o'clock near Davis' riffles, about FIFTY miles from this post, on Cumberland River, by from FIFTY to seventy-five men, armed with carbines and pistols; said they belonged to Forrest's command. They took possession of the boat; placed their horses on the both and crossed to the south side of the river. The boat when boarded was tied up on the north bank of the river, in a fog. They robbed the safe and took some blankets, but did not destroy any freight. The boat was loaded with salt, private freight. The boat is now at the lower landing at this place. The reason given for their not destroying the boat is that a boat approached just as they were crossed; supposed by them to be a gun-boat.

I am, captain, respectfully, yours,

JOHN F. MILLER,

Brigadier-General.

