
U. S. ENGINEER AGENCY.

The current requisitions of the month from the armies of the WEST for engineers' supplies have been regularly filled and the stores forwarded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SIMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Engineers.

CLEVELAND, TENN., October 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN:

We went to Dalton this a. m. ; found no communication south of that; the enemy in force at Resaca, and a small cavalry force threatening Dalton; returned here. Send anything of importance by telegraph to this place.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to Captain Curtis, assistant adjutant-general.)

CLEVELAND, TENN., October 13, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 14th.)

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

Send all dismounted force you can possibly spare by rail to Nashville immediately, to report to Major-General Thomas. Inform Major-General Thomas, by telegraph, what you can do. Reason for cipher important.

SCHOFIELD.

PADUCAH, KY., October 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH,

Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have received a communication from Colonel Lawrence, stating that he has received information that Forrest, after a successful attack at Eastport, is advancing to attack this post. This information he considers reliable. Forrest is reported to have ten rifled Parrots. He, therefore, requests that Mayfield be abandoned, as the fortifications are not in a condition to withstand such artillery. What course shall I pursue?

JAMES GRAHAM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., October 13, 1864.

Captain GRAHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Withdraw the troops from Mayfield immediately; start the cars to- night after Government property; keep them running until all is brought away; notify Mr. Hall that we are going to evacuate the place; some of the troops will have to be sent this place. Will give you further instructions. Telegraph me if you have any further information.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

