
of our men, going south with them. I have not learned the particulars of this capture yet, as I have not seen any of the men, who may have escaped, but have sent the lieutenant in charge of the patrol to look for them and bring them to these headquarters, when I shall send to your headquarters all information gained. A party of about 100 men, under a good commissioned officer, has gone in pursuit of them.

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel Second New Jersey Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Camp Howard, October 13, 1864.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

A. A. G., Cav. Corps, Dist. of WEST Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: The scout I sent out to-day in pursuit of the rebels who captured some of our patrols [and which] left here about 10 a. m., under charge of Lieutenant Givens, Second New Jersey Cavalry, about eighty men strong, have just returned. They went out on the Horn Lake road about twenty miles, on a trot, but could not overtake them. They found out that our patrol of the men was attacked about six miles from the picket-post by about twenty rebels, where they had a skirmish, as the citizens heard some firing, and found one dead horse, but could not find any of our men. The citizens also reported that they saw one of our men walking with the rebels as a prisoner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Communications between Sherman and Thomas being broken I have directed copies of your dispatches for Sherman to be delivered to Thomas in order to apprise him of your views. I hope this will meet your approbation.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., October 14, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I am very glad you have determined to make me a visit here. The best that can be done with dispatches for Sherman is to send them to Thomas, to be forwarded as soon as communications are opened.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 14, 1864-1 p. m.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

It looks to me that Hood has now put himself in a position where his army must be to a great extent destroyed. General Sherman has Rome

