
and the rich district of country about it and is in a better condition to live independent of supplies on hand than Hood. I think we may look now for favorable news from that quarter. What is the condition of affairs in Missouri?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 14, 1864-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Would it not answer your purposes to have the supplies sent direct to Hilton Head, with steamers in readiness there to take them to any point required? This would give to the enemy no intimation of intended operations, and would save most expenses in the demurrage of ocean transports. The Quartermaster-General has storage at Hilton Head, and every facility for landing and shipping stores. Moreover, light-draught steamers are kept there to run into the sounds and rivers. Should your plans be changed, the stores can be more readily transferred from Hilton Head than from Ossabaw. General Meigs has just suggested that the sailing vessels go from here, as they are loaded, so as not to attract any attention. Please answer if this arrangement will suit you. I think, from General Thomas' dispatch of last night, that Sherman is probably following up Hood toward Dalton. Sheridan appears to have changed his views in regard to the Manassas Gap road, on receiving your dispatch in regard to operations on Charlottesville and Gordonsville, and has countermanded his orders about the Sixth Corps. He will probably be in here to-night, when I can ascertain his plans more fully.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., October 14, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m. 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

It will not be necessary to send supplies to meet General Sherman until it is known that he starts south; then it will probably be much better to send them as you suggest.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,October 14, 1864.

Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

General Grant has directed that 200,000 rations of grain, 500,000 rations of prisoners, and 100 rounds of ammunition, for 30,000 men, be

