
shipped to a point on the Southern coast. If there is difficulty in procuring transportation the grain rations can be diminished. I will inform you verbally of the place where these are to be landed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,October 14, 1864.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

General Grant directs that 500,000 rations be prepared for shipment to the Southern coast. The Quartermaster-General will be notified of the time and place to which are to be shipped.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General DYER,

Chief of Ordnance:

General Grant directs that 100 rounds of ammunition for 30,000 men, with a proper proportion of field artillery ammunition for that number of infantry, be prepared for shipment to the Southern coast. The kinds of ammunition will be based upon the armament of General Sherman's army.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 91. In the Field, Resaca, Ga., October 14, 1864.

The first movement will be to force the Snake Creek Gap.

I. General Howard will bring up all the men of this command he can get at 7 a. m. to-morrow, and move direct on Snake Creek Gap, approaching carefully and holding his column ready to pass through when relieved by General Stanley's movement.

II. General Stanley will cross over to the bills about two miles north of the gap, somewhere south of Tilton, and with infantry reach the summit, and if possible find a way across into the valley beyond toward Villanow.

III. General Cox will come up and follow General Howard.

IV. All trains will remain, until further orders, near Resaca, parked, ready to follow by Dalton or Snake Creek Gap, as the orders may be.

V. General McCook will send all the cavalry he can raise boldly to the Buzzard Roost Pass to threaten the enemy in that quarter, and to give General Stanley notice of any force in that vicinity. As soon as General Garrand comes up he will be dispatched in the same direction.

VI. The general commanding will attend General Howard to the forks of the road about two miles this side of Snake Creek Gap, where couriers or staff officers can find him for orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

