
2. Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move with his command from his present camp at Calhoun at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning, and will follow the Seventeenth Corps toward Snake Creek Gap.

All trains, except ambulance, ordnance, and respective general headquarters, will remain parked at or near Resaca, awaiting further orders.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 144. Calhoun, Ga., October 14, 1864.

I. The command will move promptly at 4 a. m. to-morrow for Resaca, Ga., in the following order: First, the Second DIVISION; second, the First DIVISION; THIRD, artillery brigade, supported by one regiment of infantry, to be detailed by commanding general, First DIVISION. Ordnance and ambulance trains will follow their respective DIVISIONS. Regimental trains will follow in rear of artillery, and escort to be followed by one regiment of infantry of First DIVISION, which will constitute the rear guard. If the supply trains, which are expected to pass here during the night, shall not have passed by 4 p. m., Brigadier-General Woods will have two regiments (aggregate 500 men) under an efficient officer detailed to guard the ferries and avenues to this point and protect the trains. In the emergency the commanding officers of regiments so detailed will report to these headquarters for instructions. Pioneer corps of First DIVISION will report to Major C. J. Stolbrand, chief of artillery, to precede artillery brigade.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FREDK. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CALHOUN, October 14, 1864.

General HOWARD:

By order of General Sherman I am to remain here until supply trains and the Twenty-THIRD Corps have passed. From information just received it appears that the supply trains are in corral about six miles south of here, while the Twenty-THIRD Army Corps has not yet made its appearance. With your approval I would march my command early to-morrow morning to Resaca, so as to reach that point by 7 a. m., leaving, however, for the above mentioned purposes, two regiments of infantry, which is amply sufficient, as there seems to be no enemy about and the river not fordable.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.

ADAIRSVILLE, GA., October 14, 1864-3. 30 a. m.

Major General P. JOSEPH OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

General Howard directs that you move forward to Calhoun as soon as possible, not interfering in any way with the army or trains of the Armies of the Cumberland or Ohio. Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster,

