
You will please have the supply train of your DIVISION in advance of the rear brigade, and one regiment, as rear guard to the corps trains, in rear of all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The command will not move until orders to that effect are given.

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 14, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Nashville:

I have directed copies of the following communications* of General Grant to General Sherman to be delivered to you, that you may understand General Grant's views while the communication between you and General Sherman is interrupted. Please keep the Department fully and frequently advised of what transpires, so that we can notify General Grant of the aspect of things.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 14, 1864-8 a. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

From the best information I am able to obtain the following is the present situation of affairs in this department:

Forrest, with his forces, occupies the south bank of the Tennessee River, from near Tuscumbia to Eastport, and General Granger reports a force of 500 or 600 patrolling the river between Guntersville and Whitesburg. Generals Granger and Croxton are guarding the north side of the Tennessee River. Bridgeport and all important points between there and Chattanooga are strongly held, and scouts are kept out continually to observe the enemy and report his movements. All information from them so far shows that the main body of the enemy has moved toward Resaca and Dalton. It was reported yesterday that Dalton was captured, and the troops at Tunnel Hill and Ringgold withdrawn to Chattanooga. I have directed a force to move out in that direction and ascertain definitely the situation of affairs. Major-General Schofield, who has been to Knoxville and cut off from General Sherman on his return, was directed by me to assume command of Chattanooga and make every preparation for its defense, thus enabling me to superintend the reorganization of the troops in General Rousseau's district, which I find in considerable confusion. As soon as I can complete the reorganization of Rousseau's command I shall proceed to Chattanooga, unless the Department prefers that I should remain here.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Copy to General Grant.)

---------------

* Probably October 11, 11 a. m., and 11. 30 p. m., p. 202, and October 12, 1 p. m., p. 222.

---------------

