
whisky, and small quantity vegetables. The day's supply is computed for the force now here, including General Steedman's force to arrive, as also all employers and persons drawing rations, numbering in all 25,000 persons daily, which are the figures given by General Schofield.

M. H. BRIGHT,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

CHATTANOOGA, October 14, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am here with my whole force-whole DIVISION.

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 11, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I went to Dalton yesterday, but could get no farther, and found the enemy advancing on that place. I returned to Cleveland, bringing the trains and public property. General Thomas then ordered me to concentrate at Chattanooga the troops of Cleveland, Ringgold, and intermediate posts, and take command here. I am now acting under his orders. It is reported that Dalton was captured yesterday, but I doubt the truth of the report. The enemy does not appear to be advancing on this place. I will push out to-morrow and try to develop his strength and movements. There are now troops enough here to make the place secure, and more are expected to-night. I forward dispatches from General Grant.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 14, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Cleveland or Chattanooga:

From reports received this a. m. it seems that the statements of the movements of Hood's army were not very reliable, and I think if you are not fully satisfied that the enemy is advancing that you had better reoccupy Cleveland and those points from which the troops have been ordered to be withdrawn. Can you not ascertain the real state of affairs and let me know how matters actually stand?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, October 14, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I am anxiously awaiting an authentic report of the movements and strength of the enemy, and his probable intention. Please inform me at the earliest movement what news you have been able to obtain through your scouts; and have all your scouts actively engaged in watching for new developments, and report to me as soon as you hear from them.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

