
CHATTANOOGA, October 14, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have arrived here with the troops and property from Cleveland. The troops from Tunnel Hill and Ringgold have come in. They left their posts early this morning without knowing anything definite about the enemy. I do not think it certain that Dalton is captured. I will push out a force in the morning and try to learn the facts.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 14, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 5. 30 p. m. is received. I did not reach here until afternoon to-day, and have no reliable news yet. Scouts went this morning from this place as far as Crawfish Spring and Gordon's Mills, and found no enemy. Those from Whiteside's found no enemy twenty miles south from that place. Other scouts are expected this evening. I will inform you as soon as they come. I propose to send the troops back to Ringgold in the morning, or as far back as they can go. When General Steedman arrives with his troops I think I had better take Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS and move against the enemy. Please inform me if you approve.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 14, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Dispatch of 2 a. m. [?] received. Your intended action in taking Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS against the enemy, after Steedman's troops reach you, is approved. I some days since directed two regiments of cavalry, Sixth Indiana and Ninth Ohio, belonging to your army, to proceed to Chattanooga road, and also a full battery, fresh from this place, under Captain Aleshire, accompanied by 300 men of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry. These troops should by this time have nearly reached their destination, and when they arrive you can add the battery and the cavalry force referred to Generals Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISION of infantry in making your movements against the enemy.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

HASHVILLE, October 14, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Your dispatch of 6 p. m. is received, and is quite satisfactory. Your intention to push out a force in the morning to ascertain the state of affairs is approved. Please caution all officers to be certain to get reliable information before they make any reports.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

