
Major General George H. Thomas, and to let the artillery horses remain at Camp Nelson until the present emergency is past. I judge from the tenor of his dispatch that it is very important to get the troops to Nashville as fast as possible. I shall, therefore, have orders issued to you directing you to proceed with your command to that point, with the arms now in their hands unless the cavalry arms arrive to-morrow. Should the Fifth Indiana not return by the time you are ready to march you must go without it and let it follow as soon as possible. It will probably be best that the men coming here for horses should return to Nicholasville and march with the balance of the command; that I will determine when I see them. Please get your troops in readiness with all possible dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Liut. Colonel, Chief of Arty. and Ord., Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., October 14, 1864.

Colonel HORACE CAPRON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Nicholasville, Ky.:

COLONEL: By direction of the commanding general, you will immediately proceed with your command by the most expeditions and direct route to Nashville and report to Major-General Thomas for duty.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. GOULD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Nelson, Ky., October 14, 1864.

Colonel CAPRON,

Commanding Brigade of Cavalry, Nicholasville, Ky.:

COLONEL: Information has been received that this post is in danger of an attack by guerrillas, who are at Shakertown and other places near camp. Please send here without delay what men you can spare, as we have only a very small force (about 100 armed men) for the protection of a vast amount of Government property.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

SPEED S. FRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

C. M. HOLT,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

(The general being absent.)

LEXINGTON, October 14, 1864.

Colonel T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Hold all your available men in readiness to repel any attack. Keep scouting parties, under picked officers, out a few miles on the different approaches to camp. Cannot send you any more cavalry.

By order of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

