HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 14, 1864.

[Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD:]

CAPTAIN: I have ordered FIFTY men to patrol to-morrow via Raleigh to Somerville. They take two days' rations. They will start early to-morrow morning. I notify you that you may consider it in details. I suspect Chalmers, or a part of his force, is out that way and therefore send FIFTY.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 92. In the Field, October 15, 1864.

The movement to-morrow will be on La Fayette, the primary object being to secure possession of Ship's Gap.

I. General Howard will move rapidly on Villanow and Ship's Gap, Secure the summit, and mass to the right.

II. General Stanley will follow and mass to the left of the gap.

III. General Cox will halt for orders at Villanow, guarding roads north and south.

IV. General Garrard's cavalry will come through Snake Creek Gap and guard the trains. General Elliott will dispatch Colonel Watkins' cavalry and scouts to open communication with Chattanooga, to let them know that this army is in pursuit of Hood and to inform me of the state of facts along the road and at Chattanooga.

V. The ordnance and ambulance trains will pass with the troops, as also herds of cattle, but supply trains will follow in the order of the troops, viz, those of the Army of the Tennessee first, those of the Cumberland second, and those of the Ohio last.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

RESACA, October 15, 1864-3. 30 a. m.

(Received 4. 30 a. m.)

General STANLEY:

Make the park on the Rome road whenever you can move, either on Dalton or across the mountain (with infantry) - a park where you can assemble your main force. Put a brigade on the top of the hill early, and after guarding the flanks let them skirmish down into the valley. Get a good lookout. As soon as the enemy discovers a force above him he will let go the gap.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 15, 1864. (Received 8. 30 a. m.)

General STANLEY:

Please send an officer to direct your troops south of the bridge to use the pontoon bridge and leave the new bridge to the Army of the Tennessee, that I have ordered to approach around the left of your

