
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 15. Atlanta, Ga., October 15, 1864.

Surg. H. E. Goodman, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with orders, is hereby announced as medical director of the corps. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

] Atlanta, Ga., October 15, 1864.

An expedition for the purpose of collecting forage will be sent out from this city to-morrow. The train will consist of 400 wagons, with a guard of three brigades of infantry and two batteries of artillery. Captain Whittelsey, acting chief quartermaster, will collect together to form this train all wagons now in the city which do not belong to the Twentieth Corps that can be spared, making up the balance of the train* from the transportation of the Twentieth Corps. If possible to make up the number without using the wagons that have just returned, he will do so, but in any event the train will number 400 wagons. The expedition will be under the command of Colonel Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers, whose brigade will accompany the expedition. Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second DIVISION, and Colonel Dustin, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will each detail one brigade as guards and instruct the commanding officer to report this afternoon to Colonel Robinson for instructions. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, will detail two four-gun batteries to accompany the expedition and instruct the senior officer to report to Colonel Robinson. The train will be made up on the Decatur road, and be in readiness to start at 6 a. m.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, October 15, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: The operator reports Garrard's DIVISION having left Adairsville one hour since. General Raum reports a ford five miles above. Will Garrard march for Buzzard Roost as ordered, or do you wish to change the destination of his DIVISION? He will reach here in four to five hours.

Respectfully,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Snake Creek Gap, October 15, 1864-12 m.

General ELLIOTT:

The enemy holds this gap, but I see no evidence of a large force. Howard is now skirmishing and Stanley is crossing the mountain. I expect to get to Villanow by night. I would rather have Garrard come

