
the town in such a manner as to impress citizens with the belief that our garrison has not been weakened to any considerable extent. You will also hold them in readiness during the day for any emergency that may arise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, October 15, 1864-2. 25 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I am directed by General Ransom to say, in answer to your communication to-day, that the reconnaissance, has not returned, but there is sharp firing in their direction.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH CORPS,Resaca, Ga., October 15, 1864-3. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I send you reports of Colonel Sheldon, just received at these headquarters. General Sherman has been advised as ordered. About 2 a. m. sharp firing was distinctly heard at these headquarters in the direction of the gap; it ceased about 3 a. m. I placed my command under arms, but have since sent them orders to rest. The ambulance and ordnance trains and cattle of First and Fourth DIVISIONS have just arrived. You are advised by General Leggett's note, written at 10 p. m. last night, of his position and condition. Colonel Joel, chief quartermaster of corps, with supply train and regimental wagons, went into camp at Adairsville last evening. The regimental wagons were ordered forward at midnight and the supply train at daylight this morning. Your orders, and those of Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, have been sent to General Leggett, but I think Osterhaus will detain him, so that my command will be without artillery in the movement proposed to commence at 7 a. m.

Respectfully,

T. E. GA. RANSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, Near Snake Creek Gap, October 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I pushed forward as directed, but found none of our cavalry. Ran on the enemy's vedettes near Dalton and Rome road. Drove them out of the first line of works, and am now pushing for the gap and second line. Have not yet found a skirmish line, but think there is one, as the signs in the works indicated a strong reserve.

Very respectfully,

C. S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

