
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Near Snake Creek Gap, October 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I am now withdrawing my force. I drove the enemy's cavalry without meeting a skirmish line until I struck a new line of earth-works erected at this side of the field. My men received a fire from about 300. I think the force is a rear guard of cavalry, as signs of horse-feed were very abundant. The object of the reconnaissance being accomplished, I relieved my skirmish line, and bring off my wounded.

Respectfully,

C. S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CALHOUN, GA., October 15, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Have come ten miles this morning from the camp where the trains stopped us last night. Am pushing forward, though somewhat delayed by portions of trains we find in the road, and which we have to get rid of. I am impatient at not being nearer up, but am hurrying as much as possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Ohio.

RESACA, GA., October 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

SIR: The head of my column is now nearly at the bridge. As it has been somewhat broken by wagon trains, I purpose halting in the river flat before crossing, and will let the men bivouac there till I hear from you. It will, of course, take some time, perhaps two hours, for the rear to come up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Ohio.

NASHVILLE, October 15, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 4. 30 p. m. 16th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

All the information I have received from the front to-day is that given by a telegram operator, who came into Ringgold this morning, having, as he says, secreted himself after Dalton had been taken by the enemy, and escaped this morning after the enemy withdrew, which he did at 6 a. m., going WEST through Nickajack Gap. Sherman's advance was at Tilton last night and crossed the mountain this morning, going WEST in pursuit of Hood. Granger has had the country south and east of Decatur well scouted, and reports that there are no indications

