
Hood's army passed through Nickajack Gap, going west, night before last. I think it would be wells to re-enforce Bridgeport from the north, if practicable. I am trying to get more reliable information before moving Morgan toward Dalton.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 15, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have reliable information from Dalton. It was captured by a corps of Hood's army, which passed through Nickajack Gap, going westward, yesterday. There appears to be no enemy on the road now. Ought I not to cover the road between this point and Bridgeport, instead of moving toward Resaca? Please advise me.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 15, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Chattanooga:

I have received information that the enemy left Dalton this a. m., going west, and that General Sherman's advance was at Tilton last night, and went across the mountains this morning after Hood. I wish you to communicate with General Sherman by means of scouts, if possible, and at the same time endeavor to ascertain the strength of the enemy and what his intentions are. I have directed General Granger to keep the Tennessee River well watched, with scouts well out to the front, in order that he may discover any movements of the enemy in the direction of Decatur and Florence.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 15, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 7. 30 p. m. is received. I sent messengers to General Sherman last night and this morning. I think they have got through. I will sent again to-night. Your information agrees with mine, except that the enemy left Dalton yesterday instead of this a. m. Unless you direct otherwise I will send a brigade to Bridgeport to-night, and hold a DIVISION there until I get further information. I have directed Colonel Wright to repair the railroad as rapidly as possible, and propose to send a brigade of Wagner's DIVISION, which is now at Ringgold, to open the way. I have sent scouts far up Chattanooga and Lookout Valleys to get information of Hood's movements.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

