
CLARKSVILLE, TENN., October 15, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I think I shall be attacked in the morning. I can hold the fort, but do not like to abandon the large amount of Government stores in the city. Can you not send me 200 men by morning?

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 15, 1864.

Colonel A. A. SMITH, Clarksville:

We will send you additional force as soon as it can be done. In the mean time General Thomas wishes you to resist all attacks of the enemy and do all you can to defend your post.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY,

Nashville, Tenn., October 15, 1864.

Major-General WILSON:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday making inquiry as to the condition of the cavalry of this military DIVISION. In reply I have to say that upon my arrival here on the 25th of August last, I found the records of the office in a very imperfect condition, and that owing to the repeated interruptions to the communications with the army since that time I have been unable to procure any recent reports as to the strength or condition of the larger part of the cavalry forces. All that is shown by the records of this office as to the number, condition, and stations of the cavalry is exhibited in the report which I am informed my adjutant-general has already furnished you. Whatever I may add to this will be conjectural and probably not very accurate or reliable. I believe that there are with Major-General Sherman about 10,000 cavalry efficiently mounted and armed; there are probably nearly the same number dismounted and imperfectly armed, on the line of the railroad below Chattanooga and in that vicinity. There are some 6,000 dismounted cavalry on the railroads in the State of Tennessee. Arrangements are being made to mount and arm these at once. In reply to your question as to how the cavalry commands are mounted and armed, I have to say that they are all mounted on horses more or less serviceable, and are variously armed. I believe that there is a deplorable lack of uniformity in the arms of the different brigades and DIVISIONS; but upon this I cannot speak certainly, as there were no reports of arms on file in this office, and though I have made repeated applications for them I have never yet been able to procure them, except from the cavalry of WEST Tennessee, a copy of the last report from which command has, I am informed, been furnished you. As to the number of horses required to make the available force efficient, they are being supplied at Louisville at the rate of 500 per week, and some are being received at this place by way of Johnsonville, on the Tennessee River, but not in any considerable numbers. I have assurances from the Cavalry Bureau that every effort shall be made to increase the number furnished per week, at once, and as largely as possible, perhaps to the number of 1,500 per week.

