
The established remount camps are at this place, at Louisville, and Nicholasville, Ky., this last for the Army of the Ohio. It has been my purpose to remount most of the cavalry at Louisville, sending complete organizations to that place to be mounted and equipped, having them return, marching to the army, so as efficiently to control the country along the line of our railroads, and at the same time to have advantage of the forage grown along the line of march and, to the extent to which it is used, prevent it from falling into the hands of the enemy. Major W. P. Chambliss is special inspector of cavalry for the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. He is stationed at Louisville and at present has charge of the issue of horses there. I know of no other officer from the Cavalry Bureau upon similar duty; there is no special staff for the cavalry forces. Upon being assigned here I made application to have an officer assigned to me as assistant quartermaster, but my application was refused.

For ordnance requisitions have so far been made upon the depot at this place and the one at Louisville. This has been found but a poor dependence. I have recently urged upon the officer in charge of the depot here to provide at once 15,000 complete sets of horse equipments and arms for the cavalry. I shall make a similar recommendation to the officer in charge at Louisville. As to the number of the nominal cavalry force which can be kept in the field I can only say that in my opinion, with the system which I have proposed to adopt, once in successful operation, I can keep in the field 30,000 efficient cavalry. This includes those of the force in WEST Tennessee, and the estimate is based upon the supposition that horses can be constantly furnished for the remounts as they may be needed. I think that all of this force can be efficiently used, the larger part, of course, as auxiliary to the operations of the army at the front; the remainder in patrolling the railroads, scouting for guerrillas, convoyiner similar services. My opinions as to the means of improving the organizations and efficiency of the cavalry may be in part gathered from the suggestions contained here as to those things in respect to which the cavalry is deficient.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JohnSON,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

DECATUR, October 15, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Communication in relation to mounting Indiana regiments is received. It will be attended to at once and information forwarded to you as soon as received.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, October 15, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have just received information, which I consider reliable, that Breckinridge will soon invade Kentucky with a formidable force of cavalry and infantry. I will do my utmost, but have so few troops left that I fear the result of an invasion.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

