
ion, brigade, regimental, and company commanders must correct it. They cannot do too much to maintain strict discipline and thereby ennoble the character of their respective commands.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Shi's Gap, Ga., October 16, 1864.

General REUM:

I occupied Ship's Gap to-day. Two corps of the enemy are represented as at La Fayette and one has gone down toward Dirt Town. I want to get one train up, and as soon as I know where the enemy is I will follow. I want all hands to go to work now to repair damages on the road. That south is nearly if not quite done and that north will be pushed with the utmost vigor. We must finish the road to prepare for the future. I want to make a raid that will make the South feel the terrible character of our people.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, October 16, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: Two of the Seventeenth Iowa prisoners bribed the guard last night between 8 and 9 o'clock some twenty-five miles from Coosaville, traveled all night, and arrived here this p. m. They report that Stewart's corps. after leaving Dalton on the 14th, marched night and day, hurrying south, and would reach Coosaville to-night. One of the soldiers says he saw Stewart several times, and heard him tell a colonel that two corps would go WEST from Tunnel Hill, his going south. The troops were living on corn. After carefully examining the men, I give it as my opinion that they are not mistaken as to Stewart's corps, being with him when he escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

ROME, GA., October 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Escaped prisoners just arrived from Blue Mountain say that there are about 400 wagons. They say that Beauregard is at Jacksonville, with a brigade of cavalry as a guard. the barefoot men of Hood's army are there. Also say Hood has gone into Tennessee.

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

