HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ship's Gap, October 16, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Send me Davis' and Newton's old DIVISIONS. Re-establish the road and I will follow Hood wherever he may go. I think he will move to Blue Mountain. We can maintain our men and animals on the country,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR VILLANOW, GA., October [16], 1864. *

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Chattanooga:

Dispatches received. I am pushing straight for Hood wherever he may be; do the same with whatever force you have and let us run him down. I am now on his trail and will follow it. We pushed Lee's corps through Snake Creek Gap to-day [15th], and at Villanow I will find out where he is going to and will follow him, no matter where. Get in communication with me as soon as possible. We hold Atlanta and the road up to Resaca. The break at Big Shanty must be nearly done.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR VILLANOW, GA., October 16, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

We took Ship's Gap to-day, capturing a part of the Twenty-fourth South Carolina. Two corps are represented at La Fayette and one went south from Villanow. They obstructed Snake Creek Pass to delay our trains, but by to-morrow I can move in any direction. I want the first positive fact that Hood contemplates an invasion of Tennessee; invite him to do so. Send him a free pass in. Re-occupy the railroad, and put the construction corps to work to repair the break from the tunnel to Resaca. I will get my trains up here and move according to the best information I can get.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 16, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have received your dispatch from Villanow and will march accordingly at daylight in morning with about 10,000 men unless I receive further information before starting. I will take the Lookout Valley road for Trenton and then strike for Hood wherever I can hear of him. I started my troops for Ringgold, but learning that the enemy had moved WEST from Dalton I turned this way to cover Bridgeport and the railroad this side.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*As recorded in Sherman's "letter sent" book, this dispatch is dated October 15; but see Schofield to Sherman, October 15, 12 midnight, p. 195, and Schofield to Thomas, October 16, 6 p. m., p. 312.

---------------

