
I propose to march with Wagner's DIVISION up Lookout Valley to Trenton and then make for Hood wherever he may be. Please inform me whether you approve.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 16, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

You can move with Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS as soon as you have transportation to carry you; but I desire not to have Chattanooga uncovered unless you are satisfied there will be no risk in doing so.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 16, 1864 - 10. 45 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The following dispatch has just been received through General Granger, at Huntsville:

LARKINSVILLE, October 16, 1864.

An officer from south side of the river gives the following reliable information: Hood's army, including Forrest, Wheeler, and Roddey, are now, at 10 o'clock, in Deer Head Cove, Dug Gap, fifteen miles south of Carpenter's Ferry, advancing toward that landing on the main road. I move up there immediately and leave orders for the General Grant to come up as soon as she arrives. I will be there at 10 or 11 o'clock to-night.

G. MORTON,

Commanding.

I wish you to take Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS to the point referred to instead of going up Lookout Valley, sending your scouts well in advance to ascertain just where the enemy are. You will also send a copy of this dispatch to General Sherman, telling him what you have done, and I desire the same information to be sent as soon as possible to General Stanley, who is also in pursuit of Hood's army. Don't fail to report what you discover, and I wish if possible that you communicate also, if you find the enemy, with Generals Sherman and Stanley, letting them also know of your movement.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 16, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I send the following information just received from cavalry scouts: Captains Smith encamped twenty-three miles south of Trenton Saturday, 15th, marched to Trenton 5 p. m. 16th; reports no enemy having crossed from direction of Dalton unless they crossed in his rear this day, but says that he was informed that they were to cross.

WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

