
passed that way, which he must have known had Forrest joined Hood. Captain Morton repeats his telegram that he is positive that his information is correct. The gun-boats, in my opinion, will do but little toward stopping the crossing of the river by such a force as Hood must have. They have no protection for their boilers, none indeed for any part of the boat, and any of them could be totally disabled by three batteries in fifteen minutes. They can only be stopped from crossing by batteries and heavy force on this side of the river. I will be pleased to have any orders forthwith, general, if I can render any service.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Huntsville:

Based upon the supposition that you were satisfied your information was correct concerning the movements of Hood's army toward Carpenter's Ferry, I have directed General Schofield to take with him Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS to the point referred to and prevent the crossing of the enemy, if possible. I have also sent your dispatch to Generals Sherman and Stanley for their information, in order that they may act in conjuction with General Schofield. Send me reliable reports as frequently as possible, and have your scouts scour the country well. Send intelligent men, who are able to comprehend and promptly report any reliable information they may obtain.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

EIGHT MILES NORTH OF ROGERSVILLE,

October 16, 1864. (Via Pulaski.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I will move to Rogersville and toward Florence to-day. Can hear of no rebels except squads. I desire to know if the gun-boats can take care of the river as far up as Waterloo.

Very respectfully,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUN-BOAT FLEET,

Cairo:

Will you please direct the gun-boats to patrol the Tennessee River, up as far as Waterloo and Eastport, while my cavalry make an expedition to Rogersville and Florence.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

