
NASHVILLE, October 16, 1864.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON:

(To be forwarded via Pulaski.)

I have asked the commanding officer of the gun-boat fleet to direct the patrol of the Tennessee River by the gun-boats, as you request, while you are going to Rogersville and Florence.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 16, 1864.

Brigadier General J. AMMEN,

Commanding Dist. of East Tennessee, Loudon or Knoxville, Tenn.:

It is rumored that a portion of the enemy are moving toward East Tennessee. You will send a small part of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry to Charleston to scout in that vicinity to gain early information of any such movement. Report promptly all information you obtain.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, October 16 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN:

Scouts just returned from Tazewell and report 900 rebels at Mulberry Gap.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1864.

(Received 7. 25 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

some time since, for various reasons, and in compliance with the wishes of the real Union men of this State, I requested the Secretary of War to include all Eastern Tennessee in the Department of the Cumberland. This should be done. I hope there is no objection to it by the Executive. The change can produce no conflict, but, on the contrary, will produce harmony and concert of action. I have again renewed the request to the Secretary of War, and hope that there will be favorable action on the part of the President and Secretary of War.

ANDREW JohnSON,

Governor.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1864.

(Received 7. 35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I hope I will be pardoned for again calling the attention of the War Department to the importance of including the entire eastern DIVISION of this State in the Department of the Cumberland. It cannot produce conflict of the military, but will avoid difficulties which are ahead,

