
and at the same time bring about harmony and concert of action through that DIVISION of the State. There is no good reason why the eastern part of the State should be divided between two departments. Let it all be embraced in General Thoma's department. It will promote the public interest, and give satisfaction to the Union men of the State.

A. JohnSON,

Governor, &amp;c.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1864 - 8 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Enemy has gone from railroad below Chattanooga, and every exertion is making to repair it. An attack is expected between Chattanooga and Bridgeport, or at the latter place, and General Schofield is preparing for it. Telegraph will be repaired to Atlanta in a couple of days. Reports say there is nothing left of the railroad or telegraph line between Tunnel Hill and Resaca. Trains run to Dalton via Cleveland and Red Clay.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, October 16, 1864.

Honorable J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In my last communication to you I stated that on my return from Louisville I would write you again on subject that vitally interested me. On my return from the expedition to Western Virginia I found that during my absence my actions, motives, and character had been assailed, and complaints sent forward to Washington, and I have been informed that the communication were sent to you. I found on investigation that the grounds of complaint, which were so eagerly grasped at lby my enemies when they knew I was powerless to defend myself, were the release of the prisoner Mead and the whispered accusations that I was guilty of bribery and corruption in the premises. The latter charge is too absurd for me to give even a passing notice to. The cause of Mead I submitted to my judge-advocate-general with all the proofs. He stated emphatically that Mead could not be convicted on the charges, and that if he was every prisoner in our possession could be convicted and not held as prisoners of war. I had no special feeling in this case different from other cases; I released him on his taking the amnesty oath, and giving heavy bonds that he would remain out of the United States during the war, being influenced, I must say, in no small degree by petitions signed by numerous leading Union men of the State for his release. If you desire I will send you the papers in the case, and if I have done wrong it was an error in judgment, and not a flagrant abuse of my authority as has been charged. I find that my position here is an unenviable one, and that it is impossible for me to please every Union man. I have therefore determined to do what I consider right in every case, trusting that those who placed me in command will do the same by me, and whatever may be their action I shall have the proud consciousness of having done what I honestly consider for the good of the cause since I have been in the service.

