
I am surrounded by petty annoyances that ivdividually I have no power to remove. Three officers of my command have been the means of injuring me personally, and the cause generally, by their acts and assertions, for which the public hold me responsible. I have reference to Captain H. B. Grant, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, ispector-general of the district; Captain Steph. Jones, aide-de-camp and commissary-general of prisoners for this district, and Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Hammond, assistant adjutant-general, in charge of the camp of the draft rendezvous. Captain Grant was appointed by General Schofield and Captain Jones by the Secretary of War; they are both rabid McClellan men, and are using their influence and position against me, in my endeavor to carry the State for Mr. Lincoln. The public do not understand that I have no power to remove them; consequently accuse me of double dealing by retaining them in their positiions. I earnestly desire the removal of these men from this district. They have both managed to be kept on staff duty, away from the front during a greater part of the war, enjoying their ease in safety, fattening upon the Government bounty, and now, like snarling curs, attempt to bite the hand that feeds them. Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond is apparently with us in politics, energetic and capable, yet wanting in moral intergrity; ambitious, interfering, and supremely selfish, he grasps at the prosperity or misfortunes of his friends to elevate himself to position and power. I deem the good of the service demands that he be removed from this district.

I am becoming somewhat alrmed at the condition of Kentucky. I have sent six full regiments of colored troops out of the State and five regiments of white troops to Nashville within the past two weeks, and this week five other regiments. I am convinced the intention of the enemy is to throw a large cavalry force into the State in small detachments, scattering them over the State, to interfere with the election, and then to concentrate their detachments and join Breckinridge's main force for a grand raid over the State. these opinions are formed from letters received by rebel sympathizers from their friends in the rebel army. I deem it of the utmost importance to have a sufficient force thrown into the State, between this and the November election, to propect every exposed voting precinct, and to frustrate any contemplated raid. With a judicious disposition of the troops the State may be carried for Mr. Lincoln. The floating population of Kentucky was never greater, embodying a strong Union element, especially in those districts that have been overrun by guerrillas, yet every effort of the opposition is being made to defeat us; their candidates and electors can travel all over that part of the State infested by guerrillas in perfect safety, while the Union electors are obliged to take a strong guard with them, thus showing conclusively where the sympathy and support for McClellan comes form.

I would suggest that the commissioners appointed to settle the claims of loyal men for negroes who have gone into the army be sent to Kentucky at once, and work till after the election, at least. The moral effect of this would be great, and would confirm hundreds in the faith who-kneed and doubting.

I deem it of the utmost importance for Kentucky's future that the State should be carried for Mr. Lincoln. I have used every means in my power to accomplish this end, and simply because I could not give to the public the reasons and the means I have taken to make Union and administration men I have been assailed by those who in name support the administration, but are actuated thereto by purely selfish

21 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT III

