
motives. I have given some Govenment patronage to prominent influential men, who were not of doubtful loyalty, but of doubtful politics, lthus securing them and their influence for the administration, which otherwise would have been used against us - in other words, when I could by honorably bestowing favors make a vote for Mr. Lincoln I have done so. The requests I make in this communication I trust you will cause to be favorably considered by the President and Secretary of War.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 16, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army and Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicatie for your information the following in regard to the cavalry I am ordered to forward to Nashville. Fearing you might be expecting the 1,500 referred to in my telegram of yesterday, sooner than they can possibly get to you, I deem it proper to inform you by letter of the exact condition which the command at Nicholasville is now in. One regiment, the Eighth Michigan, nearly 600 strong, is fully mounted and equipped, armed with Springfield muskets, and will start to-morrow. The other three regiments, viz, the Fourteenth and SIXTEENTH Illinois and the Fifth Indiana, on account of unavoidable delay in arming and equipping, cannot march before the 19th instant. When I telegraphed you my information led me to believe that two regiments instead of one were ready for the field. Another delay is occasioned by the non-arrival of the Fifth Indiana, which was sent home to vote. It should have been at Nicholasville yesterday, but has not yet arrived. I shall, however, start the Fourteenth and SIXTEENTH Illinois as soon as they are ready, whether the Fifth Indiana is here or not. They are all armed with Springfield muskets, no cavalry arms being within reach at present. They have all been drilled more or less as infantry, and will no doubt do good service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief of Ord. and Arty., Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., October 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

GENERAL: Below find copy of telegram from Colonel Peters:

WHITE'S STATION.

Major MORGAN:

Kate Rhodes just left here for Memphis. She says this place is to be attacked at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning by Chalmers.

J. H. PETERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

