
MEMPHIS, TENN., October 16, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETERS, White's Station:

By information received from General Washburn it is thought that General Forrest intends moving to attack this place. You will immediately move all camp and garrison equipage, and everything that is movable, to this point, inlcuding steam-pump and watering troughs. Supply your command with two days' rations and keep patrols well out so as not to allow yourself to be cut off. Trains have been ordered out to bring in your stuff.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 16, 1864 - 5. 50 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETERS, White's Station:

Bring your whole command immediately to this point. Let the several detachments report on arrival to their brigade commanders.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Camp Howard, October 16, 1864.

REPORT OF PATROLS OUT YESTERDAY AND LAST NIGHT.

[Captain S. L. WOODWARD:]

Report of patrol on Pegeon Roost and Holly Ford roads. - Went out on Holly Ford road at 1 p. m. yesterday about eleven miles, crossed from there to Pigeon Roost road and returned at 7 p. m. Sent patrols out again at 3 a. m. to-day on both roads to Nonconnah Creek; saw nothing.

Report of patrol on Hernando and Horn Lake roads. - We out to the hernando road about fourteen miles, crossed over to the Horn Lake and returned to the picket-post at about 4 p. m. Discovered four fords between Hernando and Holly Ford roads, easy to cross. Went out again in the morning about 3 o'clock; was told by a citizen that about twenty rebels had passed from Hernando to Horn Lake road yesterday about two hours after our patrol had passed. Found tracks of a small squad of cavalry, but could not find them. Three men of First MISSISSIPPI Mounted Rifles were missing this morning from the reserve with their arms; their horses were secured with the others on the reserve post.

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S. - The officer in charge of the patrol thinks that these three men probably went in the night to some house in the neighborhood and were captured. He does not think they deserted. He could find no tracks of them.

[OCTOBER 16, 1864. - For M. L. Smith to Dennis, in relation to movement of troops from White River, Ark., to Memphis, Tenn., see Vol. XLI.]

