SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 170. Memphis, Tenn., October 16, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General James C. Veatch, having volunteered his services, is hereby placed in command of Fort Pickering and its defenses.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

WM. H. MORGAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 16, 1864 - 3. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Tilton, Ga.:

The moment I know you have started south stores will be shipped to Hilton Head, where there are transports ready to take them to meet you at Savannah. In case you go south I would not propose holding anything south of Chattanooga, certainly not south of Dalton. Destroy in such case all of military value in Atlanta.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 17, 1864.

(Received 6. 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I left General Sherman at Ship's Gap, in Taylor's Ridge, at dark last night, and will return to him to-morrow morning. General and army all right and in best of spirits. Hood will not fight, though offered battle repeatedly. Hid dreadful repulse at allatoona has made him very cautious. General Slocum is all right in Atlanta, with plenty of provisions and forage. We heard from him last night. He sent out to the southeast and got 400 wagon-loads of forage. He is ordered to repair the railroad and telegraph. All right from Atlanta to Resaca. Telegraph and railroad destroyed for twenty milis, from Resaca to Dalton. Repairs have begun, and ten days will complete the road and three days the telegraph. Hood's raid has produced no military result as yet. If he fails to invade Tenensee, as he has promised his men, he will lose by desertion twice as many as he has captured. The losses in men thus far have been in our favor. All looks bright for the result of future movements. Hood demanded, over his own signature, the surrender of Resaca and Dalton, and said if surrendered white officers and men would be paroled in a few days; but that if the post was carried by assault no prisoners would be taken. The railroad and telegraph working from this point to Tunnel Hill. Rome all right. Army has plenty of rations and forage, but needs payment.

WILLARD WARNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Inspector-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Ship's Gap, Ga., Numbers 93. October 17, 1864.

I. Army commanders will at once park their trains at points convenient to roads leading south. Each army will make up a train of the most indifferent wagons and worthless mules and horses, and prepare

