
to send them to Chattanooga, together with the sick and wounded, prisoners of war, surplus servants, tents, chairs, cots, and the furniture that now fill our wagons and disgrace the army - in other words, each army will strip its trains to the best teams, loaded only with the essentials for a lonf march, depending on the country for forage and vegetables. Each army commander will report at what time of to-day or to-night he will be ready to send back such a train, and hold it at a point convenient to move toward Ringgold, but not dispatch it until further orders.

II. Major-General Howard will continue to reconnoiter well forward; also down along the ridge about as far south as La Fayette. General Stanley will examine roads toward Dirt Town, and General Cox will do the same, but the armies will not move until further orders based on more complete intelligence of the plans and designs of the enemy.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Ship's Gap, Ga., Numbers 94. October 17, 1864.

The armies will move to-morrow against the enemy, supposed to be at or near Summerville, as follows:

I. The Army of the Tennessee will move through La Fayette and by the direct road to Sumerville, followed by its ammunition train and ambulances.

II. The Army of the Cumberland will cross Ship's Gap and take the road to Summerville to the left and east of that followed by the Army of the Tennessee, keeping abreast of and in communication with it.

III. The Army of the Ohio will move from Villanow down the Rome road, across to Subligna, and thence by the best road to Summerville; it may take its whole train.

IV. General Garrard's cavalry will press the rear of the enemy from the direction of Dirt Town, and the brigade of Colonel Watkins' cavalry will do the same from the direction of La Fayette, each bearing in mind where their infantry supports are. If possible the cavalry should reach and destroy the wagon transportation of the enemy.

V. The Armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee should have from three to five days' rations in their haversacks, and beef on the hoof, and send their trains down by way of Subligna and Gover's Pass.

VI. Rome will be our next point of supply.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Ship's Gap, Ga., October 17, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

Orders of the day for to-morrow, October 18, 1864:

This army will march, starting at daylight; the Fourth Army Corps will lead and the Fourteenth Corps will follow.

The route of march will be that indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 94, headquarters Military Divisiion of the Mississippi, a copy of

