
naula bridge, at 6 a. m. to-morrow, October 18, supplied with sixty rouds of ammunition per man and one day's rations. Let there be no failure about it to report promptly.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. Near Villanow, Ga., October 17, 1864.

It has been observed with regret by the general commanding that the practice of straggling and plundering is on the increase in this command. In order to prevent this and to promote the efficiency and discipline of the corps, it is ordered -

I. No man will be allowed to leave the ranks, except by authority of his company commander, and then only to attend to the necessities of nature or to get water, and then will leave his gun with a comrade in the ranks.

The practice of stopping at houses is especially forbidden, and any officer or man found in any building without full authority will be placed under arrest or turned over to the provost-marshal most convenient in the column.

2. A field officer (or acting field officer) will march in rear of each regiment, the company commander in rear of his company, and an officer in rear of each battery, whose duty it will be to see that every man keeps his place in the ranks.

3. At every halt arms will be stacked, and should any of the men be absent their names will at once be reported to the regimental commanders for punishment.

4. A strong rear guard will march in rear of each regiment, a provost guard, under the brigade provost-marshal, in rear of each brigade, and the DIVISION provost-marshal, with his guard, in rear of each DIVISION, to see that this order is carried strictly into effect.

II. DIVISION commanders may make such details for foraging parties as they may deem expedient, but the parties will be in charge of a competent officer, who will be held strictly accounatable for the conduct of the men. the strength of the details will be left discretionary with the DIVISION commanders, who will see that they do not move in advance of his command.

III. No one but the driver will be allowed to ride in any ambulance or wagon without written authority from the proper medical or other competent authority, and all parties found riding in violation of this paragraph will be made to walk and reported for punishment. The manifest necessity of the most rigid enforcement of this order must be evident to all interested in the efficiency of this corps. All officers, and especially officers on staff duty, are charged with its execution, and will use every effort officially and personally in seeing that its provisions are carried out, both in spirit and letter.

By command of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

