
NASHVILLE, October 17, 1864 - 10. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch from Ship's Gap, 5 p. m. [16th], just received, Schofield, whom I placed in command of the two DIVISIONS, Wagner's and Morgan's, was to move up Lookout Valley this a. m. to itercept Hood should he be marching for Bridgeport. I will order him to join you with the two DIVISIONS and reconstruct the road as soon as possible. Will also organize the guards for posts and block-houses. The latter is a difficult undertaking, as several of the regiments on that duty are clamorous to be sent home to be mustered out of service, and new regiments and recruits do not arrive rapidly enough to relieve them. I am accomplishing work, however, as fast as possible. Mower and Wilson have arrived and are on their way to join you. I hope you will adopt Grant's idea of turning Wilson loose rather than undertake the plan of a march with the whole force through Georgia to the sea, inasmuch as General Grant cannot co-operate with you as at first arranged.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 17, 1864 - 8 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Sherman was this morning in Ship's Gap, in Taylor's Ridge, watching Hood, who was north of him, and threatening equally Bridgeport, the great trestle near Whiteside's, and the Tennrssee crossing, at Caperton's Ferry. From Atlanta I hear that they are plentifully supplied, foraging parties being able to supply the garrison entirely, bringing in from one trip 400 wagon-loads of subsistences stores. Railroad is all right from Atlanta to Resaca.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

WASHINGTON, October 17, 1864 - 10 a. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Please advise this Department directly and constantly of the state of affairs in your vicinity.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 17, 1864 - 3 p. m.

(Received 1. 30 p. m. 18th.)

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 10 a. m. is received. Hood's main force was about La Fayette last night, and Sherman at Ship's Gap; he is probably attacking Hood to-day. I have troops distributed so as to effectually protect this place, Bridgeport, and the intermediate road, and meet every attempt of Hood to cross the Tennessee. Report of yesterday that Hood was approaching Carpenter's Ferry was a mistake. He had not crossed Lookout Mountain last night. Our men are repairing railroad below Tunnel Hill, which is now occupied by our troops. I will keep you advised of the state of affairs.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

