
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 17, 1864.

Major General John M. SCHOFIELD, Chattanooga:

Your dispatch of [1. 30] this a. m. is received. Your disposition of the troops as mentioned therein is very satisfactory.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS, Nashville:

The report of rebels passing Deer Head Cove yesterday was a mistake. Some of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry were there at 10 a. m. and were probably mistaken for the enemy. I have no additional news of the enemy. Hope to hear from General Sherman again this evening and learn definitely what course, if any, Hood has taken from La Fayette.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 17, 1864 - 10 a. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Upon a second reading of the dispatch concerning Hood's movements, a copy of which I sent you, I am satisfied that Caperton's Ferry is the point intended instead of Carpenter's Ferry. Caperto's Ferry is four miles south of Stevenson. Deer Head Cove is in Lookout Valley, six miles south of Trenton. I think it would be better to re-enforce Stevenson with your troops, with an outpost at Caperton's Ferry to inform you of the arrival of the enemy at that point. If this report is true, it may be a feint to draw off troops from Whiteside trestle and Bridgeport, both of which points should be held secure. And you should send scouts into the mountain to observe and inform you of Hood's movements.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 17, 1864 - 2 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

You will carry out the direction given you in Sherman's dispatch, copy of which I just received from you. * Hold yourself in readiness, with that portion of Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS now with you, to join Sherman as soon as you can hear definitely where Hood's army is, but notify me before you move the troops.

THOMAS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 17, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

My scouts from this place yesterday went up the Chattanooga Valley to the end of McLemore's Cove, and scouted along to the foot of

---------------

*See October 16, 5 p. m., p. 311.

---------------

