
CHATTANOOGA, October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Bridgeport:

Unless you receive information of a movement of the enemy toward the railroad or river move by rail to this place with two birgades at daylight in the morning. On your arrival here troops will be sent to Bridgeport to relieve the other brigade, which will then also move to this place. On arrival here prepare to march at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 17, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have just received the following from cavalry sent out this a. m.:

I am now at the Deer Head Cove; was on top of Sand Mountain. I can't learn of any enemy marching north of Lookout Mountain. I met Captain Smith, of our regiment, near Trenton this morning. He was eight miles below Lebanon, and reports no enemy on the north side of Lookout Mountain, but two corps of infantry and one DIVISION cavalry marching toward Ringgold, or that direction. I left Whiteside's at 4 o'clock this morning.

J. FRANK MILLER,

Captain, Company K, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

I think that Captain Miller is mistaken in the direction the enemy have gone. My information here is that they have gone to Talladega.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second DIVISION, Fourth Army Corps.

BRIDGEPORT, October 17, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Two gun-boats are now lying at Caperton's Ferry. Another boat will leave here in half an hour for Decatur and will report any information they can get of the enemy's movements. This a. m., before leaving Whiteside's, cavalry scouts were sent down the south side of the river with orders to report here, or at Stevenson, any information they obtain of the enemy.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 17, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

The following telegram is just received:

WHITESIDE'S October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

I sent the cavalry you asked for at daylight; it is moving by the road through Trenton, there to Bridgeport. My scouts from Lebanon were at Deer Head Cove at 10 o'clock and must have been mistaken for the enemy.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

