
ATLANTA, October 2, 1864.

General COX,

Decatur, Ga.:

Make all preparation to send into Atlanta tents and baggage, and to start for Chattahoochee bridge on short notice. Send word and recall that DIVISION at Flat Rock. Hood has evidently crossed Chattahoochee with two corps and left one on this side of the Chattahoochee River near Campbellton. I propose to attack the force on the other side.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECATUR, October 2, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

Your dispatch received, and preparations will be immediately made accordingly.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISIONS, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Flat Rock, Ga., October 2, 1864-12 m.

Captain THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to inform you that the DIVISION has arrived at this place. We have met no force of the enemy. A citizen living here informed me that the force that was encamped at this place has fallen back to Stockbridge. I also received information from a boy that the rebels are moving toward Jonesborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

TULLAHOMA, October 2, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

I arrived here at 6 p. m. to-day. Rousseau had already gone to Nashville to organize his infantry and cavalry, and will will start to-morrow for Columbia, in which direction Forrest was moving this morning. He will follow Forrest by that road with his command, Steedman commanding the infantry and Croxton the cavalry. I have ordered Morgan to move to-day to Athens, for by so doing he moves directly on Forrest's line of communications, and covers the construction parties on the railroad between Decatur and Athens. As soon as he can get supplies he will move from Athens to Bainbridge for the purpose of getting Forrest's bridge, whilst Rousseau pushes him by way of Columbia. If by that move I can run Forrest off toward Florence, or farther down the river, I have great hopes of capturing many of his men. Granger reports to-night that Buford withdrew from Huntsville yesterday about 11 a. m. on the Athens road and attacked the fort at Athens, which

