
RINGGOLD, GA., October 17, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In compliance with an order from Major-General Schofield I have the honor to report copies of the orders under which I acted and moved on the 13th and 14th instant.

I received the following dispatches from Chattanooga on the 13th instant:

Colonel HAYS:

You will hold your command in readiness to fall back on this place should you learn positively that large forces are moving on you; will scout the country thoroughly and learn the movements of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I sent a dispatch to Major Moe giving all the information I had in relation to the movements of the enemy, and asked him if re- enforcements would be sent to Tunnel Hill. I received the following answer:

General Thomas directs that no troops be sent from here. Is there any rebel infantry about Dalton?

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the morning of the 14th, at 1 a. m., I received the following dispatch from Chattanooga:

The general directs that you keep scouts well out on both sides of the railroad, Tunnel Hill to do the same, and if you are threatened by any large force that you fall back toward Chattanooga. Please send this dispatch to Tunnel Hill.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the morning of the 14th instant the regiment at Tunnel Hill, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Poteet, fell back from there and arrived at this place about sun-up. Lieutenant-Colonel Poteet informed me that the enemy were in the immediate vicinity of Tunnel Hill when he left there at 3 a. m. After the arrival of Lieutenant- Colonel Poteet I sent a dispatch to Major Moe informing him of the evacuation of Tunnel Hill, and asked for instructions; a short time after I sent the dispatch the operator informed me that the line to Chattanooga was down or out of order, and that a rebel operator had been on the line. I received no answer to the dispatch. At 10 a. m. I ordered my regiment, together with Lieutenant-Colonel Poteet's, to fall back from here to Chattanooga. We arrived at Chattanooga at 4 p. m. From all the information I could obtain felt it my duty to acts as I did.

Very respectfully, yours &amp;c.,

W. H. HAYS,

Colonel Tenth Kentucky.

DECATUR, October 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

With regard to Carpenter's Ferry, I simply forwarded to the general commanding the information precisely as I received it from Captain

