
NASHVILLE, October 17, 1864.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Ten Miles East of Florence, via Pulaski:

The Ninth and Tenth Regiments Indiana Cavalry and the Tenth and Twelfth Regiments Tennessee Cavalry have been ordered to report to you, to assist in guarding the north bank of the Tennessee River and prevent the enemy crossing.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MOUND CITY, ILL., October 17, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. Will endeavor to comply with your request to patrol the river as far as Eastport.

J. A. GREER,

Lieutenant-Commander.
HEADQUARTERS,Lexington, Ky., October 17, 1864. (Received 12. 50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Meredith telegraphs as follows from Paducah: u

I have been informed, by what I consider reliable authority, that I am to be attacked here soon; that General Lyon is on the north side of the Cumberland; has batteries upon said river ro prevent any boats passing; has taken Eddville. Colonel Chenoweth, as soon as re-enforced by Forrest, will move upon Mayfield and this place, which is expected very soon. I have evacuated Mayfield. Forrest has a large number of 10-pounder Parrott guns. I must have re- enforcements, for I intend holding this district to the last.

I cannot re-enforce General Meredith. General Hooker says he has no troops to spare. Four regiments have been sent from this commnad to Nashville and 6,000 colored troops to other points. I need more troops. Can any be had? The term of service of four of my Kentucky regiments expires this month.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 17, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

There are no available troops to re-enforce Paducah, unless sent from your district or from General Washburn's, from Memphis. If those sent by General Washburn up the Tennessee River can be reached they may be used temporarily for that purpose. The assignment of General Meredith was not deemed judicious by the War Department. The place seems to require a man of more military experience.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

