
III. The Army of the Cumberland will mass near Summerville ready to move in any direction.

IV. Trains will be brought up to points convenient to the rear of each army near to the fords of the Chattanooga and near corn- gields.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, near Trion Factory, October 18, 1864.

General DAVIS,

Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you have foraging parties organized in each brigade of your corps, under charge of the brigade commissary of subsistence, to procure supplies from the country. Cattle (except milch cows) will be taken, also hogs, sheep, bacon in smoke-houses, potatoes, and corn. The acting commissary of subsistence and quartermaster must give receipts for property taken. Three days' rations must last the men four days. Please notify your command so they may make calculations accordingly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTES ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Five miles north of Summerville, Ga., October 18, 1864 - 11. 55 p. m.

Orders of the day for the Army of the Cumberland for to-morrow, October 19:

This army will march for Summerville, starting at daylight. Major- General Davis' corps will lead and Brigadier-General Wood's corps wil follow. The route of march will be via Penn's Ford, and General Davis will senf his pioneers in advnace of his column to said ford, on Chattanooga Creek, for the purpose of making a bridge for the passage of infantry. Such trains as are with the troops now will accompany them to-morrow, and they will move in the order in which the corps march.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Penn's Ford is on the road that leads by these headqarters. A staff offcer from here will point it out.

ATLANTA, October 18, 1864 - 1. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have just received Montgomery papers of the 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th, and paper of 13th says that Hood will evidently make Blue Mountain his base, as everything is now going in that direction. That of the 14th says:

We suspect Hood will make Blue Mountain his base for the fall and winter and hold himself in a position Sherman's rear and keep his railroad communications disabled.

