
Granger had reoccupied by my orders with the Seventy-THIRD Indiana, Colonel Wade, but made no impression; repeated his attack this morning at 6 o'clock, and was handsomely repulsed. He then withdrew toward Elk River. Major McBath, with 200 Second Tennessee Cavalry, followed him. Granger does not report by which of the roads from Athens to Elk River the enemy withdrew, but I am inclined to think that it was the Elkton road, for the purpose of concentration and a final withdrawal. I will get to Nashville to-morrow and commence disposing the troops for the security of the road at once and finish as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 2, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

The enemy passed Huntsville without attacking, and telegraph is again working that far. Our General Morgan, with his DIVISION, has pushed on toward Decatur to relieve Granger, and prevent Forrest from crossing the Tennessee without a thrashing. Some cavalry still on the line of the railroad between here and Decatur, but doing no damage; only covering retreat of main body. Lines working well to Knoxville and Atlanta.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 2, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY,

On Train:

My command reached here at 8 p. m. yesterday; the road has been but slightly torn up, once at a point twelve miles from Stevenson and again six miles from Huntsville. The forces threatening Huntsville left yesterday morning toward Athens. From all I can learn the number was not large. I am satisfied that Forrest himself was not here. Athens and Pulaski road no doubt is badly torn up. I found the Huntsville and Stevenson road poorly protected. I hold my trains here. Am issuing rations to the command. The balance of THIRD Brigade has not arrived. I do not feet at liberty to move from here until I hear from you.

Respectfully,

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WHITESIDE'S, TENN., October 2, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN:

Your dispatch of this a. m. received. The major-general commanding desires you to remain at Huntsville until you receive further orders from him. You will assist in protecting the working parties while repairing the railroad during you stay in Huntsville. The THIRD Brigade of your DIVISION will join you to-day. After the brigade joins you the major-

