
The Fourth DIVISION, Brigadier General W. W. Belknap commanding, will follow the THIRD.

The First DIVISION, Brigadier General J. W. Fuller commanding, will follow the Fourth.

Ordnance and headquarters trains will move in rear of the DIVISIONS to which they are attached, as previously ordered.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Gover's Gap, October 18, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

SIR: My column reached the east side of the gap at 4. 30 p. m. I have now one DIVISION on the WEST side covering the Summerville and La Fayette roads, and one on the east side covering the Rome and Dirt Town roads. The advance of Garrard's cavalry reached the gap shortly after we did. We met no resistance but some cavalry vedettes, which fled at our approach. My advanced DIVISION has marched twenty-two miles to-day. I sent Major Wells, of my staff, with a regiment, over the mountain near Subligna to communicate with General Stanley's column there. The rebels dug away part of the road in the gap where it runs on a shelf scarped in the steep mountain side. I hope to have it repaired before morning; the cavalry of the rebels retreated on the Rome road.

Awaiting your further orders, I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

By telegraph, just received from Sherman, at Ship's Gap, dated yesterday, 2 p. m., I learn that Hood is falling back south, and that he intended to pursue him this morning. Morgan's and Wagner's DIVISIONS, of my army, started from Chattanooga this a. m. to join Sherman en route. Croxton and Granger report the enemy in the same position on the south side of the Tennessee, from Decatur to Eastport. Colonel Wright, chief engineer military railroads, reports from Chattanooga that he has a force of 1,500 men at work repairing railroad between Chattanooga and Atlanta, and will have the road in running order in a few days. Sherman has also ordered Washburn, through me, to again attempt the capture of Eastport. I have requested Admiral Porter to co-operate with Washburn with his gun-boats and an iron-clad.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Halleck.)

