
WASHINGTON, October 18, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

We are in immediate want of railroad iron to repair the line between Chattanooga and Atlanta. Three thousand tons are now on the way to Nashville, but, in order to expedite matters, I would suggest, with your permission, that the rails be taken up on the Trenton branch. If you should decide to permit this to be done please communicate with Mr. Wright, at Chattanooga, and be good enough to answer me here.

D. C. McCALLUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch has been received. I forward you the following telegram from Colonel Wright, giving his views of the way in which the road can be put in running order in the shortest time, with which I agree:

CHATTANOOGA, October 18, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Altogether twenty-four miles of railroad are destroyed. I have 1,500 men at work repairing, more than enough to do the work, if the supply of material holds out. I depend upon Mr. Anderson sending forward as rapidly as possible all the rails at Nashville, with chairs and spikes, and also to pick up and send me some miles of new iron distributed along the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to relay that track. This can be replaced after the break on the Atlanta road is repaired. The Trenton branch cannot be made available in time, because it must be repaired before it can be taken up, and this will take too long. Everything is working well.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 18, 1864 - 11. 30 p. m.

(Received 1. 45 a. m. 19th.)

Major Thomas T. ECKERT,

Washington:

From the operator at Tunnel Hill I hear that the enemy has succeeded in slipping by Sherman without a fight, and is retreating south as rapidly as possible, Sherman pursuing. Telegraph will be open to Atlanta by noon to-morrow unless again cut by the rebels.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

CHATTANOOGA, October 18, 1864.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Colonel Wright does not need the guard at Wauhatchie at present. There are 3,000 men in six battalions arrived from camp detachments, officered with officers from the front, which I have posted at Forts

23 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

