
Creighton, Phelps, Lytle, Mihalotzy, Rocky, and Crutchfield. I deem it prudent to retain them for the present, as I have sent Fifteenth Kentucky and FIFTY-first Indiana to Bridgeport and the Fifteenth Wisconsin to Whiteside's. If you wish these troops to go to the front at once I will order them to join Schofield on the La Fayette road to-morrow. Am much pleased to have Colonel Carlton; he is just the man for the place.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

WHITESIDE'S, October 18, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have just received the following report from Valley Head from Captain O'Reily, commanding scout:

We entered Valley Head via Stevens' Gap this a. m., and found enemy's pickets, about twenty strong. We drove them three miles, they contesting the ground. I learned that 200 were at Valley Head last night and again this a. m. ; they were Wetherspoon's and Davenport's men, and one company claiming to belong to Bragg. Not thinking it advisable to enter the mountain passes leading to Broomtown Valley with this force in my rear I am falling back. The rebel soldiers report that 35,000 are about to enter this valley.

Captain O'Reily is a first-rate soldier and reliable man.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

BRIDGEPORT, October 18, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have information from gun-boats that scouts sent out by General Granger from Decatur report a force of the enemy moving this way from the west; also that the enemy is picketing the south bank of the river between Caperton's Ferry and Guntersville.

L. P. BRADLEY,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 18, 1864 - 12 m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Cavalry just in from Caperton's Ferry; scouted the south side of river to Raccoon Creek; bring a report that a force of the enemy, with 800 wagons, is moving toward Guntersville from the south.

L. P. BRADLEY,

Brigadier-General.

ONE MILE EAST OF FLORENCE,

October 18, 1864 - 5 p. m. (Via Pulaski.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Scouting party, five miles beyond Florence yesterday, report no enemy. About seventy-five between this place and Pulaski. Will hunt them down. I am depending on the Tenth Indiana and Ninth, from Decatur to the north of Elk River; have heard nothing from them.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

