
LEXINGTON, October 18, 1864. - 2 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

General Meredith telegraphs for re-enforcement in Western Kentucky. I have none to send him. General Halleck telegraphs if the force sent by you up the Tennessee River can be recalled I may use it temporarily. If possible, send assistance to General Meredith.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

MEMPHIS, October 18, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD:

Indications are this morning that Forrest and Dick Taylor are organizing a large force to operate in Kentucky, although Memphis still may be the point. Forces are certainly being hurried up form the south by both. It is supposed that they intend to go for General C. C. Washburn and Hatch first, if opportunity offer.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Washburn.)

SUMMERVILLE, GA., October 19, 1864 - 12 noon.

(Received 2 p. m. 21st.)

Major General W. H. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Hood has retreated rapidly by all roads leading south. Our advance columns are now at Alpine and Melville Post-Office. I shall pursue him as far as Gaylesville. The enemy will not venture toward Tennessee, except around by Decatur. I propose to send the Fourth Corps back to General Thomas, and leave him with that corps, the garrisons and new troops, to defend the line of the Tennessee, and, with the rest, push into the heart of Georgia, and come out at Savannah, destroying all the railroads of the State. The break at Big Shanty is repaired, and that about Dalton should be in ten days. We find abundance of forage in the country.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Summerville, Ga, October 19, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: At some more leisure time I will record the facts relating to Hood's attack on my communications. He has partially succeeded from the superior mobility of is columns, moving without food or wagons. I now have him turned back and am pursuing him till he will not dare turn up Will's Valley without having me at his rear and the Tennessee at his front. My opinion is he will go to Blue Mountain, the terminus of the Selma and Talladega road, where he and Beauregard will concoct more mischief. We must not be on the defensive, and I now consider myself authorized to execute my plan to destroy the rail-

