
but little forage. I propose to abandon Atlanta and the railroad back to Chattanooga, and sally forth to ruing Georgia and bring up on the seashore. Make all dispositions accordingly. I will to down the Coosa until sure that Hood has gone to Blue Mountain.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Summerville, Ga., October 19, 1864.

Colonel L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster, Chattanooga:

Go in person to superintend the repairs of the railroad, and make all orders in my name that will expedite its completion. I want it finished to bring back to Chattanooga the sick, wounded, and surplus trash. On the 1st of November I want nothing in front of Chattanooga save what we can use as food and clothing and haul in our wagons. There is plenty of corn in the country, and we only want forage for the posts. I allow ten days to do all this, by which time I expect to be near Atlanta.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Summerville, Ga., Numbers 97. October 19, 1864.

The armies will move to-morrow on Gaylesville, as follows:

I. The Army of the Tennessee and General Schofield via Alpine, and the Armies of the Ohio and Cumberland by the direct road. All the columns will be well closed up and in good order, halting as the head of the leading column reaches Gaylesville, and selecting good ground for camps.

II. The cavalry will push on to Little River and beyond, securing the bridge, if any.

III. Headquarters will be near Gaylesville, and army commanders will make prompt reports of appearances of the enemy.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Summerville, Ga., Numbers 98. October 19, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel Willard Warner, acting inspector-general on the staff of this military DIVISION, having been appointed colonel of the One hundred and eightieth Ohio, is hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters, and will proceed to Nashville and assume the command of his new regiment.

