
general commanding desires you to move your command in the direction of Athens, and if the enemy is there more upon the place and drive him away. Send back all the trains but one, which you can keep for your own convenience, and send back your orders for supplies unless you are fully provided for at Hunstville. We are on the way to Tullahoma where we shall stay to-night.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, October 2, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY,

A. A. G., May. General Thomas' Staff, Bridgeport and Stevenson:

Your dispatch just received. The THIRD Brigade just arrived. Working party on the Decatur railroad will probably complete the road to the junction to-day. The road from thence to Athens I am in hopes will also be completed. If so I shall move with my whole command by rail, understanding that to be your order. Please answer if I misunderstood.

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 2, 1864-1 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN:

The major-general wishes you to move with your DIVISION up the road toward Athens, not waiting for a completion of the railroad, but going before so as to cover the working parties in their operations. Can you get rations at Huntsville, or will you send back for them?

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 2, 1864.

Captain RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I understand your last dispatch to move by railroad up to obstructions and then to cover working parties toward Athens. This I shall at once do unless you otherwise order. Plenty of bread and coffee here, short everything else. I will send the train back as directed.

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 2, 1864.

General MORGAN:

The general wishes you to move on to Athens without reference to railroad being repaired as you go. That can be done after you have passed on. Your advance will cover working parties necessarily. If you find the enemy at Athens he wishes you to drive them out.

RAMSEY,

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General.

