HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Alpine October 19, 1864 - 3. 15 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The head of column Seventeenth Corps has reached this point. The Seventeenth Corps will encamp one mile beyond Alpine, the Fifteenth Corps about half a mile to the rear. Colonel Watkins, who moved on, on my arrival here, reports indications of the enemy's moving to the right, taking a road about one mile beyond this place. I think the enemy went down Shinbone. Valley. Colonel Watkins will reconnoiter and report as soon as possible. The inclosed sketch* will indicate my position and this locality.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Summerville, October 19, 1864.

General HOWARD:

I have received your note of 3. 30 by your brother. My orders are for all the armies to move on Gaylesville, on the supposition that the enemy has gone to Blue Pond. If the Blue Pond road does not carry you more than three miles WEST of Gaylesville, and if the enemy has not turned up the pass you lay down as Stanifer's Pass you may follow it. Gaylesville will be the point of confluence for the different columns. Cox will be there early, and I hope Garrard is there now. It seems to me that it would be absurd for Hood to turn toward the Tennessee with us on his trail before he gets to Gadsden, which is twenty miles below Little River. That is the point where we will first find his infantry. Still, if I am mistaken, send me word across to Melville Post-Office, where I can turn my troops. Schofield has 10,000 men and is ordered to follow you, but I am not certain I can get my orders to him. The Coast Survey map makes the roads from Summerville and Alpine come together this side of Gaylesville. If you find this the case and reach the point common before Cox gets there you had better await his coming, and, if possible, work a way on his right to some good point near Gaylesville. If Watkins develops anything positive that I should know don't fail to send it to me. I will ride to-morrow down the main road past Melville Post-Office to Gaylesville.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Alpine, October 19, 1864 - 5. 45 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Every trail indicates that the enemy have gone toward Blue Pond. I had sent Colonel Watkins to follow the trail of Cheatham's corps in the direction of Gaylesville before I received your order. I inclose his report. *

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

