HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 19, 1864.

Major SAMUEL MAHON,

Commanding Seventh Iowa Infantry:

MAJOR: You will report at the upper Etowah River bridge with your command and the Second Iowa Infantry, which will be ordered to report to you, at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the men to be armed and equipped with one day's rations in haversacks. You will act as guards to forage train.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin:

W. B. SPALDING,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 19, 1864.

Captain John A. DUCKWORTH,

Commanding Second Iowa Infantry:

CAPTAIN: You will report with your command to Major Samuel Mahon, Seventh Iowa Infantry, at 6 a. m. to-morrow; men to be supplied with one day's rations and to be armed and equipped.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin:

E. B. SPALDING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 257. Near Alpine, Ga., October 19, 1864.

It having been reported at these headquarters that much of the plundering and straggling which occurs along the column is perpetrated by enlisted men attached to the different trains and the cannoneers of batteries, it is hereby ordered that all guards, teamsters, attaches, &amp;c., connected with the trains of the corps, and all batterymen shall remain in the immediate vicinity of their or battery under penalty of arrest and punishment if found off the road. Train guards will be required to carry their arm sand equipments, and under no consideration will be men's guns be hauled in the wagons. Officers in charge of trains and batteries will be held to the strictest accountability that the above is carried out in their respective commands. Its violation will entail disgrace not only on the party apprehended, but upon his commanding officer in an equal degree. No firing under any circumstances will be tolerated. Men will be punished with the utmost severity when found guilty of it without proper orders.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General W. W. Belknap, commanding Fourth DIVISION, will have the advance to-morrow morning, and will move his command promptly at 7. 30 o'clock on the direct road in front.

The First DIVISION, Brigadier General J. W. Fuller commanding, will follow the Fourth DIVISION.

The Artillery Brigade, Major Powell commanding, will follow the First DIVISION, but Major Powell will detach a battery of rifled pieces to move in rear of the advance brigade of the Fourth DIVISION, the bat-

