
tery selected to be prepared to fall into its position in the column as the DIVISION takes the road.

The THIRD DIVISION, Brigadier General M. D. Leggett commanding, will follow the Artillery Brigade.

By command of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

[ROWLAND COX,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Melville Post-Office, October 19, 1864 - 12. 45 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have reached this point with no opposition, only a few men on the road. The rebels had cavalry pickets last night about four miles this side of Summerville, but hey moved off this morning. A long column of infantry came this way day before yesterday and Wheeler yesterday. At Melville Post-Office there are three roads - one to the Alabama road, one to Gaylesville, and one to Alpine. The infantry moved on both roads, the Gaylesville and Alpine (so reported), and the cavalry on all. On the Gaylesville road a road goes off toward the south to Blue Point. Some took that road. I will move out on the Gaylesville road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi.

My column is close up on the cavalry and will camp at Melville agreeably to directions received this morning.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 2nd CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,On the Gaylesville Road, October 19, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: After leaving Melville Post-Office a mile I struck Wheeler's rear guard and have been skirmishing ever since. Melville Post-Office is thirteen miles from Gaylesville and I got to within five miles by dark. The roads were obstructed and I had to fight dismounted for seven miles. Wheeler's cavalry has been pressing on this road all day and some little infantry. Rumor says that the rebel infantry left Gaylesville this a. m., but I could not learn their route. If you will send a brigade up to my camp to-morrow I will leave all pack animals, &c., and move on early in the morning. The road to Rome crosses the river where eI am in camp. I send you some couriers to communicate with me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

