
[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1864 - 8. 30 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi.

My command is encamped - one DIVISION a mile beyond Melville on the Gaylesville road, the other at Melville. I have informed General Garrard that I will press a brigade to the front in the morning unless orders from headquarters Military DIVISION of the MISSISSIPPI direct otherwise.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Ohio.

NASHVILLE, October 19, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have not heard from General Sherman to-day, but presume he is pursuing Hood in his retreat, as he informed me he intended to do yesterday. The railroad between Chattanooga and Atlanta will be repaired and in running order by the close of next week. Telegraph will be through by to-morrow noon. I have seen officers to-day just from Atlanta who report a sufficient supply of subsistence stores and forage. On the whole, everything is very favorable.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Halleck.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Summerville, Ga., October 19, 1864.

General G. H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Make a report to me as soon as possible of what troops you now have in Tennessee, what are expected and how disposed. I propose with the Army of the Tennessee, the Ohio, and two corps of yours, to sally forth and make a hole in Georgia and Alabama that will be hard to mend. Hood has little or no baggage, and will escape me. He cannot invade Tennessee except to the WEST of Huntsville. I want the gun-boats and what troops are on the Tennessee to be must active up at the head of navigation. I want General Wilson and General Mower with me, and would like General McCook's DIVISION made up to 2,500 men mounted. I will send back into Tennessee the Fourth Corps, all dismounted cavalry, all sick and wounded, and all incumbrance whatever, except what I haul in our wagons, and will probably, about November 1, break up the railroad and bridges, destroy Atlanta, and make a break for Mobile, Savannah, or Charleston. I want you to remain in Tennessee and take command of all my DIVISION not actually present with me. Hood's army may be set down at 40,000 of all arms fit for duty. He may follow me or turn against you. If you can defend the line of the Tennessee in my absence of three months, it is all I ask.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

