
but do all things possible to catch and cut off the rebels. If you get information which makes another course better take it. I leave all to your judgment; only catch the rebels.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

COVINGTON, October 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General McLEAN:

On arriving at Lair's Station last evening I found track obstructed by big timbers and ties. Several shots were fired into the train before it had stopped. The soldiers in train returned the fire, which was then kept up briskly for several minutes on both sides. The soldiers getting out of a munitions, the track being obstructed ahead, and fearing we would be cut off in the rear, I gave orders for train to back up to Boyd's Station. Several passengers who got off the train were left, among them was Provost-Marshal-General Blair. One soldier slightly wounded in face. The rebels were crossing the river when we arrived at Lair's, and fired on us from both sides. The cars would have been burned had the rebels got possession of them. The rebels numbered from 60 to 100.

H. H. WILLIAMS.

SUMMERVILLE, GA., October 20, 1864 - 11. 30 a. m.

(Received 3 p. m. 21st.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I ruled out the sanitary agent of Indiana from Atlanta for the reason that I have excluded all citizens. Recent events demonstrate the wisdom of my action. I allow them two agents of the U. S. Sanitary Commission, who, with the assistance of our surgeons, can distribute fairly all the fruits of charity that reach Atlanta. Assure Governor Morton that my action has been fair and uniform, and applies to all State agencies. Convey to Jeff. Davis my personal and official thanks for abolishing cotton and substituting corn and sweet potatoes in the South. These facilitate our military plans much, for food and forage are abundant.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., Numbers 99. October 20, 1864.

The orders for to-morrow are as follows:

I. Brigadier-General Cox will move and take position near the point on the Chattanooga where the road to Cedar Bluff crosses it, with a strong advance guard at Cedar Bluff.

II. Major-General Howard will advance and take position on the main Alabama road, some four or five miles toward Blue Pond, with a strong advance guard at the crossing of Little River.

III. Major-General Stanley will advance his rear corps to near the position now occupied by the Seventeenth Corps, and the other will remain as at present.

24 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

