
STEVENSON, October 2, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN:

Am here on the way to Nashville, but will stay at Tullahoma until 3 o'clock to-morrow morning. Send dispatches to Tullahoma till that time, and afterward to Nashville.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 2, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General MORGAN:

We hear that Forrest is moving toward Columbia from Spring Hill, where he went from Lynchburg. General Rousseau will follow him to- morrow by the Columbia road, and I believe will be able to drive him toward his crossing-place, at or near Bainbridge. I therefore want General Morgan to take all General Granger's wagons at Hunstville and Decatur to haul his supplies and move direct on Bainbridge, General Granger furnishing him with competent guides. General Morgan will secure, if possible, the crossing at Bainbridge, and strike Forrest as he falls back before Rousseau. General Granger will hold the road to Stevenson and the posts of Decatur, Huntsville, and Athens securely, and place under General Morgan as many of his best cavalry as he can spare. He will also keep the country north of Huntsville well scouted to detect any movements of Forrest toward the east threatening his railroad. General Granger will also see that supplies are furnished sufficient for all the forces which may be expected in that vicinity. General Milroy has been ordered to keep thoroughly posted as to the movements of the enemy and report promptly all reliable information he may get.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Granger and Rousseau.)

HUNTSVILLE, October 2, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Whiteside's:

The enemy left our immediate front yesterday about 2 p. m. This force no doubt began to withdraw from our neighborhood early in the morning, leaving Buford's DIVISION to occupy our attention, going in the direction of Athens, in which direction firing was heard yesterday morning, and it is said this morning. I recommended general, who arrived here last evening at 7 p. m., to send on the construction train to repair road to Decatur, which I thought was but little damaged, and I thought would be repaired this morning, and move his force to Athens, where he could have been at 8 a. m. to-day. General, however, still believes Forrest threatens the Nashville and Chattanooga road in person, with only Buford's DIVISION here. He will await your orders. Forrest was certainly at Fayetteville on the morning of the 27th. It appears to me that he would long since have struck the Nashville and Chattanooga road if he had not changed his mind and re-

