
IV. Brigadier-General Elliott will establish a good courier-line from Gaylesville back to Rome, and will reconnoiter in force through Blue Pond, well toward Gadsden.

V. All the armies will get up their trains, and forage on the country liberally. General Cox will make a bridge across Chattanooga near his camp, and General Stanley will strengthen and improve the covered bridge on the upper Rome road.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Summerville, Ga., October 20, 1864.

The troops of the corps will move to-day in the following order:

General Baird will complete the issue of three days' rations with the least possible delay and will move immediately on the road taken by the Fourth Army Corps.

General Carlin will move his DIVISION in the rear of General Baird. The trains which accompany the troops will move in the rear of the column, in the order in which the DIVISIONS march.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jeff. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILIARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., October 20, 1864.

General SLOCUM,

Atlanta, Ga.:

I have your dispatch of the 18th. Use all your energies to send to the rear everything not needed for the grand march. I will take your corps along. We will need 1,500,000 rations of bread, coffee, sugar, and salt, 500,000 rations of salt meat, and all else should be shipped away. All sick and wounded should be sent to Resaca and Chattanooga as soon as the road is open. General Thomas and staff will remain in Tennessee. I will take two of the corps of the Army of the Cumberland and send General Stanley's back. I want to be near Atlanta, and ready by November 1. Keep out strong foraging parties and keep the bridges well secured. Have the lightest pontoon bridges and trains ready. All else will be sent to the rear or destroyed. The enemy has retreated rapidly before us down the Coosa toward Gadsden.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, Ga., October 20, 1864.

A foraging expedition under the command of Colonel Dustin, to consist of 500 wagons, will start from this city at 6 a. m. to- morrow morning. Captain Whittelsey, acting chief quartermaster, will see that the

