
headquarters of the army should be furnished with proper passes, to be approved by the commanding officer of the expedition. The commanding officer of the expedition should have at least one company of cavalry to be used as orderlies by himself and the quartermaster in charge. An officer of the quartermaster's department should accompany every thirty wagons, well instructed as to manner to loading his train and doubling up the same both in the road and in the field. A guard shoulf all streams to prevent teamsters from watering their mules while trains are moving. Detachments from each train should be taken every day while foraging in order to secure services of officers and wagon-masters in loading trains. The pioneer corps of the different brigades should accompany the expedition in order to repair roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding late Expedition.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Gaylesville, Ala., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Cavalry DIVISION:

The general commanding directs that you move out with your command at 8 a. m. to-morrow upon the Gadsden road. You will also detail two companies to report at once to Captain L. M. Dayton, aide-de- camp, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, for courier duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JACOBS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,On Little River, October 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I forced a crossing of Little River about 5 p. m. by crossing a mile and a half above and flanking the force at the ford. I have advanced to the cross-roads, and can positively state that the infantry on this road turned toward the Coosa River on the iron-works road. The cavalry this evening fell back toward Blue Pond. Last night Hood's headquarters were at Simm's, on the Gadsden road at the falls of Yellow Creek. Citizens say that the train crossed at Edwards' Ferry, but the troops moved on down the Gadsden road. The Blue Mountain road crosses at Edward's Ferry. The infantry passed here yesterday, and as there is no bridge here they threw a pontoon. Citizens say that some of the pontoons at Edwards' Ferry were brought up here for this purpose. Little River is fordable, but quite wide. Citizens say that Simms' is beyond the road passing through Blue Pond Gap to Gunterville. I was skirmishing and driving the enemy till dark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

