
them to come here. Rations, enough for your command I have now accumulated here. A spy from Round Mountain last night said Hardee's corps crossed near Hampton's Ferry this morning. The force that captured Vining's Station was composed of about 500 cavalry. Our telegraph communication is again all right with Atlanta and will be through to Chattanooga to-night. The railroad will be done to Chattanooga by Sunday. Morton elected Governor by 20,000 majority. Congressmen from Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania almost all Union; very fear Democrats elected. Kilpatrick reports three brigades of rebel cavalry moved south of Dallas and east yesterday. I am busy on fortifications and hauling in forage. Had the mailed for the different armies better come to this point? Will your trains move this way soon? No disturbance on railroad reported to- day. Scouts from the south and WEST say that Hood is going to Blue Mountain of rest. Awaiting further instructions,

I am, very respectfully,

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 258. Near Gaylesville, Ala., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. Fuller, commanding First DIVISION, will have the advance to-morrow, and will move his command at 9 a. m. to the point indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 142, extract V, Department and Army of the Tennessee.

The THIRD DIVISION will follow the First.

The Artillery Brigade, Major J. W. Powell commanding, will follow the THIRD DIVISION.

The Fourth DIVISION, Brigadier-General Belknap commanding, will follow the Artillery Brigade.

The supply train will follow up and park in rear of the corps. Regimental wagons may move with their respective DIVISIONS.

By command of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

[ROWLAND COX,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Five miles from Gaylesville, October 20, 1864 - 9. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

SIR: The head of the cavalry must be close upon Gaylesville. I hear of no skirmishing at the front. A deserter, apparently candid, says he knows the pontoon was ordered to Guntersville, on the Tennessee. The columns of the enemy are represented as passing by Blue Pond in that direction. This is corroborated by an escaped prisoner. A man who was engaged in our quartermaster department came in last night. He says it seemed generally understood among the rebel troops that they were making for Guntersville and he had no doubt they were. I am just in rear of the cavalry column, the advance being considerably in front.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

