
DALTON, October 20, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

There is a man by the name of Edmonson about his country, hanging and killing men and women. He has about seventy-five men with him. As I have no mounted men, will you send me the twenty-five men that Mr. Brown had at this place, as they are well acquainted with the country. They are within six miles of this place.

B. D. FOX,

Major, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, October 20, 1864 - 7. 20 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just arrived from Decatur. Nothing but the ordinary rebel force on the south side of the river. Landed a force at Fearns' Ferry last night, which went to Warrenton and thence to Guntersville, returning this morning. They learned 100 rebel cavalry were at Warrenton last evening, but had left. Mr. White, living on south side of river, an exmember of Congress, reported a Union man, in whom Colonel Given has confidence reports that Beauregard was with Hood's army; also, that Bragg was there; reports also that the enemy are moving south. Start back at 12 o'clock to-night.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, October 20, 1864 - 12. 40 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Croxton'h headquarters are ten miles east of Florence. Major Williamson, with seventy-five men, started at 6 o'clock to- night in the direction of the Tennessee River to the left of Florence. I have four discreet scouts operating north of Tennessee River, to the right of Florence, from this place. I will peep well guarded and not suffer a surprise. General Croxton is patrolling the river, and any crossing of the enemy will be reported to him by his scouts.

THOS. N. PACE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Chattahoochee River Bridge, Ga., October 20, 1864.

Colonel F. C. SMITH,

Commanding Post, Chattahoochee River, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders, I marched from this post to the scene of the accident on the railroad yesterday. Left camp about 5 p. m. on the 19th instant and advanced along the railroad northward to Vining's Station, keeping a small advance guard out, and at Vining's increased the advance to FIFTY men, which were deployed whenever the country would admit. Arrived in sight of the wreck about 9 p. m., when, having met with no opposition, I ordered the skirmishers halted and prepared to advance a stout picket-line as soon as my skirmishers had fully uncovered the destroyed engine, when the pickets of the Forty-first Illinois opened fire upon me, and before I

