
rebel troops. A part of Forrest's force has moved from Corinth to Moscow. On the 13th Forrest was at Jacinto, and was said to have had an interview with Dick Taylor at Grenada on the 14th. Information goes to show that the rebel Generals Arch [Colonel Mabry], Dick Taylor, Chalmers, and [Colonel Looney] Looney, were absent [present] with the troops mentioned. General Smith had probably received a dispatch from General Washburn, dated on the 13th, twenty miles below Eastport, on the Tennessee River, directing him to look for an attack in force from Forrest, and at one time, on the 14th and 15th, everything indicated a large concentration of rebel forces at this point. General Smith had made the best disposition of his forces to meet the attack, and with the re-enforcements he received from the mouth of the White River he had no fears of the result. With the exception of an attack upon one of the scouting parties this morning, on demonstrations have as yet been made upon this place, and from all the information that General Smith can get he is of the opinion that the rebel forces alluded to are moving, by way of Tuscumbia, outward General Sherman's communications, and that they number, whenunited with Forrest's troops, about 20,000. As the forces garrisoning Columbus and Paducah are very small, General Smith sends to-day 1,300 men to these points. They will arrive to-morrow night.

R. B. MARCY,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 20, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH KARGE:

You will please organize a force of from 300 to 400 men, under good officers, and scour the country between here and the Coldwater. Destroy any bands of guerrillas which may be found. Give the citizens to understand that they will be held responsible, both in person and property, for the entrance of any bands of rebels this side of the Coldwater without our knowledge. We must be informed of their presence the hour they cross the Coldwater.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 20, 1864. - For Dana to Canby, in relation to operations on MISSISSIPPI River, see Vol. XLI.]

[OCTOBER 20, 1864. - For M. L. Smith to Rosecrans, in relation to operations about Memphis, &amp;c., see Vol. XLI.]

CITY POINT, VA., October 21, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

(Received 7. 20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The stores intended for Sherman might now be started for Hilton Head. There will be no necessity for them going all at once, but let them accumulate there gradually.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

