
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 21, 1864.

(Received 5. 35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I left General Sherman at Summerville yesterday morning at 7 o'clock. Advance of army at Alpine, heading for Blue Pond, in pursuit of Hood, who must there, owing to diversion of roads, indicate by the road he takes whether he is going to Tennessee River, at Gunersville, or down Coosa. All well, and everything in good condition. Food and forage plenty, and weather and roads good. Hood retreating at the rate of twenty-five miles a day. Railroad and telegraphs being rapidly repaired.

WILLARD WARNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Little River, Ala., October 21, 1864 - 8. 30 p. m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON:

CAPTAIN: I met pickets from Wheeler's command after crossing this river. At Yellow River his advance guard occupied a strong position; the crossing on both sides of the road obstructed by barricaded and abatis, from which it was driven. Every position susceptible of defense was held until he was flanked from them. He was driven to his chosen position, covering the several roads at Leesburg, where he had erected barricades of uncommon strength, from which he was driven, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. Prisoners taken represent several brigades; from them and citizens I have no doubt Wheeler's entire force is covering the march of Hood to Gadsden. Hood left Rudd's [?] at Leesburn yesterday morning. Stewart's corps marched via the iron-works; Lee's and Cheatham's united at Yellow River; the whole army marching for, or in the direction of, Gadsden. That road is obstructed by felled trees. It was too late to continue pursuit beyond King's Hill. The enemy threw away forty to FIFTY guns during his flight. My casualties, as far as reported, 1 killed and 8 wounded; that of the enemy, 2 officers and 15 to 20 killed and wounded; 5 prisoners brought in. The country over which we passed to-day has not been as much cultivated as that for the past tow or three days. A detachment sent three miles beyond Yellow River, via the iron-works, reports only small parties on that road. The pontoon of he enemy was taken up and sent to the east side of the Coosa. If the armies remain a day or two Garrard's DIVISION needs provisions and horseshoes from its train.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, &c.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, October 21, 1864 - 11 p. m.

General ELLIOTT:

I have just received your note, which is perfectly satisfactory. The infantry advance is at Little River. Tell Garrard to send back for what he wants. I want the cavalry to hang on the rear of Wheeler to molest him all they can, and to follow till sure the enemy crosses the

