
MURFREESBOROUGH, October 2, 1864-4. 15 p. m.

(Received 4. 20 p. m.)

General THOMAS:

I waited for you as long as I thought I ought, believing you would prefer I should go on to Nashville to organize the forces. I hope to have it done to-night. General Johnson and a portion of my staff went at 4 a. m. for that purpose. The cavalry will be at Shelbyville to-night and move toward Columbia at daylight to- morrow, where I hope to join it to-morrow night. I can remain in Nashville till to-morrow forenoon after starting the forces, and go on the cars to that place. After organizing I shall wait for you, which I am very anxious to do on many accounts. I hope you will approve what I have done. General Steedman will tell you what troops I have taken, and General Milroy knows those I have left behind. Stevenson is now too weak, but I hope to give Mr. Forrest very little time to assail any place. I hope you will send General Steedman on to go with me, as I greatly need him; he is acquiante with the infantry I have.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 2, 1864-7. 15 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

The One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio will go in the place of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, which will remain. The Eighteenth Ohio will go also with you. There are here about 300 dismounted cavalry, which, if arrangements could be made to mount, could be sent also. General Morgan is moving on Athens with his force, and I fear if Forrest learns of his movement he will retreat in some hurry. I will be in Nashville at noon to-morrow.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 2, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

I will be in Nashville with General Steedman about to-morrow, 3rd instants. I wish you to organize your troops as rapidly as possible, and push them forward after Forrest. Your troops should at once be followed by a construction train to repair the railroad after you, so that rations can be sent to your command, to General Morgan or to General Granger, to either Decatur, Hunstville, and even to Athens.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 2, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The Ould hundred and seventy-fourth and One hundred and seventy- eighth Ohio an as undisciplined as a herd of cattle, and, though good men, are not the men to fight Forrest. Transportation is very scarce, and I hope I shall not be required to take them; they will run away. I

