
seventy-seventh, One hundred and seventy-eighth, One hundred and seventy-ninth, and One hundred and eightieth Ohio Regiments, the Forty-THIRD Wisconsin and Eleventh Minnesota, one-year regiments, and the Twenty-ninth Michigan, three-years regiment, five of which are so disposed of as to admit of their being sent front without any delay. The Eighty-THIRD Regiment Illinois Volunteers, about 600 strong, is stationed at Clarksville and Fort Donelson. I know of no other troops to arrive in Tennessee, except two old regiments from General Pope's command, but have not heard of their starting yet. Do you intend that I shall take charge of East Tennessee also while you are absent?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DEEP SPRING, GA., October 21, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I will not be able to reach Gaylesville to-day. The troops will probably get to Ringgold Post-Office [in Alabama] or within two or three miles of that place. The cattle will hardly get beyond this place. I will move on and join the army early in the morning if I find you at Gaylesville. If your chase continues as rapid as it has been heretofore it will take me some time yet to overtake you, but, of course, I will waste no time. I met Colonel Warner yesterday with your dispatches, and got over onto this road last evening at Valley Store.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

ALPINE, GA., October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Commanding DIVISION, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of Major-General Wherman you will please send ne brigade of your DIVISION to Valley Head, in Will's Valley, and remain with the remainder of your DIVISION at this place until further orders, reporting your position and orders to the commander of the Army of the Cumberland in the field, who is now understood to be at Gaylesville. The object of the brigade in Will's Valley I presume to be to check any movement of the enemy toward Bridgeport or Chattanooga, and give early information of such movement. You will exercise your own discretion as to the propriety of re- enforcing the brigade in Will's Valley in any emergency.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Alpine, Ga., October 21, 1864.

General Crose will proceed to Will's Valley, in accordance with the above order, by the most practicable route. Any information obtained of the movements of the enemy will be reported to these headquarters and to Major-General Sherman, if practicable.

By order of Brigadier-General Wagner:

E. G. WHITESIDES,

Captain and Acting Adjutant-General.

