
cavalry immediately, to drive the enemy out of the country prior to the election? If I had 3,000 troops to occupy and hold the country this district would vote for Mr. Lincoln beyond doubt. I am exceedingly anxious they should do so. Answer soon.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., October 21, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Northern Department, Cincinnati, Ohio:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I send a copy of a portion of a report made to me in relation to proceedings of "Sons of Liberty" in this city. I send it direct, of the reason that the gentleman who reports may have occasion to be at Springfield, more or less, soon, and desires me not to make him known for the present there. The Colonel Barrett mentioned is the "James A. Barrett" whose name appears in the report of Judge Holt to the Secretary of War, under date of October 8, 1864, and is, I presume, already under surveillance. It will probably appear that the late expositions have made the leading members of this organization less told and open, but more active than before. The Brigadier-General Walsh alluded to lives in this city and is very well known.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

CHICAGO, 1864.

Extract from report of "Questions and Answers" of meeting of "Sons of Liberty," held Thursday evening, October 13, 1864, at Chicago, Ill.:

By the State council I learn that Colonel Barrett, formerly of this city, and now, for certain political reasons, residing in Saint Louis, is the grand commander of this State - that is to say, is the major-general of the district of Illinois; that the is one of the most earnest and energetic of men, and that he has supreme direction of all military movements in this State, and that Brigadier-General Walsh reports to him, &amp;c. ; that General Barrett was charged with the duty of buying several thousand muskets, revolvers, and ammunition by order of the State council, and that the requisite sum was subscribed by the several temples in the State; that Chicago alone has furnished $60,000 of this fund, and that General Barrett has bought and furnished a large part of the arms; that he is now working with all dispatch to this end; that he was slightly and temporarily embarrassed by the Government's s seizure of $70,000 worth of arms in Indiana not long ago, but that he kept still to avoid suspicion; that he censured the open manner of doing business in Indiana, and believed it had much to do with giving the State to the Union party. He is, in my opinion, one of the most desperate and dangerous men we have to deal with, and would suggest that when "the time" comes, to give the "general" quarters by himself among th first disposed of. Barrett has the entire confidence of the corps here and throughout the Northwest. As the time approaches for the election the party is very active and confident.

