HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., October 21, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: When every movement of the enemy appeared to point to the attack of Memphis, and the force for its defense was principally colored and detachments from General Mower's DIVISION, I sent an urgent appeal to General Dennis for help, and he responded by sending up about 3,000 men, and upon the receipt of inclosed dispatch* from General Halleck, and not having heard anything from General Washburn since the 13th instant, and the immediate danger being passed here, I sent 1,500 men to Paducah, with orders to return as soon as the danger passed there, unless otherwise ordered by General Washburn. I will write you by every boat.

Your obedient servant,

M. L.r-General of Volunteers.

LOUISVILLE, October 21, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR MORGAN: I telegraphed General Smith last night that I should leave Nashville this morning for Memphis. Seeing from the papers on arriving here that the Forrest scare is over I shall delay my return for a few days and run home to La Crosse. I have got to go home anyhow within two or three weeks, and as I am now so far on my way I can save considerable time by keeping right along. I left General Hatch at Clifton, Tenn., in good shape and ready to co- operate in a move, which I hope Sherman will order, to pursue Forrest and break up the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. It will be some days before the force to do this can be organized, and before that time I shall be back to Memphis. Hoge I have sent back, and Townsend left Nashville this morning and returned via Johnsonville. Say to General Smith that I hope he will make use of every means in his power to obtain accurate information in regard to Forrest and his force and intentions, and when he has any information telegraph it to Major General George H. Thomas, at Nashville, and to respond to any dispatches that may come to me from Generals Sherman, Thomas, or Howard. I will not remain away an hour longer than I am obliged to. I have had rather an interesting campaign and am in perfect health. I leave in a few moments for Chicago. Telegraph me at La Crosse if anything of interest transpires, but retain all my letters until I return. Write me yourself as I possibly may remain in Wisconsin long enough to get a letter from you.

Truly, yours,

C. C. WASHBURN.

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., October 22, 1864 - 8 a. m.

General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I feel perfectly master of the situation here. I still hold Atlanta and the road, with all bridges and vital points well guarded, and I have in

---------------

* See Halleck to Washburn, p. 345.

---------------

