
Lookout Mountain to Valley Head. I expect General Bradley, with my other brigade, to arrive here to-day or to-morrow from Chattanooga. Have subsistence, bread, four days' half rations; plenty of beef, plenty of corn, and have started a mill grinding flour. I was ordered to report to the general my position and condition. No news of the enemy. Will await further orders.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Gaylesville, Ala., October 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you will remain at Alpine until further orders. He is informed that you have on hand five days' rations; these he wishes you to make last ten days if possible; in order to do this you will forage liberally on the country, sending sufficient guard to secure your trains and parties. You will at once send a brigade up Henderson's Gap over the mountain to the gap leading down to Winston's or Valley Head. They will not go down in the valley to Winston's, but the commanding officer will send scouts down to drive out any small force from the valley, and gain information. The brigade sent will remain on the mountain at Winston's Gap to-morrow, and return to alpine the next day in the p. m. Instruct the commanding officer of the brigade to watch the valley closely and report any indications of the enemy. It is probable you will receive orders to move in two or three days.

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Alpine, Ga., October 22, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Brigadier-General GROSE,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second DIVISION:

GENERAL: The above order is just received. The general directs me to say to you, if you are down in the valley, to move back onto the mountain, remain there to-morrow, and return to Alpine day after to-morrow p. m., and otherwise fully comply with General Staley's order.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. WHITESIDES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Gaylesville, Ala., October 22, 1864.

Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that foraging parties be sent to Shinbone and Broomtown Valleys, and that you do not send them across the Coosa River.

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

