
Sweet Water Creek as far as possible. I have ordered General K. to hold the bridge at Sandtown with dismounted men and ground the line of Sweet Water, posting the First Brigade of Garrard's DIVISION on his right. I design posting the remainder of Garrard's DIVISION at Powder Springs, extending to Dallas, sending scouting parties westward to learn the movements of the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier General and Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of the Cumberland.

[Indorsement.]

Howard has no cavalry. He will send two DIVISIONS of infantry to Fairburn to-day. Don't hold lines at all, but keep the cavalry in motion to study the enemy's lines. I don't fear Hood's attacking across Sweet Water. All I want to know is, are his infantry moving to Blue Mountain, or are they in position below Sweet Water?

Garrard might send a lookout to Lost Mountain, but all his cavalry in mass should move from point to point, drive back the enemy's line, and develop infantry. We are superior in cavalry here, for all of Forrest's and Wheeler's are at Huntsville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., October 1, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: The following dispatch received from Major Kimmel, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, stationed at Whiteside's to scout up Will's Valley:

WHITESIDE'S, October 1.

My scouts, returned from Lebanon at 12 m. to-day, report several small squads of rebel cavalry through the valley, pressing horses to mount men; encamped near Gadsden. On approaching Lebanon were informed of a brigade of rebel cavalry marching from Gadsden to that place. On arriving there learned they had taken the road at Van Barren for Guntersville. Sent scout of six companies at 1 p. m. to-day, under Major Appel, to come down the valley in two columns. Will learn any demonstrations of the enemy in this direction.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier General and Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 1, 1864.

General McCOOK,

Cartersville:

I think only a part of Hood's infantry is across the Chattahoochee, and it is reported they are bound for Blue Mountain or the Talladega road. I don't think he will go toward Rome, but toward Decatur or Stevenson. I want you to picket about Burnt Hickory. Corse is at Rome.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

