
prefer doing without them if permitted to do so. At the time your dispatch was received the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania had started and is by his time near Franklin. My force here is nearly organized and much of it will start to-night, the balance of it early in the morning. I think that with my combined forces I can whip Forrest. I do not think there is any probability of his leaving the district. General Johnson has telegraphed in regard to the dismounted cavalry. The Seventy eighth Pennsylvania will necessarily remain at Franklin till noon to-morrow after I see you, when I will order it to return if you are still of the opinion it should not go.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 2, 1864-9 a. m.

Major B. H. POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have General Thomas's consent to organize a force, mounted and in wagons, to go after Forrest. I shall want to mount and put in wagons 3,500 infantry. Every horse and mule in Nashville, for which equipments may be furnished, should be obtained from Colonel Donldson at once, and turned over to the infantry in preparation for the movement. He can give us many wagons, saddles, and if others cannot be obtained put the colonels to work to obtain these supplies, and mount their regiments or prepare conveyances at once. Send copy of this to General Johnson when he arrives. The troops should have horses, mules, or wagons, and it may be on the Franklin road or their barracks at the Richmond. Plank or board seats should be prepared for the wagon by the quartermaster's department. The teams should be six mules instead of four. If troops report to you send word to General Johnson and ask where he will have them. They had better be marched out on the Franklin pike on their arrival and bivouacked.

L. H. ROSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 2, 1864-11. 35 a. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU, Tullahoma:

The following dispatch just received from Colonel Park, at Franklin:

The stage driver from Columbia was captured a little the other side of Spring Hill yesterday noon and taken back to Smith's Station. He says Forrest has taken all the block-houses, and destroyed the bridges from Spring Hill to Dark's Station. He heard cannonading this side of Columbia last evening. Forrest sent a flag of truce to the commanding officer demanding a surrender. The officer told him if he would show him artillery he would surrender. Forrest told him he had artillery, so he surrendered.

I don't think he has any artillery, yet he may have. Will keep you posted. Nothing eight miles toward Hillsborough.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, October 2, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts have just returned from two miles beyond Spring Hill; confirm all former reports of destruction of railroad. Enemy have de-

