
until I reached my regiment, belonging to Iverson's brigade. About August 10 we left Convington to make a raid under Wheeler. The force consisted of William S. Robinson's [F. H. Robertson's] brigade, Humes' DIVISION, and Martin's DIVISION, all but a part of our brigade. Were not all armed. We went up into East Tennessee, crossed the river at Strawberry Plains, and then back through Middle Tennessee. Recrossed Tennessee River below Muscle Shoals and crossed the Coosa at Edwards' Ferry, near Round Mountain Iron- Works. Joined Hood's army near Cedartown; were assigned to the advance, and recrossed the Coosa on pontoons, fifteen miles below Rome, going northwest. All the army crossed, but sent back most of their wagons and beef-cattle to Jacksonville and Blue Mountain. The report was that the army was going to Summerville. Opinions vary as to whether they will cross the Tennessee. Many say that they will only cut the railroads and then come back into Alabama. The men are discouraged, and just now are very poorly fed and clothed. Many more would desert, but fear being caught and shot. I escaped at Dir Town, Chattanooga County, on the 11th instant, after the army had crossed the rover. Came around through Alabama. Saw no troops there but train guards. The army get their supplies by wagon from Blue Mountain, in Calhoun County, FIFTY or sixty miles from Summerville and five to ten miles north of east from Jacksonville; it is the terminus of the railroad. Wheeler has lost about half of his men by desertion since August 1. Iverson is now somewhere below Stockbridge, between Jonesborough and McDonough, with several hundred men. At Morrow's Mills, WEST of Jonesborough, about nine miles this side of Fayetteville, is a cavalry force of 300 or 400; don't know who commands them. Know of no other forces near Atlanta. There are some militia at Macon. I have heard, I believe, that they are many Union men in hiding throughout Northeast Georgia, many of them armed. There are some such between Lawrenceville and Gainesville. These men often bushwhack the rebel cavalry very pertinaciously. I am an original Union man and was near hung for my sentiments in this city.

ALPINE, GA., October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have here with these two brigades ten ammunition and sic forage wagons (one to each headquarters) and five ambulances. The officers have no baggage except blankets. I have plenty to eat except salt. Am taking what salt I can find in the country, but it is very scarce. Can you send me some? Troops are well clothed except shoes, that have been worn out on this march. will need 400 or 500 pairs. General Bradley has not yet reported; should have been here two days ago. Do not know what transportation he had. Troops all in fine condition. General Grose will be here to-morrow evening. There is plenty of wheat here, which we are grinding. Our last report of effective force shows 4,200 men. The regular reports and returns are at headquarters in Chattanooga, and will be forwarded as soon as they come up. What does the general desire done with the baggage which is at Chattanooga awaiting transportation to any point he may designate? I would like to get it as soon as possible, as the officers have not even a change of clothing.

G. D. WAGNER, Brigadier-General.

