
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 23, 1864 - 9. 30 p. m.

(Received 12. 25 a. m. 24th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The One hundred and seventy-THIRD, One hundred and seventy-fourth, One hundred and seventy-fifth, One hundred and seventy-sixth, One hundred and seventy-seventh, One hundred and seventy-eighth, One hundred and seventy-ninth, One hundred and eightieth Ohio, Forty- THIRD Wisconsin, and Elevent Minnesota, one-year's troops, and the Twenty-ninth Michigan, a three-years' regiment, have arrived here. Have heard nothing of the two from regiments from General Pope's command. The regiments sent from Kentucky, having nearly finished their time, have been ordered back to be mustered out. I am receiving no re-enforcements now, except drafted men. Will any other troops be sent me? I ask the question because General Sherman has asked for a report of the number of troops in Tennessee, and now expected, so that he can organize his expedition. The dispatch of the President of to-day, concerning the threatened raid into Western Kentucky, has been received. I will gain all the information I can about the rumor, and prepare to prevent its being carried into execution. Have no direct news from General Sherman to-day. General Croxton reports no movement on part of the enemy about Eastport.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., October 23, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Dispatch of 18th received. I wrote you in great detail by Colonel Warner. Hoos is now at Blue Mountain,* and Forrest is evidently over about Tuscumbia. No doubt they will endeavor conjointly to make me come out of Georgia, but I don't want them to succeed. All Georgia is now open to me and I do believe you are the man best qualified to manage the affairs of Tennessee and North Mississippi. I want approximate returns of all troops subject to your orders, and, as wrote you, I can spare you the Fourth Corps and about 5,000 men not fit for my purpose, but which will be well enough for garrison at Chattanooga, Murfreesborough, and Nashville. what you need is a few points fortified and stocked with provisions, and a good movable column of 25,000 men that can strike in any direction. I await further reports from you before doing anything, but am making all preparations necessary. We find abundance of forage and stores down here, and have not the most distant fears of want or starvation. All my animals are improving, and General Slocum, at Atlanta, reports foraging most successful, 400 wagons on one occasion, 700 on another, and 600 now out. If Hood breaks our road Georgia must pay for it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* As received by Thomas this read - Hood is not at Blue Mountain. see Thomas to Halleck, October 24, 10. 30 p. m., p. 424, and Thomas to Halleck, October 25, 9 p. m., p. 431.

---------------

