
HUNTSVILLE, October 23, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Scouts have been ordered out as directed. Dispatch received from General Croxton, from near Florence, Ala., dated 22d. No mention is made of the presence of the enemy in that quarter.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

FLORENCE, ALA., October 23, 1864.

(Via Pulaski 24th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch received. Will endeavor to determine the truth of the rumor. Three gun-boats came to Waterloo the 22d, shelled the town and woods; saw nobody and returned. Rebels across the river and disposed to be very familiar.

JNO T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 23, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

I have ordered your infantry regiments back to Kentucky to report to you, as we have continued rumors of a threatened raid into Western Kentucky. I would urge you to be prepared to meet it.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, October 23, 1864.

(Received 29th.)

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the arrival of Colonel Guppey and a force of 1,200 men. I would respectfully state that as may district is in danger of being attacked at almost any time I would ask that these troops remain under my command, if no longer, until after the Presidential election. I deem it not only prudent, but an actual necessity that they be detained. Without them I have not force enough to hold any post in the district against a determined attack. The information that I have received is that they will attack this district about the time of the election, if not before it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. W. DUSTAN,

Commanding Enrolled Militia, Defenses of Memphis:

GENERAL: The undersigned, commanding officers of the several regiments of your command, most respectfully call attention to the following

