
mands should be instructed by practice in the manner of properly performing guard duty. The other suggestions contained in the paper are heartily approved, and earnestly recommended. In order to promote the efficiency of the organization I would suggest that the system of fines for no-attendance to duty in the several regiments be abolished, or at least modified; its working at present is to throw nearly all the duty on the laboring man, who can illy afford the time lost from his daily work. The man of means neglects or avoids the many calls for extra or daily duty, and by paying his fine exempts himself from unpleasant consequences. Every tour of duty he thus avoids is thrown upon his poorer neighbor. My opinion is that a system that would punish neglect of duty by assignment to extra duty, to which might be added in gross cases imprisonment and perhaps fine, would work successfully. In order to adopt this plan it will be necessary for the city to make a monthly appropriation to support the regimental organizations. In my judgment one dollar per month for each officer and man actually present would be ample for the requirements of the several regiments.

C. W. DUSTAN,

Brigadier-General, Enrolled Militia, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., November 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The suggestions and recommendations of the regimental commanders of the militia are approved. Something ought to be done to lessen the burden of militia duty, especially of the poorer class of men. It is now a great hardship on that class. The armories should be guarded at the expense of the city. There is no justice in requiring the comparatively few men who are now doing the duty to bear the whole burden for the benefit of the city. The property and business of the city should be made to pay.

R. P. BUCKLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

DEAR SIR: The Honorable Augustus R. Wright, former member of Congress, asks to be made known to you. I am satisfied he is a man of high character and of true faith in the future. General Vandever and all commanders at Rome speak of him in this Light, and I believe you may safely extend to him your well-known kind and magnanimous favor.

I am, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I always designed to canvass the claims to promotion of all aspirants in the army, so as to save the President the individous task

