
quarters of the Cavalry Corps, through the usual channels. They will send copies of the monthly returns to their respective department commanders.

III. Brigadier-General Johnson I hereby relieved from duty as chief of cavalry of the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. He will remain in discharge of the duties assigned him by paragraphs I and II, of General Orders, Numbers 23, from headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. He will receive his instructions and make his reports direct to headquarters of the Cavalry Corps.

IV. The office of chief of cavalry at the headquarters of the different department in this DIVISION is abolished, and the chiefs of cavalry will report to their department commanders for other assignment.

V. Brevet Major-General Wilson will reorganize the forces under his command and will bring the field the greatest number of mounted troops possible. Department and other commanders will give such assistance as will insure the execution of this order with the least possible delay.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864.

General STANLEY,

Present:

GENERAL: There is a gang of guerrillas under one Gatewood somewhere behind us. He has about 100 men and will likely hurry to the north of our road, back to Rome. I wish you to send a brigade, Light, to Price's Bridge and across to scout out toward Dirt Town and Coosaville, to make diligent inquiries and to let all know that such fellows will be dealt with summarily. Let the people also understand that when we are in search of such fellows we take no baggage, and therefore live on the country. If they want to save what little corn and potatoes [they have], they must manage to get Gatewood disposed of, for he will bring ruin on them all.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864.

Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Herewith please find an official copy of a letter* just received from Major-General Sherman. You will send a brigade of infantry across the river for the purpose mentioned therein, and will call the attention of the commanding officer of the same to General Sherman's instructions.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

