
most direct route, with a proper number of officers, to Nashville to be mounted and equipped. He also wishes General Grierson instructed to prepare and keep his won DIVISION in the best possible condition, ready for a movement through Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia to join the Cavalry Corps in the field. In order that his force may be made as large as possible, the general wishes him to do all in his power to get Winslow's DIVISION back from Missouri, and to amount every available cavalry officer and man that can be found in the district. I shall order an officer from Louisville to see to the prompt execution of the movement indicated, and that the forces are prepared and furnished with all the supplies that can be obtained. I shall also communicate detailed instructions to General Grierson in writing for his further government to save you any further trouble or anxiety in this matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Chief of Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 19. Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864.

In order to promote rapidity of movement and establish a uniformity of transportation, the following orders will be observed in this corps during the present operations in the field. The allowance of wagons will be: Four wagons to corps headquarters, four wagons to DIVISION headquarters, three wagons to brigade headquarters, one wagon to each regiment. In the four wagons at DIVISION headquarters will be carried the proper supplies of rations for the officers and enlisted men and fodder for the horses at the headquarters, all necessary books, papers, desks, &amp;c., the equipment of the DIVISION quartermaster and commissary, scales, paulins, blacksmith's forge and tools, &c., a supply of picks, spades, and axes, and such other articles as the DIVISION commander may direct.

In the three wagons for brigade headquarters will be carried be proper supply of rations for officers and enlisted men and forage for horses at the headquarters, all necessary books, papers, desks, &c., the equipment of the brigade quartermaster and commissary, scales, paulins, blacksmith's forge and tools, &c., a supply of picks, spades, and axes, and such other articles as the brigade commander may direct. In the regimental wagon will be carried the necessary regimental and company books and papers, a proper supply of picks, axes, and spades; in case there is no pack-mule for the purpose, a small supply of medicine, &c., for the regimental surgeon, and such other articles as the regimental commander may direct.

All surplus above this allowance will be at once turned over to the corps quartermaster or to such other person as he may direct.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 146. On Little River, Ala., October 24, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. Major General J. A. Mower, U. S. Volunteers, having, in compliance

with Special Field Orders, Numbers 102, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, dated Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864, reported to

