HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 24, 1864.

Commanding OFFICER 1ST Brigadier, 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS:

You will move your command at 7 o'clock this a. m. across the Oostenaula River, march down the Alabama road to Coosaville, find the pontoon boats that were floated down from here, cross your command in them, and march down on the south side of the Coosa River to Cedar Bluff covering the passage of the pontoons to the latter place. Your command will take three days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition per man. All details for forage and fatigue duty in your command are hereby revoked. The commanding officer of the brigade will report to these headquarters at 6. 30 this a. m. for detailed instructions.

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Corse:

A. P. VAUGHAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Gaylesville, Ala., October 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. COOPER,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you at once march your DIVISION to Cedar Bluff. All transportation, with the exception of the supply trains, will be taken with you. The general commanding will give you further orders at Cedar Bluff, and will probably be there in person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Cedar Bluff, Ala., October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second DIVISION:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions received from Major-General Schofield yesterday, I sent a detachment across the Coosa River and established a picket- post. The officer commanding the pickets reports that he sent scouts out during the evening, who reported that they saw the camp- fires and men of the enemy about two miles distant. The vedettes were approached this morning at daylight by four men, who were mounted, but wheeled and ran away upon being fired at by the vedettes. Subsequently, a small party was sent out to a house about three-quarters of a mile from the river, where they learned from a citizen that six cavalrymen (rebels) stopped at the house during last night. These men said that Hood and Beauregard were at Gadsden yesterday and were going to some point in Tennessee; also that there were two regiments of cavalry encamped two miles from the river, and that they had been re-enforced by a brigade commanded by General Gates. These cavalrymen stated that they were sent down to the river to see if the pontoons had been laid. The foraging party sent out by me yesterday reported a large

