
in the pursuance of paragraph II, Special Field Orders, Numbers 103, from headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. Leave the organization of the cavalry force for Middle Tennessee till the last. The commanding officer can be selected hereafter when I become better acquainted with the cavalry officers. Probably General Long's health might render him available. Whoever is designated ought also to command the Tennessee cavalry. Please communicate freely with me and also with the Cavalry Bureau whenever you may think it necessary. The question of forage is the gravest one that presents itself. I have not studied it fully yet, but I am inclined to believe the supply in the enemy's country, our main dependence, cannot be relied on as sufficient, and therefore I would suggest the collection of a large reserve at Nashville and Chattanooga. This question, however, I will put to the chief quartermaster of the corps as soon as he has been designated. In the mean time please give it your serious consideration and forward me your conclusions in relation thereto. As a matter of course, forage for the use of columns marching to the front should be deposited at the end of every two days' march on the railroad from Nashville to Chattanooga as far south as garrisons are maintained.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION CAVALRY,Cartersville, Ga., October 24, 1864 -10 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have 1,400 well mounted men for duty. My battery is in good condition. With the Ninth Pennsylvania I can prevent all cavalry raids from its direction.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, October 24, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

No additional news at this post; the guide Morrison, whose report was sent to you yesterday, reports that he heard Roddey say there were 12,000 men in his district. We see indications here of a larger force than General Roddey's old command, now about 2,500 men. Of course Roddey would not think of attacking this place; he will content himself with guarding the river. With the re- enforcements asked for here, I have no doubt I can give him away and secure any information that can be obtained within a range of twenty-five miles south and west. Since writing the above your telegram notifying me that you had ordered the Twenty-ninth Michigan to report to me has been received. I sent a scout of 250 men up the river on gun-boat this evening to penetrate the country at various points for information, and shall continue to do so for several days. I have already sent your previous telegram to General Croxton notifying him of the presence of Forrest in his neighborhood.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

