
DECATUR, October 24, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following telegram just received:

HUNTSVILLE, October 24, 1864.

Commanding officer at Whitesburg reports indications of an increased rebel force south of the river. Citizens report that they are very busy over there. Reports reach him thought contrabands that 15,000 of Hood's army -cavalry, infantry, and artillery -are at head of Long Hollow, some twenty miles from the river, intending to cross at different points between Paint Rock and Decatur. Information not very reliable. The scouts are at Whitesburg waiting for a boat.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

The gun-boats go up the river this evening and will put scouts across; will also land a body of 250 infantry, who will scout the country and learn more definitely what is going on in that vicinity.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

Keep out constantly the best and most intelligent scouts you can procure to ascertain and report all movements of the enemy. He must not be permitted to cross the river without giving me timely notice.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to Brigadier-General Croxton, via Decatur.)

NASHVILLE, October 24, 1864 -10. 50 p. m.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Florence, via Pulaski:

It is reported this afternoon that Lyon crossed the Northwestern railroad with 600 men, going south. He crossed near Gillem's. Keep a sharp lookout for him and head him off if you can. Will see about paymaster to-morrow and let you know.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GILLEM'S, October 24, 1864.

Captain WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lyon crossed the road at about 3 o'clock less than two miles from here. I follow him to-night about 500 men; probably more. Shall try to get a fight out of him in the morning. Am confinement of success. The forces at Pulaski ought to look out for him.

Respectfully,

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

