
side Tennessee River, 9,000 or 10,000 men, with twelve guns. If you can smash anything that he has left uncovered, do so by all means. He has done a great deal of damage on the Alabama road, but the Chattanooga road is yet intact. We can hold that, but are deficient in cavalry to catch the rascal.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 2, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN,

Cairo;

Forrest is probably near Columbia, in Maury County. His force seems to be divided. In all, he probably has 10,000 men, with fifteen pieces of artillery. He was reported from Pulaski; crossed over to the Chattanooga road, which he found strongly defended; returned to the Alabama road, leaving 2,500 to threaten Huntsville. A strong diversion from the direction I understand your dispatch to intimate would be of great service. Keep me advised of your movements.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., CAV. CORPS, DEPT. OF WEST TENN.,In the Field, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I reached this point-Bolivar-to-day, and will have my command across the Hatchie to-night. I was delayed building a bridge across Wolf and also the Hatchie. I hear of a force of some 400 to 600 at Jackson, but shall not disturb them. I have captured a few prisoners. I expect to reach the river in two days and a half.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 83. In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 3, 1864.

The following movements are ordered:

I. Major-General Slocum, with the Twentieth Corps, will hold Atlanta and the Chattahooche bridge, and all detachments of other troops or corps will report to him and assigned by him to posts looking to the security of this depot.

II. All the rest of the army, provided with ten days' rations, will move by the Chatahoochee bridge to Smyrna Campt-Ground, Ruff's Station-the Army of the Cumberland, Major-General Stanley on the center, looking west; the Army of the Ohio, Brigadier-General Cox, on the right, and the Army of the Tennessee, Major-General Howard, on the left.

III. The general commanding will be near the center.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

