
Nashville, and Hatch's DIVISION on the way from WEST Tennessee. These facts are the strongest possible argument in support of what we request on the part of the cavalry service in this military DIVISION. Please do your utmost. The enemy's intentions must become fully developed within the next week. If he crosses the Tennessee we shall have to concentrate the cavalry at or near Nashville instead of in the field, and I shall have to go to the rear instead of giving my attention to operations in the enemy's country. I cannot, therefore, too strongly urge upon you the necessity of a visit to Tennessee for the purpose of giving an impetus to the vital part of our reorganization. Please let me know by telegraph if you can come out.

I am, major, &amp;c.,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Gaylesville, Ala., October 25, 1864.

Colonel L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding THIRD Brigade, First Cavalry DIVISION:

The general commanding direct that you move out with your command at 7 a. m. to-morrow upon the Blue Pond road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JACOBS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, Ga., October 25, 1864.

An expedition will be sent out to-morrow morning under the command of Brigadier-General Geary to collect forage. The train will consist of 600 wagons. Each DIVISION commander will detail one brigade of infantry. Colonel Garrard will detail 300 cavalry, and Major Reynolds, chief of Artillery, will detail two batteries of artillery, as escort for the train. The commanding officer of each brigade and artillery will report this afternoon to General Geary for instructions. The train will be made up on the Decatur road by 6 a. m. to-morrow. Captain Whittelsey, acting chief quartermaster Twentieth Corps, will designate such officers of the quartermaster's department to accompany the train as he may deem necessary. The troops will take with them five days' rations.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 25, 1864 -5. 15 P. M.

General SHERMAN:

General Osterhaus reports from Groves' place:

Enemy's cavalry, 100 strong, behind rail barricade, were driven back this a. m.

Wheeler's whole force left here since yesterday. The impression is they have gone to Huntersville. Osterhaus will push on to the cross-roads and try to find out.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

