HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Turkeytown, October 25, 1864 -4 p. m.

Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your communication inclosing General Sherman's order reached me in front of a second (rail) line of the rebels, to which I had pursued them after my note this morning. They seemed to be in force there, at least they showed quite a front thrown up across the valley. On my arriving within range they opened with two pieces of rifled artillery. I brought also a section forward, demonstrating briskly on their front, while I ordered one brigade of General Hazen's to push forward and cross the enemy's left flank. After a short but brisk fire the rebels (General Wheeler is said to be in command) withdrew. Under the order received I will not proceed any farther, but withdraw to a creek three miles north of Turkeytown, and to-morrow morning I intend to march back to camp if nor ordered otherwise. There was no rebel infantry engaged and none was seen since last Wednesday. The rumors that General Hood was going to Guntersville date altogether from last week, and are not founded one any new or positive information.

Very respectfully,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 25, 1864 -9 p. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m. 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I send you the following telegram,* received from General Sherman, for your information:

I have a report to-day from General Granger, at Decatur, that Hood is moving on the south side of the Tennessee, from the direction of Guntersville, toward Somerville. I have sent to him all the re- enforcements that I have, and have also telegraphed General Sherman, at Graysville, of this reported movement of Hood. General Croxton, from Florence, reports no movement on his front. General Hatch, from Clifton, reports that the enemy pickets the WEST bank of the Tennessee, from Eastport to Perryville, and that about 4,000 of the enemy had passed through Purdy, toward Jackson, on the 20th, and that Forrest was reported at Jackson on the 21st, his troops moving north. I have notified the commanding officer at Paducah of this reported movement, and some days since urged upon General Burbridge to be prepared to meet any attempt of the enemy to cross the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers into Western Kentucky.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

---------------

* See October 23, 9 a. m., p. 408. In the dispatch as here repeated to Halleck it reads -"Dispatch of yesterday received. * * * Hood is not at Blue Mountain," &amp;c.

---------------

