
NASHVILLE, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur:

Your dispatch of this date is just received. Report satisfactory. Keep your best scouts constantly on the lookout.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, October 25, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following has just been received:

HUNTSVILLE, October 25, 1864.

The following dispatch has just passed through my headquarters, with a like report from lieutenant commanding at Whitesburg. I get nothing from Claysville. I don't believe the story.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

"U. S. S. GENERAL THOMAS.

"Captain M. FORREST,

"Commanding eleventh District, MISSISSIPPI Squadron, Bridgeport, Ala.:

"The river is so low that I cannot reach Claysville Landing. Got up to Beard's Bluff. From reliable information at various on the river, which you can rely on, the enemy is in large force, with artillery and pontoons, between Guntersville, Warrenton, and Fletcher's, and threatens to cross at various points from Beard's Bluff to Triana. River so low that I cannot go with safety below Whitesburg. I will endeavor to use the utmost vigilance from White's Bar to Gunter's Bar until I hear from you. The Stone River is below Whitesburg. I would recommend you to telegraph to General Granger to keep her between Whitesburg and Decatur and communicate with me at head of Hobson's Island, three miles above Whitesburg. You can rely upon the information I give to be correct, for I have seen cavalry and officers dressed in regular uniform, which I never saw before on the river, and at various points too, and the information came direct from Warrenton here. Please send me dispatch, via Whitesburg, to-morrow. I return up river immediately to Beard's Bluff and will be down again to-morrow unless detained by the enemy. Be assured the Thomas is vigilant. Plenty of rails for fuel.

"G. MORTON,

"Acting Master, Commanding. "

I send above for what it is worth. I have no evidence to confirm this report further than I have sent you heretofore. I will send another party, immediately, upon the Stone River to Clarksville Ferry, near mouth of Flint River. I have no one to put down to guard the crossing on the river below, unless they are sent from Columbia, where there are more troops, I think, than are necessary.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, October 25, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following has just been received:

HUNTSVILLE, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRANGER:

I crossed the river under flag of truce at Whitesburg to-day. I saw and conversed with Joe Bradley. He says Hood's main army was at the mountain near Guntersville last night, and was advancing toward Somerville this a. m. Says it is his understanding that Forrest is to co-operate with Hood. I got the same information

