
through a man whom I sent over river, a rebel, who talked with the rebels who came down the river. Bradley is an intelligent man and I regard him as reliable. He says the information was brought in by scouts to Colonel Lowe, rebel, commanding opposite to Whitesburg.

JOHN W. HORNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

I consider the above reliable, and worthy of immediate attention. I know this an Bradley and consider his statement reliable. I trust I may be immediately supplied with re-enforcements. The Michigan regiment I have been expecting has not yet arrived.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, October 25, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I strongly recommend that a brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery be sent to Claysville immediately, and battery to Whitesburg, and at least 2,000, in addition to the Twenty-ninth Michigan Regiment, to this place.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier General John R. CROXTON,

Florence, via Pulaski:

General Granger reports that Hood's army is moving down the Tennessee River on the south side. Occupy all the fords and ferries in sufficient force to prevent him from throwing pontoons across. The paymaster who is assigned to pay your DIVISION has been telegraphed to make arrangements to pay your command as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CENTRE STAR, October 25, 1864 -9 a. m.

(Via Pulaski 27th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Scouts sent to Waterloo saw a citizen from beyond the river who reports no troops at Eastport, and only a half recruited company at Chickasaw, and that no troops have been passing either way on the Corinth and Tuscumbia road. Forrest reported at Jackson. I expect Lyon will cross by detachments between Waterloo and Johnsonville. If he crosses above Waterloo I will try and be there. No gun-boats about Waterloo for three or four days. If you will order them up the river the first rise, to destroy the boats the enemy have on the other side, we will not be troubled this winter; otherwise it will require a large force to watch the river. Where is Hood? It might be well for me to know.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

