HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., October 25, 1864.

Colonel ALEXANDER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: General McClean has received information from Captain Thompson, at Paris. A force of about 100 rebels were at Millesburg, Bourbour County, yesterday p. m. He directs that you send 150 men of the Thirteenth Kentucky Mounted Infantry to Paris without delay. On arriving at Paris the officer in command will be governed by the information he may receive there. He will report by telegraph such information as he may get. The object of the expedition is, if possible, to catch up with and destroy the band of rebels referred to, and the officer in charge will use all the means at his command to accomplish the object.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. STAGG,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

DYESBURG, KY., October 25, 1864.

Bvt. Major General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

I am here canvassing this Congressional district for Mr. Lincoln with much success. There is no immediate danger of an attack upon my district, though it is of great importance that I have sufficient forces to hold the country securely during the coming election. Can you not send me some cavalry at once that I may drive out the guerrillas? If you cannot spare the cavalry send me infantry, if possible. I learn that the enemy are concentrating in Tennessee, but that they are resting, so that I shall be in Paducah in time to resist any threatened attack. Please let me know what help I can depend upon from you, so that the people that are now unprotected may know what the expect prior to the election.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Western Kentucky.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 25, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Paducah, Ky.:

A dispatch just received from commanding officer Johnsonville says that he has just received a communication from a Union man of Carroll County, Tenn., stating that the rebel General Buford passed through Clarksburg yesterday in direction of Mayfield. He camped last night at Huntington, Carrol County. His command numbers about 800. His men reported at houses where they stopped for victuals and water that Forrest had gone the Spring Creek road, and would meet them at or near Mayfield, and that they intended to take Paducah and Mayfield. General Thomas thinks you had better get some gunboats to assist you.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

