
who, I believe, is now still at Pulaski. I, however, sent off the Ninth Ohio from Athens, to report to Major-General Schofield at Chattanooga. In addition to the force of cavalry mentioned in default of armed cavalry, I had furnished horses to General Rousseau to mount five small regiments of infantry, equipping them with citizen's saddles impressed here in this city. These horses I left at Athens to mount some dismounted cavalry of Major-General Thomas' command at and near that place.

During my absence with Major-General Rousseau in the pursuit after Forrest, there were sent to the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, 300 horses to mount recruits, and since my return here I have mounted, equipped, and armed, as well as the facilities afforded by the ordnance depot here permitted, detachments of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry Ninth Ohio Cavalry, First Wisconsin Cavalry, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, and some others, over 1,000 in all. There is now at the cavalry camp here a detachment of the Second Kentucky, mostly non-veterans whose term of service has expired, detachment Fourth Indiana, which I have permitted to await here the receipt of an invoice of cavalry arms on the way to them from Washington, and what is known as the First Battalion Detached Men, composed of odds and ends from all regiments, organized by General Sooy Smith during his administration, and which, on account of its character in this respect, I have retained here until I should get off those detachments which have officers and a semblance of organization. I send 400 of the Fifth Iowa to Louisville to-morrow for horses; this regiment will number near 700, and, with General Thomas' approval, I have determined to keep it here for the present. Thee are three regiments of the new cavalry belonging to Army of the Cumberland, Ninth, Eleventh, and Thirteenth Indiana, or rather detachments from these, about 1,200 men in all, now at Louisville; one of them starts to-morrow, one of them on the 28th, and the THIRD as soon as saddle blankets can be procured. The saddles which they have drawn there are, I am informed by telegraph, very poor.

The ordnance department is the great difficulty in my way now; to- day they report to me on hand at the depot here 5,460 blankets and only 381 saddles; less than ten days ago they had 1,200 saddles and no blankets. In both the depot here and that at Louisville there are not enough serviceable carbines of any one kind to arm one squadron. There is not enough of all kinds here to arm more than 300 men. However, I have assurances from the Cavalry Bureau that this shall be remedied. They telegraph me there are 5,000 horse equipments now on the way to this depot and Louisville. I hope I shall within a week be able to equip a brigade, if one is sent up, and I particular recommend that hereafter brigades, or at least regiments complete, be sent up. The practice of sending detachments is a bad one. I respectfully inclose copies of orders issued by me, or at my suggestion, to which I invite attention, particularly that dismounting the Sixth Indiana Cavalry; I satisfied myself before recommending this order, of the justice of this course, and being unable to communicate with you submitted my purpose to Major- General Thomas, who approved it. I earnestly request that for the sake of the example upon the cavalry generally, this order may be adhered to. There are, I omitted to mention, in Kentucky seven regiments of cavalry refitting, under the direction of an officer of Major-General Schofield's staff, to whose command they belong. In answer to an inquiry of mine I was informed, under date of September 23, that they would be ready to move in four weeks. I have telegraphed to-day to hurry them up.

