
My main effort are now directed to mounting McCook, Garrard, and Kilpatrick, and I am doing all in my power to urge that forward. Hatch, on the Tennessee, has been ordered to move his mounted force, via Nashville, to this place, and the send his dismounted men to Nashville for remount. Grierson is ordered to collect his DIVISION and what remains of Winslow's, thoroughly organize it, keep it well in hand and well fed till the order is given him to move, via Columbus, Selma, &amp;c., to join us in the field. General Johnson has been directed to collect the loose regiments and temporarily organize them into a DIVISION, under General Upton, if we can get him, so that the new organization will be: First DIVISION, McCook; Second DIVISION, Long (now Garrard); THIRD DIVISION, Kilpatrick; Fourth DIVISION, Grierson; Fifth DIVISION, Hatch; Sixth DIVISION, Upton (now Colonel Garrard's, Army of the Ohio, and new Indiana regiments); Seventh DIVISION, Winslow's (if we can ever get it back from Missouri, but Winslow won't do; therefore, I shall divide him between Grierson and Hatch); Eighth and Ninth DIVISIONS, the two Tennessee DIVISIONS, which, if ever got out of Tennessee, I will break up and distribute between others; and independent brigade in the District of Vicksburg, under some good officer, to be sent there hereafter.

If we get into the field finally and Beauregard on the defensive, so that the troops north of the Tennessee can also shove south, I anticipate but little difficulty in carrying out this policy, but should we be thrown on the defensive, you will allow, the difficulties will be greatly increased. From the above sketch you will also see the absolute necessity of my having good officers. At present I have but one brigade commander who is a general officer. Garrard, Elliott, and Knipe are to be assigned to infantry, for which they are better suited. We have abolished department chiefs of cavalry, so that I have the whole mation under my special and exclusive control. General R. W. Johnson is at Nashville, charged with the duty of mounting, remounting, and preparing for the field all cavalry on this line, and superintending it elsewhere. The inspectors of the Cavalry Bureau at Memphis, Louisville, and Nashville are the officers whose duty it is to provide remounts and anticipate demands for the same. I have already asked General Grant twice by telegraph for General Upton and Colonel Mackenzie (to be promoted by brevet), Custer, Pennington, and ReNumbers Custer I don't expect much to get, but Pennington, now colonel of the THIRD New Jersey, and Reno, now captain of regular cavalry, have been recommended, ought to be promoted. The cavalry of the Army of the Potomac has already achieved an acknowledged superiority over that of the enemy, and officers detached from it will not disable it, but will carry a prestige with them highly advantageous to us out west. I don't think. either, it will discourage our own officer, for we shall have a large field for promotion. Please lay these suggestions before the general and ask him to do what he can for me. All I wish is to get my tools in an efficient condition. I shall answer for the concequences. I have read this letter to General Sherman, and he concurs in what I have said. I would like, therefore, to have the officers sent to me whom I have designated, and horseipments sufficient to put my troops in the field, and the policy of concentration adopted, so, finally, that I may be able to exceed Forrest in numbers and organization. General Sherman sends his very kindest regards to you and the general. Doctor Kittoe is very well, and wishes to be most kindly remembered by all. He would be very much pleased with an order to report to the general as medical inspector, or to go North on a tour of

