
duty. The old gentleman will not complain, or ask for anything, but he evidently looks with some trepidation upon the prospect of an campaign this winter, and, I think, is getting rather too old for such work. Remembered me kindly to Colonels Bowers, Babcock, Badeau, Parker, and Comstock.

Hoping to hear from you, I am always, very truly, your friend,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Gaylesville, Ala., October 26, 1864.

General WHITAKER:

In accordance with orders just received from headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, a copy of which is herewith inclosed,* the Fourth Corps will march to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock in the following order: The THIRD DIVISION will lead, headquarters corps, THIRD DIVISION and brigade headquarters trains, five ammunition wagons and ten ambulances; then First DIVISION, with same trains and in same order, with one regiment as rear guard. All others wheels will reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster Fourth Army Corps, to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock, to be moved via La Fayette. DIVISION commanders will issue one day's rations to the troops in the morning before starting. Lieutenant- Colonel Remick will see that the rations on hand are so divided that this can be done. The corps will march to Alpine to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Wood.)
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,On Little River, Ala., October 26, 1864.

[General W. T. SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: General Osterhaus reports, under date of Turkeytown, 4 p. m. 25th, that he met a second (rail) line of the enemy, to which he had pursued them since his last note. They seemed to be in some force there, at least they showed quite a front formed across the valley. On his arriving within range they opened with two pieces of artillery. He brought up a section, and while demonstrating briskly on their front, he sent a brigade of General Hazen's DIVISION forward on the enemy's left flank. After a brisk fire for a short time the rebels withdrew. General Wheeler is said to be in command. General Osterhaus, in accordance with your directions, has not proceeded any farther and has withdrawn to a creek three miles north of Turkeytown and will return to-day. States that he engaged no rebel infantry and that none had been seen since last Wednesday. The rumors that General Hood had gone to Guntersville he reports date altogether from last week and are not founded on any new or positive information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

---------------

* See p. 442.

---------------

