
ON LITTLE RIVER, ALA., October 26, 1864 -12. 10 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

My staff officers have just returned from Osterhaus. He is on his way back. All citizens unite in saying "the rebels have gone north. " The pontoon bridge this side of Gadsden was taken up on this side of the river. The rebel cavalry gave way before our infantry, but showed much boldness, and our cavalry have way before our infantry, but showed much boldness, and our cavalry don't seem to have displayed much vigor in the pursuit. The rebels have filled the mountains with scouts, and the sources of information are pretty well barred up. I do not feel at all sure that the rebels have gone north.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

ON LITTLE RIVER, ALA., October 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

General Sherman has already directed that the sick be removed from Atlanta. He sent the order to General Slocum, but has never sent it to me; still, he informs me this evening that he is anxious to have them removed as rapidly as possible. Please direct Doctor Moore to do what he can to facilitate the removal. I am informed that there are company books and papers and officers' baggage at Atlanta that need looking after. Please assign one of the quartermasters there to see to its transportation and storage. General Sherman will, in all probability, try a campaign such as he had been proposing for some time, so that I wish you to have the office in readiness for removal to Memphis, but not actually remove it, until amongst the last trains that leave Atlanta, because there are so many contingencies that the campaign may be essentially modified. The President has appointed General Dana to the command of the SIXTEENTH Corps by General Orders, Numbers 275. My impression is that we will move in a day or two; it is so uncertain that I have ordered the paymasters to come to Rome. Please see that the recruits and convalescents that are awaiting us at Atlanta are properly armed and equipped, and have the regiments in readiness to join us. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 26, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Dept. and Army of the Tenn., via Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 19, paragraph 9, from your headquarters on the 27th ultimo, assigning Major General N. J. T. Dana to the command of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps. General Dana having been assigned by me to the command of the District of Vicksburg, in compliance with instructions received from the Secretary of War (copies of which were transmitted to the commanding general of the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, on the 7th

