
push for the heart of Georgia. All I want is to get all my sick and wounded back to a safe place. I start the Fourth Corps back to- morrow, via Winston's and Valley Head, ordering it to Bridgeport or Chattanooga, according to what orders Stanley may have from you. Stanley will have about 15,000 men. Beauregard may attempt Tennessee from the direction of Muscle Shoals; but when he finds me pushing for Macon, Milledgeville, &amp;c., he will turn back. I send you copy of my orders* giving you supreme command in my absence.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 26, 1864 -2 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Granger telegraphs me again to-day that Hood's army is threatening to cross the Tennessee River at various places between Guntersville and Decatur. I have sent down to him all the re- enforcements I have to spare at this time. Have you any information that Hood has moved with his army in the direction indicated in these reports?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 26, 1864 -10. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

General Granger reports that the enemy appeared in force in front of Decatur to-day about 3 p. m. His pickets were driven in, but no serious attack was made on him by the enemy. Have sent him all the re-enforcements I can get. From this report it would seem that Hood intends to attempt the crossing of the Tennessee River.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

OCTOBER 26, 1864 -3 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

No enemy about center except a few cavalry. Can learn nothing of Hood's movements.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cedar Bluff, Ala., October 26, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have made a reconnaissance as far as Centre. We met a small scouting party near our pickets, and drove them before us with a few mounted men some distance beyond Centre. They evidently had no supports near. I could learn nothing of Hood's movements beyond the current rumor that he has gone toward Guntersville. His wagon train which passed through

---------------

* See Special Field Order, Numbers 105, p. 442.

---------------

29 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

