
the old rebel line at Smyrna Camp or Ruff's Station, looking to the west. If the reconnaissance in progress to-day confirms present appearances we will have to strike the enemy over between that point and Dallas. Have your wagons to follow you only to the old rebel lines WEST of the bridge. Cross your men ahead of General Stanley's wagons, but his wagons will have precedence of yours. General Stanley passed here about 7 a. m.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. White Hall, Ga., October 3, 1864.

The troops of this corps will move to-day in the following order:

General Carlin will move his DIVISION from his present camp by the most direct road intersecting the Turner's Ferry road near Myers' house at which point further instructions will be given him.

General Baird will follow General Carlin, moving upon the same road.

The ammunition, ambulance, and headquarters trains will follow immediately in the rear of their respective DIVISIONS.

All the trains will follow the column in the order in which their respective DIVISIONS have moved.

A field battery has been ordered to report to each DIVISION, and during the approaching active operations will be attached to their DIVISIONS and subject to their commands.

General Carlin, being in the advance, will see that the roads are in condition for the passage of the troops and trains.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH Ohio CAVALRY,Near Decatur, Ga., October 3, 1864.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Chief of Cav., Dept. of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that the Fourth Army Corps left here last night and the Twenty-THIRD Army Corps is already on the move, and by to-morrow night my regiment will be here with no troops within three miles of it. I do not think it safe to remain here, but await your order.

This communication is forwarded direct as I am not informed of the locality of either the brigade or DIVISION headquarters.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. ROBIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

MARIETTA, October 3, 1864.

Major JENNINGS,

Commanding First Brigade, Second DIVISION:

MAJOR: The enemy drove my men from Big Shanty this evening. There is a force at Lost Mountain. General Sherman sends me the inclosed orders*. Under this order of General Sherman you will move

---------------

* See Sherman to Vandever, p. 51.

---------------

