
infantry and a battery of artillery be placed at Whitesburg without delay. Owing to the low stage of the river gun-boats can be of very little service. There are several good crossings at Triana. The best ford on the river below Bridgeport is near Guntersville.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

HASHVILLE, October 26, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER, Huntsville:

Order one of the new regiments just sent you to Whitesburg, with a battery of artillery from Huntsville, to cover the ford and crossing of the Tennessee River at that place. The other regiment I wish you to order to Claysville and Deposit, with artillery, to prevent any attempted crossing of the enemy at that point. This disposition of your troops should effectually cover all the crossings of the Tennessee River from Claysville to Decatur. I will send you further re-enforcement as soon as they arrive and can e so disposed of. I wish, however, that you do not allow yourself to be stampeded, but be prepared to contest to the death any attempt of the enemy to cross the river. You will call upon the gun-boats to assist you in the vicinity of Claysville in opposing the enemy's crossing, using also the boat Stone River to aid you in defending the crossing at Whitesburg.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, October 26, 1864.

(Received 3. 47 p. m.)

General THOMAS:

If there is a gun-boat at Bridgeport 500 men could be sent to Claysville in a few hours. The nearest point would be twenty-five miles from railroad.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

TELEGRAPH OFFICE, October 26, 1864-3 p. m.

General THOMAS:

Dispatch from operator, Huntsville, just received, says enemy attacking Decatur in full force.

GLASS.

HUNTSVILLE, October 26, 1864-3. 25 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following just received:

DECATUR, October 26, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER:

Scout sent out on the Somerville road this morning returned half an hour ago. They were driven back, and now about 500 have appeared insight of pickets, advancing. As soon as the November will develop will telegraph you. The Twenty-ninth Michigan is here and will cross immediately.

C. C. DOOLITTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Rousseau.)

