
HUNTSVILLE, October 26, 1864-3. 32 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Only one regiment arrived and now defending Decatur. I don't think it will be prudent to remove it. I send Colonel Lyon to Whitesburg with 150 mounted men and there pieces of artillery, all that can be spared from this post. The artillery here is not mounted, only intended for the fort. I will leave on the train for Decatur in a few minutes. I don't regard the attack o n Decatur as serious, yet it can hardly be more than an advance of Hood's,. if his forces are there at all. I have nothing more from Decatur than those sent you. The second regiment referred to in your dispatch not yet heard from I will send all the force I can command to Whitesburg.

R. S. GRANGER.

HUNTSVILLE, October 26, 1864.

General THOMAS:

The following received:

DECATUR, October 26, 1864.

R. S. GRANGER:

The enemy are attacking us.

C. C. DOOLITTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

I have no troops to put at the fords and crossing. I leave here immediately with all the troops I can raise.

R. S. GANGER.

(Same to General Ousseau.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 26, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General Granger,

Decatur:

You dispatch received. The Twenty-ninth Michigan left here last night for Decatur. The THIRD Michigan will start to-morrow morning. You must watch Hood closely. if he really is moving down the river send word to Croxton.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, ALA., October 26, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Major Williamson, Tenth Indiana Cavalry, who has been out on our picket-lines until dark, reports the force of the enemy increasing. He estimates them at not less than 10,000 now. They have not developed any large force of artillery up to this time. A battery was seen moving down to the river above this place about dark. From every appearance, as reported to me, they certainly mean work. We have had about 15 men killed and wounded this afternoon; have no idea what punishment we inflicted upon the enemy. I would urgently request

