
and to detect and prevent any attempts to put down pontoons. You must use your own gun-boats and those you can get from Bridgeport to assist you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Bridgeport, Ala.:

Send under a competent and efficient officer as many men as you can spare from your command, say from 300 to 500, to Claysville, to defend the fords and crossings at that place, one of the gun-boats which has already been asked for for that purpose. The men will be provided with five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

GEO. H THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, October 26, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I have the honor to state that there are about 544 infantry effective at this post, exclusive of a portion the Sixty-eight New York Regiment, in charge of the block-houses. I have ordered 300 men to be ready to leave at once, and will report to General Steedman for more men.

M. C. TAYLOR,

Colonel Fifteenth Kentucky, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, October 26, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Commanding officer at Whitesburg says that one of my scouts us in there reports Hood's army, 25,000 or 30,000 strong, was at Summit last night, with plenty of pontoons. I do not know his means of information. Deserters in to-night say that Hood was at Summit last Saturday night, and that 2,000 of his men, who were barefooted, were sent from Gadsden to Blue Mountain to go to the army by railroad.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, October 26, 1864-9. 53 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Two scouts just in from Whitesburg. They went five miles on the 	Warrenton road on south side of the river. They report the whole of Hoods' army, with pontoons, passed the ross-roads fifteen miles south of Whitesburg yesterday morning, taking the road leading to Decatur. I think this information reliable.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

(Forwarded by General Granger at 10. 30 p. m.)

