
HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 26, 1864.

General THOMAS:

The following dispatch has just been received from Whitesburg. Re- enforcement of 150 men and three pieces of artillery have started from here:

GUN-BOAT STONE RIVER, October 26, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER:

I landed at Bush's, one mile below Clarksville, at 12 o'clock last night, but owing to rainand intense darkness I could not make the trip over the mountain; ran up to Guntersville, and am now going to land at Bush's and go over to Warrenton and Whitesburg road. Learned from reliable information that no force had gone over that road. Last night the Thomas picked up one of the Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, who escaped from hood's army at foot of Sand Mountain. he says a part of Hood's forces, he thinks Lee's corps, is making for Whitesburg. All information shows a large force at Summit Sunday night.

EDWIN M. HOLBURD,

Major Eighteenth Michigan.

Another, as follows:

U. S. STEAMER GENERAL THOMAS,

Two miles below Claysville, October 26, 1864.

Captain M. FORREST,

Commanding Eleventh District, Bridgeport:

Dispatch received. Stone River came up this morning; all right on ford. Passed all the points where the enemy could cross int humidly for the night. Rockets, post fires, signals from the mountain tops toward Gunter's and opposite Deposit, when my vessel came in sight of them. I have seen no enemy but cavalry. have on board a Federal soldier who had been a prisoner since the attack on Dalton. He left the main force, 28,000, yesterday morning at or near Warrenton, intending to cross. I send him to General Granger. Would like FIFTY Parrott shells, 20-pounders, 100 percussion primers, sent to care of Stone River, which will bring them to me.

G. MORTON,

Acting Master, Commanding.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Thirteenth Wisconsin, Commanding post.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUN-BOAT FLEET,

Bridgeport, Ala.:

Will you please have the gun-boats under your command moved down the Tennessee River to Claysville and Deposit to assist General Granger in defending the fords and crossings at those points, and also, if possible, to patrol the river as far down as Whitesburg! Answer and acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, October 26, 1864.

General THOMAS:

The river is so low the gun-boat here can't get over the bar. A dispatch from the General Thomas to-day reports her at Claysville, and the General Grant is trying to sheer her way over the bars to her assistance.

M. FORREST,

Commanding Eleventh District, MISSISSIPPI Squadron.

