
the military forces of the United State or the State of Kentucky, or shall give voluntary aid and assistance to those in arms against said forces, shall be deemed to have expatriated himself and shall no longer be a citizen of Kentucky, nor shall he again be a citizen except by permission of the legislature by general or special statute.

SEC. 2. That whenever a person attempts, or is called on, to exercise any of the constitutional or loyal rights and privileges belonging only to citizens of Kentucky, he may be required to negative, on oath, t he expatriation provided int he first section of this act, and upon his failure or refusal to do so shall not be permitted to exercise any such right or privilege.

SEC. 3. This act to be in force in thirty days from and after its passage.

All acts voluntarily done by a citizen and designed by him to aid or assist those in arms against the Untied States or State of Kentucky are embraced by the statute. Aid and assistance may be given to those in arms by words as well as acts, as for instance by giving valuable information, persuading and inducing persons to enlist in the rebel service, &amp;c. It is perfectly easy for discreet and patriotic officers of the election to distinguish under the terms of this law legal from disfranchised voters. These officers, and not suspected persons applying to bote, are the judges both of the sense of the oath to be administered, of the proper questions to be put and answered, and of the legal effect of the facts disclosed. Officers within this command will promptly arrest every one violating this order, and citizens are requested to communicate infractions of it to the nearest military authority.

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF Kentucky, Numbers 8. Lexington, Ky., October 26, 1864.

Their irregular bands of armed men within our lines, disconnected from the rebel army, who prowl through the country and subsist by depredating upon he property of citizens and of the Government are guerrillas, and hereafter will be treated as such. They are here without an idea of permanent ocpancy, or with a reasonable hope of seriously injuring our communications. They from no part of the original army of the rebellion, and when captured are not entitled to the treatment prescribed for regular soldiers, but by the laws of war they have forfeited their lives. Frequent robberies and murders committed by these outlaws demand that the laws of war be stringently meted out to them. hereafter no guerrillas will be received as prisoners, and any officer who may capture such and extend to them the courtesies due prisoners of war will be held accountable for disobedience of orders.

By command of Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., October 26, 1864.

Captain J. B. BROWNLEE,

Commanding Detach. Thirtieth Kentucky, paris, Ky.:

Find out the direction taken by the rebels who passed on the 24th instant and push after them. They must be hunted down. Report as often as possible our progress.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

