
your commands this way at once. Communicate this to General Elliott and General Garrard. Major-General Stanley, with flour DIVISIONS, is encamped five miles south of me to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR SLY'S BRIDGE, October 3, 1864-6 p. m.

[Captain LAVI T. GRITTIN:]

CAPTAIN: I have just received an order from General Elliott to report with two regiments of this brigade to you, leaving one here. We have been upon the move all day, and have just partially gone into camp at this place. If possible I would like to remain here to-night, and will report to you at any hour of the morning you may wish. We have a picket at Muddy Creek of FIFTY men a mile in front of us. Lieutenant Roys, commanding the picket, reports a force of 400 rebel cavalry on the other side of Muddy Creek. We are well picketed here. Have just sent a party of twenty-five men to Marietta to communicate with the commanding officer there and tell him what we know. I send you two prisoners we have just taken, who report Hood's army four miles WEST of Lost Mountain at daylight this morning. They belong to Polk's old corps. You may get valuable information from them. By just such stragglers one of General Killpatrick's staff officers was shot dead near here this p. m. Please request Doctor Wise, of General Kilpatrick's staff, to send an ambulance for his body. We have but one ambulance, and have here one wounded man shot to-day. The officer going to Marietta takes with him the news brought in by these prisoners. Please send orders by the bearer.

Respectfully,

W. H. JENNINGS,

Major, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Noyes' Creek, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILLPATRICK,

Commanding THIRD Cavalry DIVISION:

The general commanding directs that to-morrow you destroy the bridge over Noyes' Creek, and follow in rear of Second Cavalry DIVISION. The Second DIVISION will march at 7 a. m.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JACOBS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 3, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General Gillem telegraphs that he attacked the enemy, under General Vaughn, at Carter's Station at 3 o'clock September 30. The engagement continued until noon the next day, when the enemy returned toward Zollicoffer. I have no heard from General Burnridge.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

