
Canby says he has 8,000 troops afloat, and thinks he can prevent the crossing, which he thinks will be attempted about Gaies' Lnadig. What reason have you to know that the Texas and Arkansas troops have rebelled against this order, as stated in your dispatch toGenrl Thomas! General Wilsonis now well down toward Jacksonville with a DIVISION of cavalry, but all indications are that Hood has gone over toward Decatur. I have sent the Fourth Corps to Gernal Toams in Tennessee, and think he will have troops enough to prevent Hood getting into Tennessee, and I still adhere to my belief that the true way is to keep the offensive all the time, and am pushing my preparations for the march through Georgia.

W. T SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Gaylesville, Ala., Numbers 107. October 27, 1864.

I. Pursuant to instructions of the War Departmetn by telegraph, under date of October 23, Major Chambliss is recognized as the inspector of cavalry for the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, and Brigadier General R. W. Johnson is relieved from that duty.

II. Brigadier-General Johnson will report to Major General George H. Thomas, commanding Department oft the Cumberland, for assignment to other duty.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. MACKAY,

Chief Quarterrmaster, Department of the Cumberland, Atlanta:

Have all the offices belonging to headuqarters Department of the Cumberland packed up and brought to Chattanooga as soon as the road is open. The train can come up under the escort of the Ninth and Twenty-second Michigan Regiments by the wagon road; also Reppert' and Grner's companies are to come.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 27, 1864.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Atlanta:

Is General Sherman in Atlanta! Make arrangements for the removla of the headuqarters and offices to Chattanooga as soon as possible. Notify the different officers of the staff and direct them to have their packing done so as to move without any delay. Captain Kellogg will be in Atlanta Saturday evening to move the gene4ral's mess arrengemetns. he has full directions for this.

ROBERT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

