
in General Granger's pickets. I have ordered him to defend Decatur to the last extremity, a d have also ordered the gun-boats to patrol the river from Bridgeport to Decatur as well as they are able. I have also a small force at Whitesburg with artillery, and at Claysville. Have only been able to send Granger three new regiments, the others being necessary to replace guards for block- houses on the railroad to Chattanooga and Pulaski. I have urged forward the new regiments as rapidly as possible, but as yet there are eight regiments behind. Granger believes that Hood's army is near Decatur for the purpose of crossing the Tennessee. I would like to get the Fourth Corps as soon as you can spare it.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 27, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Gaylesville:

Received your dispatch of 8 p. m. yesterday. have sent orders to meet Stanley, by courier. Granger reports enemy developing large force before Decatur but has made no attack as yet, nor had he approached the river either above or below Decatur as yet. Croxton reports no stir opposite him. I am constantly promised re- enforcements from Missouri and have requested they be sent to Eastport. If they reach there in four days Beauregard can hardly invade Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KINGSTON, October 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The track was closed this p. m. at 5 o'clock.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 27, 1864.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

It seems that Sherman has lost Hood and does not know where to look for him. Rebels were at Blue Mountain, but not there now, while attack on Decatur induces belief that they are in Tennessee near Guntersville. In case it proves they are there Sherman intends a grand raid through middle Georgia, leaving Thomas to look out for Tennessee by himself.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, October 27, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Make all your dispositions to move your army toward Rome within the next three days, to group about Vann's Valley.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

