HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cedar Bluff, A	la., October 27, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I respectfully request that in the organization and assignment of the new troops this winter, a full DIVISION may be assigned to the Twenty-THIRD Corps, although it may not be able to serve with the corps during the present campaign. As you are aware, I have but two DIVISIONS in the field, the First Division having been broken up. These two DIVISIONS comprise thirty-one regiments, fourth of which are to be sent to the rear now, as their term of service expires Early this winter, leaving twenty-seven regiments (about 8,000 men) with which to commence the winter campaign. Seventeen of these regiments are to be mustered out next spring and summer from February to September, which will leave only three veteran and seven new regiments (ten in all) in the field. The aggregate strength of these then regiments is now 3,500 men. The winter campaign will probably reduce it to 2,500, which will be the effective strength of the Army of the Ohio. of course, when this result is reached the Army of the Ohio and the Twenty-THIRD Corps must disappear, what little is left of the latter being absorbed by some other corps. This is the result which I have so long foreseen, and of which I have spoken to you on several occasions, when you have been so kind as to assure me that you would prevent its accomplishment. I would not refer to this subject again but for the fact that this is manifestly the last opportunity that can probably occur for filling up the corps so as to preserve its identity. I desire to make no requests that can in any degree embarrass you in your operations, and shall cheerfully and cordially acquiesce in whatever arrangement you may deem for the best interests of the service. I desire simply that you be fully apprised of the facts, and my apology for saying this much is the natural feeling, which I cannot suppress, at seeing my command rapidly approaching what appears to be inevitable dissolution.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SHCOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cedar Bluff, October 27, 1864.

Captain J. E. MARSHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the artillery of this army:

Battery. 	 Serviceable	 Servicea	 Harness	 Harness

 horses. 	 ble	 in order	 on hand

 	 mules	 (wheel). 	 (lead).

1st Ohio Light, 	 50	 30	 . . . 	 . . .

Battery D

15th Indiana	 37	 24	 . . . 	 . . .

Battery

1st Michigan	 38	 36	 . . . 	 . . .

Light, Battery F

22nd Indiana	 24	 50	 4	 8

Battery

Sending Battery F, First Michigan, to Chattanooga, in obedience to the order of General Sherman, will leave about the proportion of guns specified by the order. Battery F has no more animals than will move

