
it to Chattanooga. To enable the batteries of this army to equip themselves as prescribed by General Sherman's orders it will require 100 serviceable horses, 26 sets wheel harness complete for two horses, 82 sets lead harness complete for two horses. of the harness we have already made requisition for and expect to receive 13 sets wheel harness, 26 sets lead harness, leaving total to be supplied 100 serviceable artillery horses, 13 sets wheel harness for two horses complete, 56 sets lead harness for two horses complete.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. WELLS,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 27, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Send the following by a mounted party to Major-General Stanley up Lookout Valley to meet him at Valley Head:

Major-General STANLEY:

March to Stevenson via Bridgeport. orders will await you at Stevenson.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S . Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, ALA., October 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

A picket of the enemy was hailed in the fog this morning, who responded, "Cheatham's men. " They were ordered to advance, which they did, but on discerning out men they ran and two of them were shot.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, ALA., October 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy has as yet made no demonstrations. The country is yet covered with a dense fog. We have everything well prepared, and the command is in excellent spirits, notwithstanding the torrent of rain last night, and I think I am safe in promising a fine result if the enemy attack. nothing is yet heard from that other regiment.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT of the CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

What quantity of provisions and ammunition have you on hand at Decatur! Order ten days' for 10,000 men immediately and defend Decatur to the last extremity. General Stedman sent you two regiments last night.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

