
LOUISVILLE, KY., October 3, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: During my brief visit to Kentucky I have learned that affairs here are in some respects in a very condition. There seems to have been criminal looseness, and, in some instances, gross corruption in the administration of military justice. Public enemies of the worst character have received their liberty by payment of large fees to lawyers having personal influence with the commanding officers, while innocent persons have been kept in prison a long time without trial. The provost-marshal's department at Louisville and the military police of the District of Kentucky appear to have been mainly engaged in trading in negro substitutes and exporting fines for violation of petty regulations. The officers of police appear to have performed all the duties of public prosecutors, judge, and receiver of moneys. These seem to be notorious facts. An investigation into the transactions of the police and provost-marshal is now progressing, and I have ordered the arrest of the parties so far implicated. The charges relative to corruption in the release of prisoners involve the official character of Brevet-Major-General Burbridge, who is now absent and who was assigned to his present command by order of the President or Lieutenant-General Grant, and who has been acting in reference to the arrest and disposition of disloyal persons under direct orders from your headquarters. Because of these facts I have taken no steps to investigate the charges which may affect General Burbridge, and respectfully refer the matter to you for such action as you may deem proper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

DECATUR, GA., October 3, 1864-8 a. m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON, Aide-de-Camp, Atlanta:

My last orders were to be in readiness for speedy movement. Shall I send my hospitals, &amp;c., into Atlanta without further notice, or wait till we actually move?

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DECATUR, October 3, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Atlanta:

The breacking of telegraph by the storm last night delayed your message till this hour (10 o'clock). I will put everything on the road for Atlanta which is going there, and march the troops in rear of our old lines. I think there is no doubt we shall reach the bridge to-night.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

ATLANTA, October 3, 1864.

General COX, Decatur, Ga.:

I have now telegraphic communication with Rome, Allatoona, and Marietta. All quiet. You need not move, but be all ready to start at a minute's notice.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

