
DECATUR, ALA., October 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS;

I offer this speculation to the general commanding. The general telegraphed me that Forrest, Lee, and others were at Corinth. I know that the rebels have completed their railroad to Cherokee Station. This road runs through a rich country. May it not be the intention of the enemy to transfer the seat of war from Georgia to that of Northern Mississippi! The enemy have been throwing up a breast-work near the river, above, as I suppose with a view of breaking our bridge; the gun-boats shelling them and I have sent a rifled piece up the river of the north side to enfilade it. They have been discharging their small-arms this morning. Colonel Thornburgh, wh was out scouting at the time says the volleys were very heavy and over a considerable front. We have here 60,000 rations; have telegraphed for 60,000 more.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, October 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy appears to have left my right flank on the Moulton road, where he developed considerable force last night, but continues in strength across the Somerville road. It has occurred to me that this force is Roddey's and Hood's advance. I can hardly believe that Hood is much this side of Somerville, and the rains must have swollen Flint River so that he will find it difficult to pass to- day. I shall not be surprised to learn that he had passed by here going through Oakville and Moulton to Tuscumbia. A thick fog still envelops everything. Am endeavoring to determine his position with cavalry.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 27, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

Your two telegrams of this morning just received. Keep a close watch on the enemy's movements and report the direction he is taking as soon as you discover it. If he moves down the river send a courier to general Croxton at once I have already warned him to be on the alert. Three regiments were ordered to you last night form this direction and General Steedman ordered two from Chattanooga to report to you. If you have not already done so, take steps to supply that command with provisions and ammunition. You must do the best you can with this force until general Stanley, with the Fourth Corps, can reach Stevenson, which will be in a few days. Re-enforcements are also expected from Missouri up the Tennessee River. They will probably land at Eastport. If Hood can be kept the other side of Tennessee until their arrival we need have no further fears. Send date and hour of your dispatches in every case.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

