
his district; that he has also reliable information that Chalmers is also moving on Paducah; that he expects to be attacked to-day or to-morrow. He thinks there is a large force approaching. I have ordered all my available force to his assistance, and have called upon Generals Hooker and Rosecrans for any aid they can render. I shall go to Paducah at once.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

(Similar telegram to Brigadier General H. Ewing, Louisville, Ky., and to Major-General Schofield, Chattanooga, Tenn.)

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 27, 1864-11 a. m.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Lexington, Ky.:

I have telegraphed along the line to place ten days' food and water in the forts and to exercise the utmost watchfulness. Burge is ordered to watch the enemy and send frequent reports of his movements if he enters the district, and to fall back if compelled, onto the railroad at Bowling Green, Munfordville, Muldraugh's Hill, or this city, according to the point the enemy may aim for; same instruction given the remaining troops WEST of the road. if the enemy move on the railroad this city and the important points must be largely re-enforced, as they are not quarter garrisoned.

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, October 27, 1864-11. 20 a. m.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

Order the two cavalry regiments now at Louisville about leaving for the front to proceed immediately by boat to Paducah. Order the Twenty-sixth Kentucky to take boat at the nearest point and also go to Paducah. Arm and equip the dismounted portion of the Twenty- sixth Kentucky at once, and send them as infantry. Order the Thirteenth Kentucky and is mounted portion of the FIFTY-second Kentucky from Bowling Green and send them, too. Seize whatever number of boats may be necessary at Louisville. have these orders executed with all possible dispatch. See that the regiments have abundance of ammunition. The Thirteenth and FIFTY-Second should reach Louisville to-night. Answer and report progress frequently. By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, October 27, 1864-5. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

Leave the FIFTY-second Kentucky at Bowling Green, as directed in dispatch of 12 m. Send horses with the cavalry regiments and Twenty-sixth

