
Kentucky, all that are serviceable. The cavalry regiment that is without equipment will go without horses. Let the detachment of Eleventh Indiana Cavalry proceed and send the Fifth in its stead. By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 27, 1864.

Colonel C. MAXWELL,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

Concentrate all your cavalry, including Burge, at some point on the Cumberland River, to watch the enemy. if he attempts to cross let them harass him and prevent it, if possible. If unable to check him let them fall back slowly, skirmishing, taking every advantage and using it to effect, keeping between the enemy and railroad all the time, so if he strikes the road they must be int he forts to defend it. Send reports of movements to these headquarters frequently. Acknowledge receipt of dispatch.

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, October 27, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,

Paducah, Ky.:

What gun-boats have you at Paducah! Call upon the naval commander for assistance and report what he can do for you.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, KY., October 27, 1864.

Captain J. B. DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; I have four gun-boats at Paducah at present. Nothing has been heard of the enemy since last report, but I think this bad weather and state of the roads have delayed them. I have had all Government property and stores removed on board transports, together with bankers', exchange brokers', and merchants' money and goods, both at this place and Columbus, so that the enemy cannot obtain any supplies. I have everything ready for the defense of Paducah and Columbus should I be attacked. Has that battalion of cavalry left for Paducah yet!

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, October 27, 1864-11. 40 a. m.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,

Paducah, Ky.:

I send you to-day and to-morrow from Louisville re-enforcements of cavalry and infantry, in all over 3,000 men. Hold Paducah and Columbus

