
of Jackson. The reconnaissance on the Jacksonville road met strong resistance at Goshen, drove FIFTY or sixty men out of one line of rail breast-works and into or back upon another, from which they couldn't start them. The regiment toward Ladiga had a similar experience near that place. Jackson's entire DIVISION came to this neighborhood four days ago for the purpose of covering the Alabama railroad. I don't think any part of it is toward Villa Rica; at all events prisoners say it's all between Jacksonville and here. General Garrard says nobody except a few scouts followed him in from Turkeytown, and that Osterhaus did not go far enough beyond to ascertain any additional facts to those previously reported General G. was not responsible for that reconnaissance and made no report. The man who reports the removal of the stores from Blue Mountain helped load them, and is positive that there are none left at that place. We have heard of every brigade of Jackson's DIVISION except Ferguson's by prisoners. I'll go to Ladiga early in the morning to see if anything more can be learned.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Marietta, Ga., October 28, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Major Whitaker will hand you reports showing the condition of my command. Before giving you my opinion on the points mentioned in your communication, or making any suggestions, let me say, general, that you may safely expect everything from that energy, zeal, and a cheerful compliance with all orders can accomplish. A reorganization of our cavalry in the WEST has long been needed, and I commence at once with my whole heart to assist you. The material is good, the discipline bad, yet if carefully organized and well officered your corps in six months can be made to rival the splendid cavalry of the East in spite of its many victories and proud reputation. My DIVISION, composed of there brigades of three regiments each, has never yet been all together, and was not at first properly organized. The following is the organization: First Brigade-ninth Pennsylvania, Fifth Iowa, and THIRD Indiana Cavalry (battalion); Second Brigade-Tenth Ohio, Eighth Indiana, and Second Kentucky (battalion); THIRD Brigade- Fifth Kentucky, THIRD Kentucky, and Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry; Tenth Wisconsin Volunteer Battery. The Second Kentucky has but 260 men left, THIRD Indiana has but 200 men left; the other regiments are good and quite strong; the Second Kentucky and THIRD Indiana cannot be counted regiments in a reorganization. I have, therefore, left seven regiments-Ninth Pennsylvania, Fifth Iowa, Tenth Ohio, Eighth Indiana, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, THIRD Kentucky Cavalry, and Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry. The Ninth Pennsylvania is full and well mounted. I will dismount the Eighth Indiana and Fifth Kentucky; their horses will, I think, mount the dismounted men of my other regiments. The Fifth Iowa was sent to Nashville several weeks since to be mounted, and should have returned before this, but yesterday I received a telegram saying, that it had been ordered to remain at Nashville on duty for the present. This regiment is one of my best and I cannot afford to lose it. I respectfully request that the regiment and Colonel Lowe, the colonel who has been absent from his DIVISION on duty at dismounted camp at Nashville for

