
several months, be ordered at once to join me. In reference to the number of brigades, I much prefer two, provided they are large each brigade, I think, should have five regiments. there great difficulty found in selecting good brigade commanders renders it quite necessary to have as few as possible. With your permission, I should like to make certain transfers of regiments, so as to change those now in command. I will push everything forward as rapidly as possible, and spare no pains to make my DIVISION all that you could wish. I shall need three or four new regiments to complete my organization. I will not apply for any particular ones, but promise to make all fight you may choose to send me.

With my best wishes for your perfect success, I am with great respect, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JH. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding DIVISION.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 150. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, On Little River, Ala., October 28, 1864.

* * * *

VII. In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 108, Military DIVISION of the MISSISSIPPI (copy* herewith transmitted), this army will move toward Rome, Ga., to-morrow, the 29th instant, as follows:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will move out his command at 6 a m., following the Army of the Ohio across the Chattanooga on the bridge by which it crossed, and proceed via Cedartown across the Coosa to Vann's Valley.

2. Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move out his command at 7 a. m., crossing the Chattanooga by the bridge one mile south of these headquarters, and will follow the Seventeenth Corps via Cedartown.

3. The supply train will cross the Chattanooga, and, if possible, the Coosa, to-night, and go into park awaiting further directions, the train of the Seventeenth Corps having the lead.

Major-General Osterhaus will send one brigade of his command to encamp near Cedartown to-night, picketing south toward Little River.

* * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON LITTLE RIVER, ALA., October 28, 1864.

Major General P. JOSEPH OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

After crossing the Chattanooga to-morrow you will have your rear guard destroy the bridge; also, after crossing the Coosa, you will have the pontoon bridge completely destroyed. if any of Garrard's cavalry are picketing before you, give them notice. Let your own rear guard be the last thing to cross the river.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. -headquarters to-night will be at or near Cedar Bluff.

---------------

*See p. 477.

---------------

