
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 28, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 2. 20 a. m. 29th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I send you the following telegram just received from Memphis, for your information, dated the 26th: *

Have urged Rosecrans to send me his infantry and artillery re- enforcements to Eastport, and his cavalry to Memphis, as soon as possible. have not heard from General Hatch to-day. his headquarters are at Clifton. General Croxton reports from Center Star, Ala., that the enemy had but a small picket at Florence, but had a strong picket in his front. From their actions he infers that they fear he will attempt to cross the river. His scouts crossed the river above, at several points, but found no trace whatever of the enemy having been there. General Granger, from Decatur, reports that the enemy, in heavy force, under cove of darkness, last night drove in our pickets and established their line within 500 yards of his main work. At 9 a. m. he sent out a command from the fort down the river, under cover of the bank, beyond the enemy's picket-line, took them in the rear, and swept them off, capturing 120 men, and killing and wounding a large number. Again, during the day, he sent out the Fourteenth Colored Infantry, up the river, and spiked the guns of a battery which the enemy had established, a she thought, for the purpose of destroying his pontoon bridge. The regiment accomplished the work very handsomely, spiking the guns, and killing and wounding about 40 of the enemy, with a loss of about the same number. Granger is under the impression that Hood's whole army is in front of Decatur. Gun-boats and picket guards are active in guarding the river above Decatur.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Sherman.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 28, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Have just learned from General Halleck that General Grant has directed you to send me re-enforcements to Eastport, on Tennessee River. Please send them as soon as possible, as they are very much needed. If you can spare any cavalry please send that to Memphis; the infantry and artillery to Eastport.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 28, 1864-5 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch of this date authorizing me to furlough all men from Illinois who can be spared from my command until 10th of November, has been

---------------

*See M. L. Smith to Thomas, October 26, p. 459.

--------------

