
received. I will furlough all men in hospitals and camps of rendezvous unfit for service, to no able-bodied men in this department can be spared at this time.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GAYLESVILLE, ALA., October 28, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have your dispatches of the 26th and 27th announcing that Hood's force has appeared before Decatur. I have already sent the Fourth Corps, which should reach	 Wauhatchie to-morrow. Use it freely, and if I see that Hood crosses the Tennessee River, I will also send General Schofield. On these two corps you can engraft all the new troops. With the balance I will go south. Hood has but little ammunition and cannot afford to attack fortified places. Cuthina ll posts to defend themselves manfully and Hood will soon exhaust himself. The greatest danger is of garrisons being cut off. instruct them and see that each has provision s to last till relief comes. If Hood crosses it will be at Lam's Ferry or Bainbridge. Wilson is now well down toward Jacksonville, and appearances are that Hood has shifted his stores over to the Mobile and Ohio road. I will go to Rome to-morrow. Keep me well advised.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ROME, GA. October 28, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Granger must hold Hood as long as he can. hood wont' assault. Both Allatoona and Resaca beat him off, and neither was as strong as Decatur. Granger don't want too many men, They would be in his way. The gun-boats should be ear him. Hood cannot spare ammunition to bombard. Stanley will be at Wauhatchie to-morrow and I may also send Schofield up from here. Notify all commanders of fortified places that numbers are nothing; they must hold their posts against a million. Let them get provisions and ammunition in now. If troops come from Missouri Eastport would be a good place, unless Hood succeeds in crossing the Tennessee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 28, 1864.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

Evidences plenty that the whole rebel army is again on the Tennessee River; left wing before Decatur, and that point has been strongly re-enforced to-day, in anticipation of a serious attempt to capture it. General Sherman is still at Gaylesville, but the Fourth Corps is marching by Valley Head to Bridgeport. Lines working throughout the whole department o-night. General Sherman's messages go via Rome.

River very low.

J. . C VAN DUZER.

