
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry started to the front this morning It will reach Resace on Sunday. They are directed to patrol the country on the east side of the road in their march.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

DECATUR, October 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy, under cover of the darkness, last night, with a heavy column, drove in our pickets, and established a line of rifle-pits 500 yards from our front. About an hour since I sent a force down the river-bank and outside the pits under cover of the forts. They cleaned out the pits, captured 120 men, and killed and wounded a number. These men were of Cheatham's DIVISION. Lee's corps is here and the whole of Hood's army will be here to-night. Prisoners say he is determined to have this place. A thousand or 1,500 men at least ought to reach us to-night.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Rousseau.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 28, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur:

Your dispatch of 9. 20 a. m. this day received. The success of your operations this morning are very satisfactory and will make the enemy careful how he approaches you. I hope that you will make use of this success as an encouragement to your command. Did the two regiments arrive before or after you asked for re-enforcements! Your dispatch reporting their arrival not being timed I cannot tell. Another regiment was ordered to you from Murfreesborough and one from Chattanooga. They should reach you to-day at least. Don't allow your garrison to be discouraged. I believe you can whip Hood's whole army, from what I have heard of Decatur. Get plenty of rations and ammunition. The Fourth Corps is marching as rapidly as possible to your vicinity, but you must rely on yourself. Troops that can do what yours accomplished this morning can accomplish almost anything.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

DECATUR, ALA., October 28, 1864-1. 15 p. m.

Major-Genera THOMAS:

Have just finished little sortie with a colored regiment. It was quite a spirited affair. We lost 3 officers killed and several officers and men wounded. They accomplished the objet for which they were sent out, namely, to spike to the guns of a battery up the river Don't know the damage done to the rebels. We drove the enemy from the rifle-pits. Received further information. Think Hood's force 40,000.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

