
U. S. IRON-CLAD ESSEX,

Memphis, Tenn., October 28, 1864.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, ad interim:

GENERAL: I have forwarded your communication of this day's date to the commander-in-chief of the MISSISSIPPI Squadron. As I was included in the address of your letter, I reply to your query by saying that I agree with you in thinking it will have a beneficial effect in checking guerrilla outrages if steamers be forbidden to land on the east bank of the river between Columbus and this place. If you will issue such an order I will not wait to hear from Captain Pennock in regard to it, but will co-operate with you by giving a similar order tot he gunboats above Memphis. I also sent to Captain Pennock the information you received from Colonel Osband, in regard to another contemplated attack upon Memphis.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT TOWNSEND,

Commander, U. S. Navy.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 28, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Colonel E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding cavalry Expedition, Skipwith's Landing, La.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding corps to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 27th instant, and to inform you of a report just in that a Colonel Lee, of Texas, is on east side of the MISSISSIPPI River above Goodrich's with a considerable force, cavalry and artillery. it is stated that he has crossed 300 men t the WEST side of the river last night between Skipwith's and Goodrich's, and is most probably after your command. You need not remain out longer than Tuesday proximo, unless found necessary.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROME, GA., October 29, 1864.

(Received 1. 35 a. m. 30th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Brigadier-General Ransom died to-day, of sickness incurred on the campaign. He was being carried on a litter from Gaylesville, and got within six miles of Rome, when it became necessary to carry him to a house, where he died. His body is here, and will be sent to Chicago in charge of his personal staff. in his death this army loses one of its best DIVISION commanders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 29, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I have your dispatches to-day. I have pushed Beauregard to the WEST of Decatur, but I know he is pledged to invade Tennessee and

