
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 29, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 1. 15 a. m. 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatches received to-day are forwarded for your information:

DECATUR, ALA., October 29, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Our skirmishers have just driven the enemy on our front out of their rifle-pits into the woods, 1,800 yards from our works. Our men have possession of these pits, and will occupy them to-night. Am satisfied that they are gradually withdrawing, and that their main force will encamp at Courtland to-night. Have sent an additional patrol to Brown's Ferry, and will send a regiment of infantry in that direction in the morning on gun-boat, if it returns from Whitesburg; if not, will send them on foot. Sent gun- boat up river, to patrol it more perfectly.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

I send, also, the following, dated Center Star, via Pulaski, 29th, 4 a. m.:

Major-General THOMAS:

Major Root, Eighth Iowa Cavalry, reports the enemy crossing river at the mouth of Cypress Creek, two miles below Florence. I will move down at once with all the force that can be spared from guarding river, and try and drive them back.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

The Fourth Corps (Stanley's) is at Rossville to-night. Have made arrangements to dispatch it by railroad to Athens and Pulaski as rapidly as possible. Have also referred General Hatch, at Clifton, to re-enforce General Croxton at Florence. With Croxton on the spot to oppose him I do not think the enemy can cross in very heavy force before Stanley can get into position and be prepared to meet him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Sherman.)

ROME, GA., October 29, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Stanley should reach Wauhatchie to-day. Schofield will be here to- night, and I will push him right away for Resaca, to go to Chattanooga, if events call for it. Order all recruits and drafted men accordingly, viz, those for the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Corps, to come to the front. Appoint some good man to organize and arm the convalescents I sent back. I repeat, should the enemy cross the Tennessee River in force abandon all minor points and concentrate your forces at some point where you can cover the road from Murfreesborough to Stevenson. Engraft on Stanley and Schofield all the new troops. Give Schofield a DIVISION of new troops. Give General Tower all the men you can to finish the forts at Nashville, and urge on the navy to pile up gun- boats in the Tennessee River.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

32 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

