HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,October 1, 1864.

General K. GARRARD:

The enemy's infantry is reported to have crossed Chattahoochee and camped near Sweet Water. Your DIVISION should move as soon as possible and take post at or near Powder Springs. Supplies will probably be drawn from Marietta. I have ordered General Kilpatrick to hold Sandtown bridge with dismounted men, and guard the line of Sweet Water Creek as far up as possible, posting your First Brigade on the right. Do not leave any of your DIVISION. General Cox has been directed to use his cavalry. I desire to see you here on you way to the bridge.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Sweet Water Creek, Ga., October 1, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: All the bridges are burned on the Sweet Water and Noyes' Creek. The Sweet Water and Noye's Creek is the enemy's line of picket; neither of these streams can be forded at present. I forced the enemy back, swam the creek at Sweet Water town or bridge, at 1 p. m. to-day, but was driven back after a serve skirmish. At 4 p. m., under cover of my artillery, I made another attempt and was successful. Have about completed a bridge; it will be finished before morning, when I will push forward my reconnaissance. I hold the Sweet Water and Noyes' Creek from Chattahoochee to a point near the crossing of the Powder Springs and Marietta road. Cavalry should be sent in the direction of Powder Springs from Marietta; that is certainly the road upon which the enemy will advance, from all I can learn. If the First Brigade reports by morning I will send it immediately to watch the country in that direction. I have sent scouts in every direction toward the railroad and railroad bridge, and I can learn nothing of the First Brigade, Second DIVISION. A large train of wagons parked last evening on Sweet Water (a branch of Sweet Water) three miles from Powder Springs; scouts just report heavy rebel picket-post this side Noye's Creek on road to Marietta. I fully realize the importance of gaining reliable information, and will make every effort to see the rebel infantry to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

First Brigade is marching to join me. All O. K.

[Indorsement.]

Received 7 a. m. October 2, 1864.

By this time the courier-line from General K. 's headquarters to railroad bridge is established and telegraph operator at bridge.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

