
The column arriving first at the bridge will have the right of way. The ambulances and ammunition train will, as usual, move with their respective DIVISIONS and corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WN. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 135. East Point, Ga., October 3, 1864.

* * * *

III. The Fifteenth Army Corps will march precisely at 5 a. m. to- morrow in the following order: First, advance guard to be furnished by First DIVISION; second, First DIVISION, including Battery F, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Fourth Ohio Battery, First Iowa Battery; THIRD, Second DIVISION, including first section Battery H, First Illinois Light Artillery, Battery A, First Illinois Light Artillery; fourth, headquarters of Fifteenth Army Corps and of DIVISIONS behind ambulances and ammunition of Second DIVISION; fifth, rear guard of one brigade, to be furnished by the Second DIVISION. The ambulances and ten wagons infantry ammunition will follow their respective DIVISIONS. The bulk of the trains will follow the Seventeenth Army Corps, and DIVISION commanders will detail the necessary guards to accompany these trains.

As this corps will march nearest to the enemy, commanding officers will exert all means to keep the column well closed up and ready for any emergency, and not permit straggling under any pretense whatsoever.

A strong line of flankers will be thrown out, principally on the left flank.

Pickets will be relieved when the whole crops is on the line of march.

* * * *

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FREDK. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHITESIDE'S, October 3, 1864.

General John E. SMITH:

Following dispatch just received from cavalry at Trenton, under date of to-day.

Wheeler, with his command, crossed Lookout Mountain, on the road to Dalton, on Saturday. He came from Tuscumbia. I went within twelve miles of Lebanon yesterday. Came back to Valley Head last night. Two corps of rebel infantry are near Blue Mountain. They draw supplies from Talledega by rail. The country is very full of Hood's, Wheller's, and Wetherspoon's scouts.

GEO. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

RESACA, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Commanding:

The railroad bridge at this point was carried away this a. m. by the current and accumulation of drift. A locomotive and flat-cars are needed to haul timber to rebuild it. There is a plenty of timber and

