
a. m. from the south that might be loaded with forage and be loaded back again from Atlanta, but General Easton does not wish to load flats with forage on account of the loss. General Elliott is here in there cars. Shall he be unloaded and retain the cars! Every car is needed.

G. F. TINDALL,

General Agent.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 29, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 8. 40 p. m.)

Major Thomas T. ECKERT,

Assistant Superintendent U. S . Military Telegraph:

Nothing further from Hood, except rumors that some part of his army is crossing Tennessee River, near Florence, which may or may not prove correct. It was looked for lup the river from Decatur instead of below. General Sherman telegraphs that Hood is near Decatur with his whole army, going to Middle Tennessee. Our lines are all working to Atlanta and Knoxville.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 29, 1864-3 p. m.

General SHERMAN, Rome, Ga.:

In consideration of the bad mountain road, I sent only one brigade (Grose's), via Valley Head. he will be at Benton to-night and Shellmound to-morrow night. I will march immediately for Bridgeport, and will try and cross my whole infantry force on Monday. My train from Rome has joined. The cops camps to-night near Rossville. I will be here until 9 a. m. to-morrow.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

ROME, October 29, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY:

Your telegram to the general received, and he directs me to say he is pleased at your rapid march. Can you give him any news from Decatur!

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 29, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Send the following by courier to General Stanley, who should be near Wauhatichie to-day, or somewhere near in Lookout Valley:

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

Move your corps along the line of the railroad as far as Bridgeport. I will have trains prepared at Chattanooga to pick your troops up along the road and carry you to Huntsville or Athens, Ala. To facilitate matters, send a communication to Major-General Steedman, at Chattanooga, stating when you will be ready to take the cars, and he will arrange with Mr. Tindall, superintendent of the road, to send out trains from Chattanooga for you. I wish you to sue the utmost dispatch, as your Early arrival at Huntsvile is important. I think you had better leave one DIVISION to take the

