
to do so. He thought now they would certainly attempt to cross above or below. I am convinced their infantry forces left in the direction of Courtland and they may send some cavalry to cross above. My guide, Harris, a sharp fellow, says from what he has heard above that they will try to cross above, near Whitesburg. I have sent him up there on the gun-boat Thomas. I have also ordered, in addition to force there already, five companies of One hundred and eighty-first Ohio, about 420 men. I have sent to Brown's Ferry 150 of the Tenth Indiana, and will send the Stone River down there with 100 men of the One hundred and eighty-first Ohio. I think Hood will, if he intends to cross, make the effort between Elk River and Eastport. Instructed Colonel Lyon to guard all passes from mouth Flint River to Triana and scout river with cavalry.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

OCTOBER 29, 1864-11 p. m.

In my last telegram I omitted to mention another reason why I think Hood will go to Tuscumbia before crossing. He was evidently out of supplies. His men were all grumbling. The first think the prisoners asked for was something to eat. Hood could not get anything if he should cross this side of Rogersville.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 29, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

I wish you to send for Brigadier-General Cruft and ask him whether he is willing to organize and take command of the convalescents who will come from the army to Chattanooga, where they are to be organized for the defense of that point and Bridgeport, covering also the railroad between the two points. If he expresses his willingness to undertake that work he will get himself to do so at once and then notify me.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, ALA., October 29, 1864-2. 40 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your telegram of 9. 15 the 28th is just received. The men are as wide awake as fleas and as active, and are in good spirits, and I am confident will do everything in their power. I am prepared for any attack that the enemy may make in the morning.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, ALA., October 29, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

A fog envelops the enemy. Their line of skirmisher is still visible 800 yards distant; their bugles were heard about daylight. A faint cheer occasionally is heard from them. I have just ridden around my line and find our troops in splendid spirits. We worked all night, and think we can defy them for a considerable length of time. We have supplies in abundance, especially confidence.

R. S. GRANGER.

(Same to General Rousseau.)

