
between Columbus and this place. So long as this order is in force you will please direct the gun-boats under your command not to permit any steamer to land (under protection or not) on the eastern side of the river below Columbus. It will be well to try whether cutting off their supplies will not induce the inhabitants to take measures to prevent guerrilla attacks upon steamer.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT TOWNSEND,

Commander, U. S. Navy, Senior Officer.

CLARKSVILLE, October 29, 1864.

Captain Thomas C. WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-Colonel Brott, of Fort Donelson, reports that a part [of] Forrest's force, with three pieces of artillery, sank a steamer and barge loaded with army clothing at Force Heiman this morning. Captain Cutler, with twenty-five mounted infantry, attacked and drove across the river sixty of Colonel Malone's Confederate cavalry to-day; killed 2, wounded 8.

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel Eighty-THIRD Illinois.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 29, 1864.

Colonel BECKWITH, Atlanta, Ga.:

How are you getting on with the movement of things? There is an immense herd of cattle here. Won't we have to send some back? General Stanley's corps is in Chattanooga. I will send Schofield to Resaca and be ready to move down with the balance as soon as all things are ready. We will be ready to move from here in three days. How long do you want? I have heard nothing of Hood to-day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 30, 1864-10. 10 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Rome, Ga.:

Your telegram of 29th, 12 p. m. (midnight), received. The river is so low that General Smith can reach the MISSISSIPPI sooner by marching. he leaves in the morning. It will require ten days to reach Mississippi, where boats and complete supplies will await him. Whatever is possible will be done to enable you to make a sure thing against Beauregard. I hope you will be abel to give that army a thorough defeat.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 30, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Rome, Ga.:

I have Winslow's cavalry from Washburn, and also Moore's brigade, of Seventeenth Army Corps. Though they belong to you, I should be

