
material near here. The wire is working to Cartersville. General Raum telegraphs that troops have been sent from there to the relief of Acworth. Marietta is reported captured. A large wagon train of the enemy crossed the road near Dalton yesterday, moving south. The main force of the enemy left the rain where it crossed the road, passed down between the railroad and the mountains on the west, and passed up toward Villanow through the gap. This force is reported to consist of five regiments and three pieces of artillery. The bridges across the Chattachoochee have been carried away.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. R. WEVER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, October 3, 1864. (Received 8. 10 p. m.)

[General John E. SMITH:]

GENERAL: I have dispatches from Resaca to the effect that Wheeler with a large force, camped night before last near Snake Creek Gap; that part of his force tore up the track, &amp;c., north of Tilton at daylight this morning, and that a heavy force crossed the railroad during ture 4,000 head of cattle now near Adairsville. I propose sending all the Fifth Ohio Cavalry to Adairsville in the morning. If you can send any mounted men I think it would be well to do so. I suggest that you telegraph to Colonel Watkins to send his available force at daylight to protect the cattle. My impression is that Wheeler has not been able to ford the Coosawattee to-day. It may fall enough to-night to be fordable four miles above Field's Mill to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, October 3, 1864. (Received 9. 10 p. m.)

[General John E. SMITH:]

GENERAL: There are no trains by which troops can be sent to Adairsville. The Rome train is off the track, and there is no train nearer than Marietta. I intend sending a hand-car at daylight in the morning to Marietta for a train, and will immediately send infantry to guard the cattle. General Corse has offered from 1,000 to 5,000 men for that purpose, if necessary. Colonels Heath and Watkins will be able to reach there with their men before infantry can be sent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 3, 1864.

General VANDEVER,

Marietta:

There is no doubt Hood is over about Powder Springs with a part of his infantry and cavalry, and the balance is intrenched down by Palmetto. I have sent four DIVISION to Smyrna, and in case you are

