
glad, with your consent, to retain them until the country is rid of Price's disbanded rebels and the guerrillas, who will be doubtless murdering our people and doing much mischief for some weeks to come. If you assent, please telegraph me and direct General Washburn to send company papers and property, so Winslow's men can be clad and sheltered. The men came to me so naked I was obliged to issue extra clothing, and in justice to them, if they have to pay for it, and to the Government, if they do not, their clothing should be sent them from Memphis.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ATALANTA, October 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch is received. The cars passed over the entire road both ways yesterday for the first time. Everything depends upon the ability of the road. If cannot be now worked to its full capacity, for the sindings and switches, water-tanks, &amp;c., are not yet finished, nor is the road ballasted. Trains have to move slow. There is much freight to come forward, and much material to go back, and no calculation can be made as to time. I do not think we have too many cattle; any how, they are easily disposed of at the last moment.

A. BECKWITH,

Colonel and Chief Commissary of Subsistence.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 30, 1864.

Colonel A. BECKWITH,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Discriminate as to the things sent north and ordered to Atlanta, as I may have to move earlier than it is possible to complete the arrangements; also, Thomas may have to use much of the rolling- stock above Chattanooga. Order things back to Resaca, if no farther, as I will send Schofield there to cover that point as long as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., NO. 110. In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 30, 1864.

I. Brigadier General Z. B. Tower, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby appointed inspector-general of fortifications in this military DIVISION. He will, at his discretion, visit and inspect the works that need his attention, and will make all necessary orders in the name of the commanding general to local commanders and commanders of districts as to the work to be done. He will also control the estimates of all engineers charged with the construction of works of a permanent nature, and define what part should be done by hired labor and what by the troops at hand.

* * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

