
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., NO. 111. In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 30, 1864.

I. Major General J. M. Schofield will move his corps to Resaca, and relieve all troops along the railroad belonging to the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Corps, and order them to join their proper DIVISIONS by Kingston. He will cover the railroad during the movement of the trains and report for further instructions to Major General George H. Thomas, at Nashville, both by telegraph and letter.

II. Bvt. Major General Jeff. C. Davis will move his corps to Kingston and there await further orders.

III. Major General O. O. Howard, with the cavalry, will move his army by easy marches to Dallas and Smyrna Camp-Ground, reporting his position as often as possible en route that orders may reach him via Allatoona and Martietta.

IV. All detachment and recruits will join their respective corps at once by the most direct route.

V. Brigadier General John E. Smith will assemble his DIVISION at Cartersville and Allatoona, and Brigadier General John M. Corse will hold his at Rome until further orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

CALHOUN, October 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

My men killed some of those fellows two or three days since, and I had their houses burned. Watkins is not here, but I will carry out your instructions thoroughly and leave the country east of the road uninhabitable, if necessary.

F. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Rome, Ga., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Cavalry DIVISION:

GENERAL: Kilpatrick has been ordered to send his dismounted men here for remount. They will arrive to-morrow or next day. Please have arrangements made to transfer to him the necessary number, and let me know how many more you can raise. Kilpatrick will want 1,100 at once, and probably 500 more for men at Nashville. He will be here himself to-morrow. General Sherman agrees to the proposition of allowing your whole DIVISION to go to Nashville. You will, therefore, make arrangements accordingly, and to expedite them may move in as near to Rome as you can get forage. Kilpatrick will want twenty-five good wagons and teams from you. Have them arranged ready for transfer with the horses. General Long leaves Louisville to-day, so you will have no delay at Nashville. I shall go to Nashville as soon as I can get Kilpatrick equipped for the field. General Johnson has been relieved by Chambliss in pursuance of instructions from the War Department. Make the disposition herein indicated as soon as you can,

