
always keeping in view that I want Miller's brigade left in the best possible condition for active service as soon as we get back to Tennessee.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cave Spring, October 30, 1864-1 p. m.

General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: My head of column has arrived here. I will encamp Seventeenth Corps one mile beyond this place, on the Rome road; the Fifteenth Corps here. My entire command will be here to-night. We found the roads very bad till within abut seven miles of Cave Spring. From citizens I learn that the nearest road to Martietta leaves Van Wert to the left, passing through Cedartown. I am in Vann's Valley. Do you wish me to push up nearer Rome? The road from Cave Spring to Van Wert, via Cedartown, is as good and shorter than the ridge road that General Davis took. The bridge across the Coosa broke once and delay us somewhat. General Osterhaus destroyed it after crossing. Garrard's cavalry will be here to-night. Nothing heard of the enemy, except the report that Wheeler's cavalry crossed south at Gadsden, on hearing that a corps of U. S. troops had crossed the river. We have met a few rebel scouting parties.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, October 30, 1864-7. 15 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 1 p. m. just received. General Blair and General Smith are here, and with a lot of recruits and furloughed men, &c., will join you to-morrow. He [Blair?] will also convey orders and dispatches. In the mean time be prepared to move leisurely by such road as you may think best in the direction of Dallas. Please notify General Garrard that the general commanding directs that he come toward this place as far as he may think best, and go into camp convenient for forage, and there await orders, the object being to make some changes in his mount. Hood has left Decatur and gone toward Tuscumbia and the Shoals, not having made anything there. He is short of supplies.

I am, general, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

General Ransom died yesterday about 2 o'clock, some six miles from here, and his body has been sent north.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, NO. 157. In the Field, Alabama, October 30, 1864.

I. The command will march to-morrow toward Rome, Ga. General Hazen, commanding Second DIVISION, will leave camp precisely as 6

