
prisoners admit that Hood's loss, killed and wounded, at Decatur, numbered in the neighborhood of 1,000. Colonels Doolittle and Morgan, who have just returned from the reconnaissance, report hearing firing down the river, at about the rate of eight shots per minute, continuing for about fifteen minutes. It is probably General Croxton opposing the enemy at Bainbridge, as he reported last night that he had learned, from a reliable source, that the enemy intended crossing at that place. Have not heard from Crowton to-day. The whole of General T. J. Wood's DIVISION, Fourth Corps, left Chattanooga on cars at 10 a. m. to-day for Athens, and General Stanley expects to have his other two DIVISIONS en route by to- morrow morning. I believe they will reach Athens in time to prevent the enemy from making any farther progress into the country. Have ordered an additional brigade of cavalry to start from this place to-morrow morning, to re-enforce General Croxton.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Sherman.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., October 30, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Rome, Ga.:

Your two dispatches of 12. yesterday received. One DIVISION of Stanley's troops have already left Chattanooga for Athens, and Tindall promises to have them all off by to-morrow. I have a dispatch from Croxton at 9 p. m. last night. he says nothing further of the crossing of the enemy at Florence, but that he learns from a source that he cannot doubt that Hood's whole army reached Town Creek last night and would cross there. I have already directed him to oppose Hood with his whole available force, reporting direct to Stanley at Athens and to me here, via Pulaski. Ordered Hatch lat night to re-enforce Croxton at once. Granger believes Hood has gone toward Tuscumbia, but he thinks he will be compelled to wait a day or two to get provisions, as his troops were almost mutinous at not having food when he was before Decatur; if he delays two days he will have no chance to get across. I think Schofield had better remain at Resaca for a day or two, or until we get further information. I have already direct Steedman to push forward all the recruits and drafted men belonging to the regiments with you. I have repeated my application to Commodore Pennock for gun-boats to go up the Tennessee. Have telegraphed to Rosecrans, at Saint Louis, to send A. J. Smith's and Mower's DIVISION to Eastport and the cavalry to Memphis. I doubt if Rosecrans will send them.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Dispatch of to-day received. I agree with Granger that Hood must delay for provisions. He cannot ford the Tennessee, and must pass his artillery by a pontoon bridge, which can only be laid in the reach about Florence, between Colbert and Muscle Shoals. Schofield is here and

