
moves to-morrow for Resaca to report to you. Jeff. Davis will move to Kingston, and Howard to Martietta, via Van Wert and Dallas. I will keep all the horses, and will send Wilson, with all the dismounted cavalry, back to Tennessee, where to can make up a very heavy cavalry force, subject to your orders in case I depart for the south. Hood must have seen Stanley moving to you, and has heard the result of affairs in Missouri and the Shenandoah, and will hesitate to put his army in Middle Tennessee at this season of the year, with the Tennessee River at his back; but I want you to keep me advised up to the last moment. It may take five days yet to get everything back, and during that time he may turn toward me, thinking I have divided my forces. General Rosecrans telegraphs me that he has ordered Generals Mower's and Smith's DIVISIONS to Teneessee, and I have asked him to embark them at Booneville or Lexington, and send them in boats to the Tennessee River, reporting to you from Paducah.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nahville, Tenn., October 30, 1864-12 m.

Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding, Mound City, Ill.:

Have seen your telegram of 29th to General Webster. The enemy is in strong force before Decatur, and also threatening to cross about Florence. I am moving the Fourth Army Corps oppose him, and will be much obliged to you if you will aid me by sending as many gun-boats up to the Tennessee River as you can spare, and as far as Eastport if the water will admit. Forrest cannot long remain at Jefferson after I get a force on the Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 30, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUN-BOAT FLEET,

Bridgeport, Ala.:

Please impress upon the minds of the officers commanding gun-boats the great necessity of their patrolling the river at night as well as in the day. It is in the night small parties cross the river who sometimes give considerable trouble.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 30, 1864.

G. F. TINDALL,

General Agent of Transportation, Chattanooga:

Unload all cars that can be unloaded and make use of them to carry troops to Athens. General Elliott can go into his old quarters at Chattanooga for the present.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

