
and eight of infantry near Somerville on the 28th. Patrols last night report foraging parties on river-bank; their picket-line appears to have been strengthened and the One hundred and eighty- first Ohio will leave for that place at midnight. Colonel Horner goes with it to direct operations.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

I will be ready to forwarded the regiment to Athens on short notice. I re-enforce Athens this evening with five companies Ohio volunteer infantry and a battery of artillery. Will try and get up another regiment this evening. They are all out now driving away the rear guard of Hood's army. I wish to make Athens as strong as possible before Hood's advance can reach it. I don't think it possible for his army to cross the river and get there before to- morrow, if the should choose to go that way. The fort at Athens is the best constructed in the district, and I know can hold out against an enemy of 10,000 men with a garrison of 700, which is as many as could be of any use. I don't feel satisfied that Hood intends to cross at Bainbridge, as it has no advntages over positions below, and there he can get his supplies.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASVILLE, TENN., October 30, 1864-9. 30 a. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

General Stanley will start from Chattanooga this morning, and the greater part of his corps will reach Athens to-morrow by evening. I directed General Stanley to take with him three days' rations from Chattanooga, but you had better be prepared to issue rations to his command at Athens. Have your commissary to make application for cattle also, so as to prepared for any emergency. Keep the gunboats constantly patrolling the river above you, and be prepared to re-enforce General Stanley with all the regiments sent to you from this place, should you find the enemy has crossed the river below.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, ALA., October 30, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy are upon the road near Larkinsville, and have torn up some track; a force of repairers are out to work upon the break. Cannot I send up one of the news regiments on the road as guard? I have nothing else to use. I cannot send anything from my garrison proper. I wish the general commanding would order the gun-boats to patrol the river, no matter how dark it may be. They are a little shy about running on the shoal places at night. Night I consider to be the most important time, as then these small parties cross. I have ordered out a strong reconnoitering party on the Moulton road, as it is reported a column is advancing upon Decatur from that direction. I have no idea that it is a force likely to threaten us in our present situation, but think it may be the force mentioned in Colonel Lyon's dispatch. Have we any troops coming in from Gadsden? It was so reported some time since.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

