
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur:

You can send one of the new regiments up the railroad to guard the repairs in their work, as you requested. I wish you to be ready to re-enforce General Croxton if this should be necessary. You must urge upon the commanding officers of the gun-boats the importance of patrolling the river at night as well in the day. Watch the enemy's movements well and report any new discoveries.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, ALA., October 30, 1864-5. 20 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonels Doolittle and Morgan, who were out on the Courtland road, report hearing heavy firing down the river at the rate of eight shots per minute. It continued about fifteen minutes and ceased about twenty minutes ago. My couriers will report within an hour a half if anything has occurred. If it is within my reach I will send assistance. The column seen on the Moulton road was a small body of cavalry-300, not more-probably Roddey.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Generals Sherman and Rousseau.)

DECATUR, ALA., October 30, 1864-7. 55 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following telegrams have just been received:

HUNTSVILLE, October 30, 1864.

Commanding officer at Whitesburg reports everything all quiet there. Gun-boat General Thomas was there at 11 this a. m., and was to return to Decatur during the afternoon. Was not fired at or saw anything of the enemy on the way up. The following dispatch just been received:

"CLAYSVILLE LANDIG, 1864.

"Colonel WILLIAM P. LYON,

"Huntsville:

"I sent David Henry across the river last night. He says that Clanton, with about 800 men, Smith, with 300 men, are all the force in this vicinity. They are camped near Warrenton. Hood, he reports, has passed down the river. Health of command improving rapidly.

"JNO T. FISH,

"Lieutenant, Thirteenth Wisconsin. "

My patrols go up the river to Claysville and down to Triana. They captured 376 feet of 2-inch rope near the mouth of Flint River on the night of the 25th.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

