
place. All the prisoners state that wherever our shells and sharpshooters could reach they suffered very heavy loss. I know that our artillery practice was excellent. I have this very moment received a communication from Major Swallow, Tenth Cavalry, dated October 30, 1. 30 a. m., Brown's Ferry. He says all quiet at this point; no indications of the enemy. He proceeds immediately to the mouth of Elk River and Lamb's Ferry. He has 150 cavalry. We made a few prisoners this morning, stragglers, who were trying to get through to their commands. I have out strong scouting parties and hope to pick up some more.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Generals Thomas and Rousseau.)

CENTRE STAR, October 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy made a demonstration to cross at the mount of Cypress Creek, but failed. All quiet this morning at Bainbridge and as far as heard from. I have companies Lamb's Ferry, which you said General would do. If any troops can be sent there to relieve mine I would be glad, as the line I guard is so very long and so many of my horses have some singular foot disease that renders them unserviceables. Hood undoubtedly is over the river. The rebels are repairing the railroad from Cherokee to Tuscumbia. When I took command of this brigade, July 20, the reports were up only to March. You know how little opportunity we have had since; nearly all the officers of two regiments were captured, and those were left are on duty nearly all the time, besides having to make up the back returns of two or three companies. We have the reports up to October 1, ready to go to General McCook as soon as I learn where he is. Your dispatch just received directing me to send General Hatch at Clifton in the event of the enemy effecting a crossing. I will send for him at once.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Centre Star, via Pulaski:

Your telegram reporting Hood's intention to cross the river last night is received. Oppose him with all the cavalry force you have and send word to General Stanley at Athens and to me at this place, via Pulaski, I have ordered General Hatch to re-enforce you. You must observe all the crossings closely, as it may be that Hood has given out that he will cross at Bainbridge to attract you there so that he can cross somewhere else. Use every means to delay him as long as you can, and, if possible to prevent, do not permit him to cross the river.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Vounteers, Commanding.

