
SHOAL CREEK, ALA., October 30, 1864-7 p. m.
(Via Pulaski 31st.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy landed his infantry three miles above Florence at 4 p. m. I concentrated all my force in reach and tried to drive them back, put could not. At the same time there was heavy cannonading below, from which I could not hear. I will send my transportation to Pulaski, and do what I can to stay their progress. I think they will strike for Columbia. I have started a dispatch to General Hatch at Clifton asking him to move toward Lawrenceburg.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to R. S. Granger and by him repeated October 31 to General Stanley.)

HUNTSVILLE, October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER, Decatur:

The enemy are coming in here on the Meridianville pike. We don't know their strength. Have sent out to see how strong they are. Will keep you advised as long as we can of them.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 30, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I ordered out the two cavalry companies stationed at Decherd yesterday evening to support the scouting party sent from here on Friday. They were met six miles southwest of Winchester this morning by a superior force of guerrillas, and repulsed. I have ordered all my available cavalry from here in that direction. If General Granger could send some cavalry from Huntsville to New Market to co-operate with my cavalry I think the guerrillas of this region could be dispersed.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

JOHNSVILLE, TENN., October 30, 1864.

Captain WILLARD, Aide-de-Camp:

Gun-boat Key WEST arrived this a. m. from above. The commander reports the last of General Hatch's troops left Clifton yesterday at 9 a. m.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel. &amp;c.

JOHNSVILLE, October 30, 1864.

(Received 31st.)

Captain Thomas C. WILLIAMS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

From information received from scouts I anticipate an attack on the place Wednesday of Thursday. If you have any troops to spare I think they should be sent here.

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

