
received information that a rebel force of about 500 men is in Union and Henderson Counties, Ky., and that they contemplate taking possession of steam-boats for the purpose of sacking and burning towns on the Indiana border, and to inform you that a telegram has been sent to Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky, to know if he has received any information of this force, and to know what he can do to prevent them should they attempt the movement reported in your letter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 30, 1864-8. 05 p. m.

Major General A. P. HOVEY,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

General Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky, reports the forces in Union and Henderson Counties to be unorganized guerrillas, and that he has sent a force to Henderson and one to Owensborough, sufficient to prevent any crossing.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Pulaski:

It is imperative that you halt your command at Pulaski and co- operate with General Croxton in resisting the progress of Hood into Middle Tennessee. Get on the road between the enemy and Columbia and open communication with General Croxton at Shoal Creek. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 30, 1864.

Major-General DANA, or

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Memphis, via Cairo:

General Howards is on the march, and I telegraph you that General Beauregard is moving his army across to the head of the Tennessee to get me out of Georgia. He won't succeed in his object. Don't be concerned on the river. He cannot make a lodgment on the Mississippi, for we have troops in Missouri and Tennessee that can easily reach the river, and Beauregard won't make the mistake of Pemberton and Frank Gardner. He may annoy you, but you can annoy him far more. He cannot afford to attack forts or men intrenched, for ammunition is scarce with him, and all supplies, except cor, which he gets in the country. He will be dependent on the Mobile and Ohio road, which should be threatened in its whole length. My old route to Meridian is

