
one way; another by Brownsville, Canton, Kosciuskio, and Macon; also from Natchez out through South Mississippi. Expeditions on each of these lines will force him to keep a large part of his cavalry busy. If he move up to Jackson, Tenn., Trenton, &amp;c., let him go, and send word to him if he behaves himself he may stay there, but when he finds that I have not left Georgia, but on the contrary quite the revers, he will doubtless draw to Selma. He will most likely cross into Middle Tennessee somewhere about Florence, but General Thomas is ready for him. In case of danger my orders are that he forts proper must be held to the death. He has not taken one from me here and only two block-houses. All Georgia and Alabama are now open to me, as well as the Carolinas. Give these ideas to all your river posts. Don't attempt to hold the interior further than as threatening to his lines of supply. I will furnish General Howard a copy of this that he may understand.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., October 30, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your telegram dated Little River, October 24, 1864, is just at hand. I have sent an order to General Hatch to join you at the front, via Stevenson, Trenton, and Rome. At last accounts he was at Clifton, on the Tennessee River. His camp, convalescents, &c., are here. I have ordered them to Nashville, via Cairo and Johnsonville. This command was long since, by order of Major General C. C. Washburn, organized into two DIVISIONS, one under General Hatch, the other under Colonel Winslow, the whole called a corps, and commanded by me. This does not include the cavalry at Vicksburg and Natchez, of which there is a brigade, and which has never been ordered to report to me. General Hatch, with the effective force of this command, about 2,500 men, has been absent just one month by order of Major-General Washburn, and must needs be in bad condition, as he is without supplies Colonel Winslow, with over 2,000 of his command, has been absent nearly two months. By General Washburn's order he went to Arkansas, and from thence he went to Missouri, and at last accounts he was in the vicinity of Kansas. I have endeavored to get him back, and sent one of my staff for that purpose, but so far without success. I understand that General Rosecrans is endeavoring to get the rest of Winslow's command ordered to his department. I am now going in person to see General Rosecrans upon the subject. Thus my command is scattered, leaving me less than 2,000 mounted men, detachments of every regiment in the command, at this point, and making it impossible for me to operate with any degree of success in this locality, Forrest, with his entire force, probably 8,000 men,. being at present at Jackson, Tenn., quietly resting and refitting his command preparatory to some other movement, probably into Kentucky. I have worked hard for the past six months to place my command in condition for the field, and, in spite of several unsuccessful expeditions made by General Sturgis and who were sent here to command my troops, I had at length succeeded in organizing, mounting, and arming my entire force, and at the time my command was scattered I had the finest and most

