
CAVE SPRING, GA., October 31, 1864.

Captain E. H. KIRLIN,

Aide-de-Camp:

You will proceed to Rome, Ga., to-night. Instruct the regiment near Vann's Valley Post-Office to move back to the cross-roads at Ford's house, and remain there until the arrival of the supply train from Rome, or other wagons or ambulances that may now be at Rome, belonging to this command. You will move the train and guard to Cedartown, leaving the cross-roads about 10 or 11 a. m. to-morrow. You will find General Kilpatrick and get him to move in conjunction with you, and, if he can get ready soon enough, reporting to me at Cedartown. The two companies of First Alabama Cavalry will accompany you to Rome and report to Colonel Spencer.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, NO. 153. Cave Spring, Ga., October 31, 1864.

* * * * * *

V. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will immediately move forward with his command on the main road to Rome, some six miles, and encamp, awaiting further orders. The regiment from his command on provost duty in the town will remain until further orders.

* * * * * *

VII. Special Orders, No. 153, extract V, from these headquarters, of this date, is revoked. The movements of the Seventeenth Corps, as therein indicated, will not be made.

VIII. The following order regulating the movement of troops and trains of this army will be observed while on the march:

In leading DIVISIONS of each corps-

1. Troops of DIVISION.

2. Artillery (to be distributed when necessary by corps commanders).

3. DIVISION ambulance train and medical wagons.

4. DIVISION ammunition train (infantry), ten wagons,.

5. Corps headquarters train.

6. DIVISION and brigade headquarters trains.

7. Regimental wagons, one to each regiment.

8. This order will be substantially the same in the other DIVISIONS.

9. Pioneer wagons will be located by corps or DIVISION commanders.

One army wagon will follow each battery of artillery.

Department headquarters train will be directed in each day's march.

Supply trains will include supply wagons, ordnance, and extra regimental and battery wagons.

Supply trains, when consolidated, will be under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the army.

The supply train will always have a guard, unless otherwise ordered, and will be carefully separated from the trains that accompany the troops, and parked by themselves, unless otherwise directed.

Every quartermaster should be with his train, giving it every necessary attention.

* * * * *

