
4. Major J. W. Powell, commanding Artillery Brigade, will cause one battery to report to each DIVISION, to move therewith as may seem best to the DIVISION commander.

5. The supply train will follow the corps.

VII. Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth DIVISION, will cause to be detailed from his command two regiments to march in rear of the column and act as rear guard-that is, in rear of everything.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move your DIVISION to Kingston (starting to-morrow morning at an early hour) and there await further orders.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 12. 45 a. m. November 1.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The Tennessee having fallen so low as to be fordable at several points, the enemy succeeded yesterday afternoon in crossing at Bainbridge, above, and the mouth of Cypress Creek, below, Florence, in spite of General Croxton's efforts to prevent them. Croxton is falling back on Pulaski, where I expect him to be joined by General Hatch, with a small DIVISION of cavalry belonging to the Army of the Tennessee. Stanley, in command of the Fourth Corps, Army of the Cumberland, is marching for Pulaski also, and I shall use every exertion to get General Schofield there with the Twenty-THIRD Corps, but it will be difficult to effect the latter, as Schofield is at Resaca to-night. With Schofield and Stanley I feel confident I can drive Hood back. I can hear nothing of the Missouri troops. The twelve new regiments which have reached me have been entirely absorbed in replacing necessary garrisons in this district, exhausted by the old regiments composing them going out of service, so that I have no available troops now here except Stanley's corps, which should be between Athens and Pulaski to-night, and Hatch's DIVISION and Croxton's brigade of cavalry. I therefore urgently request that the Missouri re-enforcements be urged forward as rapidly as possible. have heard nothing of the six regiments since your telegram informing me they would be sent. Two of these regiments belong to Ohio, two to Michigan, and two from General Pope's army. The commanding officer at Johnsonville reports the capture by the enemy last night of one gun-boat and five transports, below that place, on the Tennessee River. He reports that he is in daily expectation of being attacked. Have no re- enforcements to send him, unless the Missouri troops arrive in time to do so.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

