
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864-9. 30 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Rome, Ga.:

General Croxton reports that the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River four miles above Florence. He reports also that he was unable to prevent the enemy crossing, but will resist their farther progress as long as possible. I have ordered General Hatch to move to Lawrenceburg, between Hood and Columbia, and to co-operate with General Croxton in resisting the enemy's progress. I have also ordered Stanley's corps to Pulaski to hold that place. Can you send me Schofield to take post at Columbia at once? I make this application because the force at Chattanooga is not sufficiently large or well organized to do more than defend that place.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROME, GA., October 31, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

You must unite all your men into one army and abandon all minor points if you expect to defeat Hood. He will not attack posts, but will march around them. General Schofield is marching to-day from here to Resaca, where he will report to you for orders. His advance will be at Resaca to-night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 31, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Have telegraphed General Rosecrans at Saint Louis, and also to commanding officer at Paducah, but can hear nothing from them. Now that Hood has undoubtedly crossed the river I think it important that General Schofield should be sent to Columbia as soon as possible, as I have no certainty of getting any other troops. There are still six regiments due from the North. If you approve this, please order General Schofield to proceed at once by rail to Columbia.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864-6. 30 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Rome, Ga.:

I am endeavoring to concentrate my troops as much as possible and trying to place them at Pulaski, Decatur being held by Granger's forces, and shall therefore order Schofield to come with all his corps, except one brigade, by rail, as rapidly as possible. I am sure Stanley's force will not be large enough to drive Hood's whole army back, as he has a large cavalry force. I can hear nothing of the troops from Missouri, and cannot, therefore, rely upon their reaching me. Neither can I hear anything of the balance of the new regiments expected. I consider it absolutely necessary for General Schofield to come. There is no doubt

