
but there is a larger force of the enemy in WEST Tennessee and now crossing the Tennessee near Florence. I learn by telegraph from Johnsonville that one gun-boat and five transports were captured last night below Johnsville, and the commanding officer at Johnsville expects to be attacked daily, and I have no troops to re-enforce him unless the Missouri troops should accidentally get there in time to do so. The water in the Tennessee River having fallen very low the enemy was enabled to cross at three or four points in spite of Croxton's efforts to prevent them. If General Hatch does not disregard my orders for him to halt at Pulaski he and Croxton, with Stanley, may be able to hold Hood at Pulaski until General Schofield can get up.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., October 31, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Easton is ordered to send by cars General Schofield's whole corps to you at any point you may indicate. General Schofield's head of column should now be at Resaca. I have also ordered General Wilson, with 3,000 armed dismounted cavalry, to Resaca to proceed to Nashville for remount. They will join you as soon as possible. Bear in mind my instructions as to concentration and not let Hood catch you in detail.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROME, GA., October 31, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

(Received 12. 30 a. m. November 1.)

Major-General THOMAS:

If you expect Schofield you must order more activity of the trains.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to express to you the great gratification he has felt during his recent inspection and examination of the different branches of the quartermaster's department under your supervision and charge at this post. He desires not only to signify his warm approval of all that you have undertaken and so successfully completed, but would commend you for the earnest, untiring zeal with which you have devoted your energies to the interest of the army, in anticipating and supplying all its wants, and thus assisting in no small measure to its successful advancements, and the final triumph in the campaign just closed. Particulary is he pleased with the orders and system which rules and regulates every subdivision of your department, wrought out as it has been by your industry from the chaos and confusion in which you found it upon

