HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Calhoun, Ga., October 31, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

By direction of Major-General Sherman, I have the honor to report to you for orders. My troops are near this place, and ready to move. I will march to Resaca early in the morning, and be ready to take the cars there or continue the march, as you may direct. If you desire me to move by rail please order down the necessary trains.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major General John M. SCHOFIELD,

Resaca:

I wish you to move your corps by rail, except one brigade, which will be left to garrison Resaca, to Tullahoma, and thence with as much expedition as possible by road to Pulaski. Provide yourself with an ample supply of ammunition and provisions to carry you to Pulaski. Report your arrival at Tullahoma. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 31, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Have just seen Mr. Anderson, the superintendent of military roads, and he suggests that you march your corps, exepting the brigade to be left at Resaca, from to Dalton, where you can take the cars and run to Pulaski, via Nashville. I wish you to this, and transportation will reach you at Dalton to-morrow evening. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., October 31, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Calhoun, Ga.:

Your dispatch of this p. m. is received. I sent a dispatch to Resaca this evening requesting that you would march your corps, excepting one brigade, which you will leave to garrison Resaca, to Dalton, where transportation will await you to carry command to Pulaski, via Nashville. General Sherman informed me that you would march to Resaca, and I therefore sent my dispatch to that place. Transportation will be at Dalton for your command to-morrow evening, and in view of the great need of your presence with your corps here now I would urge your coming with as little delay as possible. Please acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

