
DECATUR, ALA., October 31, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following telegram received:

HUNTSVILLE, October 31, 1864.

A courier from Hood's army came into town this eve. The information he brought to the rebel club in this place is that Hood will not come in this direction, unless thwarted in his designs. He will advance on Nashville, make a feint on this place, and cross the Cumberland at Clarksville into Kentucky. Forrest will act in concert with him and pounce into Kentucky to prepare his coming.

JNO W. HORNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Generals Rousseau and Steedman.)

HUNTSVILLE, October 31, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Couriers in who left Whitesburg at 8 o'clock this morning. All quiet on both sides of the river and at this place. No enemy visible.

WM. P. LYON,

Colone. Commanding Thirteenth Wisconsing and Post.

SHOAL CREEK, ALA., October 31, 1864-3 a. m.

(Via Pulaski.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Clift, commanding Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, reports the enemy's cavalry have driven him up the military road beyon Bough's Factory, and that he is falling back to Lexington. I have started a dispatch through to General Hatch, but think you had better send a courier from Columbia to him. I think the enemy are pressing their cavalry forwarded as rapidly as they can in order to strike the railroad. This is Hood. I think you may rest assured of that. Their cavalry crossed below Florence. My train was started last night for Pulaski and will, I think, go through safely.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864-8. 40 a. m.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Centre Star, via Pulaski:

Urge General Hatch to send you re-enforcements as rapidly as possible. Capron's brigade of cavalry, Army of the Ohio, stars this morning to report to you. It may be, however, partially diverted from service with you, as a large body of guerrillas is reported near New Market and Larkinsville. General Stanley advised of everything that is going on, but do not neglect to report to me at this place. Send your returns to Chattanooga, to my headquarters there, to be delivered to Lieutenant Porter by the hands of trusty and intelligent

