
Michigan Cavalry had turned in their arms to go to Nashville. I have directed that they retake their arms and remain until further orders. They number about 350. Leaving out the artilllery, the whole force now here is not over 800. About 250 of these are recruits. I have directed Colonel Sipes to send scouting parties at once on all the roads leading in the direction of Florence and westwardly.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE, Lexington, Ky.:

Colonel Donaldson, chief quartermasters, Department of the Cumberland, has received a telegram from Captain Howland at Johnsonville, on the Tennessee, that the enemy, supposed to be Forrest's and Buford's force, captured one gun-boat and five transportation on the Tennessee River below Johnsonville. I have heard nothing more from that quartermaster. The enemy crossed the Tennessee River yesterday at 4 p. m. above and below Florence. It is necessary that I have all the troops belonging here and all re- enforcements forwarded as rapidly as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., October 31, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Johnson telegraphs from Hopkinsville:

It is reported that Forrest and Buford, with 8,000 men, are in the vicinity of Fort Henry. Rebels, with two batteries, have whipped the gun-boats.

Have you any information as to the position and intention of this force? Please answer at once.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, KY., October 31, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I selected seventy-five men of my cavalry and sent them on a scout to the Tennessee line on Saturday last. They have just returned, having taken some prisoners, and report that Forrest's whole command is at Paris. Chalmers and Lyon are both there, Chalmers having 3,000 men, with eight pieces of artillery. General Buford has also eight pieces of artillery. Forrest's main command, number not known. Buford has the five pieces recently taken at Eastport. They blockaded the Tennessee, as reported to you this day, and from information received they intend attacking Johnsonville soon. A column of the enemy moved yesterday in the direction of the Tennessee, eight miles beyond Mayfield. The reports all concur in the opinion that I am to be attacked soon. I believe they first intend to attack Johnsonville and then move on Paducah. You can depend upon a gallant defense of this place. The force at my disposal is very small, but I will use it to the best advantage.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

