
PADUCAH, KY., October 31, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: The steamer Anna arrived last night from Johnsonville, Tenn. ; reports that she was fired upon by three batteries of four guns each at Fort Heiman, some of the guns 12-pounders. The boat is badly damaged, but succeeded in passing the batteries by the good conduct of its officers. She reports that the steamer Mazeppa and one barge were taken, heavily laden with Government stores. Boat burned on Saturday morning about the same point. I issued an order on the same day forbidding any boats to pass up the Tennessee River until further orders. It is believed that the river is now completely blockaded. From information received to-day there is a large force in my front, and I am in daily expectation of being attacked. Detachments of Ninth and Thirteenth Indiana [Cavalry], Twenty-sixth Kentucky, and Thirtieth Wisconsin have arrived at this post. I have no fears but that I can hold the place, but cannot make an aggressive movement.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Clifton, via Johnsonville:

General Croxton reports that the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River above Florence. I wish you to move with your whole force at once to Lawrenceburg and get between the enemy and Columbia, cooperating with General Croxton in resisting the enemy's progress into Middle Tennessee as much as you possibly can. Please acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., October 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION, Clifton, Tenn.:

I am ordered by Major General J. H. Wilson, commanding cavalry, military DIVISION, to preparate for an important movement. Winslow will probably not get back, and I must have at least one good regiment with the command I have here. You are, therefore, directed to send the Sixth Illinois Cavalry back to this point by the boats which bring the remain.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 31, 1864-9 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Paducah:

General Croxton reports that the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River above Florence. Move yours and Mower's DIVISIONS to Johnson-

