
ville as soon as possible and report your arrival at Johnsonville to me, unless you find orders awaiting you there, in which case please acknowledge their receipt by you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MOUND CITY, ILL., October 31, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m. November 1.)

Hon SECRETARY OF THE NAVY:

SIR: I have just received the following telegram from General Thomas at Nashville:

Have seen your telegram of 29th to General Webster. The enemy is in strong force before Decatur, and also threatening to cross about Florence. Am moving a corps to oppose him, and will be much obliged to you if you will aid me by sending as many gun-boats up the river as you can spare and as far as Eastport if water will admit. Forrest can't long remain at Jefferson after I get a force on the Tennessee.

I have sent up all boats that are available. Unfortunately the river is too low for iron-clads. The rest of the squadron are patrolling the river from Columbus to Donesonville to prevent re- enforcements crossing over to Hood's army. The two iron-clads expected from Admiral Farragut's squadron in exchange for the two supplies him from this squadron are much needed.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Captain, Commanding MISSISSIPPI Squadron.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 31, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Northern Department, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Secretary of War desires you to give attention to the subject of the following dispatch at Detroit. Acknowledge receipt:

BUFFALO, N. Y., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The following dispatch has just been received by me, dated Toronto, Canada west, October 30, 1864:

"PROVOST-MARSHAL, Buffalo:

"I have received information this afternoon, from a source which I think is entitled to confidence, that a party of Southern rebels and sympathizers left here yesterday, to be joined by others at different points, in all about 100, with the intention of going to Buffalo or Detroit, or both places, for the purpose of burning and committing other depredations, and I think it is not unlikely they may begin operations to-night. They were provided with arms, combustible material, &amp;c., necessary for their intended operations. I judge it is their intention to cross the river in small boats. They also talked of Suspension Bridge and Niagara Falls. Their preparations have been going on for some time, and, if my information is correct, are very complete. Their arms have been brought in from the West, and they are leagued with parties in that direction. Two of those who left Toronto have commissions from the rebel government.

"R. J. KIMBALL,

"U. S. Consular Agent. "

The military of the city are now assembling, and proper preparations will be taken to secure the safety of the city to- night.

WM. F. ROGERS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Thirtieth District.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

