
CHATTANOOGA, October 3, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Cavalry returned from near Lebanon last night, report two corps rebel infantry near Blue Mountain. They draw supplies from Talladega by rail. The country is very ful of Hood's Wheeler's, and Wetherspoon's scouts.

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

WARTRACE, October 3, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE:

General Wagner will send all the force necessary to protect the railroad. Engage Wheeler and drive him out of the district. I am here with General Thomas, and go to take command of the troops to engage Forrest.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

DALTON, October 3, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops sent me arrived two hours ago. Wheeler did not attack this morning, as I expected he would. He summoned me to surrender unconditionally, which I refused. He then left during the night, moving southeast of the railroad. His force is estimated at from 5,000 to 4,000 men, with four guns without ammunition, and a large [sic]. My lieutenant-colonel, who received the flag of truce, saw over 1,000 men in line at the bridge south of here. I had no men captured. The bridge south of here is very slightly impaired; can be repaired in two hours. The railroad as far as five miles south of here, as far as the cavalry have been, with above exception, is all right. At Tilton I understand a few men were captured. The bridge north of here and the Tukotee are all right. Telegraph is being repaired now. Two DIVISION of rebel cavalry were reported last night six miles east of here at the foot of Tukotee Ridge. I notified commander at Calhoun of Wheeler's movements by courier. Shall I retain the regiment sent me for the present? Please answer.

L. JohnSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General L. P. BRADLEY, Commanding at Bridgeport:

The enemy were threatening at Dalton yesterday. I have sent three of my regiments there.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, October 3, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following information, collected from my scouts, just returned from north of Meridian, and deserters, is perfectly reliable: On Thursday, after Forrest's command had passed Fayetteville eight or nine miles,

