
influx of new troops promised, will be able in a very few days to assume the offensive. Hood's cavalry may do a good deal of damage, and I have sent Wilson back with all dismounted cavalry, retaining only about 4,500. This is the best I am do, and shall, therefore, when I an get to Atlanta the necessary stores, move as soon as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., November 1, 1864.

Captain O. M. POE,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Make up two good pontoon trains ready to move in five days, one by the McDonough road and the other by the Rough and Ready road, each capable of spanning the Ocmulgee at Macon, with a good engineer officer and force sufficient to handle and protect it. All other pontoon wagons and property may be used to lay a bridge at Turner's ferry for the passage of the Army of the Tennessee, and when we are done with it will be destroyed, wagons included. I do not think our railroad will be able to relieve us in Atlanta of all the trash we have there, and I will use fire freely, both on our own and the enemy's property. Consult with General Easton and Colonel Beckwith freely as to what we will most need, and whatever conclusion you jointly come to will be all right. The enemy is well off on the Tennessee from Florence down to Johnsonville, evidently aiming at our communications. You can use the Michigan Engineers and Mechanics as desired.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, November 1, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch is received. The bridge at Turner's Ferry will be ready. The pontoon trains are ready to move at any moment. The maps are ready. I have enough on hand to supply one to each corps and DIVISION commander, and will be delivered to them as soon as you direct.

O. M. POE,

Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. MILITARY OF DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., November 1, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Your two telegrams of 9. 30 p. m. 31st are received. Let the cavalry be sent to Memphis with their arms and equipments; they can be mounted there.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

37 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

