
Forrest divided his forces, sending his train under escort of Buford's DIVISION and one brigade, in all between 4,000 to 5,000 recross the river. Buford on Friday night and Saturday morning [was] in the neighborhood of this city, as I have reported. Forrest himself on Friday night was within six miles of city, and no doubt signed the communication sent to come. The force, which he (Forrest) is to command in person, turned off toward Nashville on Thursday, and, the deserter states, is going through to Kentucky. The deserter's statement in all else has been confirmed. He says that the force with Forrest is 5,000. Deserters say that it is expected that Wheeler would co-operate with Forrest in destruction of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., October 3, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

At last I have improvised a mobile force, able, I think, to fight and whip Forrest, through that is not easily done. My new command, on horses and mules and in wagons, is now at and near Franklin, and will to twelve miles beyond that point this evening. I am waiting to see General Thomas, expected every moment, when I shall join my command and hunt up and fight Forrest, when I can catch him. He has destroyed the railroad from Spring Hill to Athens, I suppose, or nearly so. The block-house garrisons stampeded and surrendered. I hope we shall defeat and destroy Forrest now, and save the Chattanooga railroad. We shall see. The mounting and organization of my command began yesterday at noon by General Johnson, whose efficiency is unequaled.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., October 3, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Starkweather telegraphs that Mary McNell, one of our scouts, who left Florence this morning, and other scouts just in from the Tennessee River, report that that steam has risen four feet, and is not now fordable. I have telegraphed to Johnsonville to know if this is correct.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK.

PULASKI, TENN., October 3, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK:

My couriers have just arrived from Athens. Buford attacked the place at daylight yesterday morning, shelled for two hours, and then demanded surrender. Officer (Lieutenant-Colonel Wade, Seventy- thrid Indiana Infantry) commanding replied he did not get his feet wet in

