
Captain F. Welker, commanding Reserve Artillery: THIRD Ohio Battery, detachment Fifteenth Ohio Battery, detachment Company A, First Illinois Light Artillery, detachment Company D, First Illinois Light Artillery, and detachment Company H, First Michigan Light Artillery.

Major Landgraeber is charged with the execution of this order.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

JNO H. MUNROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 270. Cedartown, Ga., November 1, 1864.

* *

II. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will have the advance to-morrow, moving promptly at 7 a. m., taking the direct road to Van Wert.

2. The Fourth DIVISION, Brigadier General Giles A. Smith commanding, will follow the THIRD DIVISION.

3. The First DIVISION, Major General J. A. Mower, commanding, will follow the Fourth DIVISION.

4. Major Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will cause one battery to report to each DIVISION, to move therewith as may seem best to the DIVISION commanders.

5. The supply train will follow the corps.

III. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First DIVISION, will cause to be detailed two regiments from his command to act as rear guard, that is, in rear of everything.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROME, GA., November 1, 1864-8. 30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch of last night received. The fact that Forrest is down about Johnsonville, while Hood, with his infantry, is still about Florence and Tuscumbia, gives you time for concentration. The supplies about Chattanooga are immense, and I will soon be independent of them; therefore I would not risk supplies coming in transit from Nashville to Chattanooga. In like manner we have large supplies in Nashville, and if they be well guarded, and Hood can't get our supplies, he can't stay in Tennessee long. General Schofield will go to you as rapidly as cars can take him. I have no doubt after the emergency is past, and the enemy has done us considerable damage, re-enforcements will pour to you more than can be provided for or taken care of. In the mean time do you best. I will leave here to-morrow for Kingston and keep things moving toward the south; therefore hold fast all new troops coming to you, excepting such as are now at Chattanooga, to whom I will give orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

