
WASHINGTON, November 1, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Rosecrans was directed some days ago to send you A. J. Smith's DIVISION. He is also directed to send you all available troops in Saint Louis and vicinity. General Grant has sent his chief of staff, General Rawlins, to Saint Louis to hurry forward these re-enforcements. Should you want them to land at Clifton, Savannah, or Nashville, instead of Eastport, please so direct. The four Michigan regiments had all gotten off by the 24th ultimo, and the two from Ohio left the 24th and 27th. There is another regiment in Ohio which will be gotten off as soon as completed. The two regiments in Ohio which will be gotten off as soon as completed. The two regiments from the Northwest are en route, but as they had a long march before reaching railroad or steamboat transportation, we may not hear of them for some days. I think you should concentrate all you can against Hood, replacing the garrisons in your rear by new troops as they arrive.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The following dispatch, received last night, I send for your information: *

I have made every effort to have trains ready to move General Schofield's troops in the sourtest time possible. General Schofield reported his corps to me at 11. 30 a. m. yesterday, for orders, from Calhoun, to which place I immediately sent my orders for him to move, by road, to Resaca and Dalton, to meet the trains which should reach those places by the time his troops do.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to Halleck.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 1, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

General Donaldson has just reported to me the capture of gun-boat 55 and transports Venus and Cheeseman, near Paris Landing, forty miles below Johnsonville, and about four miles above Fort Heiman. The force was Forrest's, and Colonel [General] Donaldson reports two other transports captured and burned about forty miles above Paducah.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to General Sherman.)

---------------

*See Horner to Granger, October 31, p. 547.

---------------

