
ROME, GA., November 1, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Did Forrest burn the gun-boat and transports captured near Paris Landing as well as the two above Paducah? Had they provisions on board? Let me know the moment you know that Beauregard's infantry makes its appearance at any distance north of the Tennessee River. I go to Kingston to-morrow. It is raining hard now.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 11. 45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 11. 30 a. m. to-day is received. General Croxton reports that last night he held the fords of Shoal Creek, eight miles east, and nine miles north of Florence, and that he will retard the enemy as long as possible. Stanley's troops are now arriving at Pulaski. Hope they will all be there by noon to-morrow. I have halted General Hatch at Pulaski, and he is co-operating with General Croxton against the enemy. If I had Schofield I should feel perfectly safe. I have given such instructions as ought to expedite his arrival. It will be necessary to hold the usual guards on the railroads until the troops can pass over. I will give instructions to have them concentrated as soon as the troops have passed. I despair of getting any troops from Missouri in time to be of any service. None of my telegrams have been answered by General Rosecrans. Be assured I will do the best I can.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Sherman is reply to his dispatch of 8. 30 a. m., p. 580.)

WARRENSBURG, MO., November 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

If Smith's command is without artillery or ammunition or regimental trains, in driblets, it can reach you perhaps five days sooner than if sent as at present ordered. Do you wish them sent in that way? If with their artillery, &amp;c., they will reach the MISSISSIPPI River in about ten days. By what route and to what point do you wish the command to move?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 112. In the Field, Rome Ga., November 1, 1864.

* *

II. Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson, commanding Cavalry Corps, will proceed to mount the dismounted men of his command and will report in person to Major General George H. Thomas for instructions.

