
III. Major Henry Hitchcock, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby announced as a member of the personal staff of the general-in-chief, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

CALHOUN, GA., November 1, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Garrard will be here to-morrow evening with the remount of McCook's DIVISION; we shall have about 3,000 men; there will be 500 or 600 mounted men besides. General Sherman thinks we ought to get to Nashville by the cars. Can you send them? I will make arrangements to get my things off and leave for Nashville to-morrow p. m. Please answer.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following copies of telegrams just received are furnished for the information of the major-general commanding:

JOHNSONVILLE, October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster:

The new boat Mazeppa, with 700 tons of freight from Cincinnati, was captured and burned at Fort Heiman, two miles this way from Fort Henry, on opposite side of the river, on Friday. The Naugatuck and Alice were captured at Widwo Reynolds' Bar, forty miles this way from Paducah, on Saturday. Gun-boat 55 with transports Venus and Cheeseman were captured yesterday without being disabled near Paris Landing, forty miles below here and four miles this way from Fort Heiman. Our information is reliable that Forrest intends to attack this place, with from 8,000 to 10,000 men, within next three or four days. Our employees will be ready and do good service.

HENRY HOWLAND,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

The substance of the above telegram was sent you yesterday, but this is clearer and more specific, having been repeated for that purpose.

JOHNSONVILLE, October 31, 1864.

Gun-boat 55 with the two transports were captured without being disabled, and are now in the hands of rebels in the river. Colonel Brott, at Fort Donelson, telegraphs that Lieutenant-Colonel Weaver, commanding at Pine Bluff, has abandoned the post. The pilot of the 55 has just reached here by land.

HENRY HOWLAND,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CLARKSVILLE, November 1, 1864.

Lieutenant S. H. STEVENS,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Nashville, Tenn.:

Steamer Dave Hughes, with barge loaded with Government stores, was burned yesterday afternoon, fifteen miles above this post, by guerrillas.

I. P. WILLIAMS,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

