
The Dave Hughes was a light-draught boat valued at $5,000 to $7,000, and was chartered by me some time since.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STEVENS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

Very respectfully,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Bvt. Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster Dept. of the Cumberland.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major General JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

If General Wagner's DIVISION, of the Fourth Corps, has not yet left Chattanooga I desire you to have it move as soon as possible. It is necessary that they reach Athens without further delay.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., November 1, 1864-4. 20 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just arrived at this place with Wood's DIVISION, the smallest of the corps, with muskets only. Athens, I was informed, was evacuated two hours after I left, by your orders yesterday. I can tell nothing of Whitaker's and Wagner's DIVISIONS, excepting that they left Chattanooga. There are no preparations here for defense. I have no news from Croxton, and no means of judging of the enemy's position.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., November 1, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Please direct the medical purveyor at Nashville to send to Pulaski medical and hospital supplies, such as chloroform, stimulants, opates, dressings, blankets, &amp;c. The hospital and ambulances, &c., of this corps will not be up for several days. In case of an engagement these supplies will be needed.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

Your two dispatches of this date, announcing your arrival at Pulaski and an application for medical stores, are received. The stores will be sent to-morrow. Granger evacuated Athens yesterday after you left, as he says by your advice. I ordered him to reoccupy it immediately, which I suppose he has done. Whitaker's and Wagner's troops have left Chattanooga and some of them should reach you to-morrow. Assume command at Pulaski by my order and make dispositions for the defense

