
of the place. General Sherman will also send me Schofield, whose troops I will endeavor to get to you in four days. Your artillery is coming up with Wagner. If General Hatch has left Pulaski with his command send a staff officer after him and bring him and his command back. I telegraphed him yesterday at Pulaski to halt there and co-operate with Croxton. I do not understand why he did not acknowledge its receipt. Say to General Hatch that I am authorized by General Sherman to detain him. Acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch, and always report the hour and date of your dispatches to me.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

If General Hatch has passed through Pulaski with his DIVISION of cavalry I wish you to send a courier after him immediately with the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH:

I am authorized by Major-General Sherman to detain you at Pulaski. Communicate with General Croxton and assist him in opposing the advance of the enemy northward by all the means in your power. General Croxton is at Shoal Creek. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Hand this dispatch to General Hatch is at Pulaski, and if he has left forward it to him immediately. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., November 1, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Have you dispatch and also one for General Hatch. He has sent scouts toward Florence and Lawrenceburg; to-night will also scout toward Athens. I have examined the position here; it is easily defensible. Wagner is the renaking officer with the two DIVISIONS. I advised the evacuation of Athens if the enemy was known to have crossed in large force at Brown's Ferry. I had nothing to do with deciding he had crossed in force. I am not satisfied that the rebels are in force yet on this side, though I believe they intend to cross. Please send me by military conductor campaign map of Tennessee. I will make this place secure by to-morrow night.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., November 1, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have as yet no dispatches from General Croxton, but his hospital steward just in left his train this morning on Sugar Creek. He says

