
the train was ordered back to Croxton's camp, on Four-Mile Creek, ten miles from Florence. The most of the men of the Eighth Iowa and Second Michigan who were missing have come in. It appears they were attached in front by two regiments of infantry and in rear by rebel cavalry. The steward says it was reported that the rebels had crossed back south of the river.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

SHOAL CREEK BRIDGE, November 1, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Athens, Ala.:

The enemy are in force at Florence intrenching. They have not yet moved out on either road. I find no cavalry, though Forrest is reported crossing below. I can hear nothing from General Hatch. Let me hear from you.

Respectfully, your obedient,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PULASKI, TENN., November 1, 1864-7 p. m.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga:

The train and brigade guarding it must come by way of Decherd and Fayetteville unless they have passed Stevenson; in such case they can come by Huntsville and Fayetteville. Wagner must escort all of the artillery. Tell Captain Hodgdon to arrange to feed the corps from Nashville, and not to send rations to Athens. Everything should hurry up.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., November 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived with my brigade at Athens this a. m. at 2 o'clock. Found the town deserted of its garrison and quite large amounts of Government stores destroyed. Citizens in a great state of excitement, with a rumor that the enemy are encamped within about two miles of the place on the Florence road, and that five rebel cavalry had been in town last evening. I immediately took possession of the fort and prepared to defend it. The Second Brigade arrived at 7 a. m. General Whitaker has not yet arrived. I am awaiting immediate orders. Upon the best information I can gain, I am satisfied there is not enemy in force nearer than this side of the river. A brigade of rebel cavalry is reported to be in the vicinity of Larkinsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. WATERS,

Colonel Eighty-fourth Illinois, Commanding.

