
nine in number (there are to platforms up now), and will frame and erect a large block-house in the center of the fort, depressing it so as to shield it from the enemy's artillery. The position is very strong, and by the time the enemy can get here I do not think it can be taken. I have great confidence in our ability to hold the position by hard and determined fighting against any force. The four rifled pieces were sent without the tangent scales, an inexcusable blunder of Colonel Loomis. Besides the four pieces I brought down, there were in the fort three old short howitzers, one James rifle, and one Wiard gun. I have no information of the enemy; no scouts have returned.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN., November 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

No news of the enemy; have you any? Work progressing pretty well on the fort, though the excavations have to be made through rock and dirt, and is as difficult as you can imagine.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 1, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU, Columbia:

General Granger reports all quiet about him. A dispatch from General Croxton, dated last night, states that he holds Shoal Creek, eight miles east and nine miles north of Florence, and will continue to hold those fords as long as he can. Have not heard from him to-day. General Stanley is at Pulaski, and his troops are arriving and going into position.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., November 1, 1864. *

Major-General THOMAS:

General howard telegraphs for General Hatch's cavalry DIVISION to come to the front via Stevenson and Trenton. Please tell him it is at Clifton, on Tennessee River, so that he can order it, or order it forward yourself. Grierson's DIVISION is at Fort Scott, Kans., chasing Price.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH, Memphis:

Your dispatch of 30th is received. Have detained General Hatch at Pulaski by the authority of General Sherman. Can you give me any information of Hood's and Forrest's intentions and strength?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

*Probably sent October 30, but is recorded in Thomas' "telegrams received" books under date of November 1. See answer following.

---------------

