
crossing Muscle Shoals and could not surrender. Fight continued. Buford was very handsomely repulsed, and retreated in direction of Florence. Buford's whole command was there, as learned from orders found. General Croxton was at Farmington at 10 a. m. All quiet here. Repaired line north yesterday, and will have it repaired to Athens, probably, to-night. News of fighting above you heard already. I sent dispatches and couriers with all the news to you. Many of my scouts have been captured.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, October 3, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Forrest camped last night six miles from here on Mount Pleasant pike. Information just received that he is moving in direction of Wayenesborough.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

COLUMBIA, October 3, 1864.

Major POLK:

Forrest passed through Mount Pleasant this morning. He paroled all his prisoners. Their report is that he was moving on Northwestern railroad. About five miles of railroad is destroyed between Carter's Creek and Spring Hill., including three small bridges. Have a force repairing, and it can be finished this week. Forrest lost 6 killed here yesterday. We had no loss. Can hear of no rebels near us. Nothing from below. The railroad is probably damaged near Culleoka.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel.

COLUMBIA, October 3, 1864-3 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK:

From best information Forrest is going toward Northwestern railroad with intention of destroying that road.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.

KINGSTON SPRINGS, October 3, 1864-8. 15 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Cain, commanding detachment at section 14, Nashville and Northwestern Railroad, reports to me by telegraph at 8. 15 this p. m. as follows:

McNary, with a force estimated at from 50 to 150 men, was within two miles of his camp, and left in the direction of Nashville about 5 p. m. He appears to have some of Wheeler's men with him.

W. R. SELLON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

