
on their own wheels and feet, and move your troops by cars to such points as General Thomas may require. Hood's movements toward the railroad will be very rapid or he will not make them at all. The appearance of Forrest low down on the Tennessee I regard as evidence of a scattered intention to interrupt our lines of communication. This makes my movement the more important, only I must be more hurried. Don't interfere with our down trains on any account, but run your men to Chattanooga by all up trains and there you will be able to find plenty of cars and locomotives.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RESACA, November 1, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Rome, Ga.:

I have just received your dispatch of 8 a. m. General Thomas telegraphs that he will have cars here to-night; but I will also avail myself of all up trains. I am sending my wagons and animals forward on foot. I will take care not to interfere with trains moving down.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

ROME, GA., November 1, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Telegraph received. Let your wagons proceed to Chattanooga as directed. You can use all trains going north as far as Chattanooga, by loading troops on the tops of cars, &amp;c. General Thomas is and anxious for you, and will provide transportation from Chattanooga.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

RESACA, GA., November 1, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just received your three dispatches of yesterday. My leading DIVISION is now here and the other will get here about noon. It will not be practicable to reach Dalton to-day. I will send one DIVISION to Tilton and hold the other here. If possible have the cars came down to these places and take [them] aboard. General Sherman authorizes me to leave the present garrison at Resaca, hence I will let the brigade which was the remain here come forward with my trains. I will make all possible haste. Will you please order the trains to come to Tilton and Resaca?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Resaca:

Mr. Anderson, superintendent military railroads, will have transportation at Dalton to-morrow evening for 5,000 men of your command;

