
the balance of your corps will have to march by road, via Ringgold, to Chattanooga, unless it can be so arranged as to pick you up at Ringgold, which will be done if possible. The tax on the rolling- stock of the railroad has been so heavy as to materially interfere with my plans. Report arrival at Dalton.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., November 1, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I met General Schofield at Calhoun yesterday at dark; his troops were camped near the town. He told me he should be at Resaca to- night and would telegraph you from there. Mr. Tindall tells me here it will take him four or five days to transport 12,000 men from Dalton to Chattanooga. Can these be Schofield's troops he means? Mr. Tindall suggests the 12,000 men be directed to march from Dalton or elsewhere, and they can be moved from Chattanooga immediately upon arrival. In this way Mr. Tindall thinks more time could be saved. The travel over the road toward Atlanta is very heavy as it is, without blocking the road with troops. Trains coming north moving via Cleveland will take twice as long. All our troops are at the old house instead of at Grant's. I will explain more fully on arrival at Nashville. Shall start at 1. 30 to-day.

S. C. KELLOGG,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 94. Knoxville, Tenn., November 1, 1864.

Major General George Stoneman is assigned to duty as second in command of the Department of the Ohio, and in the absence of the major-general commanding will perform all the duties of department commander.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 144. Resaca, Ga., November 1, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding THIRD DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps, will take the cars with his DIVISION at Tilton, and move by rail, via Nashville, to Pulaski. The troops will carry five days' cooked rations and 100 rounds of ammunition.

II. Brigadier General J. A. Cooper, commanding Second DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps, will leave his smallest brigade to move with all the trains and cattle of the corps, and escort them to Chattanooga, Tenn., with as little delay as practicable. He will move with the others two brigades of his DIVISION by rail from Resaca, via Nashville, to Pulaski. The troops will carry with them five days' cooked rations and 100 rounds of ammunition.

Officers and men will prepare for embarking as rapidly as possible.

* *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

