
jumped overboard and escaped. Lieutenant Gibson and balance of recruits were then uninjured at this time. The gun-boat has not sunk. Being run well up on the shore could not sink.

F. L. TAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Vicksburg, Numbers 72. Vicksburg, Miss., November 1, 1864.

George C. McKee, formerly major Eleventh Illinois Infantry, and provost-marshal of this district, is appointed brigadier-general of the enrolled militia of the District of Vicksburg, and is announced as such. He will immediately report for duty to the commanding officer of the post of Vicksburg, and assume command of the First Brigade enrolled militia. He will appoint his own staff and announce it.

By command of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 2, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMANS,

Rome, Ga.:

Your dispatch of 9 a. m. yesterday is just received. I dispatched you the same date, advising that Hood's army, now that it had worked so far north, be looked upon more as the objective. With the force, however, you have left with Thomas, he must be able to take care of Hood and destroy him. I do not really see that you can withdraw from where you are to follow Hood, without giving up all we have gained in territory. I say, then, go as you propose.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Rome, Ga., November 2, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Your dispatch is received. * If I could hope to overhaul Hood I would turn against him with my whole force. Then he retreats to the southwest, drawing me as a decoy from Georgia, which is his chief object. If he ventures north of the Tennessee I may turn in that direction and endeavor to get between him and his line of retreat, but thus far he has not gone above the Tennessee. Thomas will have a force strong enough to prevent his reaching any country in which we have an interest, and he has orders if Hood turns to follow me to push for Selma. No single army can catch him, and I am convinced the best results will result from defeating Jeff. Davis' cherished plan of making me leave Georgia by maneuvering. Thus far I have confined my efforts to thwart his plans, and reduced my baggage so that I can pick up and start in any direction, but I would regard a pursuit of Hood as useless; still if he

---------------

*Of November 1, p. 676.

---------------

