
KINGSTON, GA., November 2, 1864.

(Via Nashville. Received 3d.)

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Your dispatch received. Make all dispatch to reach Paducah to report to General Thomas at Nashville. Your services here will be short and the prohabilities are you will return again to the Mississippi. Still, I will order you detached men to you. I will be off in a few days on a worse raid than our Meridian raid was, and you may look for a great howl against the brute Sherman.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 2, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Calhoun, Ga.:

It will be impossible to send cars to Calhoun for the troops under General Garrard. They will have to march to Chattanooga, as the railroad is already taxed to its utmost capacity.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Calhoun, Ga., November 2, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Cavalry DIVISION:

GENERAL: General Schofield informs me that most of his corps will probably get away from Resaca to-night. As soon as he is all off the transportation will be sent here for you. You can draw supplies of rations and forage here. Captain McIntyre and the commanding officer of the detachment of mounted men from the First DIVISION will be directed to report to the commanding officer of your mounted detachment. The senior officer of the whole will see that the trains are safely conducted, and that no time be lost on the road. I have written and telegraphed to know if the trains and mounted men cannot be sent through by the cars after all the dismounted men have been sent off, but as the cars cannot be used for that purpose for several days (if at all) the mounted men and trains should start for Chattanooga at once by land, where the officer in command will receive definite instructions in regard to transportation. You and General McCook with the dismounted men can probably get away some time to-morrow. Be good enough to see that everything is hurried along as rapidly as possible. Should any dispatches arrive here for me after I have gone, open them, and have them repeated to me at Chattanooga, care of General Steedman. I have telegraphed General Thomas for transportation, and as a matter of course you will govern yourself by the tenor of his reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

