
2. The First DIVISION, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the Fourth DIVISION.

3. The THIRD DIVISION, Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding, will follow the First DIVISION.

4. Major Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will detach a battery for each DIVISION, to move therewith as may seem best to the DIVISION commander.

II. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will detail a strong brigade from his command to act as guards for supply trains, to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Joel at 6 a. m. to- morrow.

III. DIVISION commanders will detach from the pioneer corps of their respective commands twenty men, under charge of a commissioned officer, to Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Joel, chief quartermaster, at 6 a. m. to-morrow, for permanent duty with the supply trains.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 139. Van Wert, Ga., November 2, 1864.

* *

II. The organization known as the THIRD Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Seventeenth Army Corps, is hereby temporarily discontinued and consolidated with First Brigade. The commanding officers of the regiments and detachments composing the same will report to Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding First Brigade, for assignment to duty. The tents and office furniture pertaining to THIRD Brigade headquarters will be carefully packed in the wagons pertaining thereto and sent, with a proper guard, to accompany the general supply train.

Reports of the organization now due will be furnished as soon as practicable by the present officers.

* *

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROME, GA., November 2, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch 7 p. m. 1st received. I sent you yesterday copies of Rosecrans' dispatches showing that Generals Smith's and Mower's DIVISIONS are en route, but it will take ten days for them to reach Paducah. It is now raining, and Beauregard will be very cautious in going north of the Tennessee River at this season of the year. General Schofield is on the railroad and can be moved rapidly to any point you indicate. Have you any positive knowledge that any of Beauregard's infantry has passed the Tennessee River? Wilson is also coming to you with Garrard's dismounted cavalry, and it would be well to have horses and equipments awaiting them. According to Wilson's account you will have in ten days full 12,000 cavalry, and I estimate your infantry force, independent of the railroad guards, full 40,000 men, which is a force superior to the enemy.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

