
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 2, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Kingston:

It is reported that the enemy did not burn the gun-boat 55, with transports Venus and Cheeseman, captured near Paris Landing. General Donaldson does not know what they were loaded with. The other boats captured were burned. I will report to you the moment I learn that Beauregard is moving north. I have no further news this morning.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 2, 1864-1. 15 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Kingston, Ga.:

Your dispatch of 8 a. m. to-day just received. I this morning received the first telegram from General Rosecrans; contents similar to the one you sent me. I have just heard from General Croxton, who dispatched to me at 7 p. m. yesterday, who says he has been within two miles of Florence on the Huntsville side and three miles on the lawrenceburg side. The enemy is there with a large force, intrenching. They have laid pontoons at Florence, and are reported still crossing. He finds no cavalry, but Forrest is reported crossing below Florence. I think he must be mistaken about Forrest crossing below Florence; it may be Wheeler's force. General Hatch should be with Croxton before this time, and although the rain may have made the roads bad I am in hopes that the balance of Stanley's troops will reach Pulaski to-day. It will not be possible for me to raise within the next ten days more than Stanley's and Schofield's corps and Croxton's and Hatch's cavalry, unless I should withdraw railroad guards immediately, which should not be done as long as we must operate the road. The convalescents will only be fit to garrison Chattanooga, White side's, and Bridgeport. It will need all the troops Granger has to hold Decatur; and Steedman's troops belonging to my army are almost dwindled away by expiration of service. Eventually General Wilson can organize 12,000 cavalry from the dismounted men now in Tennessee and coming from the front, but he cannot do this in ten days. We will all do the best we can, and Beauregard halts to fortify. I hope we shall be ready for him. It has rained some, but not a great deal here.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

KINGSTON, GA., November 2, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch received. Is Beauregard moving northeast of the Tennessee or northwest of the Tennessee, and by what road? Where is General Schofield?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 2, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The latest reports from General Croxton up to 7 p. m. yesterday say the enemy has a large force across the Tennessee at Florence and is

