
fortifying. Croxton pushed reconnaissance within two miles of Florence on the Athens road and three on the Lawrenceburg road. No cavalry was met, but Forrest war reported crossing below Florence. He must have meant Wheeler, as Forrest is now below Johnsonville. I am in hopes that Stanley's entire force will be at Pulaski by to- morrow night. The gun-boat 29 and another, under command of Lieutenant King, U. S. Navy, proceeded down the river this morning on a reconnaissance. Six miles below Johnsonville encountered gun- boat 55 and transport Venus, recently captured by the rebels, and after a fight of about thirty minutes the Venus was disabled and recaptured and now lies at the wharf at Johnsonville. She had on board two 30-ponderous and about 200 rounds of ammunition. The 55 made her escape down the river. I am in hopes, however, she will soon be overhauled by our gun-boats now on their way up from Paducah. Forrest is reported at or near Fort Heiman, threatening to cross the Tennessee, but it is not believed that he has as yet crossed much of his force. Have not heard from General Schofield to-day, but presume he is pushing forward as rapidly as he can.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to General Halleck.)

KINGSTON, GA., November 2, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have your dispatch of to-day. If Granger will continue to demonstrate on the Moulton road with as strong a force as he can take out of Decatur he will compel Beauregard to leave a similar force in observation. In like manner Grierson, at Memphis, should be instructed to demonstrate out in the direction of Ripley or Corinth to threaten the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, on which he manifestly must depend. Then having united Schofield and Stanley, and filled them as much as you could with your new troops, Beauregard will be checkmated; but if he advances from Florence fight him cautiously, taking every advantage of your fortifications and the natural obstructions of the country. I think he will aim for Fayetteville and Shelbyville, but you know the country better than I do. General A. J. Smith reports himself en route from Warrenburg, Mo. To make things sure, you can call on the Governors of Kentucky and Indiana for some militia, cautioning them against a stampede. No matter what occurs, try and avoid, as I know you will, all false alarms. I am pushing my arrangements and will soon be off.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 2, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Kingston:

Can't learn yet that Beauregard has started in any direction. He is across the river at Florence, but as yet has not moved from his entrenchments.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

