
NASHVILLE, November 2, 1864-3 p. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

Your dispatch of 9. 30 a. m. to-day is received, and orders have been given for the supplies you ask for. Keep yourself well posted through Generals Croxton and Hatch, and scouts, if you can get any good ones, of the position and movement of the enemy. Report daily.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., November 2, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have no report from Croxton yet. I have Hatch's patrols beyond Lawrenceburg. Will have some good citizen scouts from the mouth of Elk River down to Clifton to-morrow. Captured one of Forrest's spies yesterday, one of Wheeler's to-day; will try them to-morrow. The latter says he left Florence evening of the 31st. They then had a bridge laid, and 3,000 of Wheeler's and Forrest's man had crossed. The man is in terror, and I think speaks the truth. Whitaker was crossing at Elkton this evening. I expect Wagner to cross at the same place to-morrow. An operator has gone to Athens, but I have not heard from him yet.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., November 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

I was left in Chattanooga to attend to the shipping of the corps. The last of the infantry, Wagner's DIVISION, left at 9 a. m. yesterday. The Artillery Brigade left Chattanooga last night. We ran to here and lay over till morning as the lines were cut. They left at 7 a. m. for Athens with one regiment as guard. A battery assigned to the corps yesterday will leave Chattanooga via railroad this morning, and the First Kentucky reported here from Nashville this morning. Shall I send both by way of Athens? How can I quickest join the general, via Nashville or Athens? Please answer immediately.

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 2, 1864.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Stevenson, Ala.:

It will not be safe for the batteries to go to Athens now unless they can go with the wagon train, because they cannot reach Athens before the troops will have left. If they cannot overtake the wagon train you had better direct them to come this way, which is also your best way to join General Stanley.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

