
STEVENSON, ALA., November 2, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

Please send for following to General Wagner immediately:

General WAGNER,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Fourth Army Corps:

As soon as Captain Bridges reports with his four batteries move according to your orders. I will send the other two batteries to Pulaski, via Nashville, to join General Stanley. They will not come to Athens. Hurry everything up as much as possible.

I write by order of General Stanley.

WH. M. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 2, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,

Should Creek, via Pulaski;

Your two dispatches of yesterday have been received. General Hatch reached Pulaski yesterday, and should be in communication with you to-day. Stanley's troops are arriving at Pulaski, and I hope will be concentrated there by to-morrow night. Your position, as reported to me, will cover the march of his troops from Athens. I expect Schofield's corps will be able to reach Pulaski by Sunday. You must try and keep the enemy in his trenches until Sunday night. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SHOAL CREEK BRIDGE, ALA., November 2, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

In reconnoitering to-day I find the rebel infantry pickets in same location, covered by a small cavalry force which I drove in. I had a scout over the river this morning who reports them waiting for Hardee's corps and the cavalry. I will try and cut their pontoons to-night. I learn General Hatch reached Pulaski yesterday, but I don't know whether he is coming this way or not.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

SHOAL CREEK BRIDGE, ALA., November 2, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have been within two miles of Florence on the Huntsville side and three on the Lawrenceburg side. There is a large force there, and they are entrenching. They have laid pontoons at Florence and are reported still crossing. I find no cavalry, though Forrest is reported crossing below Florence. I hear nothing from Generals Stanley or Hatch. I will do all I can to give you accurate, timely information.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

