
PUDACAH, KY., October 3, 1864.

Colonel McARTHUR,

Commanding, Columbus, Ky.:

COLONEL: I have telegraphed to Captain Pennock to send you two gun-boats.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY., October 3, 1864.

Captain PENNOCK,

Mound City, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: Send two gun-boats to Columbus at once, the force there being insufficientto protect the place, and an attack is expected.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

MOUND CITY, ILL., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH,

Commadning:

I will send one gun-boat to Columbus, the only one available. Please inform me what force threatens Columbus, and their whereabouts.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Captain, Commanding MISSISSIPPI Squadron.

WASHINGTON, October 3, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Department:

Captain Meriweather, provost-marshal at Jeffesonville, Ind., telegraphs that there is an uprising in Orange and Crawford Counties. Five hundred men assembled to resist draft, armed, and taking horses, arms, and money from citizens and home guards, and have sent runners for re-enforcements. I have no other information in regard to this particular disturbance, but there is abundant evidence to show that there is a large number of bad men in Indiana partially organized and armed to resist laws not agreeable to them. I sent you by mail last night copy of a report from on operator I now in Indiana. A regiment of the Veteran Reserve Corps left Albany yesterday for Indiana, to be distributed as guards at headquarters of different provost-marshals. It started without reference to this distrurbance. It will report to Colonel James G. Jones, provost- marshal-general, at Indianapolis.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, October 3, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General HOVEY,

Indianapolis:

Have just furnished with a telegram from Provost-Marshal Meriweather, reporting resistance to the draft in Orange and Crawford Counties. If this is the case I am exceedingly anzious to make an example of the distributed of the peace. I desire to hit them hard, and if done effectually it will put an end to all this resistance to the en-

