
PULASKI, TENN., November 2, 1864-8. 50 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Will your order a detachment made up from all the companies of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry at Paducah, Ky., to report to me?

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

NOBLE'S HEADQUARTERS,

November 2, 1864-2. 55 p. m.

Colonel J. KARGE:

Lieutenant Norman, who was in the skirmish yesterday, got in this morning with some of his men after some hard fighting with the rebels. He reports nothing of additional importance to what transpired last night except the general rumor on the road toward Collierville that there are about 4,000 rebels at Somerville, and about 3,000 at Portsville, back of Randolph. Those forces seem to be for observation of our movements. The men who attacked the patrol were under Ford and one Clubfoot. My patrols for to-day have not reported, having gone out since noon.

Yours, &amp;c.,

NOBLE,

Colonel.

(Same to Major Morgan.)

NOVEMBER 2, 1864.

Major MORGAN:

I have no news further than sent you to-day. My patrols are not due yet; when they come I will let you know anything new. I think the rumor of rebels as Somerville and Portersville exaggerated the force, although I am of the opinion that there is some force - probably a squad-at each place. Allow me to suggest that a few paid scouts or picked men, from our cavalry can go further toward the enemy, as he is now located, and obtain more accurate information than anything short of a strong reconnoitering party. The ordinary patrols are only large enough to be easily discoverable, without being able to push forward against such forces as the enemy has continually in his front, I submit most respectfully, but with the utmost desire to get a change at the rebels who caught some of my men yesterday. I hope to get even yet.

NOBLE,

Colonel.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 2, 1864.

Captain PENNOCK, U. S. Navy,

Mound City:

I don't know what boats have up the Tennessee now, but hear that Numbers 55 has been captured by Forced. I trust you will keep that river well patrolled, increasing the capacity of the boats according to the draught of water. If the present rains continue one or two ironclad would do most important service. In a few days I will be off for salt water and hope to meet my old friend Admiral Porter again. Will

