HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., November 2, 1864.

Brigadier General N. C. MCLEAN,

Commanding First DIVISION, Military District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: Lieutenant R. Vance, provost-marshal-general, Military District of Kentucky, has been directed to turn over to Captain George Hamilton, provost-marshal-general of your DIVISION, eight guerrilla prisoners for execution in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 59, series 1864, headquarters District of Kentucky. The general commanding directs that you cause four of them to be shot nine miles from Bardstown, Ky., in retaliation for the murder of two negroes. The general commanding also directs that you cause the other four to be shot at Midway, Ky., in retaliation for the recent murder of Mr. Harper at that place.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PADUCAH, KY., November 2, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have just received information through deserters from Forrest's army that a part of this force had crossed the Tennessee and are moving upon Johnsonville, moving upon both sides of the river. The enemy is using the gun-boat and transports captured from us for the purpose of crossing their men and horses. A number of deserters from the rebel army, who were conscripted last spring, have come in and wish to take the amnesty oath. They are the sons of good citizens, and I request permission generally to administer the oath to them, and the authority to administer the oath to such as I think are entitled to it.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 2, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Paducah, Ky.:

Saw your proclamation don't believe in proclamations. The fort at Paducah must be held without regard to the people or the town. It is very probable that Forrest will make a dash at it for political effect, and he must not get those guns at the mouth of the Tennessee River. If there be a possibility of there being any danger of such a thing blow them up rather than let them fail into the hands of the enemy. You can strengthen the place very much in a short time by enlarging and adding to the abatis; also prepare embrasures for the guns and sand-bag loop-holes for the infantry .

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

