
near Kenesaw, and the Fourteenth here. I am sending to the rear, as fast as cars will move, the vast accumulation of stuff that, in spite, of my endeavors, has been got along the lines, and am sending forward just enough bread and meat to enable me to load my wagons, destroy everything of value to tb enemy, and start on my contemplated movement. I can be ready in five days, but am waiting to be more certain that Thomas will be prepared for any contingency that may arise. It is now raining, which is favorable to us and unfavorable to the enemy. Jeff. Davis has utterly failed in his threat to force me to leave in thirty days, for my railroad is in good order from Nashville to Atlanta, and his army is farther from my communications now than it was twenty days ago. I would advise the accumulation of all troops available up the Tennessee, now in good boating stage, up about Clifton, subject to Thomas' orders, and that General Canby leave the MISSISSIPPI to be watched by gun- boats and local garrison, and push, with about 15,000 men, for the Alabama River and Selma. These co-operating movements would completely bewilder Beauregard, and he would burst with French despair. I propose to adhere as nearly as possible to my original plan, and, on reaching the sea-coast, will be available for re- enforcing the army in Virginia, leaving behind a track of devastation, as well as as a sufficient force to hold fast all that is of permanent value to our cause. When I leave Atlanta it will contain little that will be of use or comfort to the enemy.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 3, 1864.

Colonel S. L. BROWN,

Quartermaster's Dept., Numbers 66, Cedera Street, New York:

COLONEL; Yours of the 2nd instant received. One-half the forage ordered for special purposes on the 16th of October is, as you rightly understand my late orders, to go to Pensacola; one-half to Hilton Head, Port Royal. An officer, as you have been informed, will report to you to take charge of all that goes to Pensacola, and to go with it. I have requested the Adjutant-General to order Captain Whittemore, assistant quartermaster, now at Augusta, Me., for this duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MILES,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, Ga., November 3, 1864.

An expedition will be sent from this corps to-morrow morning under the command of Colonel Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers. Each commander of DIVISION in this corps will detail from his command one brigade, and instruct the commanding officer to report this afternoon to Colonel Robinson for orders. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, will detail one battery, and instruct its commanding officer to report also this p. m. to Colonel Robinson. Colonel Garrard, commanding cavalry, will send out at 6 a. m. to- morrow a scouting party of 100 men on the McDonough road, and another of 100 men on the East Point road. The

