HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 3, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m. 4th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Croxton reports yesterday 3 p. m. that he had just made a reconnaissance toward Florence; found the enemy's infantry pickets about two miles out from Florence covered by cavalry vedettes, which he drove in. He intended to destroy the enemy's pontoon bridge, if possible, last night. The enemy's forces are on the WEST side of the Tennessee River opposite Johnsonville. Colonel Thompson has something like 5,000 men at Johnsonville to defend the place. The two Parrotts captured yesterday on the transport steamer Venus he has placed in position and will make them very useful in defending the place. Captain Shirk has sent seven gun-boats up the Tennessee, and is confident he can reopen navigation. Stanley's troops are nearly all in position at Pulaski, and by Sunday I shall have Schofield there, I hope. It has been raining for several days, making the roads nearly impassable, which is to our advantage, as we can use the railroad as usual, while the enemy will be delayed by the condition of the wagon roads. I hope to hear of A. J. Smith at Paducah by Sunday, and will have him come up the Tennessee River and land at or as near Eastport as possible, Stanley and Schofield co-operating with him. It I had a strong force of cavalry to demonstrate from Memphis against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at the same time, Beauregard would be forced to fall back or lose his railroad.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[NOVEMBER 3, 1864. -For Halleck to Rawlins, 4 p. m., in relation to securing re-enforcement from Missouri, see Vol. XLI.]

KINGSTON, GA., November 3, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of Cumberland;

Your dispatch received. Glad to hear the Venus was recaptured, and have no doubt gun-boat 55 will be captured or destroyed. Don't fail to give me to earliest notice of Beauregard's starting north, for he is watching us and will be influenced by our movements. Now that Forrest is scattered is a good time for your cavalry to pitch into Wheeler if he ventures out from Florence.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 3, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Kingston:

Your dispatch of 9. 30 p. m. yesterday is received. I will give instructions to Granger to continue his demonstrations between Decatur and Moulton. General Croxton still holds the two fords of Shoal Creek mentioned to you in a former dispatch. I heard from him yesterday

