
at 3 p. m. He reports that he drove in the enemy's cavalry vedettes onto their infantry pickets. A scout had just returned to him from over the river, who reported to him that they were waiting for Hardee's corps and the cavalry. Croxton intended to attempt the destruction of their pontoon bridge last night. Have not yet heard the result. If I can get Grierson's cavalry to Memphis I will have it pushed out toward Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and threaten Beauregard's communications. I propose to place A. J. Smith's command, with the assistance of the gun-boats, as near to Easport as possible, unless General Beauregard gets the start of me. But if he does not move before Sunday I will have Schofield and Stanley together at Pulaski, and he can then move whenever he pleases. I will fill up General Schofield's and Stanley's corps as soon as possible, but at present almost the entire transportation of the roads is taken up by conscripts and recruits for the commands at the front. Six of the new regiments are still due not heard from since starting. If it is not necessary for Schofield and Stanley to move from Pulaski before I can get Smith well up the Tennessee, Beauregard will have to leave his present position or be cut off from his railroad communication. I have six gun-boats on the Tennessee River now coming up. Lieutenant Shirk has no doubt but that he can reopen the Tennessee River, and raise the blockade. I am afraid it will take longer for Wilson to reorganize and mount his cavalry than he thinks. When he does complete it, we will be strong enough to restore quiet all along the border and undertake the expedition into Alabama. I have made great exertions to prevent stampeding, and so far have succeeded measurably well, but I find it hard work. I have just heard from General Schofield at Chattanooga; a portion of his troops have started on the cars, and he has strong hopes of getting them all off by rail by to-morrow evening.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KINGSTON, GA., November 3, 1864-11. 15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Your dispatch of 2. 30 p. m. received. Grierson already has a DIVISION of cavalry at Memphis, but I do not know its strength for duty. Dana has also some cavalry about Vicksburg. A movement toward the Mobile road from either of these point would operate as a diversion if nothing more. Would not Schofield save time by disembarking about Wartrace and marching by the Shelbyville pike? Beauregard, in my opinion, must finish the railroad from Cherokee to take before he moves any further, but should he move sooner I take it that Stanley can hold him in check behind Richland Creek until re-enforced.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

DALLAS, GA., November 3, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

I have delegated Major J. W. Powell, Second Illinois Artillery, as my chief of artillery for the artillery not in the field with me. Will you

