
forcement of the laws. Have you troops sufficient for this service?

If not, let me know, and if I should have to send re-enforcements from Ohio or Kentucky I will go to the threatened point myself and see what can be done.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 3, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Johnsville, Tenn.:

Proceed to Clifton. General Morgan, with a DIVISION, is moving toward Athens from Huntsville. General Rousseau moves with a good force from here.

By order of General Sherman:

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, cavalry CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 3, 1864.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: After the firing upon my men on Wolf River yesterday I sent out a scout under Captain Johnson, who got track of some of the guerrilla part and pursued them beyond Raleigh. On their return my men captued William L. Gill., private, Company D, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry. He has been discharged once, and now pretends to be absent on "He has been discharged once, and now pretends to be absent on "French" furlough. He had a revolver, with C. S. Army belt, and has been in the neighborhood of our lines for weeks; his sister, Mrs. Seller, lives just outside our lines, and spy says he came up here to get some clothes, hat, boots, &amp;c. He was captured about four miles from here. The following citizens were also brought in, having been found on the road under suspicious circumstances: W. R. Taylor, lives near Raleigh; William Alsop, lives near Raleigh, and a negro whom I have released. I send the others forward under guard. These seems to be a band of conscription rebels (a furloughed "regiment") about Big Creek and the Hatchie. The Raleigh and Somerville road and the road to this place are patrolled by them. The shooting yesterday was known along the whole road to Raleigh. The people at the churches all saw the guerrillas as well as the people at home. They are allowed to come in without remonstrance, and helped away by false information to our pursuing force. Two of the men wh did the shooting yesterday live within five and six miles of here; one's name is Harris andthe other Jones. Their families (one's father and the other's mother) remain at home. I yesterday transmitted to General Washburn a communication in regard to this matter, and will not repeat the reqeust then made, as I suppose it will be granted atthe proper time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

I have determined to prefer the charge against Gill of being a spy, which please find inclosed.

NOBLE,

Colonel.

