
U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS, GENERAL AGENT'S OFFICE,

Chattanooga, November 3, 1864.

Major WILLIAM M. WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: Your communication of to-night is receive, and I can say that two trains are now lying at junction waiting for two trains that left from here nearly an hour ago; will arrive in about an hour from now. It can go forward at 1. 15 a. m. on regular time, or wild, as soon as it arrives if we can get telegraph order after 1. 15 a. m. ; not before 7 a. m., and not then if trains Numbers 3 and Numbers 5 have not arrived from the north before 10 a. m. on regular time. I have the three trains, forty cars and five flats, at Resaca, and the two cars at Tilton for the sick and wounded; also one train at Dalton for General Cox. It is for our interest to send all north as fast as is practicable, in order to clear our yard to unload cars arriving from the front to return south, and our yard is full to-night of loaded cars to be unloaded. Please advise me of your decision in regard to it.

Very respectfully,

G. F. TINDALL,

General Agent.

COLUMBUS, KY., November 3, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch informing me of the probability of Forrest's attacking this post. As the works are very extended the force I have at present, being 800 effective men, is not sufficiently adequate to man the works properly. I have telegraphed for re-enforcement, but failed to receive any. Will hold the post at all points until the last extremity.

JAMES N. McARTHUR,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

PADUCAH, KY., November 3, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Kingston, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 2nd instant, and beg to inform you that your suggestions in regard to the defense of Paducah, Ky., have all been compiled with. On assuming command of this district I found the fort at this place in a very bad condition. I have had a double abatis placed around it, together with a line of rifle-pits, and the fort from the base strengthened with gunny bags. When I issued the proclamation I had only 500 men for duty. It was done for the purpose of procuring the aid of the citizens without force, which was accomplished. Forrest has recently appeared in force in my front, in the direction of Paris, Tenn. Did not make an attack on any post of my district, as expected. He has blockaded the Tennessee and moved upon Johnsonville.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

40 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

