
DETROIT, November 3, 1864.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Unless you can suggest some better mode of raising a regiment for service on the line from foot of Lake Huron to Waldron, I recommend that authority be given the Governor of Michigan to raise a volunteer regiment for twelve months unless sooner discharged. This additional force is absolutely necessary, and should be organized before Detroit River is frozen over. The adjutant-general of the State informs me that the regiment can be formed at once, and that arms, appointments, and clothing are now on hand for it. No lesser force can render the frontier of Michigan secure from the incursions of the disaffected in Canada. Please answer as soon as convenient.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 118. Vicksburg, Miss., November 3, 1864.

* * *

III. Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, U. S. Volunteers, and staff will immediately report to these headquarters at Vicksburg, Miss., for assignment to duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

IV. All officers and enlisted men of the Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Eighty-first Illinois Volunteers, Ninety-fifth Illinois Volunteers, and Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin Volunteers able to travel, and within the District of WEST Tennessee, will be immediately collected and sent forward to join their regiments in the Seventeenth Army Corps, proceeding via Louisville and Nashville. The commanding general District of WEST Tennessee will make the necessary orders.

* * *

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, November 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I am much disappointed in the working of the road. I have urged everybody and everything, but have been able to get in here only seventy-seven cars in the last twenty-four hours, all of which have been promptly unloaded, reloaded, and started back. I am sorry to disappoint you, but am doing my very best. They have accumulated more plunder in the last two months than I supposed could have been got here in six. We have an abundant supply of grain, which I wish you would send animals here to eat up.

L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster.

[NOVEMBER 4, 1864. -For Rawlins to Grant, in relation to re- enforcement from Missouri, see Vol. XLI.]

