
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Kingston, Ga., Numbers 115. November 4, 1864.

I. In view of the contemplated movement, the commanding generals of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Corps, will hold their commands prepared on short notice to march, provided with as much bread, salt, sugar, coffee, and ammunition as they can transport with their present means, each corps independent of all others and independent of the general supply train. All camp and garrison equipage, boxes, chests, trunks, or anything whatsoever tending to overload wagons or to impede rapid movements, will at once be sent to the rear by railroad if transportation can be had; else prepared for destruction about the time of departure.

II. The general plan of movement will be as follows: As much notice as possible will be given in advance to General Easton, at Atlanta, and General Steedman, at Chattanooga, who are charged with the responsibility of causing all the rolling-stock of the railroad to be removed to and north of Resaca, from which point General Steedman will cover its removal into Chattanooga. The railroad lying between Resaca and Etowash bridge will be left substantially undisturbed. The bridge at Resaca, and the iron north of it, will be removed by cars into Chattanooga and stored for future use. The railroad from the Etowah bridge into Atlanta will be destroyed. The Fourteenth Corps will be charged with the destruction of that road from Etowah to Big Shanty, the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps with that from Kenesaw to Chattanooga bridge, and the Twentieth Corps from the Chattanooga into had including Atlanta.

III. On receiving the order to march, the troops embraced in this order will be put in motion from their present camps, each corps to its appointed task, sending forward its supply train to Atlanta to be loaded up for its contemplated march. Having done the work prescribed, in the most summary manner, the troops will be pushed forward to Atlanta, the Army of the Cumberland in Atlanta, the Army of the Tennessee about White Hall. The army commanders are enjoined to observe as much caution and secrecy as is possible and to act with the utmost energy, as after our railroad communication is broken every hour of our time is essential to success.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

KINGSTON, November 4, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD, Marietta, Ga.:

Beauregard is at Florence, and thus far has made no movement farther north. Stanley is at Pulaski, and Schofield in cars moving from Chattanooga to Nashville. Davis is here, and Corse still at Rome, and J. E. Smith assembling his DIVISION at Cartersville. Road and telegraph in good order. There is no need of pushing your troops, and you may hold them anywhere between Marietta and the Chattahoochee you please, convenient to forage, wood, &amp;c., only I want you to best at some appointed place in order that I may reach you with orders. I will send by Captain Steele to-day manuscript orders that will make all things plain to you.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

