
3. The First DIVISION, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the Fourth DIVISION.

4. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will detail a battery to each DIVISION, to move therewith as the DIVISION commander may direct.

5. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First DIVISION, will detail a brigade to move with the supply trains as guard.

The supply train will follow the corps.

* * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 5th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Colonel C. R. Thompson, commanding at Johnsonville, telegraphs this p. m. that three gun-boats were disabled at Johnsonville to- day and abandoned, and destroyed by fire by rebel batteries on the western bank of the Tennessee River, and that rebel batteries opposite the town on the other side of the river were engaging the batteries at that place. He also reports that the gun-boat and transports captured by the enemy a few days since were all destroyed. In addition to the above I have just received the following dispatch from Lieutenant Commander E. M. King to Commander Shirk, Paducah:

At daylight this morning the Undine came up through chute at Reynoldsburg Island, loaded with rebels, who fired her and left. At 8 a. m the Paw Paw and three other gun-boats came in sight. I went down with Elfin and Tawah and engaged a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts above Ryenoldsburg Island, WEST side; it was too much for us. The Key WEST received ten shells through upper works, seven through berth deck, and two through hull; guns disabled on my vessel and Elfin; shell of Tawah, received from Nashville, mostly too large. At 10 a. m. we returned here. At 2 p. m. enemy's batteries opened on us at this place, above and below. The three boats and forts engaged; in shipping cable got foul of stern wheel. Anchor was weighed and Tawah took us in tow and we moved to bank opposite upper battery. Both batteries now opened on us; after firing away mostly all our ammunition I gave orders to get ready to fire boats. Tawah's starboard bow Parrott disabled by enemy's shell; my boat's wheel disabled and cams bent. Seeing it was impossible to hold out longer we burnt the boat reluctantly. Paw Paw and other boats are below with batteries above and, I think, below them. My officers and crew I have ordered to the fort. Johnsonville can only be saved by a large force and iron-clads. Seven transports and our prize Venus are set on fire. We have done what we could.

After reading this dispatch I have determined to send the Twenty- THIRD Corps to Johnsonville. It is now on the way here for Pulaski. The first trains will reach town to-night, and will be at once sent forward. I have telegraphed Colonel Thompson, who was a force of nearly 4,000 men, that he must not think of abandoning the place, and that reenforcement will reach him by to-morrow night. I do nth see how the enemy can cross the river to attack the fort, and therefore feel sure that I can get Schofield's corps there in time. General Croxton reports from Shoal Creek bridge at 7. 30 p. m. yesterday that the enemy was repulsed in their attempt to cross the Tennessee River at Blue Water, half way between Florence and the mouth of Elk River; that the force at Florence remains the same, and in the same position as last reported by him. General Granger reports from Decatur 10. 05 a. m. to-day that

