
he sent scouts out on the Moulton and Courtland roads last night; that the party on the Moulton road saw no enemy, and was informed by citizens that no enemy had passed that road since October 31. The party on the Courtland road drove back some Texas cavalry, which they ascertained to be part of the Texas Legion, of which three regiments are encamped between Decatur and Courtland. Citizens report to them that they were told by the soldiers, and others who came up from Tuscumbia, that the main part of Beauregard's army had gone to Corinth. He put one corps across the river at Florence, and commenced fortifying, but he had moved on himself and had also withdrawn a part of that force. The above statements are corroborated by citizens living on the Moulton road, who say that this is the general impression in that section.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

(Same to Major-General Sherman.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

I have the quartermaster's men at Johnsonville armed and in the trenches. Some fighting there already. Nine hundred of my men, with light battery, sent from here as re-enforcement. Particulars by mail.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Major ECKERT:

Nothing definite concerning the movement of Hood's main body. General Thomas is concentrating Schofield's, Stanley's, Steedman's, and Rousseau's commands near Pulaski, without interruption. A strong force is repairing the part of the road destroyed by Forrest a month since. Forrest has guns in battery two miles below Johnsonville, on the WEST bank of the Tennessee, and to-day repulsed five gun-boats which attacked him, and compelled them to fall back down the river. At the same time he engaged gun-boats and land batteries at the town, and compelled the destroying of three gun-boats and two transports, and the withdrawing of cars and engines beyond the range of their guns. This was the condition at dark.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 4, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

The following dispatch from General Granger, dated Decatur, November 4, 10. 15 a. m., is just received:

I sent out last night a scout seven miles on the Moulton road and one on the Courtland road. Both this moment returned. The scout on the Moulton road met no enemy and saw no signs; they report no soldiers having that way since Mon-

