
day. The party on the Courtland road drove back some Texas cavalry, which they ascertained to be part of the Texas Legion, of which three regiment are encamped between this and Courtland. Citizens report that they were told by the soldiers and others who came up from Tuscumbia that the main that they were told by the soldiers and others who came up from Tuscumbia that the main part of Beauregard's army had gone to Corinth. He put one corps a cross the river at Florence and commenced fortifying, but had moved on himself and had withdrawn part of that force. A citizens from Mud Tavern, on the Moulton road, corroborates the above and says that is the general impression in that section.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 4, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of to-day is received, indicating that Beauregard has moved toward Corinth. I do now wish him in a better place. The trains, on our railroad are not working to my satisfaction. Tell the superintendent I want him to stop running cars for the accommodation of travelers, but to make up a gang of 30 or 400 cars to carry to Atlanta in one trip all we need, and take back all that is necessary. I want this done at once, as I propose to start as soon as the present storm clears away. The whole army is now distributed along the road so as to cover it perfectly. I would like to have you meet me here to confer and superintend the removal back to Chattanooga all railroad stock and garrisons on the breaking up of the road. Answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 4, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

I am directed by General Sherman to say that his order directing you to guard the road to Cartesville should read to Adairsville. Relieve General Smith's troops at Adairsville and Resaca as soon as you can. You will get further written instructions.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 4, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Where is the FIFTY-first Indiana? Send it to report to Brigadier General T. J. Wood at Pulaski as soon as possible. Report in round numbers the average strength of General Cruft's command.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

