
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., November 4, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The FIFTY-first Indiana Regiment is at Bridgeport and Claysville; will send them to General Wood as soon as I can have the Sixty-eighth Indiana from Decatur to relieve them. General Cruft has about 200 men organized, who have been gathered up by a patrol. No organizations of convalescents have yet reported, nor can any be found in Chattanooga or in the vicinity. He will be able from the Soldiers' Home and camp of detachments to increase his command 1,000 nearly, day after to-morrow.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

P. S. -Can I withdraw the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry and Sixty-eighth Indiana Infantry from Decatur? I need them very much.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., November 4, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

We want an efficient railroad agent here to manage the trains. We can have about 130 wagons, which is only sufficient to do the hauling from the depot to the store-room. The infantry must pack their rations to their camps. Can you send me some of the construction corps to build a platform here at once? There is neither lumber nor nails here for platforms.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

General Croxton reports having just returned from a reconnaissance and finds the enemy's lines unchanged. They have a large force of infantry and very little cavalry. He thinks General Hatch should move at once to Bough's Factory via Leadington or Lexington. His force is very much scattered, and if attacked he would be compelled to concentrate his command, which would necessarily cause his abandoning a portion of the road. You will direct General Hatch to move to the point above referred to by General Croxton and General Croxton will report to him, giving him all the information he has with regard to the position and strength of the enemy. You must instruct General Hatch that he and General Croxton must do all they can to hold the enemy in his present position until troops can be concentrated at Pulaski.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., November 4, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The regiment has just returned from Lawrenceburg. They found no enemy nor did they hear of any. Croxton is very anxious to have Hatch's command on the Lamb's Ferry road. I will send Hatch to

