
DECATUR, ALA., November 4, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have out on Tennessee and Elk River and on the railroad all but 2,800 men of the infantry sent to this post. It is therefore impossible to make any serious demonstration upon the enemy in the direction of Courland immediately. I have couriers to call in sufficient force to-morrow, and as soon as they arrive I will make my preparations to feel the enemy.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

Send the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry and the Sixty-eighth Indiana back to General Steedman and the posts they were taken from to be sent to you. The FIFTY-first Indiana you will send to Pulaski to report to General Wood, commanding DIVISION Fourth Army Corps. You can keep the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio for the present and until further orders. I have heard nothing from the gun-boats recently. Do they patrol the river constantly as directed?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SHOAL CREEK BRIDGE, ALA., November 4 [5?], 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

A scout just in from over the river reports the larger part of Hood's army still south of the river, out of rations and butchering everything in the country. Hardee's corps and cavalry not yet arrived, and General Sherman expected. I attacked their outposts yesterday on the Huntsville, military, and intermediate roads, and, driving them a short distance, came upon a strong and well connected line of infantry, and saw beyond the smoke of their camps. They allow no passing in or out, and it is exceedingly difficult for me to get reliable information. I have a prisoner taken the 31st ultimo belonging to Cleburne's DIVISION.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Shoal Creek, via Pulaski:

General Hatch has been directed to me to Bough's Factory via Leadington as you suggest. You will report to him, giving him all the information you can with regard to the strongeth and position of the enemy. Have you heard anything about Colonel Capron or his command, three regiments of cavalry? He left here Monday with orders to report to you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

