HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Shoal Creek, via Pulaski:

You had better strengthen the force at the mouth of the Blue Water, lest the enemy make another attempt to cross. Answer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

FOUR-MILE CREEK, ALA., November 4, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

(Through Brigadier-General Hatch.)

The river has risen more than two feet on the shoals, enough to make six beet below them. A scout from over the river reports the bulk of Hood's army on that side.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, November 4, 1864-6. 30 a. m.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON,

Johnsonville:

Report the numbers of the gun-boats disabled, and whether they are the gun-boats at Johnsonville or those from below, together with a general report of the strength of the enemy, whose force it is, and the amount of damage done by their fire. I wish the report as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1864-12. 40 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The three gun-boats were the ones destroyed; those below are not injured. I sent messengers to them to-night; went six miles down but could not find them. I don't know of the being any force except Forrest's, but am under the impression that they have some infantry. Lieutenant-Commander King thinks a portion of Hood's army has joined them as they have so much artillery. We have 1,200 Enfield rifles, caliber . 58, and about 600, caliber . 69. Of artillery we have five 10-pounder Parrotts, two 20-pounder Parrotts, two Napoleons, and two howitzers from quartermaster's, department Nashville. Colonel Cobb has just returned from opposite Wagner's Landing. He thinks no force has crossed yet, but there seems to be large camps between there and below this place on the other side. I think the re-enforcement should be sent here without delay. The commissary warehouse caught fire from the boats and was consumed with the stores in it and on the levee between the levee and the warehouse. The warehouse south of railroad is all right. Our 10-pounder Parrott gun burst while firing yesterday afternoon.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

