
afternoon that their object was a northwestern confederacy, and that a committee of ten was appointed to assassinate or hold as hostage Governor Morton. Depend upon it that I am not mistaken in the infamous character of this order. I make no assertions without proof.

H. B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Courtland, Ala., November 4, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a communication of General Pilow, and to request your favorable consideration of the same. Being actuated by honest and natural motives to remove his large and dependent family south, I feel that you will extend to him the courtesies which he asks. If granted, will you permit his aide-de-camp and son, Lieutenant George M. Pillow, and his nephew, Lieutenant Lem. Long, to accompany and assist him? I have also to request permission for Dr. W. M. Gentry, a surgeon in our army, to accompany the party to remove his family from Bedford County, Tenn., to our lines. May I ask your early attention and reply to this? I will offer my assurances, if the permission is granted, that these gentlemen will pledge themselves to silence.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., November 2, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN;

SIR: I have received information that my residence and the home of my family, near Columbia, has been sold, or is to be sold in a short time, by decree of confiscation, and that my family are to be turned out of becomes a necessity, and I send this communication to get your permission for their removal and your safeguard for such carriages and horses or mules and wagons as may be necessary to bring out such personal baggage as they may be allowed to remove. All my large estate having been confiscated by authority of your Government, and my family thus reduced to poverty, they are left without the means of getting out. My family consists of a wife and six daughters (nearly all unwed ladies) and a little son nearly eleven years old. Under such circumstances, I will accept it as a personal courtesy, amenitory of the harshness of this war, if you would permit me to go in person to my residence to make the necessary arrangements for their removal, and to carry with me, under your safeguard, such means of transportation as I may be able to command here and such carriages as I may be able to procure from my friends there. I also respectfully ask that you will allow such servants of my family as may choose voluntarily to come with them to do so, that having been allowed to the citizens of Atlanta. If the application is not allowed in the form presented, you will confer a favor

