
on me to allow a personal interview with yourself, designating time and place. If allowed myself to enter your lines, I would do so under such injunctions of silence as you may think proper to impose. I addressed a similar communication some weeks ago to Major-General Rosseau, through Brigadier-General Roddey, but have received no answer. A small guard of Confederates or Federals, but have received no answer. A family, which you will also please allow, to protect them from bushwhackers and robbers.

Very respectfully,

GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

CITY POINT, VA., November 5, 1864-8. 35 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Whig of to-day contains the following paragraph from Mobile:

The Mobile Tribune of Saturday, received yesterday, states that on Wednesday a regiment of Yankee infantry landed at Escambia Bay, below Milton. They were attacked by a company of the Eighth MISSISSIPPI Regiment, which was stationed in that neighborhood on picket duty, and while the engagement was going on a part of the Yankee cavalry got in the rear, capturing about 50 of the men. The enemy destroyed all of our camp equipage, wagons, &amp;c., and also everything in and about Milton.

Another Richmond paper, speaking of the same affair, says the salt works at Milton were destroyed. The only other information of importance from these sources is a statement that the rebels evacuated Plymouth after the loss of the loss of the Albemarle.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 5, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I do not see how Canby can raise the men to make the move proposed for him by Sherman in his dispatch of 7 p. m. the 3d. It may be advisable to send Canby a copy of Sherman's dispatch with instructions that if he can render the co-operation asked for to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Brigadier-General Meagher desires me to inquire if there are any orders for him, and to say that he is unwilling to remain unemployed at a time when the service of every soldier seems needed.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

