
2. The assistant inspectors of artillery will be nominated by the inspector of artillery Department and Army of the Tennessee for appointment by the major-general commanding, and these inspectors will not be considered as belonging to particular brigades, but will be subject to the orders of the inspector of artillery Department and Army of the Tennessee for assignment and change, from time, the principle of rotation being observed by him.

3. The assistant inspectors of artillery brigades will make the monthly reports required by the inspector-general's department to the inspector general of the corps to which the brigade is attached. They will make the necessary inspections, with a view to condemnation, of all ordnance and ordnance stores and other property belonging to the artillery, under the orders of the general commanding the corps, and will submit the reports of such inspections to him for final action.

4. The assistant inspector of heavy artillery and fortifications will make the monthly reports required by the inspector's department to the inspector of the corps to which the garrison or such forts and field works are attached, and he will make the necessary examination, with a view to condemnation, of all ordnance and ordnance stores belonging to the artillery, under the orders of the general commanding the corps, and will submit the report of such inspection to him for final action.

5. The inspections of artillery brigades and the inspector of heavy artillery and fortifications will make monthly inspections and reports to the inspector of artillery Department and Army of the Tennessee, in the manner and on the forms prescribed by him. They will make reports of important matters requiring immediate attention-such as deficiencies of stores, to make the needed repairs, deficiency of forage, &amp;c. -at least once a week and oftener when the urgency of the case demands.

6. They should keep themselves thoroughly informed of the state of instruction and discipline, and the quantity and condition of the stores of the several batteries consisting the brigades to which they are attached, and should report immediately to the commanders of such brigades any want of stores, any breach of discipline, or any ignorance of instructions observed by them, and under their directions see that all orders are promptly obeyed.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, Ga., November 5, 1864.

Colonel Thomas T. HEATH,

Commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding you will move with your entire command, with camp and garrison equipage, at daylight to-morrow morning, November 6, 1864, to Marietta. Upon arrival at Marietta you will report to Brigadier-General Kilpatrick. You will take the men with you that are on duty at Alltoona.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. SIMPSON,

Captain and DIVISION Picket Officer.

