
accumulation of trash which our armies carried with them to Atlanta and which our railroad is slow in getting back, otherwise I am all ready. Will let the men get paid off and election day pass when I will start, say about the 10th. I think Forrest will blockade the Tennessee River until the water rises, when the gun-boats will clean him out, or the same will result as soon as you are in force to cross the Tennessee River above Clifton.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 5, 1864-9 a. m.

G. F. TINDALL,

Superintendent Military Railroads, Chattanooga:

Have all of General Schofield's troops been put on cars and started for this place yet? If not, what portion is still behind, and what are your prospects for sending them forward? I desire you to make every exertion to send these troops on at once, as they are needed here, particularly to be sent on to Johnsonville. Answer immediately.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., November 5, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report only four trains of General Schofield's command gone forward. Two more leave here 1. 30 p. m. Four car-loads yet at Resaca. General Cox' command is at Dalton. We have been very seriously delayed the past three days by small run- offs, slippery tracks, bunching of the trains ten and twenty together, and telegraphic communication imperfect from the storm blocking road, so we could not get any trains around, and I have sent eight trains night before last and yesterday to Dalton, besides trains from Atlanta that got in the block, and when cleared up General Sherman ordered 350 cars to Atlanta by a given time. All had to be sent through, and road has been so full of trains both ways since I could [find] no place to get any more in on it. We will commence at noon again and furnish General Schofield's command all the transportation until his command is moved, which I hope to do to your satisfaction.

G. F. TINDALL,

General Agent.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 5, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Enemy opened on Johnsonville this morning with sixteen guns. Fired about FIFTY shells and ceased, since which they have thrown a force across the Tennessee, using a flat-boat and the boats of the gun- boat 55 which they captured. General Schofield will be there within three hours with a portion of his corps, and will take care of Forrest. Yesterday's affair is called disgraceful here. Raiding rebels cut line near Franklin. No news from Generals Stanley, Rousseau, or their friend Hood.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

