
to a department or army an army corps command by an officer ranking the department or army commander, the former coulod not claim to command the latter, because the President has "otherwise specially directed. " The commander of an "army" is of higher rank than the commander of an "army corps," and the latter must vield when the two act together. So where two or more army corps act in the same department the commander so assigned by the President must command the whole, without regard to seniority. The case, however, is different where two corps in the same army or department "shall happen to join or do duty together," and not under the immediate orders of the department or army commander. Under such circumstances the corps commander of the highest rank would command the whole until "otherwise specially directed by the President of the United States. " The same reasoning applies to two DIVISION which "shall happen to join or do duty together" beyond the direct authority of their corps commanders.

Although General Stanley's claim to the command of the joint forces on the occasion alluded to is not sustained, it was nevertheless. General Schofield' duty to acquiesce in your decision, and obey General Stanley's orders; and the Secretary of War is gratified to find in his conduct on the occasion, and in the tone of his protest, the spirit and subordination so commenable in the good soldier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Smyrna Camp-Ground, October 4, 1864-6. 10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

I have not yet heard from General Elliot, except indirectly through one of General Vandever's scouts. Has he reported to you yet, and have you yet received any information of Hood's whereabouts? General Vandever's scout brings a story that a citizen told him that Hood, with a large force, was at Powder Springs last night, and was moving north via Dallas. I have received no other information of such facts.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 4, 1864.

General D. S. STANLEY,

Smyrna Camp:

I heard from General Elliot last night. He was on the Sandtown and Allatoona road, and reported he would push for Dallas to-day. Hood is reported with infantry at Powder Springs and Dallas; his cavalry upon our road above Marietta. I will be up to-day and move to Kenesaw. Cox and Howard moved at dayLight, and will reach Smyrna to-night. Send word to Vandever to move his force to Kenesaw, leaving a pricket in Marietta.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

5 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

