
NASHVILLE, November 5, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 9. 30 a. m.)

Major General D. S. STANLEY:

If any of Major-General Schofield's troops have gone on to Pulaski, I wish you to send them back to Nashville at once, to proceed from this place to Johnsonville. If there be none of his troops at Pulaski now, and any should arrive during the day, I desire you to send them back immediately to Johnsonville, as above directed.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 5, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

No report from Croxton last night. Two regiments of the Twenty- THIRD Corps are here and just starting back.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, November 5, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward herewith two communications received yesterday under flag of truce, directed to General Sherman. * A duplicate of the one from General Pillow was forwarded to the major-general some time ago. I dismissed the flag and to-day notified General Jackson that the communication would be forwarded to General Rousseau.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, November 5, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your two telegrams just received. The flag of truce was dismissed last night. The FIFTY-first Indiana Infantry has never reported at these headquarters; as soon as it reports I will order forward as directed. The gun-boats are actively patrolling the river, but bring no news of importance. The Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops and Sixty-eighth Indiana are ordered out on expedition to Courtland; as soon as they return I will send them to Chattanooga. I sent a communication to General Jackson by flag of truce this morning, informing him that a duplicate of the communication from General Pillow addressed to General Rousseau some time since had been forwarded to that officer, and that out of courtesy to that officer we would forward this one to him instead of General Sherman, supposing that General Rousseau had full authority to act in the premises; of course if he has not, he can forward to General Sherman.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See p. 639.

---------------

