
NASHVILLE, November 5, 1864-11 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER, Decatur:

Instruct your men whenever the enemy send in a flag of truce again to say that they are not permitted to receive any flags of truce at all, and then they will have no opportunities afforded them of getting information.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

DECATUR, November 5, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy have been reported crossing the river this afternoon to the island below Brown's Ferry; I think this only a small party of the enemy's cavalry. Have ordered 100 cavalry from here to Brown's Ferry, and directed the officer at mouth of Elk River to co-operate with this force to prevent their crossing to the mainland. This gives a force at Brown's Ferry of about 350 men. Artillery firing is reported in that direction this evening; I think it needs confirmation. A scout will leave to-night for Courtland, which I hope will give us some news. I should like to go with it myself, but am quite unwell.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, November 5, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DOOLITTLE, Commanding Post, Decatur:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you proceed early to-morrow morning in direction of Courtland to reconnoiter the enemy's forces on the Courtland road. You will take with you for this purpose the following forces, viz: One hundred and second Ohio Infantry, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry, Sixty- eighth Indiana Infantry, One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Infantry, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, and a section of artillery. You will move as far in direction of Courtland as you shall deem prudent. The object of this reconnaissance is to gain all the information possible as to the whereabouts of General Hood's army, and the force immediately about Courtland, and "to give the impression to the enemy that you are watching them closely to follow them up. " You will not proceed beyond Fox Creek. Colonel Saylor will hold all the forces of this post after leaving a garrison of 1,000 men in readiness to re-enforce Colonel Doolittle, if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

First Lieutenant, 18th Michigan Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FOUR-MILE CREEK, ALA., November 5, 1864.

(Via Pulaski 6th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Clift, commanding Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, left the road I had them covering and came over and struck the Huntsville road in my rear. I sent him back to Lexington. What there is

