
FOUR-MILE CREEK, ALA., November 5, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE SPALDING,

Commanding 4th Div. Cav., Army of the Cumberland:

Request Major-General Stanley to let me know where General hatch is. If Colonel Capron is there, tell him to move out to meet me on the Lamb's Ferry road, unless General Stanley thinks he had better go with General Hatch.

Respectfully,

JNO T. CROWTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 5, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Gallup has arrived with 1,000 men, thank Good. Is General Schofield in his way here, as reported?

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel.

NASHVILLE, November 5, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON, Johnsonville:

Make your requisitions for ammunition as early in the day as possible, about 9 a. m., for instance. This will obviate the necessity of going to the magazine with lights at night, as heretofore. Have you any new movements on the part of the enemy to report this morning? General Schofield's troops are being forwarded you as rapidly as possible, and some of the trains should reach you by the time you receive this. A greater portion of the corps will reach you to-day. Hold on to your position till the re-enforcements reach you, when you will have enough force to drive the enemy off.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 5, 1864-1. 45 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy commenced crossing this morning five miles above with two flat-boats, the gig and cutter of the Undine. He evidently intends to attack. There are two guns and some dismounted cavalry opposite. They have fired little or none since 9 a. m. An as well prepared as I can be with the force under my command. No re-enforcements arrived yet. Two trains have left Gillem's.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 5, 1864-3 p. m.

Colonel C. R. THOMPSON, Johnsonville:

Your dispatch of 1. 45 p. m. just received. How did the enemy get the gig and cutter of the Undine above Johnsonville? Don't you mean that they are crossing below instead of above, as your dispatch states? Are they crossing above or below the mouth of Duck River?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

