
JOHNSONVILLE, TENN., November 5, 1864-3. 50 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. The enemy commenced crossing this morning about five miles above. One of my scouts saw the cutter and gig. A colored woman reported they had crossed some troops in two flat- boats, probably constructed by themselves. I think they took the Undine's boats up from below in wagons. The enemy are burying their dead opposite this place; no shots fired since last report. The gun-boats are in sight below; have heard two shots from them. Colonel Gallup, commanding re-enforcements, is hard at work, and, as he says, in a short time will be able to give them a damned har fight. Our skirmishers on the bank reported that we dismounted one of their guns this forenoon.

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, TENN., November 5, 1864-4. 15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The vedettes report the enemy east of us moving this way. They are one mile south of the railroad.

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, November 5, 1864.

(Via Cairo 7th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I have your dispatch of the 1st. * I cannot learn what are the intentions of Forrest or Hood, nor do I know anything of Hood's whereabouts. Forrest is in WEST Tennessee, and I think has 10,000 men. Ten days ago he was building pontoon-boats at Jackson, and he left Jackson with some force for Paris eight days ago, and may intend to cross the river and attack Johnsonville. I shall not think it strange if I should hear of Hood and Forrest moving from Corinth toward Memphis. Please advise me of what you know of the whereabouts and intentions of either.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., November 5, 1864.

Brigadier General E. HATCH:

GENERAL: The patrols from Lawrenceburg road report that they saw a citizen from Lawrenceburg, who stated that the advance of General Forrest's command reached that place yesterday. No estimate as to strength. No report from the other brigade yet.

JAMES P. METCALF,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

This is probably the advance of the force that has been crossing at Clifton.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Thomas to M. L. Smith, p. 589.

---------------

