
lumber trade. She was delivered November 1 at Port Colborne. She made a trip to Buffalo on the 3rd instant, and cleared for Port Colborne same day without cargo. She was partly disabled and repaired here. My information is that she will be armed on the Canada shore for the purpose of encountering the U. S. steamer Michigan, and for piratical or predatory purposes on the lake or frontier. I consider it my duty to communicate this information to you. Have telegraphed to Erie, Cleveland, Sandusky, and Detroit.

WM. G. FARGO,

Mayor.

I have sent dispatches to Detroit, Cleveland, and Toledo. Shall I take the tug Burnside and send her out with one gun in the morning to reconnoiter?

FRED. S. PALMER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, November 5, 1864.

Colonel FREDERICK S. PALMER,

Sandusky, Ohio:

Cannot the Michigan perform the duty you require of the tug Burnside?

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 6, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 3. 55 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In the death of Brigadier-General Ransom the country has sustained a great loss. He was always regarded as one of the most brave and capable commanders in the West, and had he lived no doubt would have been promoted to the rank of major-general. May I now ask that brevet appointment be given him, dating from the time he received his last wound -the 9th of April, 1864 -and that the appointment be sent to his mother.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 6, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 1 p. m. yesterday is answered by my dispatch of yesterday, not probably received until yours was sent off. I think Memphis is just as likely to be endangered by Beauregard's movements as Nashville. The best way to drive him back, in my opinion, is that being pursued and that recommended by Sherman. I have been regretting for several days that I did not see where a column of 10,000 men could be got from to move from Vicksburg to meridian and Selma. I am inclined to think the whole affair on the lower Tennessee has been disgraceful to those on our side engaged.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

42 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

