
WASHINGTON, D. C., November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

What I meant about Canby was whether, considering the uncertainty of Sherman's movements and the large force with which Beauregard was operating against Thomas and the MISSISSIPPI River, it would not be best for Canby to give up sending troops to the coast of Georgia, and operate against Beauregard the best he could from the MISSISSIPPI River. I understand that the Mobile and Ohio Railroad has been repaired as far north as Corinth, which is made Beauregard's depot and that the MISSISSIPPI and Tennessee Railroad is repaired to Holly Springs. I also learn from Generals Dana and M. L. Smith that the enemy are preparing to occupy the left bank of the MISSISSIPPI so as to secure the crossing of Kirby Smith's forces to the east side. General Curtis reached Fayetteville, Ark., on the 2d, and raised the rebel siege of that place. He then pushed on for Fort Smith, where General Thayer is besieged, and will probably reach there to-night or to-morrow. Whether Steele is doing anything I cannot learn; at any rate Price will be disposed of within the next two or three days, and it seemed to me that if Canby were relieved from the proposed expedition to the Georgia coast, he could with Reynolds' forces, what Steele could spare, and what he could collect on the MISSISSIPPI River, so operate on Beauregard's communications as to greatly relieve Sherman and Thomas. From all the dispatches and telegrams received here, it seems that Beauregard is collecting into WEST Tennessee and Northern MISSISSIPPI every man he can raise in Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., November 6, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

What I understand to be General Sherman's desire was that Canby should act on Beauregard's communications from the MISSISSIPPI River. By all means, under existing state of affairs, he should not move a soldier from the MISSISSIPPI to the southern coast. As large a force as he can send ought to go as far as Meridian or Selma, if they can get there. But the road from Jackson east should be well broken and as much damage as possible done to the Mobile and Ohio.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief, City Point, Va.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have heretofore telegraphed and written you pretty fully, but I still have some thoughts in my busy brain that should be confided to you as a key to future developments. The taking of Atlanta broke upon Jeff. Davis so suddenly as to disturb the equilibrium of his usually well-balanced temper, so that at Augusta, Macon, Montgomery, and Columbia, S. C., he let out some of his thoughts

