
II. In pursuance of instructions from Major-General Thomas, Brigadier General B. H. Grierson will collect the various detachments of his DIVISION now in WEST Tennessee and Missouri, and with them join the cavalry corps at this place, via Louisville, Ky., or such other route as may be found more convenient. All men on detached duty, mounted or dismounted, belonging to this DIVISION, will be immediately returned to their regiments. The command will be remounted and equipped for the field at Saint Louis and Louisville with the least possible delay.

III. General Grierson will also send the dismounted men at Hatch's DIVISION under proper officers to Louisville for remount, with instructions to join their DIVISION in the field as soon as practicable.

IV. For the purpose of reconnaissance and scouting one regiment will be left in the District of Vicksburg, and two or three in the District of Memphis, under the command of an efficient officer.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Nashville, Tenn., November 6, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Districts of Memphis and Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The cavalry force of the Military DIVISION of the MISSISSIPPI having been organized into a corps under my command, I am directed by General Sherman, and, in his absence, by General Thomas, to concentrate the various brigades and DIVISIONS at this place for the purpose of perfecting their organization and preparing them for the field. In pursuance of these instructions, the brigade in the District of Vicksburg, and Winslow's DIVISION (now Grierson's), in Mississippi, with all the men on detached duty from them, have been ordered, via Louisville, to this place. In order that a force sufficient for scouting may be left under your command, General Thomas has directed that one regiment be left at Vicksburg and two or three at Memphis.

Colonel Brackett, special inspector of the Cavalry Bureau, will deliver you this. He is sent to confer with yourself and General Grierson, and to secure the speedy execution of the orders alluded to above.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, Ga., November 6, 1864.

The corps will, to-day, be moved back within the fortifications of this city and encamped near their old positions. The DIVISIONS will move in the following order: First DIVISION at 1 p. m., Second DIVISION at 2 p. m., THIRD DIVISION at 3 p. m. The troops will be held in readiness to move at short notice. The wagons will be kept loaded. DIVISION commanders will, after reaching camp, make an inspection of their wagon trains to see that they are properly loaded, and only with such stores and baggage as are properly authorized. The trains will be parked near the camps of the troops and kept well together.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

