
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT FIELD ORDERS, AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 159. Smyrna Camp-Ground, Ga., November 6, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Brigadier General William Vandever, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the District of Marietta, and is appointed a member of the court-martial convened by special orders from these headquarters to meet at Louisville, Ky., for the trial of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, U. S. Volunteers. He will forthwith proceed to Louisville, Ky., and report to the president of said court-martial for the duty herein assigned him.

VI. Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth DIVISION, Seventeenth Army Corps, in addition to such command, will assume command of the District of Marietta, vice General Vandever relieved. He will relieve all troops and detached men on duty in the district not belonging to his DIVISION, with instructions to join their proper commands forthwith.

* * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General William Vandever, on the final dissolution of the general court-martial appointed to meet at Louisville, Ky., for the trial of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, U. S. Volunteers, of which he is a member, will report to Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps, at Memphis, Tenn., for assignment.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard;

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Smyrna Camp-Ground, November 6, 1864.

[General VANDEVER:]

GENERAL: General Sherman directs me to garrison Marietta. You already have a small brigade in that district, and if you will encamp another near the city and south of it, to assist in doing the picket duty, it will be sufficient. The regiments of the Armies of the Cumberland and Ohio will be relieved and ordered to their commands immediately. Please have your brigade in the District of Marietta (now scattered from Moon's Station to this place) put in order for the field. The troops can be fitted up at the posts where they now are and save our weary men marching to relieve them and back again.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. -If you send one of your brigades, as above mentioned, to vicinity of Marietta to-morrow ill it will answer. General Sherman is still at Kingston. Beauregard reported at Florence. The Fourth Corps at Pulaski and the Twenty-THIRD on the cars. General Sherman says Beauregard has made no movement farther north. The paymaster will be here to-morrow noon from Atlanta.

O. O. H.,

Major-General.

