HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Smyrna Camp-Ground, Ga., November 6, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find letter of instructions of General Sherman,* which you have probably received, also copy of letter to General Canby. +

Some troops of the department will doubtless have been detained by General Thomas en route to me; for example, Hatch's cavalry, the fragments of regiments heretofore ordered up, and perhaps the Seventy-second Illinois Infantry. Brevet Major-General Wilson will attend to the cavalry. Please collect all other scattered troops belonging to this army at Memphis and Vicksburg, or at such other points as you may elect, and organize them as well as you can, retaining them until they can conveniently join their proper commands. I have sent officers of my staff, viz, Lieutenant-Colonel Clark, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel Garber, senior chief quartermaster; Major Powell, acting chief of artillery, &amp;c., to report to yourself in order to advise you as to the state of their respective departments, make the necessary reports, and take charge of public property scattered from Chattanooga to Natchez. Any aid they can give you will be cheerfully rendered. General Sherman's instructions are so full that I need add nothing, only that I believe he cannot find a better than yourself to execute them.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Smyrna Camp-Ground, Ga., November 6, 1864.

The command will remain in its present camp until the soldiers have been paid, clothed, and till after the Presidential election. DIVISION commanders will use every effort to have their commands put in complete order during that period. By the order issued in regard to the men not equipped to be sent to Atlanta, it is not intended that the company officers should accompany them, but a good officer from each DIVISION will take charge of the men, and the ordnance officer of the DIVISION will accompany them to draw the arms and accouterments.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair, Jr.:

W. E. WARE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, November 6, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON, Aide-de-Camp;

The effective portion of Colonel Garrard's command is now sent on reconnaissance by order of General Slocum. I will direct that this force remain at Atlanta agreeably to your instructions. The dismounted have already left Atlanta as guard to my ordnance. On reaching this point I will at once mount and send them back. I have upward of 700 effective men now at Atlanta. If not sufficient I will send a mounted force to join them.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Of October 30, p. 527.

+See p. 663.

---------------

