HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 6, 1864.

General VANDEVER, Marietta, Ga.:

General Howard will give you other troops to garrison Marietta, and those you have you will send to their respective corps.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 6, 1864.

General RAUM, Resaca, Ga.:

Move your entire command and headquarters to Cartersville, turning over the guns at the fort to the troops relieving you. General Steedman is advised as regards furnishing garrisons and is responsible.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 6, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 7th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I received from General Croxton this morning at 10 o'clock dispatches to the effect that the enemy had attacked him in force, and had driven him across Shoal Creek on the afternoon of the 4th instant, compelling him to fall back to Four-Mile Creek. The following dispatch* has just been received from him, which I forward for your information. I forward also the following,+ just received from General Schofield. I shall concentrate all of General Schofield's troops at Pulaski, with exception of Colonel Gallup's brigade, which, for the present, I will leave at Johnsonville. Have placed General Schofield in command of the two corps at Pulaski, believing him entitled to it by virtue of his position as a department commander, that being a higher command than an army corps. Hope I may be sustained in this decision, as in the present case, aside from the reasons on which I made the assignment, General Schofield is much the more reliable commander of the two. General Wilson has just arrived here, and arranged with me this evening for a complete remount and thorough reorganization of the cavalry. Think we shall have no further trouble with the cavalry, excepting that attending the getting of horses sufficiently fast to the front. Have just heard from General Granger, at Decatur, who reports that a reconnaissance from his post had just returned from within eight miles of Courtland. Met 800 of the enemy's cavalry (all Texas troops) at Fox Creek, drove them a mile beyond, but could obtain no information in addition to that heretofore reported. The outpost at Brown's Ferry reports only a few rebel cavalry on the opposite shore, who made no attempt to cross. All of General Stanley's troops are now at Pulaski, and in position ready for the enemy, should he attempt an advance. The cavalry is well up to the enemy's position, and will be able to give the earliest information of his first movement northward.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Sherman, 12. 30 a. m. November 7.)

---------------

*See Croxton to Thomas, November 6, 6. 30 a. m., p. 672.

+See Schofield to Thomas, November 6, 7 p. m., p. 674.

---------------

