
NASHVILLE, November 6, 1864-12 m.

Major-General STANLEY:

Sixty thousand rounds of musket ammunition were ordered to be shipped to you four days ago, . 58 caliber. Send a dispatch immediately to General Croxton to get and report the state of affairs with him, and also General Hatch, at Lexington. Report what news you get to me as soon as received. Have you heard of your wagon train? Inquire of Colonel Pace what has become of the ammunition.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 6, 1864-5. 40 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY:

The ammunition ordered by you a few days since was shipped by Captain S. B. Brown, assistant quartermaster, on the 4th instant, in his car 646, on extra train, 3. 20 p. m., Rice, conductor. It should have reached you before this. The ammunition for to-day has been ordered and will reach you at earliest opportunity and on first train.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,November 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Pace, to know whether he can tell whether the ammunition herein referred to has yet arrived.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Pulaski, November 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned, with the information that 60,000 rounds arrived to-day. The invoice says it was shipped on the 4th instant. I think the sixty boxes which arrived to-day is the ammunition referred to in this dispatch.

Respectfully,

THOS. N. PACE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

PULASKI, November 6, 1864-6. 30 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 12 m. received. Croxton's dispatch of 6. 30 this a. m. will explain his position and affairs to you. I sent the Eighth Michigan, of Capron's brigade, to Lawrenceburg to scout northwest from that point and cover the railroad better. I keep the rest of Capron's forces here at present. I will direct Hatch to watch and hold Shoal Creek. I think the demonstration at Florence a feint. We worked hard fortifying to-day; will finish to-morrow. My train has

