
The cavalry captured one and wounded another of the enemy, both of whom were brought in with the command. All behaved well. No information of any importance was obtained. The report of Hood crossing at Florence seems to be pretty thoroughly circulated through the country. The command reached camp by 3 p. m., having marched in all about twenty-two miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. COOLITTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

FOUR-MILE CREEK, November 6, 1864-6. 30 a. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy recrossed Shoal Creek last night. I had a scout on the military road, twelve miles above Florence, at 8 o'clock last night, and at that time no rebels had appeared at that point except two, who returned to Bough's Factory at sundown, reporting a cavalry force there. General Hatch was on Sugar Creek at 3 p. m. yesterday, moving to Lexington, to which point I sent him full dispatches last night. Have not heard from him, but as soon as I do will advise that we move down and occupy the line of Shoal Creek. I doubt if the enemy meditate an immediate advance. I think that their cavalry are operating elsewhere, and they are waiting for it. A prisoner belonging to the THIRD Engineer Regiment, who helped build their bridge, reports that Lee's corps crossed on Tuesday, and that they have no other force on this side; they had about a DIVISION in the fight yesterday.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 6, 1864-1 p. m.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Four-Mile Creek, Ala., via Pulaski:

Three dispatches from different points are just received, and from the confusion of dates and hours of dispatching I can make nothing out of them, only that the enemy have attacked you, and that you have fallen back. Upon receipt of this dispatch I wish you to give me a true report of the actual condition of affairs, and what is your present station. If you have not the confidence you should have in Colonel Clift, send him back to Pulaski, and incorporate his regiments with your command. I desire no officer to be in command of my troops at such a time as this in whom confidence cannot be reposed. I directed General Stanley to order General Hatch down to Bough's Factory, via Leadington or Lexington, as you suggested in your dispatch a few days since.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

FOUR-MILE CREEK, November 6, 1864-3. 20 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Johnson's DIVISION, of Lee's corps, in encamped on Shoal Creek near the bridge. General Hatch passed Lexington 11 this a. m.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

