
KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 6, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have not heard of any force WEST of Jonesborough. General Vaughn is reported with 1,000 or 1,200 men at Jonesborough; General Gillem at or near Greeneville.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, November 6, 1864-6. 45 p. m.

(Received 7. 10 p. m.)

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

The following telegram just received. The same information was received yesterday from Colonel Palmer, at Sandusky, and a dispatch has just been received from him, stating that the steamer Michigan left this morning in pursuit of the propeller Georgiana. Colonel Palmer also telegraphed the same to Detroit and Cleveland:

WASHINGTON, November 6, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

The following telegram has received by Secretary of War, and is transmitted for your information:

"I am advised by the mayor of Buffalo that propeller Georgiana is arming on the Canadian shore of Lake Erie for the purpose of encountering the steamer Michigan, and for piratical or predatory enterprise on the frontier.

"JOHN A. DIX,

"Major-General. "

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, November 6, 1864.

Colonel B. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Michigan, Detroit, Mich.:

The following telegram* has just been received by Secretary of War, and is transmitted for your information:

Let your detective find out about this, and also let your tug be advised of it that he may be prepared. If this report is true, your tug should be able to sink the Georgiana no matter what she is armed with.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

DETROIT, November 6, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Had previously heard the rumor, and have sent my armed tug to mouth of Detroit River, and placed Fort Wayne on its guard. Nothing is known in Windsor about the Georgiana. Steamer Michigan should be ordered to cruise on both shores of Lake Eric and ascertain truth of rumor.

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

---------------

*See Townsend to Hooker, next, ante.

---------------

