
CINCINNATI, OHIO, November 6, 1864.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch respecting the propeller Georgiana received. The information was received yesterday from Sandusky, and the steamer Michigan left this morning for a cruise on the lake in pursuit of the Georgiana.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, November 6, 1864.

MAYOR OF BUFFALO, N. Y.:

Please inform me if you consider the report that the rebels are fitting up a propeller for hostile purposes reliable. Should not your informant have been able to tell you at what port this was being done if such is the case. Excuse my skepticism as to the accuracy of this information as we receive so little that is reliable.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SANDUSKY, November 6, 1864-9. 40 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Yes; the Michigan left this morning for a cruise on the lake.

FRED. S. PALMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

BUFFALO, November 6, 1864.

General HOOKER:

The facts relative to the propeller are these: The Georgiana was purchased a week ago by a Canadian sympathizer with the rebels and last night took thirty cords of wood at Port Colborne, clearing for Sarnia; she is probably on a marauding expedition, but her destination is wholly unknown here. I have placed cannon at the entrance of this harbor, and the mayor has a tug reconnoitering the harbor. It is believed that a force is opposite Suspension Bridge, the advance guard of a large body. We are pretty well organized here.

JOHN A. HADDOCK,

Major and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Illinois,Springfield, Ill., November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant W. B. FEELY,

Charleston, Ill.:

Transfer all troops at Charleston to Paris, Edgar County, with ten days' rations, and report for duty to Captain Fithian, provost- marshal, Seventh District, without any delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Cook:

B. F. SMITH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

