
KINGSTON, GA., November 7, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 8. 15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

By the 10th the election will be over, the troops all paid, and all our surplus property will be back to Chattanooga. On that day, or the following, if affairs should remain as now in Tennessee, I propose to begin the movement which I have hitherto fully described. I can hear of no large force to our front, and, according to Thomas, Hood remains about Tuscumbia, and he feels perfectly confident of his ability to take care of him. You can safely communicate with me for the next three days.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Halleck.)

CITY POINT, VA., November 7, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch of this evening received. I see no present reason for changing your plan; should any arise you will see it; or if I do, will inform you. I think everything here favorable now. Great good fortune attend you. I believe you will be eminently successful, and at worst can only make a march less fruitful of results than is hoped for.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 277. Washington, November 7, 1864.

I. By direction of the President, all troops on the east bank of the MISSISSIPPI River are detached from their several department and corps commands, and will report to Major-General Canby, or to such commander as he may direct.

II. The SIXTEENTH Army Corps, as a corps organization, is hereby abolished.

III. Brevet Major-General Emory is appointed to the command of the Nineteenth Army Corps, headquarters with the army of General Sheridan, in the field. All detachments of organizations of this corps serving with General Emory, left in the Department of the Gulf, will be sent to the headquarters of the corps, via Washington.

IV. The organization known as the Nineteenth Corps, in the Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi, is abolished, and the troops composing it will be organized as Major-General Canby may direct.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies telegraph by Assistant Adjutant-General Townsend to Generals Sherman and Thomas 1. 40 p. m. November 7.)

KINGSTON, GA., November 7, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

(Received 3. 55 a. m. 8th.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch of to-day received. Disposition of troops on the MISSISSIPPI very satisfactory to me. The two DIVISIONS of the SIXTEENTH Corps,

