
and Cox on the right of the mountain. I propose to threaten the enemy's right, to interpose between him and his line of retreat, and desire a movement on Pine Top to deter him from attacking Allatoona before we get all ready. General Elliott is ordered also to act in concert with you.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Smyrna Camp-Ground, October 4, 1864-10. 15 a. m.

General WHITAKER:

The command will prepare to move in the following order; Frist, will be the THIRD DIVISION, with battery and ten ambulances following; second, the First DIVISION and then amulances; next, the ammunition trains, and after them the remaining batteries of the artillery brigade; next, corps, DIVISION, and brigade headquarters trains; next, hospital trains and ambulances; next, regiment wagons. DIVISION commanders will bring in their pickets at once.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Wood and Campain Bridges.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, October 4, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

I arrived at the crossing last evening at dark; was only able to put one DIVISION across during the night. My troops and ammunition are all over and encamped on the road leading to Nickajack. This road leads through the rebel works at Nickajack and runs from there into the Marietta road. I have just returned from General Stanley's headquarters. He is moving for Little Kenesaw and advised me to move on this road to that point. My supply train is ttill on the other side, of the river and rations are due the troops to-morrow night. Should I move without it I should fear it s coming up. Please report this information to the general commanding.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General.

CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, October 4, 1864-2 p. m.

General DAVIS:

I want your DIVISION up toward Marietta, joining on to General Stanley on his left. Your trains will be safe, for Kilpatrick is off to your left. Still you whould leave a guard with them. Howard's troops are now passing up to Smyrna. I want as strong a force up to the left of Kenesaw as possible to-night. Hood is at Dallas; his cavalry is on our road and Elliot is after them.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

