
CITY POINT, VA., November 7, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 7. 40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I suppose there is no doubt that General Thomas will be sustained in giving General Schofield the command over General Stanley. The latter is senior in rank, but a corps is a very high command for him. To insure its being advantageously used he should always have a superior with him to direct. If Schofield is likely to be embarrassed by Stanley's feeling soured at serving under a junior, and therefore not giving a hearty support, authority had better be given Schofield to remove the latter, when, in his judgment, the good of the service requires it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 7, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

General A. J. Smith's command, formerly Generals A. J. Smith's and Mower's DIVISION, numbering 9,000 effective men, will commence leaving here as early as the 10th instant for Paducah, Ky., with orders to report arrival at that place to you by telegraph. The Sixty-first Illinois Volunteers, numbering fully 260 effective veterans, left here for Paducah yesterday, and the Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, numbering 600 effective men, was to leave Cairo last night or this morning for Paducah. There will also leave here within the next four days, in addition to the troops hereinbefore named, six regiments and two batteries, numbering over 4,000 effective men. Four of these regiment sand one battery will be off to-day. These troops have been directed to report to the commanding officer at Paducah until the arrival of General A. J. Smith, and then to report to him unless otherwise ordered by you. There is about 300 effective cavalry of Winslow's command that did not go forward in pursuit of Price beyond La Mine bridge, which will reach here in four days from this time under orders of Major- General Sherman to go to Memphis. If you desire it to accompany General Smith, who wants it very much, you are authorized to order it from here. The remainder of Winslow's cavalry is with Generals Rosecrans' and Curtis' cavalry continuing the pursuit of Price, and it will be some time before it will be back. Major-General Rosecrans may be able to send you more troops than are mentioned in this dispatch. He will at least use every exertion to do so. Should you desire any change in the orders as to the destination of these troops please communicate the desired change to Generals Rosecrans and Smith at this place, who will at once make it for the troops under their respective commands.

By command of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant:

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Grant. Received City Point 2. 30 p. m. 8th.)

