
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 7, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 4. 05 a. m. 8th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Schofield's presence at Johnsonville has had the effect of quieting excitement among the troops at that place, and they are now busily engaged constructing works for better defense of the position. He will leave Johnsonville to-morrow, and go with the greater part of his force to Pulaski, two of his brigades only remaining at Johnsonville. General A. J. Smith's troops are being embarked now at Saint Louis, and I hope to have them here in a few days. My last report from the front placed the enemy in and around Florence, all but his cavalry, which is said to be on the south side of the Tennessee and watching General Sherman. General Granger reports from Decatur up to last night his scouts have gone within eight miles of Courtland, and report nothing but Texas cavalry from the south side of the Tennessee, from Bridgeport down to Brown's Ferry.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

KINGSTON, November 7, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch of 12. 30 p. m. yesterday received. * General Schofield is entitled to the command by virtue of a recent decision of the War Department. I would advise you to add to those corps new regiments until they number 25,000 men each. If Beauregard advances from Corinth it will be better for you to command in person. Your presence alone will give confidence. Granger should continue all the time to threaten the rear, and as soon as possible some demonstration should be made from the direction of Vicksburg against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Also I want you to assume the offensive as quick as possible, as I have reason to believe all of Beauregard's army is not there, but that he has also divided his forces.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 7, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Kingston:

Your dispatch of 10 a. m. this day just received. It is and has always been my intention to command the troops with me in person. My object in giving the preference to General Schofield was merely that he should exercise command should accidental circumstances prevent my presence. I shall fill up the two corps of Schofield's and Stanley's to the number suggested by you, which was also my intention, as fast as I get the troops to do so, and just as soon as I get a sufficient cavalry force to warrant I will not be slow, I assure you, to assume the offensive against the enemy. General Croxton's report of this morning confirms the statement of yesterday that the enemy had fallen back beyond Shoal Creek, and appearances all indicate that he will not attempt any offensive movements just yet. Major General A. J. Smith reports from Saint

---------------

*It was sent 12. 30 a. m. November 7. See p. 606.

---------------

