
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 7, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Situation very little changed since my last. Hood has three corps north of the Tennessee, at Florence, and is wating only for his cavalry to cross before moving. He promises his army it shall go to Ohio, crossing one railroad at Athens and another at Murfreesborough. Forrest has apparently given up the attempt to capture Johnsonville, and, having no gun-boats to fore, is leisurely crossing the Tennessee River and preparing to cover Hood's left when he commences the movement. Jeff. Davis has been visiting Hood again. They have evidently no suspicion of Sherman's intended movement, but look for him on their rear, and are ready to swear there are no Yankees in Georgia now.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

PULASKI, November 7, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: The following has just been received from General Hatch:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Near Bough's Factory, Shoal Creek, November 6, 1864-8 p. m.

I found the enemy's pickets on Lawrenceburg road about three miles north of Bough's Factory. Drove them over Shoal Creek this evening. They belong to Armstrong's cavalry, which is said to be 4,000 strong. We found some infantry south of the creek; also, three miles down on the creek at White's Ford a DIVISION of infantry. Two deserters who came in to-day say Hood is going to Murfreesborough; was not ready to move to-day. They probably, overestimate his force; say they have three corps -Lee's, Hardee's, and Cheatham's -50,000 to 60,000 men. Beauregard was in Florence to-day. I found no forage at Shoal Creek. I shall be obliged to move to the rear four miles to forage in the morning and will then move up again.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, November 7, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

A deserter from SIXTEENTH Alabama, Cleburne's DIVISION, Cheatham's corps, left Florence last Wednesday; says three corps are across the river in Florence; the last crossed Wednesday morning. The cavalry is all on the other side of river, he says, watching for Sherman. The trains were all at Tuscumbia. Jeff. Davis visited the army when below Decatur; he and Hood made speeches. Hood said they would plant their flag of the Ohio before they stopped. They say they are going by Athens to Murfreesborough. They are waiting for their cavalry to start. He says they are putting a railroad bridge over the old piers at Florence.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

