
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 7, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

Your two dispatches of 5 and 6 p. m. to-day have been received. Have you heard anything of your wagon train yet? Probably it would be well to have one of Colonel Capron's regiments patrol the road from Pulaski to Columbia. I have ordered General Rousseau to have the railroad this way from Columbia patrolled.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 7, 1864-12 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS;

My train has made miserable progress; will not all get to Cowan until to-morrow. Colonel Hayes complains of bad roads and high water in Crow Creek. I have telegraphed repeatedly hurrying him up. I will send patrol on road to Columbia. Have you any instructions in case communications should be cut? Has General Sherman made his move?

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 7, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

We hold the line taken yesterday at Shoal Creek and Bough's Mills. I have one brigade here and move one brigade down the creek to fill up the gap between my DIVISION and General Croxton, and hold the main Lexington and Florence road. My headquarters will be at Taylor's Springs, that point being more central than the present. Send me to Lexington, via Sugar Creek, 10,000 light rations. If Capron's brigade is at Pulaski it would be well to patrol WEST to Lawrenceburg.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, November 7, 1864-1. 20 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Courier just in from Major Williamson, at Brown's Ferry, and reports everything quiet, no appearance of the enemy. Gun-boat Stone River here; will send it down with a detachment to reconnoiter the island and go as far below as possible. It rained in torrents all last night and is raining heavily again to-day. Elk River can hardly be fordable by to-morrow night.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Rousseau.)

