
FOUR-MILE CREEK, November 7, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The telegraph operator is responsible for confusion in dates of my dispatches. The true state of the case is that Johnson's DIVISION, of Lee's corps, came out to Shoal Creek and drove me away, and I came back to this point as the next where I could get either forage or water. I found Colonel Clift had abandoned his post and sent him back. My scouts are continually in sight of Shoal Creek, and there are no rebels on this side. General Hatch is near Bough's Mills and we communicate; he reports about 4,000 cavalry in his front. He will no doubt furnish you with full information of matters here.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Leave of absence came too late to enable me to vote, and not used. Eight hundred rebel cavalry six miles south of Salem yesterday gathering up guerrillas, recruits, and conscripts. Fourth Army Corps wagon train will pass through Salem to-day with infantry, artillery, and cavalry. Most of my cavalry are out west. Small body of guerrillas dashed into Christiana last [night] and captured telegraph instruments; did no other damage.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, November 7, 1864.

Captain WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Citizens in from neighborhood of Lawrenceburg report that Hood's entire army is this side the river, intrenched at Florence. Croxton has fallen back to this side Lawrenceburg, pursued by infantry. Deserter from Forrest says that Pulaski will be attacked. Train not yet through from Nashville. Bridge at Carter's Creek damaged by high water.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 7, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAM B. SIPES,

Columbia:

The major-general commanding desires to know whether the men belonging to your regiment captured in block-houses Nos. 3, 4, and 5 have been paroled by the enemy and are now with the command, as reported. If they are, he directs that Lieutenant Nixon be at once placed in arrest and the men returned to duty. Report immediately and acknowledge receipt.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

44 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

