
MEMPHIS, November 7, 1864.

(Received 2 p. m. 11th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

My advices from Corinth are to the 4th instant. But few troops there then. Cavalry brought up a lot of conscripts and absentees from Hood's army and went on toward Tuscumbia.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 7, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

My scouts and cavalry force, near Florence, report Hood's army, infantry and artillery, at Florence, and that his cavalry are on the south side of the river, they say, watching Sherman; but I know Forrest was opposite Johnsonville on the 4th and 5th instant. It is now believed that he has moved up the river and may attempt to cross somewhere about Savannah and Clifton.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 7, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I think there should be two brigades here for the present, until the place can be fortified; afterward one brigade, or even less, may be sufficient. I have ordered Moore's brigade and the balance of Gallup's to come forward. if you want my main force at Pulaski please turn General Cox that way; his advance should be in Nashville by this time.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 7, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Johnsonville:

Before receiving your dispatch of last evening I had sent forward nearly all of Colonel Moore's brigade; it should reach you this morning. If upon examining the situation you deem Colonel Gallup's brigade a sufficient re-enforcement I wish you to return at once with all your remaining troops and proceed to Pulaski. I have asked the War Department to confirm my decision as to your command at Pulaski. The last reports from Florence place the enemy still there. He has attempted no advance as yet.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 7, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have received your dispatch of 9 a. m. As I telegraphed you this morning, I think there should be two brigades here for the present, and

