
I have ordered forward Moore's and the remainder of Gallup's brigades as they arrived. I will give the necessary instruction to the commanding officer and return at once to Nashville. Your decision as to command agrees with one already made by the War Department in the case submitted by General Sherman. He received it while at Gaylesville. Reports received this morning indicate that Forrest has gone up the river to Perryville, where he talks of crossing. I have sent scouts up and down the river.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Johnsonville, Tenn., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. COOPER,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will take post at this place with Colonel Moore's and Colonel Gallup's brigades of your DIVISION and the troops which now constitute the garrison of this place. Inclosed herewith you will find a military map of Johnsonville and a memoir on its defense by Colonel William E. Merrill. I desire you to fortify the place as rapidly as possible in accordance with the plan laid down in this memoir. It will be necessary for the present to defer construction of the works on the WEST bank of the river, but they should be made as soon as the river is open below and a ferry-boat can be furnished for use in crossing troops. It is not necessary in the construction of the works on the east side of the river to observe the scientific details prescribed by Colonel Merrill. The practical knowledge which you and your subordinate officers have acquired in the art of field fortifications will lead you to the same essential results. It is important that your command, or at least the greater portion of it, remain here no longer than absolutely necessary. For this reason the place should be fortified quickly, and be made strong enough to be held by a brigade or less force. You will also please furnish the quartermaster such details of men as may be necessary to aid in saving the public property which escaped destruction in the recent conflagration, and will avail yourself of the opportunity afforded by your short stay here to supply your troops with all the clothing they may need. Keep yourself advised as far as possible of the movements of the enemy around you, and inform Major-General Thomas directly by telegraph of all that transpires; also report to me from time to time, by letter or telegraph, such facts as I ought to know. My headquarters will be at Pulaski.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 7, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH,

Paducah:

(For Major General A. J. Smith.)

The enemy having blockaded the Tennessee River, unless your force is sufficiently strong to drive him away from the western bank you had better come up the Cumberland and disembark at Fort Donelson and

