
CLEVELAND, November 7, 1864.

(Received 3. 10 p. m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Captain Kelly, steamer Pacific, from Buffalo, boarded the propeller Georgiana, about twenty miles this side of Buffalo, Saturday night; found a crew of eight men, six of them drunk, and reported that they were going to Port Sarnia, from there to Chicago, with wood, and would freight with grain to return. Saw nothing to excite suspicion and let her go.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, November 7, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

The following dispatches have just been received:

DANVILLE, ILL, November 7, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

Reliable men in this district give following information: A stranger overheard to say to notorious Copperhead, "I am one of Forrest's men. Forrest has been in disguise alternately in Chicago, Michigan City, and Canada for two months; has 14,000 men, mostly from draft, near Michigan City. On 7th of November, midnight, will seize telegraph and rail at Chicago, release prisoners there, arm them, sack the city, shoot down all Federal soldiers, and urge concert of action with Southern sympathizers. "

W. FITHIAN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 7, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER:

Colonel Sweet, commanding, has arrested several noted conspirators and is apprehensive that his camp (Douglas) will be attacked on election night; he asks for re-enforcements. I have no troops to send him. Cannot troops be sent from Cincinnati, or some other point, to his instant relief and support. Large quantities of arms and important papers have been seized.

Will General Hooker please acknowledge the receipt of this.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, November 7, 1864.

Colonel B. H. HILL:

Captain Kelly, steamer Pacific, from Buffalo, boarded the propeller Georgiana, about twenty miles this side of Buffalo, Saturday night; found a crew of eight men, six of them drunk, and reported that they were going to Port Sarnia, from thence to Chicago, with wood, and should freight with grain to return. Saw nothing to excite suspicion, and let her go. It may be advisable to direct your tug to overhaul her at Sarnia, and if suspicious to take her in tow.

JOS. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

