
SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 7, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Northern Department, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Telegraph General Cook that the wires have never been put to worse use than that of transmitting that part of his telegram of to-day relating to Forrest and his 14,000 men. It is all stuff. No attack is apprehended at Chicago; but to relieve Colonel Sweet direct General Cook to send the two entire organized companies at the camp near Springfield to report to Colonel Sweet at Camp Douglas on or before sunset on the night of the 8th. Send them under a fighting officer. Colonel Lathrop will see that this order is executed, and then return to headquarters. Colonel Sweet will have these companies returned to their camp the day after the election.

JOS. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, November 7, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER:

The following* dispatches have just been received. Major Burnett has just returned from Indianapolis, and he thinks that General Hovey might spare 500 men to send to Chicago, and there is no trouble anticipated at Indianapolis.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 7, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The reports received by General Cook represent the arrest at Chicago of several very prominent men belonging to the State, and several very prominent rebel officers in disguise, among them a brother of Marmaduke, with colonels, &amp;c. The plan appeared to be to make an attack, as they have 1,000 or 2,000 arms, and release the prisoners election night. I have no evidence here that there is any trouble at Rock Island. General Cook has not a man to send to Chicago. Is it possible to help Colonel Sweet in any way? He apprehends trouble.

S. H. LATHROP,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 7, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I very much need the assistance of Colonel Lathrop for a few days. Will you authorize him to remain? He consents to do so. The demand for troops at Chicago is imperative.

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I have telegraphed to General Cook that Colonel Lathrop might remain.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Here marked as inclosures.

+For inclosure Numbers 3, see Cook to Potter, November 7, p. 694.

---------------

