
SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 7, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago:

I apprehend to attack on you, but to make yourself perfectly safe [collect] all your force, leaving your convalescent men to guard the prisoners, arming all the officers and soldiers that you can find in and about Chicago on leave or duty, and holding them well in hand until the crisis of the election has passed. The Board of Trade and other loyal citizens will take care of Chicago, if necessary. This will leave you a handsome battalion to fight with, if required, and I only regret that your dispatch did not reach me in season to allow me to be with you. I have directed General Cook to re-enforce you with two companies from Springfield, to join you as early as sundown to-morrow night.

JOS. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHICAGO, ILL., November 7, 1864.

(Received 10. 30 a. m.)

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN:

Have made during the night the following arrests of rebel officer, escaped prisoners of war, and citizens in connection with them: Colonel G. St. Grenfell, Mortan's adjutant-general, in company with J. T. Shanks, an escaped prisoner of war, at Richmond House; J. T. Shanks, Colonel Vincent Marmaduke, brother of General Marmaduke; Brigadier General Charles Walsh, of the Sons of Liberty; Captain Cantrill, of Morgan's command; Charles Traverse (butternut). Cantrill and Traverse arrested in Walsh's house, in which were found two cart-loads large sized revolvers, loaded and capped, 200 stand of muskets, loaded, and ammunition; also seized two boxes guns concealed in a room in the city. Also arrested Buck Morris, treasurer of the Sons of Liberty, having complete proof of his assisting Shanks to escape and plotting to release prisoners at this camp. Most of these rebel officers were in the city on the same errand in August last, their plan being to raise an insurrection and release the prisoners of war at this camp. There are many strangers and suspicious persons in the city, believed to be guerrillas and rebel soldiers. Their plan was to attack the camp on election night. All prisoners arrested are in camp. Captain Nelson and A. C. Coventry, of the police, rendered very efficient service.

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Similar dispatch to General John Cook.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 7, 1864.

Colonel SWEET,

Chicago, Ill.:

Your telegram to Brigadier-General Hoffman has been received. The Department approves your energetic action. Notify General Hooker, also the commanding general of your district, and call upon them for any aid you require. Hold on to the prisoners and arms seized.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

