HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Illinois,Springfield, November 7, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET,

Commanding, Chicago:

The Governor of Illinois has directed the militia of Chicago to be held subject to your orders. Command them at once.

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 7, 1864.

Bvt. Major General A. P. HOVEY:

On the receipt of this, dispatch 500 men to Chicago, under fighting officers, and provided with sixty rounds of ammunition. Send them by extra trains if the movement can be expedited. They must e there at the earliest practicable moment. To-morrow shall be there myself. Troops to report to Colonel Sweet.

JOS. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 8, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Price is now probably driven south of the Arkansas River, and Canby* will collect all his available forces at some point on the MISSISSIPPI River, destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and either move toward Selma or operate on Beauregard's rear. I think Thomas should take the offensive as soon as troops from Missouri arrive. Abundant stores are collected at Hilton Head and Pensacola, with transportation to any other required points. I think you are now free to move as soon as you choose.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

KINGSTON, GA., November 8, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 11. 15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch of to-day received. All my preparations will be completed by the 10th. It is now raining, which is favorable, as the chances are, after it clears away, we will have a long spell of fine weather for marching. General Thomas has been instructed to assume the offensive as soon as possible, and I will send him a copy of your dispatch, that he may know of the contemplated movement on the river by General Hurlbut. I doubt if Hurlbut has the nerve to conduct such an expedition, and would suggest that you leave Canby at liberty to select any other, according to his judgment.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

(Copy to Major-General Thomas.)

---------------

*Canby, as written by Halleck, but as received by Sherman the dispatch read Hurlbut. See Sherman's reply, following.

---------------

