
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. 20TH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Atlanta, Ga., October 4, 1864.

It is known that at least one corps of infantry and Wheeler's cavalry, of the rebel army, remained in front of Atlanta. We have every reason, therefore, to anticipate an attack at an early day. The importance of competing the new line of works as soon as possible must be apparent to all. Until this line is completed the line of works constructed by the enemy must be held. The defense of this line from the Augusta railroad to the Sandtown road on the north side of the city is assigned to the First DIVISION; the line from the Santown road to the McDonough road is assigned to the Second DIVISION; the line from the McDonough road to the Augusta railroad to thr THIRD DIVISION. One or more pieces of artillery must be placed in each of the imprtant redoubts, supported by as strong a force of infantry as can be spared. A portion of the line of rifle-pits, if commanded by artillery, can be held by a good picket-line. Not more than one-THIRD of the First DIVISION will be placed on the line remaining two-THIRDs, with all troops on duty at headquarters Department of the Cumberland, being assembled at once in case of alarm at a point near department headquarters, to be used as a reserve. Two regiments of the city guards now under Colonel Gogswell, and two regiment of the command under Colonel Grane, on duty in the city, together with the Michigan Engineers and Missouri Engineers, will be assembled near the City Hall. DIVISION commanders will at once make a careful examination of the portion of the line assigned to them, and will assign to the subordinate commanders their respective position. Applications for artillery will be made to Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., October 4, 1864.

Colonel F. C. SMITH,

Commanding, Chattahoochee Bridge:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you move all of your brigade except one regiment to this side of the river, taking post there to protect the bridges. A battery will be sent you this afternoon.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Smyrna Camp-Ground, Octobewr 4, 1864.

(Received 7. 45 p. m.)

General ELLIOTT:

(Care of General Vandever.)

I have ordered General Stanley to make a feint on Pine Mountain to- morrow. I want you to co-operate by making a bold dash between the troops in position and those who are breaking the road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

