
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 8, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 12. 45 a. m. 9th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

our dispatch of 11 a. m. to-day received. General Schofield has shown me the decision of the Department on the point of rank to- day, and I am happy to find my decision was in conformity with it.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 8, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 2. 45 a. m. 9th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Johnsonville, so far as I can learn, is now safe, and General Schofield is on his way to Pulaski. Dispatches from General Hatch, up to 10 p. m. last night, say:

We hold Shoal Creek, at Bough's Factory, on the military road, from Florence to Columbia.

General Croxton is on the road from Florence to Athens. He finds enemy strong at all fords on Shoal Creek, who has not made any attempt to advance yet. As soon as General Smith's troops arrive, and General Wilson has the balance of the cavalry mounted. I will be prepared to commence a movement on the enemy.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Sherman.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 8, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Kingston, Ga.:

From the best information I can get I am inclined to believe that the whole of Beauregard's force, infantry and artillery, are at Tuscumbia and Florence, while most of cavalry force is on the south side of the Tennessee, deserters say, watching for you. Hatch and Croxton when last heard from held the enemy close behind Shoal Creek, and I keep Granger constantly demonstrating on the Decatur and Courtland road.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 8, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Please order all the cavalry belonging to Winslow's DIVISION, not actually with him in the field, together with all not in hospital, to accompany General A. J. Smith's troops to Paducah, or if he has left Saint Louis to report to him at that place. Should General Smith not be at

