
country from this place to Columbia. I suggest that you start these patrols very early in the morning each day, with two days' rations; let them go by any roads leading paroled to the railroad, and generally to the WEST of it within six or eight miles of Columbia, and return next day. They can forage on the route, and during the moonlight nights should lay by at various points during the day and travel considerably at night, as that is the time selected by the guerrillas to the mischief. The patrol will not be confined to any route but will go where they can best disturb the guerrillas. Of course much must be left to the enterprise and sagacity of the office commanding the party. Please start one of the patrols to- day. They will meet a scout of FIFTY Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry sent yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

FOUR-MILE CREEK, ALA, November 8, 1864-8 p. m.

(Via Pulaski 9th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

(Through Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding cavalry.)

The river has risen more than two feet on the Shoals, enough to make six feet below them. A scout from over the river reports the bulk of Hood's army still on that side.

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, November 8, 1864.

(Received 2 p. m. 11th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy is repairing the road from Cherokee to Tuscumbia, Ala. About the 29th ultimo 4,000 rebel soldiers came down the Blue Mountain railroad to Selma, and were sent to Hood by way of Meridian and Corinth; also ten car-loads of ammunition sent from Selma. The impression is that Beauregard intends to make Corinth his base of [operations], and supplies are being sent up constantly on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. I send out a cavalry reconnaissance to-morrow, but have not enough to threaten the Mobile and Ohio Railroad much.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TEN., November 8, 1864-9 a. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Major-General Sherman directs that [you] order all the infantry and artillery belonging to General Smith's and General Mower's DIVISIONS not in hospitals to join General Smith at once at Paducah, and if General Smith is not there they will be directed to come on to this place. I have learned definitely to-day that the greater part of Hood's army is in Florence or near there on the opposite side of the river.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

