HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 8, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General E. HATCH,

Taylor's Springs, via Pulaski:

I am glad to learn that you hold Shoal Creek at Bough's Factory, Hold the enemy on the other side of Shoal Creek as long as possible, or until I can concentrate the infantry and artillery at Pulaski, when we will assume the offensive. Keep the commanding general at Pulaski fully advised of the positions and movements of the enemy, and husband your resources as much as possible and keep your command well in hand for any emergency.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TAYLOR'S SPRINGS, ALA., November 8, 1864.

(Via Pulaski 9th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Stream-boat captains say that one inch on the Shoals is on foot below. It is scarcely possible that there is a rise of twenty-four feet. I shall attack the entire line of pickets in the morning, to learn where the enemy is. I have sent a battalion to the river below Florence to meet boat sent down the river by General Croxton, to ascertain the facts relating to the pontoon bridge.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 8, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have requested Major-General Rosecrans to send all of Winslow's cavalry not actually in the field with him with your troops to Paducah, together with all men belonging to his DIVISION not in hospital, to report to you at Paducah, and should you not be there then to report to me at this place. I have also asked that Winslow report to me here as soon as he returns from the pursuit of Price.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 8, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

It seems from Hatch's report, just received and forwarded to you, that Hood's is really advancing. His move would indicate that he intends to cross Shoal Creek. I have instructed General Hatch to get accurate information and advise me as early as possible. I have nothing further as to Forrest's movements.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

