
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 95. Knoxville, Tenn., November 8, 1864.

For the purpose of facillating the transaction of public business, and in accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding, the headquarters of this department are hereby removed from Knoxville, Tenn., and established in the city of Louisville, Ky.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, November 8, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The horses issued to negro cavalry belonged to the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, now at home on furlough until 5th instant. General Allen, chief quartermaster at Louisville, informed me that all horses received at Cincinnati and Lexington were intended for the Department of the Ohio. There are enough on hand to mount the Fifth Indiana when it returns. At General Meredith's urgent demand for immediate re-enforcements, I sent, under authority from General Sherman to use any troops that might be in this State in cases of necessity, the Ninth and Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, dismounted, to Paducah. The danger over, they were immediately returned to Louisville. I am not aware of having diverted any cavalry, ordnance stores, or horse equipments intended for the front from their destination. Whenever I have sent mounted men to Tennessee as cattle guards or otherwise the men have been returned dismounted.

S. G. BURGRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

CHICAGO, ILL., November 8, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On hearing of the excitement in Chicago, resulting from numerous arrests and seizure of arms and other contraband property, I ordered 500 men from Indianapolis. These arrived this evening. I learn that regiments have been ordered here from Missouri. Is this the case? I would suggest that the garrison at Camp Douglas be strengthened by one regiment. The troops from Indianapolis are required at that point, and should be returned. The excitement in Chicago has subsided; but I am of the opinion that additional arrests will have to be made in the morning.

JOS. HOOKER,

Major-Brigadier, Commanding.

CHICAGO, ILL., November 8, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram received. Persons and arms received will be held and rebel officers fully indetified. Colonels Hancock and Hough have reported to me with militia force. Re-enforcements on the way.

B. J. SWEETT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

