HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Illinois,Springfiled, November 8, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Telegram just received from Colonel Sweet:

On hundred "Butternuts" arrested. If the troops ordered by General Hooker report to-night or to-morrow morning we shall go through safe.

Troops are on the way, and will reach Chicago before 5 p. m. Colonel Oakes has ordered the immediate arrest of Captain Harris, late of Morgan's staff, C. S. Army, with a band of men under him, now in Jasper County. Thus far all is quiet at the polls here.

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Illinois,Springfield, Ill., November 8, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Forty-seventh Illinois from Saint Louis is now an route for Chicago. Troops will arrive in time from any emergency. Everything shall be made safe. Governor Yates, Colonel Lathorp, and myself go to Chicago to-night to meet General Hooker.

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Illinois,Springfield, Ill., November 8, 1864-5 a. m.

THOMAS L. KNAP, Esq.,

Superintendent Great Western Railroad:

SIR: Threatened insurrection at Chicago incited by rebel emissaries and officers renders in necessary to send re- enforcements there this morning.

Three car-load of armed troops will be ready to leave Camp Butler for that place, via Springfield, this morning at an early hour. It is very necessary that these troops should arrive here in time to take a special train for Chicago at 9 a. m., and it is hoped and desired that in this crisis you will furnish all the means in your power to facilitate these arrangements. The quartermaster's department has been instructed to make the necessary orders for transportation, but in view of the necessity of the case it has been thought best to thus communicate in person with you. I have just received notice from Camp Butler that 120 men will be the force to move, and they are now ready awaiting train.

By command of Brigadier General J. Cook:

B. F. SMITH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

