
may also take mules or horses to replace the jaded animals of their trains, or to serve as pack-mules for the regiments or bridges. In all foraging, of whatever kind, the parties engaged will refrain form abusive or threatening language, and may, where the officer in command thinks proper, give written certificates of the facts, but no receipts, and they will endeavor to leave with each family a reasonable portion for their maintenance.

VII. Negroes who are able-bodies and can be of service to the several columns may be taken along, but each army commander will bear in mind that the question of supplies is a very important one and that his first duty is to see to them who bear arms.

VIII. The organization at once of a good pioneer battalion for each army corps, composed if possible of negroes, should be attended to. This battalion should follow the advance guard, should repair roads, and double them if possible, so that that columns will not be delayed after reaching bad places. Also, army commanders should study the habit of giving the artillery and wagons the road, and marching their troops on one side, and also instruct their troops to assist wagons at steep hills or bad crossings of streams.

IX. Captain O. M. Poe, chief engineer, will assign to each wing of the army a pontoon train, fully equipped and organized, and the commanders thereof will see to its being properly protected at all times.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 2. Nashville, Tenn., November 9, 1864.

I. The Cavalry Corps, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, will consist of eight DIVISIONS, as follows: First DIVISION (originally First DIVISIONS, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland), Brigadier General E. M. McCook commanding. Second DIVISION (originally Second DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland), Brigadier General Eli Long commanding. THIRD DIVISION (originally THIRD DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland), Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick commanding. Fourth DIVISION (originally Second DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, District of WEST Tennessee), Brigadier General B. H. Grierson commanding. Fifth DIVISION (originally First DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, District of WEST Tennessee), Brigadier General E. Hatch commanding. Sixth DIVISION (originally the DIVISION attached to the Army of the Ohio). Seventh DIVISION (originally Fourth DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland), Colonel George Spalding commanding. Eighth DIVISION, to consist of troops to be hereafter assigned.

II. DIVISIONS will contain ten regiments organized into two brigades of five regiments each, unless otherwise ordered from these headquarters. DIVISION commanders will without delay institute necessary changes in conformity with the order, sending to these headquarters a roster of the new organization. Transfers and assignments of regiments will be made from these headquarters as soon as the proper returns are made.

* * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

