
move coincident with us. They might go out as indicated, but will lay low as so to break the wire about the 20th, and then they should hang around and keep it broken for ten days or two weeks.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 20. Smyrna Camp-Ground, Ga., November 9, 1864.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as composing the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Captain C. Cadle, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Rowland Cox, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel A. Hickenlooper, assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Joel, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. W. Mills, chief commissary of subsistence.

Major Logan Tompkins, aide-de-camp.

Captain G. R. Steele, aide-de-camp.

Surg. J. H. Boucher, U. S. Volunteers, medial director.

Captain William Kossak, chief engineer officer.

Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Kirby, Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, picket officer.

Captain J. C. Marven, Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, provost-marshal.

Captain E. T. Miller, Fifteenth Iowa Volunteers, assistant provost-marshal.

Captain William Henley, Twenty-ninth Missouri Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp.

Captain Henry S. Nourse, FIFTY-fifth Illinois Volunteers, mustering officer.

First Lieutenant William E. Ware, Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant S. J. Smith, Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, acting ordnance officer.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 277. Smyrna Camp-Ground, Ga,. November 9, 1864.

* * * *

X. The apportionment among the DIVISION of this corps of the railroad to be destroyed in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 162, from department headquarters (copy inclosed*), will be as follows:

Fourth DIVISION, from Big Shanty to Noonday Creek.

First DIVISION, from Noonday Creek to a point one-half mile south of Marietta.

The command will be prepared to move at a moment's notice to commence the work of destruction, and the work will be done in the most through manner possible.

* * * *

---------------

* See p. 715.

---------------

