
one dozen crowbars. They will be useful in fortifying the crests of these rocky hills. I think there are plenty in Nashville. I have no dispatch from Hatch since my dispatch of this morning. The rains retard our work somewhat.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 9, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

The wheelbarrows, sledge-hammers, and crowbars asked for will be sent you, if there are any in Nashville, as soon as the road is open. Inquiry will be made of General Donaldson at once.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, Tenn., November 9, 1864-7 a. m.

Colonel H. CAPRON,

Commanding Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL; By telegram from R. S. Granger, at Hunstville, I learn that a force of rebel cavalry, commanded by Russell, and numbering from 300 to 500 men, left Anderson's Cross-Roads yesterday morning, going in the direction of Fayettevill. I wish your to send scout to Faytteville to-day of about 400 men to attack Russell, if they can find him. Four hundred men can easily whip him; he may be making for the railroad above Tullahoma, or possibly may expect to cut off some of my corps train, which is on the road from Winchester to Fayetteville, and should be at the latter place to-morrow in the forenoon, or he may be only on a reciting expedition, as he is now where his regiment was raised. If his command has not changed character, they are the biggest rascals and at the same time cowards in the rebel army. Your scout should take small rations; they will find plenty of everything in the country. They may possibly find these rebels gathering supplies in preparation for a large force. In that case the officer will burn every mill he can hear of in the country. Buff it he rebels are not preparing for the advance of a large force do not destroy the mills, as we will want them ourselves. Send one of your best officers to command this scout; they should be gone three or four days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 9, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH, or

COMMANDING OFFICER OF TROOPS

AN ROUTE FOR NASHVILLE,

Paducah, Ky.:

Start for Nashville, via Cumberland River, as soon as possible after receiving this with what force you have, and leave orders for the balance to follow by the same route. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

