
operation. Among other changes incidental to the establishment of the Cavalry Corps, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, it is my intention to have but two brigades of five regiments each in a DIVISION, so that we may obtain better brigade commanders and simplify administration. I shall give you several of the unassigned regiments, enough to bring you up to an equally of strength with the other DIVISIONS. If you have any preference for regiments you may have seen please indicate it to Lieutenant Noyes. The Tennessee regiments in Spalding's DIVISION and the new Indiana regiments will be transferred and assigned to different DIVISIONS. I had intended to order the Eleventh Indiana to you at once, but after consideration I thought it better to wait until I could hear from you. Grierson's DIVISION and all your detachments are ordered here win Louisville.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

COMMONWEALTH OF Kentucky,

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Frankfort, Ky., November 9, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c., near Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have this day written to Major General W. T. Sherman, requesting, for important reasons stated, the removal of Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge from command in the District of Kentucky. The disturbed condition of communicate with General Sherman and the necessity of immediate action occasion this letter to you, hoping that you will take action under the circumstances. All my ingenuity and watch-fullness have been taxed to the utmost for some time to foil the evil effects of General Burbridge's weakness and mischievous acts in this military district. The importance of maintaining quiet in Kentucky as indispensable to the security of our noble armies down with Sherman, and securing the permanency of his position, you well understand. General Burbridge's course for some weeks has been to irritate and exasperate the minds of the loyal people of Kentucky. His outrageous and indiscriminate arrests of persons purely on account of their favoring the election of McClellan, treating as rebels all who are opposed to Mr. Lincoln's re-election-threatening and building the citizens-and meaning the civil authorities and officers of the State, laying unjust political restrictions upon the business and necessary trade of the country, seeking out inventions by which to harass, oppress, and injure those who differ with him in politics, has produced a very bad state of feeling, which required all my skill to keep from manifesting itself in open violence. He keeps it up. Yesterday he arrested many citizens for no offense except the disloyalty, as they term it, of being opposed to Mr. Lincoln's re-election. He arrested, and I am informed by letter, has sent off, to be carried south of our lines, one of our prominent men, General John B. Huston, of Lexington (formerly of Clarke County). The rumors are rife of many others to be sent to glut political vengeance. In a word, he is making more enemies to our safety than much prudence can overcome.

He has in various ways sought to provoke collision with the civil authorities, but in this I have uniformity foiled him; for no such collision shall be borough about which I can prevent by any prudence, foresight, wisdom, or by any personal sacrifices. It would be too hazardous to

