
road. I have seventy-five men on the Marietta and Powder Springs road, at the point where we left it to move to our present position, with instructions to picket well to our front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILLPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTAHOOCHEE BRIDGE, October 4, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

SIR: The head of my column is about a mile in rear of this point. We have come via Buck Head, the appearing the only practicable road outside of Atlanta. The only bad place is at Peach Three botton, where the artillery and wagons will be retarded by the mud. I find the Seventeenth Corps passing the bridge. Shall I pass at once or waint for the Army of the Tennessee to get over? The bridges will enable us to pass at same time with them, but the doubt I have is with reference to the use of the road.

Very respectufully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

SMYRNA, October 4, 1864.

General COX:

Cross by the upper pontoon, turn square to the right, and take the Pace's Ferry road; thence to Marietta. Keep moving as long as there is a particle of light. Please answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQURTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 128. Near Ruff's Station, October 4, 1864.

I. In accordance with instructions from headqurters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, this army will march to-morrow as follows:

1. Brigadier General T. E. G. Ranson, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, Will march at 7 a. m., taking a road to the left until he strikes the Truner's Ferry and Marietta road, following that road toward Marietta, and forming his command on the left of the corps of Major-General Davis.

2. Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Corps, will at 8 a. m., also take a road to the left until he strikes the Turner's Ferry and Marietta road, and will pursue that road toward Marietta, following the Seventeenth Corps and forming on its left.

3. The general supply train of each corps will follow its own corps, the DIVISION of Generla Fuller, or a brigadier thereof, comprising the rear guard.

4. On arriving at Marietta the train of the Seventeenth Army Corps will go into park near the college, and the train of the Fifteenth Corps will go into park on the left of the train of the seventeenth Corps.

