
Twentieth Army Corps, to report at Chattanooga, and those of the Fourth and Twenty-THIRD Army Corps, to report at Decatur, Ala. These men were furloughed by direction of the War Department to permit them to vote in their several States.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 10, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Kingston:

Your dispatch of 6. 30 m. p. yesterday just received. My dispatch of las night contained all the information I could get up to that time. I have a dispatch this morning from General Hatch, dated yesterday at Taylor's Springs, as follows:

I moved my entire command forward this morning to the four main crossings on Shoal Creek, found the water had risen during the night and continued to rise so speedily horses could not ford anywhere. The enemy's pickets were posted at all the fords, mostly cavalry, which was easily driven back. A prisoner from the Sixty- THIRD Virginia reports one corps and one DIVISION of infantry on this side of the Tennessee River with about 2,000 cavalry, the balance of Hood's army on the south side. I have not heard from party sent last night in boats to cut Hood's pontoons or the detachment sent around Hood's left flank to pick them up.

Granger reports the river rising; if so, I hardly think Hood will venture to throw a very force across the river, nor can he molest you much, as the streams between you have doubtless been as much affected by the rain as those in Tennessee. I have the promise of Admiral Lee of hearty co-operation on his part as soon as the river rises sufficiently to permit iron-clads to run up. I have just received another dispatch from General Hatch which confirms his dispatch reported above. This last dated at 5 a. m. to-day. He further says that his scout went across the river and found the greater part of the enemy's infantry at Tuscumbia and Iuka, none at Easport or Corinth. Your dispatch to General Grant was forwarded this morning by an officer from your headquarters.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

KINGSTON, November 10, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Your dispatch of 5 p. m. is received. All will be ready to start from here the day after to-morrow. Keep me well advised. I think you will find Hood marching off, and you should be ready to follow him. Decatur, Tuscaloosa, Columbus, and Selma are all good points to forage and feed an army. Let us keep Beauregard busy, and the people of the South will realize his inability to protect them.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

