
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 96. November 10, 1864.

The Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Ohio is hereby dissolved. The following cavalry regiments are detached from the Department and Army of the Ohio, and will from part of the Cavalry Corps of the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, viz: Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, SIXTEENTH Illinois Cavalry, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, Sixth Indiana Cavalry, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, and Ninth Ohio Cavalry.

Commanding officers will report accordingly to Brevet Major-General Wilson, chief of cavalry and commander of the Cavalry Corps, for assignment.

The commanders of all other cavalry regiments belonging to the Department of the Ohio will report by letter to Brevet Major- Generals Wilson, as chief of cavalry, and will make to his office such returns as he may require; but such regiments will remain on duty under their present commanders and will be borne on the return of the department.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

A. J. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 10, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO:

SIR: I was assigned to the command of the cavalry forces belonging to the Department of the Ohio during the fore part of April, 1864. Before the end of the month I, with a portion of the command, was ordered to Georgia, the other portion of the command remaining in Kentucky. On the way down south I left my acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain Hale, at Cleveland, Tenn., for the purpose of making out the return for the month of April, and instructed him to forward it to department headquarters without my signature, with an explanation of the reason why I did not sign it. When he rejoined me he informed me that he had complied with my instructions. From want of date I was unable to make other than a trim-monthly return on the last days of May and June. On the last of June I was a prisoners in the hands of the rebel authorities, as also on the last of August. Owing to the present scattered condition of the troops which I commanded during these months, some of the commanders being in prison, some having resigned, some discharged, and the rest not under my control, and to the fact that most of the records have been lost, mislaid, or captured, I regret to say that it will be impossible to make the returns called for.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Thompson's Station, Tenn., November 10, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Nashville:

We are unloaded at the point where the wreck of a train is, which prevents our getting on to Spring Hill, three miles below, to which place the troops here will move as soon as the wagons come. Reilly is already there. I will go down myself as soon as the road is clear.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

47 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

