
WASHINGTON, D. C., November 10, 1864. -9. 15 a. m.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

I have just received a telegram from Governor Bramlette saying "General John B. Huston, a loyal man and prominent citizen, was arrested and yesterday started off by General Burbridge to be sent beyond our lines by way of Catlettsburg for no other offense than opposition to your re-election", and I have answered him as follows below, of which please take notice and report to me:

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 10, 1864.

Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Yours of yesterday received. I can scarcely believe that General John B. Huston has been arrested for on other offense than opposition to my re-election; for if that had been deemed sufficient cause of arrest I should have heard of more than one arrest in Kentucky on election day. If, however, General Huston has been arrested for no other cause than opposition to my re-election General Burbridge will discharge him at once, I sending him a copy of this as an order to that effect.

A. LINCOLN.

LEXINGTON, November 10, 1864.

Governor Thomas E. BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

In the exercise of power delegated to me by the President of the United States I have arrested John B. Huston, and am responsible for my action to my Government. When the civil authorities make no effort to suppress disloyalty the military must and will.

S. G. BURBGRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, November 10, 1864.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Covington, Ky.:

Allow John B. Huston to return here to-day, with orders to report to Lieutenant R. Vance, provost-marshal-general.

By order of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 10, 1864.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN;

Judge Morris was arrested by Colonel Sweet, commanding Camp Douglas, he being known as treasurer of the Sons of Liberty, and assisting in the escape of the rebel Shanks and plotting for release of prisoners of war confined at Camp Douglas. No written order for his arrest especially. Colonel Sweet reports proof ample to substantiate all the charges.

JNO COOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

