
5. Corps commanders will give such orders and instructions as will prevent straggling, and will keep their commands and trains well closed up.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 136. In the Field, Ga., October 4, 1864.

The corps will march to-morrow at 7 a. m. in the following order: First, the Second DIVISION, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding; Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery; Battery A, First Illinois Artillery. Second, the First DIVISION, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, with the balance of artillery following in rear. There is sufficient reason to believe that we will meet the enemy, whose cavalry were to day on our left. Only ten wagons of ammunition for infantry will accompany the column. Ambulances will occuppy the same position as to-day, as will also the headquarters train. All other trains under proper guard and one quartermaster for each DIVISION will proceed to Marietta on the main road, following the Seventeenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FREDK. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 4, 1864.

(Received 9 p. m. 5th.)

Brigadier-General WEBSTER:

Dispatch from Cargersville says enemy in strong force struck the road near Acworth, destroying several miles of track south from there, burned Big Shanty, and reports a rumor of the capture of Marietta. The bridge over Chattahoochee River is washed away, also part of bridge at Resaca. Dalton reports that the enemy crossed the road near that place yesterday, moving southeast, with train of 150 wagons. Two regiments were sent back through Dug. Gap. General Corse's DIVISION has been ordered to Cartersville and Allatoona. Cunstruction train has gone to rebuild bridge at Resaca. I cannot lear that any trains have been captured.

J. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

CARTERSVILLE, October 4, 1864.

General John E. SMITH:

The enemy, in heavy force, has struck the railroad, and has destroyed several miles from Acworth south. One hundred and twenty- five feet of the Resaca and Chattahoochee bridges have been washed away. Wheeler has been demonstrating near Tilton and Dalton with, say, 200 men. General Sherman has ordered General Corse to re- enforce this DIVISION. I have ordered that the advance be sent to Allatoona and part of the troops to Resaca. Fears for the safety of 4,000 head of cattle being entertained I sent Colonel Heath from here and the Tenth Iowa from Kingston to Adairsville. Three droves have reached Kingston. Colonel Heath is with the other, four miles above Adairsville. Every-

