
CITY POINT, VA., November 11, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All the Northern papers of 10th, and especially the New York Times, contain the most contraband news I have seen published during the war. The Times lays out Sherman's programmed exactly and gives his strength. It is possible to keep these papers from reaching the enemy, and no doubt by to-morrow they will be making the best arrangements they can to meet this move.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 11, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have seen with indignation the newspaper articles referred to, and others of like kind, but they come from Sherman's army, and generally from his own officers, and there is reason to believe he has not been very guarded in his own talk. I saw to-day, in a paymaster's letter to another officer, his plans as stated by himself. Yesterday I was told full details given by a member of his staff to a friend in Washington. Matters not spoken of aloud in the Department are bruited by officers coming from Sherman's army in every Western printing office and street. If he cannot keep from telling his plans to paymasters, and his staff are permitted to send them broadcast over the land, the Department cannot prevent their publication.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

KINGSTON, GA., November 11, 1864-midnight.

(Received 5. 30 a. m. 12th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

My arrangements are now all complete, and the railroad cars are being sent to the rear. Last night we burned all foundries, mills, and shops of every kind in Rome, and to-morrow I leave Kingston with the rear guard for Atlanta, which I propose to dispose of in a similar manner, and to start on the 16th on the projected grand raid. All appearances still indicate that Beuregard has got back to his old hole at Corinth, and I hope he will enjoy it. My army prefers to enjoy the fresh sweet-potato fields of the Ocmulgee. I have balanced all the figures well, and and satisfied that General Thomas has in Tennessee a force sufficient for all probabilities, and I have urged him the moment Beuregard turns south to cross the Tennessee at Decatur and push straight for Selma. To-morrow our wires will be broken, and this is probably my last dispatch. I would like to have General Foster to break the Savannah and Charleston road about Pocotaligo about December 1. All other preparations are to my entire satisfaction.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

