
the last to pass south from Kingston. I wish you would have them unloaded and started back at once, as General Davis's rear DIVISION should leave Kingston by 9 o'clock to-morrow morning at farthest. General Corse is here and Rome is abandoned. The enemy's cavalry made its appearance on the south bank in some force at Rome, showing they are watching us and are aware we are moving, but I do not think that Hood yet knows we are going south. Show this dispatch to Slocum and Beckwith, and give all notice that I move from here to-morrow about 9 a. m. with the rear guard and all must be ready to move from Atlanta in four days.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 122. In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 11, 1864.

I. Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, will organize into battalions all officers, recruits, and furloughed men now in the Department of the Cumberland, or who may arrive there, belonging to the Fourteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Corps, keeping them as far as possible distinct by corps and in reserve until further orders.

II. Brigadier General N. J. Jackson, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty, is hereby assigned to the Department of the Cumberland, and will report by telegraph to Major-General Thomas, commanding, and in person to Major-General Slocum, commanding Twentieth Corps, for immediate assignment to duty.

III. Brigadier General Thomas F. Meager, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the Department of the Cumberland, and will report to Major General George H. Thomas for orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 11, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD,

Smyrna, Ga.:

Dispatches from General Thomas 5 p. m. yesterday, corroborated by dispatches from Croxton yesterday 1 a. m., place Hood's army, one corps at Florence and the balance from Tuscumbia to Iuka. I have no doubt Jackson's cavalry is watching us on this side and Iverson's on the east side of the Chattachoochee. You will do well to watch them, but I have no fear of Hood's infantry troubling you. Kentucky gives McClellan 11 voles, which is all the gets.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SMYRNA CAMP, November 11, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

No enemy is found at Dallas, but many citizens until in saying that Hood's army is in vicinity of Villa Rica, his own headquarters at that

