
say the railroad is not completed to Tuscumbia, but only to Cherokee, fifteen miles from there. They have a train of wagons from Cherokee, and one pontoon bridge at the foot of the island, about the old railroad bridge. They say the enemy are fortifying. Talk in their camps is that they are going to advance on Nashville.

GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

Stanley, from Pulaski, reports nothing new to-day. Water still very high. It is hoped the rise would carry off the enemy's bridge, as it is treated at both ends, with pontoons in the middle. Deserters say the Georgia troops are disgusted, and are deserting. Received dispatch from General Washburn to-day, dated Memphis, 8th. He says that advice from CorNinth on the 4th show that but few troops were there then; that cavalry had brought up a lot of conscripts and absentees for Hood's army, and went toward Tuscumbia. Also reports the enemy repairing the road from Cherokee to Tuscumbia. About the 29th ultimo, 4,000 rebel soldiers came down Blue Mountain railroad to Selma, and were sent to Hood, by the way of Meridian and Corinth; also ten car-loads of ammunition from Selma. The impression is Beauregard intends to make Corinth his base, and supplies are being sent up constantly on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. He was to send out cavalry reconnaissance 9th, but says his force is not strong enough to threaten Mobile and Ohio Railroad much. Have not heard from A. J. Smith's troops since last report, but am daily expecting him here. No reports from Hatch or Corxton to-day. Admiral Lee informs me he is pushing to put one ironclad on the Tennessee, one on the Cumberland, with a THIRD convenient to be placed on either, according to the necessity of the case.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Sherman.)

KINGSTON, November 11, 1864-12 midnight.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Dispatch of to-night received. All right. I can hardly believe that Beauregard would attempt to work against Nashville from Corinth as a base at this stage of the war, but all information seems to point that way. If he does you will whip him out of his boots, but I rather think you will find commotion in his camp in a day or two. Last night we burned Rome, and in two or more days will burn Atlanta, and he must discover that I am not retreating, but on the contrary fighting for the very heart of Georgia. About a DIVISION of cavalry made its appearance this morning south of the Coosa, opposite Rome, and fired on the rear guard as it withdrew. Also, two days ago some of Iverson's cavalry, about 800, approached Atlanta from the direction of Decatur with a section of guns, and swept around toward While Hall, and disappeared in the direction of Rough and Ready. These also seen to indicate that Beauregard expects me to retreat. I hear of about 1,500 infantry down at Carrollton, and also some infantry at Jonesborough, but what number I cannot estimate. Those are all the enemy I know to be in this neighborhood, though a rumor is that Breckinridge has arrived with some from Western Virginia. To-morrow I being the movement laid down in my Special Field Orders, Numbers 115, and shall keep things moving thereafter. By to-morrow morning all trains will be at or north of Kingston, and you can have the exclusive use of all the rolling-stock. By using detachments of recruits and dismounted cavalry

