
in your fortifications you will have Generals Schofield and Stanley and General A. J. Smith, strengthened by eight or ten new regiments and all of Wilson's cavalry. You could safety invite Beauregard across the Tennessee River and prevent his ever returning. I still believe, however, that public clamor will force him to turn and follow me, in which event you should cross at Decatur and move directly toward Selma as far as you can transport supplies. The probabilities are that the wires will be broken to-morrow and that all communication will cease between us, but I have directed the main wire to be left, and will use if if possible, and wish you t do the same. You may act, however, on the certainly that I sally from Atlanta on the 16th instant with about 60,000, well provisioned, but expecting to live chiefly on the country.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 11, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The pontoon train ordered by you left here at 10 o'clock this morning. It was ready to start at 1 a. m. The post commander at Columbia should be notified to have details ready to assist in laying the bridge. The work on the canvas train will be pushed.

W. E. MERRILL,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 11, 1864.

Mr. G. F. TINDALL,

General Superintendent Military Railroads, Chattanooga:

Will you please furnish the necessary transportation for Brigadier- General Garrard's command to this place at the earliest possible moment. He has been waiting some days in Chattanooga, and he should reach Nashville without further delay. Answer and let me know what you can do.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 11, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Pulaski:

Have Corpon make a scout out in the direction of Clifton and ascertain the forth of rumors which are constantly coming to these headquarters road, between Lawrenceburg and Columbia.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 11, 1864-6. 30 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Colonel Capron's scout, 300 strong, will start to Waynesborough to- night; from that point he will scout out toward Clifton. General Hatch scouts up to Waynesborough and, I think, would know of any

