
movement in that direction. No later news from General Hatch than his dispatch of 5 a. m. yesterday. Is there any proper authority for the post provost-marshal at this and other posts to collect $10 pre bale on cotton brought in by citizens for secret-service fund? It looks wrong to me.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, November 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing new to-day. Water very high. I think the rise in the Tennessee will carry off the rebel bridge, as it is trestled at both ends, with pontoons in the middle. Deserters say Georgia troops are disgusted and are deserting. Telegraph operator McReynolds, captured a few days ago, escaped from the rebels and has come in.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 149. Nashville, Tenn., November 11, 1864.

* * * *

III. Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 118, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, Kingston, Ga., November 8, 1864, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps. General Ruger will repair to Johnsonville, Tenn., and relieve Brigadier-General Cooper of the command of his DIVISION. General Cooper will resume command of his brigade.

IV. Major General George Stoneman having been assigned to duty as second in command of the Department of the Ohio, Special Field Orders, Numbers 84, from these headquarters, dated August 16, 1864, authorizing and directing Brevet Major-General Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky, to perform the duties of department commander, is hereby revoked.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

THOMPSON'S STATION, November 11, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

A telegraph office is temporarily opened here. Have we any cavalry to do any scouting southwest of us while here? The wagons are crossing the Harpeth at Franklin. I find that two batteries without horses came with me, though I have seen no order for them to report. Major Wells has telegraphed Colonel Schofield in regard to them.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

