
THOMPSON'S STATION, November 11, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding:

I am at this point with my DIVISION. If you learn anything of Hood's movements which I should know, please telegraph me here. If any exigency occurs in which you need my assistance, on learning of it from you, I will march to you at once. Such are my orders from General Schofield. Please inform me of the latest news of the enemy's position.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding THIRD Div., 23rd Army Corps.

PULASKI, November 11, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Thompson's:

Much obliged; will let you know if anything turns up. The rebels are still in Florence, one corps and Roddey's cavalry. Two corps at Tuscumbia and Iuka. I think the high water is bad on the rebel pontoon bridges. Will be glad to see you here.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, November 11, 1864-11. 10 a. m.

(Received 11. 50 a. m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

Governor Bramlette is wrong is saying that John B. Huston was arrested for no other offense than opposition to your re-election. Huston's influence and speeches have been of a treasonable character, and he persisted in making the latter after several warnings of what the consequences would be. He has been allowed, however, to return from Covington under oath and bond not again to oppose his Government. A vigorous policy against rebel sympathizers in his State must be pursued, and if I have erred I fear I have made too few arrests instead of too many.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., November 12, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The publication referred to in my dispatch seemed to originate in an Indianapolis paper on the authority of army officers direct from Chattanooga. I will send a staff officer WEST in the morning to ascertain who those officers are, and order them here. I think I will send them to the Dry Tortugas for duty without commands for a while, as a warning to the others that they are not to report military movements in advance of their being made.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

