
quarters relative to the destruction of the railroad. They will assign energetic officers to the charge of the several working parties and push the work as rapidly as possible, aiming to finish the portion assigned them to-night, being careful, however, to make it thorough, reporting its completion to these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

III. The two DIVISIONS present of the Fifteenth Army Corps, Major- General Osterhaus commanding, will march to-morrow at 7 a. m. to the vicinity of White Hall, one crossing the Cahttahoochee bridge near railroad and the other by Turner's Ferry. The brigade now at that ferry will remain till the arrival of General Corse's DIVISION, when it will rejoin its own DIVISION at White Hall.

The Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, will follow the Fifteenth Corps, one DIVISION one DIVISION via bridge near railroad and the other two via Turner's Ferry.

The THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Corps, Brigadier General John E. Smith commanding, will cross the river near the railroad.

The Fourth DIVISION, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, at Turner's Ferry.

The Army of the Tennessee will be concentrated near While Hall, facing toward East Point, the Fifteenth Corps on the right. Headquarters will to-morrow at 8 a. m., taking the direct route, and be to-morrow night near White Hall.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAMUEL L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARBONALE, ILL., November 12, 1864.

(Received 9 p. m.)

The PRESIDENT:

I am suffering very much with inflammation in the throat. Am not able to do duty at present; will start to my command as soon as able. Can I be permitted to remain a few days for rest and improvement of health before starting?

JNO A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 12, 1864.

Major General John A. LOGAN,

Carbondale, Ill.:

Yours of do-day just received. Some days ago I forwarded to the care of Mr. Washburne a leave for you to visit Washington, subject only to be countermanded by General Sherman. This qualification I thought was a necessary prudence for all concerned. Subject to it you may remain at home thirty days or come here, at your own option. If, in view of maintaining your good relations with General Sherman, and of probable movements of his army, you can safely come here, I shall be very glad to see you.

A. LINCOLN.

