SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Smyrna Camp- Ground, Ga., Numbers 169. November 12, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. In accordance with paragraph III, Special Field Orders, Numbers 165, current series, from department headquarters, the command will leave its present camp for White Hall, near Atlanta, to-morrow, the 13th, in the following order:

1. Brigadier-General Hazen, commanding Second DIVISION, will move promptly at 7 a. m. to Turner's Ferry, crossing the river on the pontoon bridge at that place.

2. Brigadier General C. R. Woods, commanding First DIVISION will follow at 7. 30 a. m., marching, however, on the direct Marietta and Atlanta road, crossing the river at the bridge near the railroad.

3. Major C. J. Stolbrand, commanding Artillery Brigade, will cause the Michigan batter to report to Brigadier-General Hazen for assignment to position in his column during the march, and Battery H, First Illinois Light Artillery, to report to Brigadier-General Woods, for the same purpose.

4. Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will move his command to and cross the Chattahoochee River at the bridge near the railroad.

5. Brigadier General John M. Corse, commanding Fourth DIVISION, will move to and cross the river at Turner's Ferry, from which point both DIVISIONS will join the corps near White Hall.

6. Corps and artillery headquarters trains will move with Brigadier-General Woods' column, and will fall in front of the First DIVISION headquarters wagons.

The brigade of the Second DIVISION now at Turner's Ferry will remain at that station until the arrival of the Fourth DIVISION, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, when it will rejoin its own DIVISION at White Hall.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FREDK. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Allatoona, Ga., Numbers 2. November 12, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow, the 13th instant, at 7 a. m., in the following order:

The cavalry in advance, next one regiment of the First Brigade, then the pioneer corps; the battery will follow it; all wagons will close on the battery -first, the First Brigade train; second, the THIRD Brigade train; THIRD, the Second Brigade train; fourth, the ordnance train; fifth, the supply train; sixth, the ambulance corps.

The brigade will march its other regiments on both sides of the trains, so as to march one-half on one side, the other half on the other side. The THIRD Brigade will follow the First Brigade, dividing the command so as to march on both sides of the trains, the Second Brigade following in the same manner, with the exception of one regiment,

