
One ambulance will follow each regiment and the balance each brigade, apportioned as heretofore. Regimental and brigade wagons will follow their respective regiments and brigades.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Marietta, Ga., November 12, 1864.

I. The troops of this command will move to-morrow morning promptly at 9 o'clock toward Atlanta via the railroad bridge. The First Brigade will have the advance.

II. The command will draw three days' rations of hard bread before starting and have it distributed to the men, and all must be ready at the hour designated. Sugar and coffee will be procured at Atlanta.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

CHAS. H. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 18. Cartersville, GA., November 12, 1864.

Orders for to-morrow, November 13, 1864:

General Baird will march at daylight to the bridge across the Allatoona creek, from which point he will thoroughly destroy the railroad to a point one mile beyond Acworth, after which he will march to Big Shanty.

General Morgan will march at 6. 30 a. m., passing his infantry over the Etowah bridge, if possible, without stopping the general supply trains of the corps, which are ordered to move at daylight. He will destroy the railroad from the Etowah bridge (commencing the destruction as soon as his troops have reached the road) to the bridge over the Allatoona Creek. His pickets will remain in their present position until the troops of General Carlin have moved from the town, after which they will form a rear guard to the corps, collecting all stragglers, and bring them over the river. They will then, under the direction of General Morgan, destroy the bridges over the Etowah. Having completed the destruction of the railroad General Morgan will march to Big Shanty.

General Carlin, moving at 9 a. m., will push his march rapidly to one mile beyond Acworth, and from that point will destroy the railroad to Big Shanty. Should lye on his march overtake the general supply train of the corps, he will, if possible, push his infantry by them without stopping their march, leaving his artillery, which will be rendered safe by the troops in his rear.

Each DIVISION will be accompanied by its own trains, but these trains must not be allowed to encumber the roads while the troops are destroying the railroad, but will move on beyond the Allatoona Pass, and, if necessary, be temporarily parked there, when they will be covered by General Gaird's troops.

