
The arms of the men will be stacked near them while they are engaged in the work of destruction, and a sufficient number of men must be kept under arms and so posted as to insure the safety of the remainder. By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. S. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 12, 1864.

General KILPATRICK, Marietta:

Be all ready to start to-morrow. I will be at Marietta to give instructions.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SMYRNA CAMP-GROUND, GA., November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK, Commanding Cavalry at Marietta:

You will please move your command as soon as possible across the Chattahoochee, at Turner's Ferry, and encamp on the other side, leaving the direct road from the ferry to Atlanta clear of troops and wagons as early as 9 a. m. to-morrow. You will please detain you rear guard, at least two good regiments strong, in the vicinity of Turner's Ferry, on this side of the river, and picket well out toward Sweet Water and Powder Springs. The above disposition will be maintained until further orders from General Sherman or myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 12, 1864 -8. 30 p. m.

(Received 12. 30 a. m. 13th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Dispatch from General Hatch, dated 4. 30 p. m. yesterday. He reports that he attacked the enemy that morning at five different points, and drove their cavalry and infantry pickets into their camps, and ascertained that they were still there in force. Shoal Creek continues high, and he crossed his men with difficulty. Could not learn whether the high water had carried away the enemy's pontoon bridge or not. Have not heard from General A. J. Smith, at Paducah. General Sherman started from Kingston to-day. I have heard from him at Cartersville. All well so far. I think we will get so much the start of Beauregard that he will not be able to interfere with his march in the least. He will leave Atlanta on the 16th.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

KINGSTON, November 12, 1864 -8 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The trains are well up and I will start this morning. Telegraph me at Allatoona to-night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

