
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 12, 1864 -8. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Kingston, Ga., or Atlanta, Ga.:

Your dispatch or 12 last night received. I have no fear that Beauregard can do us any hard now, and if he attempts to follow you I will follow him as far as possible. If he does not follow you I will then thoroughly organize my troops, and I believe I shall have men enough to ruin him unless he gets out of the way very rapidly. The country through Middle Alabama I learn is teeming with supplies this year, which will be greatly to our advantage. I have no additional news to report from the direction of Florence. I amnow convinced that the greater part of Beauregard's army in near Florence and Tuscumbia, and that you will at least have a clear road before you for several days and that your success will fully equal your expectations.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 12, 1864 -10 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Allatoona, Ga.:

The following telegram just received from General Hatch and forwarded for your information:

TAYLOR'S SPRINGS, November 11, 1864 -4. 30 p. m.

Wishing to ascertain if the enemy were in force on opposite bank of Shoal Creek I attacked the enemy this morning at five points on three roads, driving the enemy's cavalry and infantry pickets into their infantry camps. Learned the enemy is still in force on this side of the river on the Waynesborough and Florence road, pushing the enemy as far south as Wilson's Cross-Roads. Shoal Creek remains high; we crossed our men with great difficulty. I cannot learn that the enemy's pontoons have been carried away by high water. Think it probable. *

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Will telegraph any further news I may have to-night.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 12, 1864 -9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Allatoona, Ga.:

I have received no further news from Florence that that telegraphed you this morning. Duke and Vaughn are again moving against Gillem at Bull's Gap and he has called on General Ammen for re- enforcement. The Cincinnati papers contain your programme of operations in Georgia, extracted from the New York Times if the 10th, which was sent that paper by its special correspondent in Washington.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

---------------

* Copy also sent by Hatch to General Stanley.

---------------

