
NASHVILLE, November 12, 1864 -9. 30 a. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

There is no authority for any one to levy the tax on cotton you mention. It is well to continue scouting toward Clifton, and endeavor to gain the earliest information of the movements of the enemy in that direction.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

When will the cars be running here? We will be out of rations three days hence. The pontoon bridge is swept away at Columbia. Under present circumstances it ought to be repaired. My train arrived to- day. Your dispatch has gone to General Hatch. No later news from the enemy.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 12, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend and request that steps may be taken to secure the reorganization of the THIRD Regiment of Indiana Cavalry. There are two companies of veterans originally belonging to that regiment now serving with the THIRD Cavalry DIVISION under General Sheridan, and six companies now with General Kilpatrick in Georgia. Of the latter I am unofficially informed enough men have re-enlisted to make two good companies. I would respectfully request that the two companies in the Shenandoah Valley and those with Kilpatrick be ordered to Indiana and authority be given to Major Samuel McIrvin, Major Patton, and Captain Lee to organize the regiment and bring it into the field. Major McIrvin has served three years with great distinction, having entered the service with a company from Indiana, in the Second New York, and was mustered out as major of that regiment. Major Patton served three years with the THIRD Indiana Cavalry; is a brave and zealous soldier. Captain Lee now commands the veteran squadron of that regiment and is a young officer of great promise. This request is made with the view of retaining in the army one of the best regiments of cavalry that has taken part in the war, and with the belief that its fame will render its reorganization an easy matter for the Governor of Indiana and the War Department. If conscripts or volunteers from Indiana are to be given to cavalry regiments in the field a sufficient number might be assigned to the THIRD Indiana to allow it to retain its regimental organization complete without the necessity of sending it home.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

