HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Taylor's Springs, November 12, 1864 -9 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

No change in our front with the exception that the enemy have drawn their pickets in somewhat. A deserter reports the enemy are coming out in the morning to attack us and learn what our force is This he heard an officer say. If they come out to-morrow I shall not look upon the movement as an advance of Hood's army. It would not surprise me if a movement of this ind was to cover a crossing to the south bank of the Tennessee. If Hood was to advance, his camping-ground ought to have been Shoal Creek, for forage and other facilities the stream affords.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Stanley, Pulaski.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 310. Chattanooga, Tenn., November 12, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. The garrisons of Lookout Mountain, Chattanooga, Whiteside's, and Bridgeport are hereby organized into a DIVISION, to be known as the First Separate DIVISION, of the Army of the Cumberland, and will constitute the First, Second, THIRD, and Fourth Brigades, respectively, of that DIVISION. Major General J. B. Steedman is assigned to the command of the DIVISION; Brigadier General John H. King, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the First Brigade above named. All other troops belonging to the Army of the Cumberland under General Steedman's command, including the convalescents ordered by Major-General Sherman to be concentrated at Chattanooga, and now under command of Brigadier General Charles Cruft, will be reported by their respective commanders to Major-General Steedman, who will take them up on his returns as temporarily attached. All orders heretofore published at variance with the provisions of this order are hereby annulled.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHWARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, November 12, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have information, which I deem reliable, that Rucker's brigade, of Forrest's command, was at Ashland, on Buffalo Creek, on the night of the 10th and moved from there to Florence. Forrest's entire command was crossing at Eastport and Hamburg, to form a junction near Hood, when the latter would advance on Pulaski or Columbia.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

