
efforts to suppress the rebellion. This has been done not only without any interference on the part of the State authorities, but, on the contrary, with their apparent sanction and approval. I make no insinuations of dereliction of duty on the part of the civil authorities of the State, but say openly that if the military authorities had received during the past year that hearty and cordial support in their efforts to maintain the Government and preserve the peace in the State which, when I assumed command, I was assured would be afforded by the civil authorities, Kentucky to-day would not be cursed with the presence of guerrilla bands and her loyal citizens outraged by frequent robberies and murders.

Respectfully,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General S. S. FRY:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you investigate as thoroughly as possible the cases of illegal voting in this district at the recent Presidential election, and make a full report in writing of the result of your labors. You are authorized to summon such witnesses as you may desire to interrogate, and when you may deem it necessary to compel them to give their testimony under oath you will call upon provost-marshals and their deputies in the various districts and counties for such assistance as you may wish. In your report you will give as far as possible the names of parties who were guilty of casting illegal votes, with the names of witnesses against them. Care will be exercised that no personalities are mixed up in this matter, and no person reported simply upon some other person's accusation, unsupported by other evidence. In the course of your investigations you will visit such places in the district as you may find it necessary to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES, DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 12, 1864 -8 p. m.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

While at Fort Wayne I gave Colonel Cram instructions to forward at once a requisition for light guns and carriages for that work, and request the necessary orders be given to insure their prompt delivery. The beds are all ready to receive them. I deem it of great importance to have a battery in position to command the passage of the Detroit River without delay. The field batter now at Fort Wayne can be of but little use in commanding the channel of the river.

JOS. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

