
DIVISION, working midway between Atlanta and the Chattahoochee bridge. He directs that the destruction be made as complete as possible, by burning the ties and bending and twisting the rails.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 13, 1864 -10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have nothing new to report to-night in the situation of affairs at the front. The enemy up to this morning have made no effort to advance beyond Shoal Creek. General Wilson reports to me to-night that the cavalry arms and equipments required for some weeks since have not yet reached Louisville. Their non-arrival will delay us in preparing for the field.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to Major-General Halleck.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 13, 1864 -6. 30 p. m.

(Received 11. 40 p. m.)

Major Thomas T. ECKERT:

Ceased to communicate with Sherman yesterday, and have no telegraph now beyond Dalton. Other wires all working. No material change in military position since last report. Rivers still swelling, but rain stopped. Schofield went to Pulaski to-day to take command of the troops in front of Hood. No obstruction now to navigation of the Tennessee, and gun-boats will soon assist again. Would it not be well to give arbitrary words for Columbia, Pulaski, and other places in that vicinity, and for Generals Stanely, Rousseau, and Wilson, chief of cavalry here?

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 13, 1864 -8. 30 a. m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. Leave as large a force as you can at Dalton and in the block-houses between that place and Chattanooga, with orders not to withdraw unless threatened by a force of the enemy very greatly superior to them in numbers. It is of the greatest importance that we hold the country as far as Dalton if possible. I believe you will be able to do so as soon as General Cruft's command can be organized of convalescents. The troops in Cleveland and Charleston are not relieved form your command yet. When some of my troops can be spared to garrison these two places the troops now there will be relieved.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

