
CHATTANOOGA, November 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

I will hold the railroad to Calhoun till 8 a. m. to-morrow to get all the public property from that point, including two locomotives off the track; will then fall back to Resaca, and to-morrow evening to Dalton. Have sent 750 back to Dalton and below to hold the road. Will have 1,150 men at Dalton when road is abandoned south of that point.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Wauhatchie, November 13, 1864.

Major MOE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. District of the Etowah, Chattanooga:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my scouting party of thirty men under Lieutenant Weand, referred to in my communication of to-day, has returned to camp this evening. Lieutenant Weand reports that he proceeded to Valley Head and returned by Sand Mountain and by Lookout Valley. He learned from a woman who came over from McLemore's Cove that there had been no rebels there lately, and none had been on Lookout Mountain. There were none in Will's Valley nearer than Gadsden, where Captain Wetherspoon was reported to be with seventy-five men. Another company of home guards, sixty men, under Captain Davenport, had been recently disbanded, but was to meet again on the 20th instant. A THIRD company, under Captain Freeman, had been operating with the first mentioned two; but his whereabouts could not now be learned, but was supposed to be near Gadsden. These bands had not apparently sent any scouting parties toward Trenton, the few men who came in that direction from time to time being natives of the valley on visits to their families. It was seldom, according to the people, most of whom were loyal about Valley Head, that more than three or four together could be seen about there. Indeed the valley (Lookout) is so well stripped of provisions and forage that a force of any size could not be supported, except on a rapid march through it, and on Sand Mountain there is nothing whatever for man or horse. Nothing could be heard of any enemy in country between Guntersville and Gadsden, and the impression among the people was that all of Beauregard's force had gone on toward Florence.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

DECATUR, ALA., November 13, 1864 -8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Rivers all up. The Tennessee higher than it has been before this year; has fallen a little to-day. Major Swallow, from Elk River, reports that stream much swollen. All quiet this side of Elk River. Gun-boat Burnside just arrived. Reports all quiet above.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Rousseau.)

