
afternoon in the direction of Columbia. Morris' brigade was in Waynesborough yesterday. Information from citizens that Forrest was crossing his main force above Clifton. All this information is from citizens, but is deemed reliable by Major Tompkins. I will hear more to-day.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, November 13, 1864 -6. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Dispatch from Major Tompkins, at Lawrenceburg, says he went within eight miles of Waynesborough, struck the rebel scouts, but learning that a rebel brigade of cavalry was in that place he fell back to Lawrenceburg. There is no forage between the latter place and Waynesborough. Citizens report rebels hauling corn from WEST of Wsynesborough to Florence. Rebels also hunting tanneries and leather. I will send a strong force to Waynesborough. Can you send me any intelligence, not contraband, of General Sherman?

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, November 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

General Schofield arrived this evening. The trains that started from Nashville this morning arrived 6. 30 p. m. all right.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 13,1 864 -8. 20 p. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Pulaski:

Yours of 6. 30 received. General Sherman left Kingston yesterday morning; camped at Allatoona last night; will probably reach Atlanta to-morrow, whence he starts on his trip south. He has already burnt Rome, and says he is going to burn Atlanta and other towns south. No more.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Taylor's Springs, November 13, 1864 -4 p. m.

(Via Pulaski 14th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy moved up with infantry to Bough's Mills this morning, and after slight skirmishing feel back to the bluffs and then went into camp. Our line remains the same on Shoal Creek. The enemy's pickets and our own stand in sight of each to ear the entire length of the line. Their movement this evening indicates an advance. I have ordered

