
the defenses and plans of the forts forwarded, with the copy of my report to Major-General Wright, to the Bureau February 9, 1863, compared with the more complete map forwarded September 27, 1864, and the plans of the forts herewith submitted, commencing with the forts, near extreme left of line, on the east side of Licking River:

Fort Whittlesey. -Parapet widened, old fence rail revetment renewed, and a good board one made. Terre-plein excavated and graded. Stockade to protest passage-way from east to WEST fort put up and loop-holed. Whole for finished, except finished, except ditch, which requires widening and deepening; exterior slope of parapet, which requires trimming, and the glaces yet to be graded.

Fort Burnside. -This is an entirely new work, and is deemed essential on account of the extensive range of fire which it affords toward the front from Fort Whittlesey on the left entirely around to Battery Shaler on the right, and the necessity which existed of driving the enemy from the ravines, which presented to him covered approaches to the line of batteries in rear. The fort is a redoubt, hexagonal in plan, and measures along the interior crest 684 feet. Its interior slope is revetted with two-inch plank. It has ten embrasures and six barrette platforms, one at each of the angles. It is supplied with a good magazine provided with double walls and roof, and capable of holding 200 rounds ammunition, and also acts as a traverse. About two-THIRDs of the whole fort is sodded.

On the WEST side of the Licking River:

Fort Wright. -This also is an entirely new redoubt, and essential on account of the fire which it has on the plateaus in front of the batteries from Kyle to Larz Anderson, which the enemy could reach by taking advantage of the covered ravines leading to them from the front. It also, with Fort Mitchel, effectually sweeps the Lexington pike, one of the main avenues of approach. This fort is heaxagonal in plan, its breast height revetted with boards; measures along the interior crest 619 feet; has thirteen embrasures and raised platforms for two barrette guns. It has a good magazine, provided with double walls and rood, and capable of holding 200 rounds of ammunition. The whole work has been generally sodded.

Fort Mitchel. -This for, originally built by Colonel Charles Whittlesey, U. S. Volunteers, under the direction of Brigadier General O. M. Mitchel, in the fall of 1861, consisted of four bastioned fronts, constructed on a square of about 208 feet, exterior side, and was of such small relief, shallow ditches, insufficiently wide parapets, contracted terre-plein, and faulty adaptation to the sight, as to make it necessary to removed the whole work. The changes consisted in extending and widening the parapets, so as to cover the site more appropriately, afford plunging fires down all the slopes, and at the same time it was an object to preserve as much of the old for as possible. The od parapets, which were retained, were widened, and the ditches made wider and deeper. The east and WEST curtains of the old work were retained as traverses. The total development of the interior crest of the new work equals 1,617 feet, and throughout its whole extent the breast height has been revetted with plank. Thirteen raised platforms from guns in barrette have been laid, and another good magazine built in the westerly portion of the work. This magazine, with the orders I have mentioned as having been constructed at Forts Burnside and Wright (see appendix A), is doubly-sided with lumber and has also a double roof, well covered with pitch to keep it from leaking, the drippings from the eaves falling between the exterior side planking and interior side board walls, and

