
escaping through the drain. This fort has a very commanding position and well guards all the approaches from the southwest and north, and affords a flanking fire along the front of the line of batteries to the right, and also down the main ravine lying to the WEST of Fort Wright.

The modification and enlargement of this work was chiefly made under the direction of Captain M. D. McAlester, captain engineers.

Batteries repaired and improved.

The batteries constructed previous to February 9, 1863, the date of my letter submitting my last general report, have been all sodded and their magazines made water-tight by covering them with a double roof, well covered with a roofing composition of pitch and rosin. The map will show the number and positions of these batteries.

New batteries constructed.

The only new batteries which have been made, and commencing at the extreme left of the line, are as follows:

Battery Lee. -This is intended for four field guns, and its purpose is to prevent the approach of the enemy along the shore of the Ohio River, which it effectually enfilades.

Batteries Nos. 1 and 2, Groesbeck. -These are two outworks of Fort Burnside; the most southerly, Numbers 1, to sweep the ravine coming up from the south and west; the other, Numbers 2, to enfilade the pike in front of Fort Whittlesey.

Battery Buford, on the WEST side of the Licking, is an eqaulement of three sides, closed at the gorge by a stockade, and is arranged for one 100-pounder rifle gun. Its position is such that it has a sweep of about 180 degrees of fire, extending from Battery Holt, on the left, around to near Fort Wright, on the right, and can reach commanding eminences to the front ranging from near three to four miles. The whole work done has been almost entirely performed by hired mechanics and laborers; the troops at the different forts and batteries in some instances, under the direction of Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Volunteers, repairing the interior slopes and sodding the parapets, and in the case of Battery Buford, constructing the whole work. The maps and plans of these defenses, furnished herewith, and those previously furnished, are given in Appendix A. The present armament will be seen by referring to Appendix B.

FORT ROBINSON, PARIS.

This is a star fort of 370 feet development of crest; has four batteries in barrette, one at each angle, and is so located on the north side of Houston Creek, between the road from Cynthiana and the Kentucky Central Railroad, about three-quarters of a mile north from court-house at Paris, as to command the long Kentucky Central Railroad bridge over the Houston, the Maysville pike bridge over the Stone, and the Kentucky Central Railroad bridge over Stone Creek (see map of defenses of Kentucky Cental Railroad forwarded to Bureau September 18, 1863). It also has a good command over the city. It is furnished with a good magazine, constructed under the southeast barrette, capable of containing 200 rounds of ammunition. this work was entirely made by the troops in the summer of 1863, I furnishing the necessary engineering and mechanical assistance. For plan of fort see Appendix A, and for armament see Appendix B.

