
artillery, is still on the WEST Point railroad, and should the enemy drive him back he will retire in the direction of WEST Point and aid in the defense of that place should it become necessary. You should therefore put yourself in communication with General Iverson, that you may be advised of any movement of th enemy as early as possible.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Georgia RESERVES AND MILITARY DISTRICT OF Georgia, Numbers 22. Macon, October 1, 1864.

In pursuance of orders from the War Department I require all quartermasters, commissaries of subsistence, ordnance, and other officers who have detailed men in their employ to furnish immediately to the commandant of conscripts, at Augusta, Ga., a list of all such detailed men, setting forth their names, age, residence, county, when detailed, by whom detailed, and whether found fit for field service or lift duty by medical examining board.

And it is further ordered that, after the 20th of October instant, enrolling officers will not regard as valid any certificates of detail issued to the above-mentioned employes bearing date prior to the date of this order, but will send them to camp of instruction for assignment to duty in the army.

By command of Major General Howell Cobb:

LAMAR COBB,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, October 1, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf:

GENERAL: It being evident that no attack is contemplated on Mobile at the present time, the lieutenant-general commanding advises that such of the old militia and reserves as can be spared from time to time be allowed to go home. They are a class of people possessed in a greater or less degree of planting interests to which they are naturally anxious to give their attention. In order, therefore, that the country may the more readily regain their services at a moment when really required, the lieutenant-general commanding suggests that the consideration mentioned above extended to them when it can be done without injury to the service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYTHEVILLE, VA., October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS:

Took position at pass on road to Tazewell Court-House, eight miles from Wytheville. Have no cavalry.

JNO J. WADE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

