
AUGUSTA, GA., October 2, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Augusta, Ga.:

GENERAL: I desire that with as little delay as practicable you will assume command of the military departments now commanded, respectively, by General Hood and Lieutenant-General Taylor. You will establish the headquarters of the department under your command at such point within its territorial limits as you may consider most advantageous to the public service. Your personal presence is expected wherever in your judgment the interests of your command render it expedient, and wherever present with an army in the field you will exercise immediate command of the troops. The Adjutant and Inspector General will be directed to communicate to you without delay the orders defining the geographical limits of your department and such letters of general instruction as may have been sent to your predecessors and as it may be important for you to possess.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFN. DAVIS.

(Copy to General Hood.)

AUGUSTA, GA., October 2, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

I have assigned General Beauregard to the command of the departments heretofore commanded respectively by Generals Hood and Taylor. Please telegraph to General Beauregard at this place the territorial limits of these departments, which together now form his command.

JEFFN. DAVIS.

PALMETTO, GA., October 2, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

To-night my right will be at Powder Springs with my left at Lost Mountain. This will, I think, force the enemy to move on me or to move south. Should he move toward Augusta all available troops should be sent there, with an able officer of high rank to command. Could General Lee spare a DIVISION for that place in such an event?

J. B. HOOD,

General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 122. In the Field, October 2, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Brigadier General C. M. Shelley, recently appointed to that rank, is assigned to the command of Cantey's brigade. * * *

* * * * * * *

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

