
respectively by Generals Hood and Taylor: Colonel G. W. Brent, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Otey, Major E. Willis, Major F. Molloy, Dr. R. L. Brodie, Doctor Choppin, Major Henry Bryan, and Major G. B. Cooke.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 3, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Augusta, Ga.:

The Department of Tennessee and Georgia, under General Hood, includes all of the State of Georgia north and WEST of the following line: Commencing at Augusta and running along the line of the Augusta and Savannah Railroad to Millen; thence along the western boundary lines of the counties of Bulloch and Tattnall; thence along the south bank of the Ocmulgee River to the northeast corner of Irwin County; thence south of the Florida line; thence along the Florida line to the Appalachicola River. All the territory WEST of this department and the Appalachicola River and east of the MISSISSIPPI River forms the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, under Lieutenant-General Taylor. Special order has been issued this day placing you in command of both of these departments.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 234. Richmond, October 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IV. General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, is hereby assigned to the command of the two military departments and the troops therein, known as the Department of Tennessee and Georgia and Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana. He will, for the purpose of correspondence and reports, establish his headquarters at such place as in his judgment will best secure facilities for ready communication with the troops within the limits of his command, and repair in person to any part of said command whenever hispresence may for the time be necessary or desirable.

* * * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs me to say that he desires that, in addition to filling the railroad cuts with brush, rails, and dirt, you will employ some amen in obstructing the dirt roads parallel with the railroad below you. This General Hood thinks would make your movement perfectly secure.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

50 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT III

