
FOUR MILES SOUTHWEST OF LOST MOUNTAIN,

October 5, 1864. (Via Newnan 6th.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Lieutenant-General Stewart with corps struck the Western and Atlantic Railroad at Big Shanty on the evening of October 3, and effectually destroyed ten miles. He captured some 350 prisoners at Acworth and Big Shanty. Major-General French is moving to attack Allatoona.

Sherman's army appears to be moving out of Atlanta to meet us.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -12. 20 p. m.

Major-General CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

At 11 a. m. General Lee reported from his headquarters that the enemy had been reported to him advancing on the road from Marietta to Lost Mountain Post-Office. General Hood desires that you will keep in communication with him, and should need be that you give him assistance. We have information that General Sherman's army has left Atlanta. General Hood would be glad to see you when you can conveniently leave your lines.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Memorandum of dispatch to General Lee.]

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -12. 10 p. m.

Informed General Lee that his dispatch had been received, giving information of the advance of the enemy advancing on Gibson. The information had been forwarded to General Stewart who was directed to move his command from Davis' Cross-Roads, so that his right would connect with General Lee's left, at Lost Mountain Post- Office. That he wold place his troops in position and they should commence to strengthen it, and to make dispositions to hold the mountain until General Stewart's arrival.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -12. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that you have your command in readiness to move to-morrow morning. He desires that this movement be kept as quiet as possible. He desires that you call at his headquarters as soon as you can safely leave your lines.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Cheatham, commanding corps.)

