
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

October 5, 1864.

The march of this corps will march to-morrow in the following order: Stevenson's at 5. 30 o'clock or daybreak, moving on the road that leads by Moore's house and these headquarters. A guide will be furnished on arriving at this point. Clayton's at 6. 45, following General Stevenson. Johnson's at 8. 30 o'clock, moving on the road leading direct from his camp to Moore's house. The battalions of artillery will move in front of their respective DIVISIONS; brigade ordnance wagons in front of their brigades. DIVISION ordnance and cook wagons will move under charge of Major Hill, quartermaster, who has received special instructions from these headquarters. Ambulances will move in rear of their brigades.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -8. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART:

Commanding Corps:

General French's dispatch, forwarded by yourself, is just received. General Hood directs me to say that he does not know where a DIVISION could march at this time to give any assistance to General French, but that you will endeavor to send some scouts to him and direct him to leave the railroad and march to the WEST to New Hope Church. General Hood does not understand how General French could be cut off at the point he designates in his dispatch, as he should have moved directly away from the railroad to the west, if he deemed his position precarious.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -8. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant General A. P. STEWART:

General Hood directs that to-morrow you will keep a strong rear guard in position to cover the road which you march until all your command is well in motion.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant General S. D. Lee and Major-General Cheatham.)

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -1. 15 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG,

Commanding Cavalry:

Your dispatch of this morning at 9 a. m. to Lieutenant-Genera Stewart has been received. You must take such steps as will prevent any

