
surprise to General French has enable him to come out with safety. Brigadier-General Ross has been ordered to take position at Davis' Cross-Road. Keep in communication with him.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[OCTOBER 5, 1864. -For Sears to French (two dispatches), relating to operations at Allatoona, see Part I, pp. 824, 825.]

CARLEY'S HOUSE, October 5, 1864 -10 a. m.

Brigadier-General IVERSON, Commanding Cavalry:

General Hood directs me to say that he has information that all Shermman's cavalry made moved to Marietta, and that the remainder of his army is moving in that direction. He directs, therefore, that the regiment of Ferguson's brigade that is now with your command shall return at once to its own brigade at Salt Springs, and that you move Morgan's brigade at once to this side of the Chattahoochee River, to take a line from Salt Springs to Campbellton, reporting direct for orders to General Jackson, by letter, as soon as he is in position. Jackson's headquarters will be near General Hood's, which are at Carley's house, on the lower Dallas road, five miles southwest of Lost Mountain. You must also extend your lines to your left, so as to be in communication with General Morgan, at Campbellton, on the Chattahoochee River. General Morgan will move at once and get into position with as little delay as possible.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel V. SHELIHA,

Chief Engineer District of the Gulf, Mobile, Ala.:

COLONEL: On consultation with the major-general commanding we have decided that the construction of bomb-proofs for the protection of the garrison of the field-works on eastern shore, both at Blakely and Spanish Fort, is inexpedient, as being very expensive and requiring a heavy expenditure of labor that existing circumstances will hardly allow. In my opinion the main attack on these works will be by infantry and light artillery, with probably a long range bombardment from the enemy's shipping, which will be but little heeded by a resolute garrison after a short experience. No bomb-proofs would be required by the garrison to protect it from the first-named attack, and the last will not be sufficiently destructive to warrant the labor required to give the garrison the additional protection afforded. For the present at least you will therefore make no arrangements for constructing these bomb-proofs.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer of Department.

[OCTOBER 6, 1864. -For Vaughn to Breckinridge (two dispatches), relating to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 564.]

