
DALLAS, October 6, 1864 -7 p. m.

Brigadier-General IVERSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

General Hood directs that should Morgan's brigade not have crossed the Chattahoochee River before the pontoon bridge at Moore's is taken up that he must swim the animals and cross his men, saddles, &amp;c., in the ferry-boat, and get over with all possible dispatch, and instead of taking position from Salt Springs to Campbellton, as previously ordered, he will move his command to Villa Rica, reporting to Brigadier-General Jackson by letter at this point.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF Miss. AND EAST LA., Numbers 1. Jackson, Miss., October 6, 1864.

In accordance with general orders from headquarters Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, dated October 4, 1864, the undersigned assumes command of the district composed of East Louisiana and all of that portion of MISSISSIPPI not included in the District of the Gulf.

II. Lieuts. Alcee Dupre and Samuel W. Oliver are announced as aides-de-camp. Other members of the staff will be announced hereafter.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

OPELIKA, October 7, 1864.

President DAVIS:

I have arranged satisfactorily matters between Governor Brown and General Cobb relating to exempts and State militia. Am now en route for Hood's front.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, October 10, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I am instructed by his Excellency the President to forward to you the above copy of a dispatch received from General Beauregard, and to request that you will endeavor to learn whether the arrangements are such as comport with law and the necessities of the service.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. R. LUBBOCK,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 10, 1864.

Mr. S[HEPHERD]:

Address a polite note to General Cobb requesting to be informed of the precise nature of the arrangement made and intimating some apprehension lest the obligations of the constitution and laws as well as the position taken by the Department may be compromised by Governor Brown's propositions.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

