HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Van Wert, October 7, 1864.

(Via Newman and Montgomery 8th.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

This army is now in motion and it is of the greatest importance that cavalry brigades who were with Williams should be returned without delay.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

October 7, 1864.

This corps will resume the march to-morrow morning on the road leading from Van Wert to Cedartown in the direction of Cave Spring, in the following order:

General Johnson will start one brigade, with a section of artillery, at 1 o'clock, as an advance guard. The balance of this DIVISION will move at 3 a. m. The advance brigade will go three miles beyond Cedartown and remain there on picket. Stevenson's DIVISION at 4. 30 o'clock, Clayton's at 5 o'clock.

The DIVISION ordnance, cook, medical, and hospital wagons will move at 1. 30 a. m., under charge of Major Hill.

DIVISION commanders will send out their inspectors at once to examine the ground upon which their artillery and wagons are parked, so as to be able to get them into the road promptly. every precaution will be taken and every effort made for a prompt march to-morrow, as another corps and a large supply train will have to follow on this road, and everything depends on the promptness of this one.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VAN WERT, October 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Commanding Department, Gainesville Junction:

Your dispatch of the 6th received. This army being in motion it is of vital importance that Forrest should move without delay and operate on the enemy's railroad. If he cannot break Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad he can occupy their forces there and prevent damage being repaired on the other road. He should lose no time in moving. I am very thankful to you for the assistance already afforded this army.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

PLEASANT HILL,

Eighteen miles from Memphis, October 7, 1864 -6 p. m.

Colonel SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Selma:

Have been delayed by tardiness of reserves. Scouts report 4,000 infantry and 3,000 cavalry in Memphis. I shall go until I find out for myself. I have but 1,500, and not reliable.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

