
shall cross the Coosa River about ten miles below Rome, and, moving up the WEST bank of the Oostenaula, hope to destroy his communications from Kingston to Tunnel Hill, forcing him to fall back or move south. If the latter, I shall move on his rear; if the former, I shall move to the Tennessee River via La Fayette and Gadsden. I leave near Jacksonville all surplus baggage, artillery, and wagons, and move prepared for battle. Should I move to the Tennessee my trains will meet me at Gadsden. Please have the Memphis and Charleston Railroad repaired at once to Decatur, if possible.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

VAN WERT, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood desires that you bivouac to-night on the road from Cedartown to Cave Spring, but your headquarters with that portion of your command which is nearest Cedartown, your leading DIVISION within some three miles of Cave Spring. General Stewart has found another road than the one previously decided upon, by which he will march.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

October 8, 1864.

I. This corps will march to-morrow with the following allowance of artillery and transportation: One battalion of artillery with each DIVISION, to be selected by General Hallonquist, chief of artillery, with its complement of ammunition; one forge and two forage wagons.

II. Forty rounds of ammunition will be carried in the cartridge- boxes and forty rounds in brigade ordnance train.

III. Six cooking wagons each for Johnson's and Stevenson's DIVISIONS, four for Clayton's, and one for the three batteries, will be carried, with the smallest number of cooking utensils; one forage and one wheel wright wagon to each DIVISION; one forage wagon to each DIVISION and brigade, the tool-wagon and the wagon of each pioneer party; all ambulances and as many medical wagons as may be designated by the medical director of this corps, who will furnish instructions to the chief surgeons of DIVISIONS.

IV. No baggage will be taken except what can be hauled in one ambulance to each DIVISION and brigade headquarters.

V. Three days' rations of cooked bread will be placed in the haversacks before starting.

VI. The corps quartermaster will remain in charge of all trains left, assisted by one captain quartermaster for each DIVISION; all other quartermasters will accompany their commands.

VII. DIVISION and brigade commanders will see that every effective man is armed and with his command, and that no stragglers are left with the wagon trains.

VIII. After to-morrow morning all playing of bands, beating of drums, and sounding of calls will be suspended until further orders from these headquarters.

