
The order of march will be as follows: Johnson's DIVISION at 10 a. m., Stevenson's DIVISION at 11. 30 a. m., and Clayton's DIVISION at 1 p. m. Brigade ordnance wagons will follow their brigades.

The battalion of artillery will move between the two leading brigades of each DIVISION.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CEDARTOWN, October 8, 1864 -9 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs that your command will march to-morrow, not earlier than 10 a. m. and not later than 12 m., and bivouac at Vann's Valley Post-Office.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., October 8, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication referring to return of absentees from the army to their commands, and have no doubt the opinion you express as to the fact that distress and want in their families induced many of these men to desert their colors is correct. I am of the opinion, whilst active, and I trust effective steps have been already taken to secure the apprehension of deserters from the army, that whenever men prove their penitence by voluntarily surrendering themselves for the purpose of being returned to their commands they should be permitted to do so with the assurance they will neither be shot nor otherwise severely punished. I think, however, it is due to the men who have remained true to their duty and have had, in fact, to perform double duty by reason of the recusance of deserters, that some punishment should be inflicted upon the deserter, such, for instance, as stoppage of pay, or some similar mild punishment as will, whilst it makes the distinction between the dutiful and undutiful soldier so necessary to be made, at same time holds forth no real barrier to his return. That some such distinction should be made I am sure justice to the good soldier who has always remained steadfast demands. Appreciating your sound views on this subject I leave the whole matter in your hands, believing your wholesome influence upon the people of your State will enable you to apply the best correction to this evil, the existence of which has alone, in my opinion, prolonged this war. Should you determine to offer terms of amnesty to the class of men under consideration you are authorized to say to them, if they will voluntarily surrender they will be forwarded to their commands, with a written statement of the circumstances of their surrender, and an assurance they will not be severely punished, as indicated above.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

-General.

