HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Cherokee, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have been constantly in the field since 1861, and have spent halt the entire time in the saddle. I have never asked for a furlough for over ten days in which to rest and recruit, and expect when wounded and unable to leave my bed have had no respite from duty. My strength is failing and it is absolutely necessary that I should have some rest. I left a large estate in MISSISSIPPI and have never given my private affairs a day's attention at any one time since the war began. Will make the trip to WEST Tennessee, and hope as soon thereafter as you can do so you will relieve me from duty for twenty or thirty days to rest and recruit. I have received letters from Colonel McCulloch at Mobile. He and his command are much dissatisfied, and I respectfully ask that my two DIVISIONS be placed as they originally were under the command of Brigadier-Generals Chalmers and Buford, and that Mabry's brigade be substituted for McCulloch's, which change would in my opinion be satisfactory to all parties. I have captured since I came into this department over 30 pieces of artillery, fitting up my command with four batteries (in all sixteen guns). They are now scattered, and I desire if possible to get all my command together, and with General Chalmers as senior officer feel that it would be safe to leave the command for a short time, which in my present state of health is absolutely necessary and which you will confer a favor on me by granting as early as consistent with the good of the service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

JACKSON, MISS., October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Taylor to inform you that Major General Frank. Gardner has been assigned to command of the district composed of East Louisiana, and all that portion of MISSISSIPPI not included in the District of the Gulf, and as the duties of General Forrest as commander of an independent cavalry corps render it impossible for him to give his attention to the details of district he has been relieved from command of the District of Northern Mississippi, and you will be temporarily assigned to command of that district, to report to Major-General Gardner, whose orders you will from this time obey. This assignment will be only temporary and as soon as present operations are over and your DIVISION in General Forrest's corps can be gotten together you will again be placed in command of it. Whilst it is intended you shall as district commander report to Major-General Gardner, you will in the event of receiving any instructions from Major- General Forrest promptly execute them, advising Major-General Gardner at this place of the fact.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

