HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, October 9, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST, Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to request you to inform him before you leave of the condition of affairs, as far as you can judge, in WEST Tennessee. General Chalmers, under date of yesterday, advises General Taylor that he found the enemy strongly posted at Memphis and expecting him. He telegraphed from Senatobia that he did not attack for above reason, and would move with Fifth MISSISSIPPI and escort into WEST Tennessee as soon as he received ammunition from Selma. The general is under the impression Hood's movement will draw attention of Sherman's force, with the exception of what he may send to look after you, to the road between Nashville and Chattanooga, and that Western Tennessee will be left unprotected or occupied by the enemy. He therefore desires me to urge you, if possible, to get out of that section all the supplies you can, making necessary arrangements before you leave; these supplies to be receipted for and paid for by the Confederate States. He thinks also that many recruits should be gotten from there, and wishes you to place yourself in communication with General Pillow and arrange through him for getting out the reserves from that section. You may find we can hold the country for a considerable time, and, if so, the Mobile and Ohio Railroad should be built to Jackson and reserves collected to protect it. Write fully on this subject. You may be able cut all railroad communications north of Nashville. You are, however, the best judge of your own movements and will known best what to do to best effect the grand object of injuring Sherman.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Cherokee, Ala., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS, Commanding First DIVISION:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he is moving that portion of the command now with him to Corinth; will be there by the 12th and will move immediately to Paris, in WEST Tennessee; expects to reach Jackson by the 16th. He is very anxious to communicate with you and has sent Captain Saunders to find you. If you think it safe to do so, he wishes you to join him and take command of your DIVISION. He has written Lieutenant-General Taylor, at Mobile, earnestly requesting the return of McCulloch's brigade, and suggesting that Mabry's brigade or some other be substituted for them, and asking that his DIVISIONS as originally formed and commanded be brought together. The general thinks the expedition to WEST Tennessee will enable him to get out a considerable amount of stock and accomplish other important result which can hereafter be explained. Write the general so as to intercept him at the points above named, and if safe, in your opinion, to do so, he hopes you will join him with any force you may have, leaving sufficient force in North MISSISSIPPI to prevent or meet such raids as might be by the enemy started from Memphis.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

