HEADQUARTERS, October 10, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

General Breckinridge reports Vaughn's cavalry drove the enemy from Rogersville on the 8th, killing and wounding a good many. No enemy in any force this side of Bull's Gap. Railroad [and] telegraph open to Carter's Depot.

R. E. LEE,General.

CAVE SPRINGS, October 10, 1864 -8 a. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding Cavalry:

General Hood desires me to inform you that the pontoon at Quinn's Ferry, on the Coosa River, will be taken up this evening, and you must put on a line of couriers to that place to connect with a line on the other side. They will meet at the ferry and must continue to keep some there or near there to take dispatches over the line. Day after to-morrow (12th), unless you are otherwise engaged, Genera Hood desires you will move on Rome and make considerable of a demonstration from your side of the river, but be careful not to fire into the town. Communicate fully and frequently about all movements of the enemy.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVE SPRING, October 10, 1864 -8 a. m.

Brigadier-General IVERSON, Commanding Cavalry:

Should the enemy evacuate Atlanta you must cross the Chattahoochee River and move by your left flank in the direction of Cedartown, keeping always in communication with General Jackson, who will also be making a similar movement should the enemy evacuate Atlanta.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General IVERSON,

Cedartown:

(Care General Jackson.)

General Hood desires that you will immediately destroy the railroads leading to Atlanta as close up to the city as possible, commencing at our present breaks. Do this on all the roads.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHEROKEE, October 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Will be at Corinth until the 15th. Telegraph General Taylor for permission to join me and with what troops. If he grants it inform me and I will give you instructions what direction to move. Say to my mother we are all well. [Will] be at Corinth on 12th.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

