
MOBILE, ALA., October 10, 1864.

General BRAGG:

The following just received:

CHEROKEE, October 10, 1864.

Generals Rousseau and Thomas are following me with about 12,000 men, and are attempting to cross below here. I have still 500 men on north side of river, who have gone to hills. I think them safe. Three gun-boats and four transports came up river to-day as far as Eastport, and landed 2,000 men and three pieces of artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Kelley, with Forrest's old regiment and Twelfth Tennessee Regiment, attacked and drove them back, capturing the three pieces artillery and horses, and setting one transport of fire. I am moving my command to Iuka to meet the enemy, and my wagon train to Corinth. Washburn reported in command of river expedition.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

CAVE SPRING,

Sixteen miles southwest of Rome, Ga., October 11, 1864.

(Via Montevallo 12th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

I arrived here last evening and conferred with General Hood. I leave to-day to confer with General Taylor at Jacksonville, Ala. Will return as soon as practicable to Hood's front. Address me via Jacksonville.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Armuchee Post-Office, October 11, 1864.

The general commanding desires to impress upon the corps commanders the importance of making moccasins out of the raw hides for the barefooted men of their respective commands. Proper attention to this matter will in a great measure supply the deficiency of shoes at present existing.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Armuchee Post-Office, October 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood desires you to instruct the commanding officer of the brigade to be sent to the foot of Turkey Mountain to move in such manner as not to be seen by the enemy on the other side.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARMUCHEE POST-OFFICE, October 11, 1864 -4 p. m.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Round Mountain:

GENERAL: Should the enemy move down the Coosa in force you will send all the wagons you have loaded with small-arm ammunition and

