
we are but few in number, and most of us old and infirm men; that our county is now infested with some four or five bands of robbers and bushwhackers, who are obstructing the publis road, robbing Southern men, and killing them, and further, threatening to drive us all from the county, and without some additional protection we will all be forced to leave our homes and county in a few days. We, therefore, most respectfully ask you to send in a small force for that purpose, say some forty or FIFTY men, under a good officer. We would further state that we will have considerable surplus of corn, and some meat, that could be furnished the Government, if it can be protected until all can be saved; fully enough, we think, to justify the Government in sending the small force we ask to protect and defend us until all can be saved and got out. If not defended in that way it will all be lost to Government and individuals. There is a small force here now, about fifteen men, which we wish to retain with the others, under Lieutenant Hawkins.

ASA RESSE.

G. MOORE.

J. W. McQUEEN.

B. O. JohnSON.

J. H. JohnSON.

R. MOORE.

J. E. WILSON.

H. ROMENGER.

[OCTOBER 12, 1864. -For Vaughn to Breckinridge, reporting action at Greenville, Tenn., see Part I, p. 565.]

[OCTOBER 12, 1864. -For Beauregard to Cooper, reporting affairs in his department, see Part I, p. 795.]
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,October 12, 1864.

Major-General STEVENSON,

Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: General Lee direct me to say that he has no objection to your advancing a few skirmishers, but he does not desire anything like a demonstration or a fight brought on. The corps will move to Snake Creek Gap some time during the day. You will be in readiness accordingly.

respectfully,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 128. Selma, Ala., October 12, 1864.

The transfer of detailed men from the positions to which they have been assigned by orders from department headquarters is hereby prohibited.

