
mand while in Middle Tennessee. Most of them have returned to their former positions, and thus afford an opportunity for another expedition. A sense of duty to my Government constrains me to call attention to the large number of stragglers in General Roddey's command. I do so in no spirit of unkindness toward that gallant and meritorious officer, who will certainly remedy the evil when his attention shall have been called to it. On my recent trip from Cherokee to this place I found his men at every stopping-place, some of them with passes from every grade of subordinate officer, and many with no passes at all. Most of these men are from Moreland's command, and that officer deserves the severest punishment on account of his disregard of law. At Burnsville I found many stragglers, and on my approach they fled as if the enemy had made his appearance in their midst. Such a state of affairs is disreputable and humiliating to my feelings. It is a burlesque upon military discipline. All applications for leave of absence for a longer period than ten days I shall refer to you for your action, and unless something of the sort is required of General Roddey his command will still be found scattered over the country with furloughs and passes from all grades of officers. It is no spirit of dictation, but a desire to promote the good of the service, that prompts me to make these suggestions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

P. S. -Since the foregoing was written I have commenced repairing the telegraph line from Grand Junction to this place, and from this

place to Jackson. Both lines will be in operation in a few days.

N. B. F.,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

You will report to me at Jackson, Tenn., with all the available men you have except enough to picket your front, fetching the two batteries with you. Telegraph me how much artillery ammunition you will want for the two batteries. I will supply you at Jackson. Fetch your wagons with you.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF Miss. AND EAST ALA., Numbers 5. Jackson, Miss., October 12, 1864.

This district will be divided into sub-districts, known as follows, viz:

Northern District of Mississippi, to comprise the northern portion of the State as far south as the parallel of latitude through Grenada.

Central District of Mississippi, to comprise that portion of the State between the parallels of latitude running through Grenada and Natchez.

District of Southwest MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana, to comprise that portion of the State of MISSISSIPPI south of the parallel of latitude running through Natchez and not included in the District of the Gulf and the portion of Louisiana east of the MISSISSIPPI River.

52 R R -VOL XXXIX, PT III

