
RHEATOWN, October 14, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Portion of arms have reached my command. Dispatched Palmer. Have heard nothing from him. If I had a few more forces could hold the country lower down and procure many supplies.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 14, 1864. -For Vaughn to Johnston, in relation to skirmish at Thorn Hill, Tenn., see Part I, p. 848.]
HEADQUARTERS,Villanow, October 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

Your dispatch received. General Hood approves your intention of retaining General Johnson's and Clayton's DIVISIONS in their present position, and desires me to say that if necessary you can also retain Stevenson's.

[A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

CORINTH, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

The major-general desires that you will meet him at Jackson as early as possible. Hatch is endeavoring to cross into WEST Tennessee, and he desires to meet him with his entire force.

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYTHESVILLE, VA., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VAUGHN,

Rheatown, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am much gratified at your recent success, and General Lee has also expressed his satisfaction. I am fully authorized by general Lee to direct Palmers's movements. He must move down to your assistance to enable you to recover and hold as much country as possible. Repeat your couriers until you hear from him. A party of FIFTY of your men, under Colonel Bean, passed through here day before yesterday from the Valley to join you. General Robertson was ordered to Georgia, and only intended to give you the incidental aid of his presence as far as Greeneville, and the appearance of moving on the enemy's flank as he passed toward Georgia. I am sorry he has not gone as far as Greeneville. It is impossible to send you any more troops at this time. Every effort will be made to supply you, and to have the men pad at an early day. Send up those officers who abandoned the command in the Valley; also Lieutenant Hopkins, who killed the quartermaster. This officer is not to go at large. Upon the statement of your letter has committed one of the greatest of military crimes, and if such cases are not signally punished we may as well disband the army. Send the necessary witnesses in the several cases with the parties

