
COLUMBIA, October 4, 1864.

General THOMAS:

General Croxton will leave Lynnville this evening; he has been telegraphed to march to-morrow to Lawrenceburg. Forrest left Pulaski yesterday morning about 9 o'clock, going toward Florence; he is forty-eight hours ahead of us, but we will press on as if just behind him. We will reach Mont Pleasant or near there to-night from Franklin thirty-five miles.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 4, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU, Columbia, Tenn.:

I have just received from Johnsville that that river has risen four feet since last night. General Washburn has received his orders to join you at Pulaski or beyond. Two gun-boats have gone up the river, and I suppose will reach Florence. Two others will be ordered to reenforce them to-night. I think you will never have a better chance to capture Forrest, as he certainly can have but one point to cross at now, viz, Bainbridge.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMETN OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON, Farmington, via Columbia:

I have rumors merely that Forrest is moving on the Northwestern railroad, but, or course, General Rousseau will have ascertained the thurth of this, and inform you before this reaches you. The force in front of Huntsville retured to athens and attacked the place, which had been reoccupied by General Granger. The enemy wer repulsed, and General Granger reports that he retired toward Elk River, but did not say whether he took the Elkton road or the road leading to Florence. General Washburn has landed on this side of the Tennessee River with about 3,000 cavalry, and I have directed him to join General Rousseau at Pulaski, unless he ascertains positively that Forrest has gone to the Northwestern railroad, then he is to follow him. You should join General Rouseau as soon as you can, and the whole force should press Forrest to the death, keeping your troops well in hand, and holding them to the work. I do not think we shall ever have a better chance at Forrest than this, for he cannot cross the Tennessee River unless he secures Bainbridge. General Morgan is now moving to seize Bainbridge.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, October 4, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Dispatch received; have heard nothing from General Rousseau except Colonel Park telegraphs that he left Franklin this a. m. Colonel Sipes writes from Columbia that Forrest left Mounth Pleasant yester-

