
to Abington to go before the court there. This will cost the temporary services of a few men, as witnesses, but it will be more than balanced by the good effect on the troops and the service generally. I have sent Colonel D. H. Smith, Fifth Kentucky, to Bristol, with a company of mounted men, to which will be added the detachment you left in that region, and such local forces as can be gathered, for the purpose of seizing deserters, rooting out bushwhackers, &amp;c., in all that region.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,

Wytheville, Va., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier General Basil W. Duke, With 200 men of his brigade, and two days' cooked rations, will move at 8 a. m. to-morrow to Dublin and report to Brigadier-General Echols for special and important services. General Duke is already apprised of the general character of the duties with which he will be charge, and the major-general commanding is confident that his operations will be marked by promptness, vigor, and discrimination, nor does he doubt, from his high character as an officer, that the conduct of his command, in the delicate duties to be performed, will be characterized by the strictest discipline.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

NINE MILES SOUTH OF LA FAYETTE, GA.,

October 15, 1864. (Via Selma 17th.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War;

This army struck the communications of the enemy about a mile above Resaca on the 12th instant, completely destroying the railroad, including the block-houses, from that point to within a short distance of Tunnel Hill, about four miles of the Cleveland railroad, capturing Dalton and all intermediate garrisons, with their stores, arms, and equipments, and about 1,000 prisoners. The main body of Sherman's army seems to be moving toward Dalton.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Villanow, October 15, 1864 -6 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your notes of last evening received. General Hood thinks it very important that some cavalry should be nearer the army on our left. If you can spare it send some up at once. General Hood would like to see you to-day. He is going through Taylor's Ridge at Mattox's Gap and from Lamb's Cross-Roads we go south to Mill's house, where the roads running south from La Fayette and from Lamb's Cross-Roads come together.

Yours, &c.,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

