HEADQUARTERS,Dublin, October 17, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: Brigadier-General Duke, with his command, left here this morning for Floyd County. I had here with him three of the most prominent citizens of the county to explain the condition of matters and the topography of the county to him, and also a guide to accompany him. At his request I also sent twenty-five of Preston's battalion with him. He will have a troublesome time of it, as the county is very mountainous. I have heard nothing yet from Thurmond's men. I have ordered FIFTY men from Preston's battalion to New River bridge, as a guard at that place. I have also ordered FIFTY men from same battalion to this place as guard for the post. I shall also have the send twenty-five to Narrows of New River as guard. Under your order I think morning furloughed eighty of the battalion for fifteen days, the furloughs revocable in case of an emergency.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN ECHOLS,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 17, 1864. -For Vaughn to Breckinridge, relating to skirmish at Bull's Gap, Tenn., &c., see part I, p. 848.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE WEST, Numbers 1. Jacksonville, Ala., October 17, 1864.

In obedience to the orders of the President of the Confederate States, I assume command this day of the Military DIVISION of the West, east of the MISSISSIPPI River, comprising the Department of Tennessee and Georgia, commanded by General J. B. Hood, and the department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, commanded by Lieutenant General Richard Taylor. These officers will retain command of their respective departments, issuing orders necessary for the proper discharge of their duties.

In assuming command of this important military DIVISION, I enjoin on all officers and soldiers harmony, zeal, implicit and prompt obedience to orders and confidence in themselves and their commanders, and success will then surely crown their efforts to drive the enemy from our soil and established the independence of our country.

The following are the officers of my personal and general staff:

First Lieutenant A. R. Chisolm, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant A. J. Toutant, aide-de-camp.

Colonel George W. Brent, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Otey, assistant adjutant-general.

Major Henry Bryan, assistant inspector-general.

Major J. B. Eustin, assistant inspector-general.

Major General M. L. Smith, chief of engineers.

Major Edward Willis, chief quartermaster.

Major F. Molloy, chief commissary.

Surg. R. L. Brodie, medical director.

Surg. Samuel Choppin, medical inspector.

