
Full of hope and confidence, I come to join in your struggle, sharing your privations, and with your brave and true men to strike the blow that shall bring success to our arms, triumph to our cause, and peace to our country,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,October 17, 1864 -12. 10 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood desires that you will not stop the cavalry whol were to go with the pontoon-boats to the Tennessee, but let them go as first determined upon.

Very respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Corinth, October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that the enemy are still attempting to cross the river, and that you will move your command at once to the neighborhood of Medon, twelve miles southwest of Jackson, and await further orders. He further directs that you establish a line of couriers from your headquarters to Henderson Station, and send staff officer to that point to receive and forward dispatches. Also, that you will notify him the amount of ammunition you have on hand and how much you need. The major-general directs me to say that should he stop at Purdy he will establish a courier-line to Henderson Station. He will remain here until to-morrow to ascertain whether the enemy attempts to cross or not, and will then move in the direction of Jackson.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMER'S DIVISION,Jackson, October 17, 1864.

Colonel MABRY:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you will remain as near to Bolivar as you can obtain forage, until you get your wagon train safely across Hatchie River. You can probably find forage on Clover Creek. Report to these headquarters the place at which you encamp, and when you move forward take the Denmark road and encamp at any place between Jackson and Denmark at which you can obtain forage. The general thinks you had better make a pontoon bridge at Bolivar if you can do so.

Your obedient servant,

L. T. LINDSEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

