
JACKSONVILLE, ALA., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. CLANTON,

Jacksonville:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Taylor has submitted to General Beauregard the proposition of sending you with your own and Armistead's command into the country adjacent to Huntsville and sufficiently near the enemy's railroad communications in North Alabama for you to strike either of those lines at pleasure. General Beuregard approves the plan provided it meets with the sanction of General hood. You will show this communication to General Hood and can inform him that Dibrell's brigade and the men of First [Sixth] Tennessee Cavalry, belonging to Major-General Wheeler's corps, and recently with Major-General Forrest, will reach Gadsden, Ala., to-morrow night and be forwarded immediately by General Beauregard to him.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[OCTOBER 18, 1864. -For Lee to Seddon, Vaughn to Breckinridge, Vaughn to Johnston, and Bushong, to Vaughn, relating to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, pp. 847, 848, 849, 851.]

BRISTOL, EAST TENN., October 18, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I reached here yesterday (Monday) and will leave to-day for the scene of operations. Am waiting to have my horses shod and get the necessary information for intelligent action. Captain Lea requests that you ask of the major-general commanding department to have the quota of clothing due his men laid aside for them in the event of the quartermaster obtaining it for Duke's brigade. Many of his men are exceedingly needy, and they objected to coming in this expedition for the reason that they were fearful they would in consequence fail to get the clothing they so much need. You will be kind enough to see that justice is done them in this matter. There are forty-three non-commissioned officers and privates.

Hastily, yours, &amp;c.,

D. HOWARD SMITH,

Commanding Detachment.

P. S. -Please see that my mail is sent to me here, to care of commander of post.

D. H. S.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE WEST, Numbers 2. Jacksonville, Ala., October 18, 1864.

To expedite public business all current correspondence with and papers to the Adjutant-General's Office, at Richmond, from the departments of Generals Hood and Taylor will continue direct, as heretofore,

