
until further orders, transmitting, however, to these headquarters such copies or extracts of the same as may be necessary to keep them advised of the true condition and wants of those departments.

In urgent cases commanders of departments may correspond also directly with the War Department, transmitting at once to these headquarters copies of all letters and telegrams sent or received.

In like manner commanders of districts may correspond directly with these headquarters, transmitting at once to their respective department commanders copies of all telegrams sent or received.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE INSP. OF FIELD TRANS., ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Jacksonville, October 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. H. COLE,

Inspector of Field Transportation, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have just returned from Selma, Ala., where I went to see Major Paxton. He furnished me with all the supplies necessary for the proper equipment of this army, except the mules and horses needed to supply the places of those broken down on the recent march. He says that it is impossible to procure animals by impressment in his district unless he had the money, or an order from the commanding general to take them by armed force. This General Beauregard refuses to give. I have conferred with Colonel Brent, chief of staff, on the subject of the enforcement of the orders in regard to horses ridden by officers and others, and he informs me that General B[eauregard] will enforce them literally and thus supply his artillery. When the orders on transportation are obeyed there will be mules enough in excess to furnish everything, unless the campaign is extended. Very little can be done, however, toward getting horses from persons using them illegally until this campaign is over. We are now separated from the main body of the army eighty miles, they being over on the Chattanooga railroad. The supply wagons and many of the baggage wagons are constantly employed in hauling supplies from Blue Mountain to the troops, over very bad roads; many animals will of course be broken down. Major Smith informs me he had ceased impressments, for want of money, and where we are to supply the heavy requisitions made upon us I cannot imagine, unless we can induce the authorities to enforce the orders more strictly. Possibly the necessity of this will be appreciated when they find out at army headquarters that no more animals can be had in the rear.

I have written you two letters, one from Dallas, the other from Cave Spring, asking to be relieved from duty with this army as inspector of transportation, giving you my reasons for thasitions as defined at headquarters being only to supply the chief quartermaster with what he may make requisition for, he having tverything we bring forward, issues it as he deems best, regardless of any representations we may make to the contrary. This being the case, I have thought that the district offices were all that were needed -our positions superfluous. While at Selma I had quite a severe attack, and am still very unwell; have not been able to ride during the whole march from Palmetto. My physician urges me to leave the army at once, on account of my health, and should I not hear from you before we leave this place, I will have to remain behind. I would be glad to be as-

