
day morning, going south, and I am [so] sure that he has gone toward Florence that I will move on toward Pulaski, taking the Lamb's Ferry road toward Rogesrville. If General Rousseau goes by Mount Pleasant I think I should join him at Hall's seven miles south of Lawrenceburg, or fifteen miles south of that . I know both roads are good, and plenty of forage, while that old military road from Mount Pleasant, through Lawrenceburg, is almost entirely destitute. If Spalding's 1,500 from Pulaski are to go with me I desire them to be notified. Did you get my dispatch from Farmington advising you that a prisoners reported he came from Atlanta by rail through Meridian and Corinth to Chickasaw Station, and crossed near Waterloo?

J. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,

Pulaski:

Your dispatch describing the prisoners' route from Atlanta to Chickasaw Station is received. I will advise General Rouseau to take the road suggested by you, while you take the other road. I think that General Washburn's cavalry, General Rousseau's forces, and yours will be sufficient to handle Forrest. Spadling's 1,500 had better be reserved at Pulaski to meet any demonstrations from the east. General Rouseau will be in camp ten miles beyond Columbia to-night.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JOHNSVILLE, October 4, 1864-7 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The gun-boats that went up the river Sunday did not expect to say long. I think, if they are needed to remain there, new orderes had better be given. There is one boat now here, the Elfin, Captain Thompson. He says he has an excellent pilot. Gun-boats News Boy and Silver Lake are expected here daily. The stores will be safe fom the attacks of Biffle and such forces without the gun-boats.

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c,

PULASKI, October 4, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reception of telegrams together was caused by line being down, ad dispatches had thus accumulated at the office here. Time will be designated in the future as directed. Have sent 200 mounted men, Colonel Spalding's command, to learn what has become of General Buford's force that attacked Athens, reported retreating toward Florence. Have no news of Forrest except that received from Colonel Sipes, Columbia, and that you have. My scouts were sent to General Croxton yesterday, giving him all the news I had. Scouts from him report his passing

