
permission to carry cotton above to exchange for meat and the actual necessaries of life. I hope you will give me instructions regarding the condition of these people who have been overrun, but will take no steps in the matter until I hear from you on the subject. Inclosed you will please find an order* issued from these headquarters while at Grenada which had a beneficial effect during my stay in the country, but since my absence I am informed the trade has been again opened and is now going on an extensive scale.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 19, 1864. -For Breckinridge to Lee, relating to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 847.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Wytheville, October 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VAUGHN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your communication relative to the exchange of prisoners has been received. Not having been vested with this power, I telegraphed Genera Lee yesterday and ave received the following answer:

I have no objection to your exchanging prisoners, man for man, free negroes included. Recaptured slaves of Confederate citizens will not be exchanged.

You are therefore authorized in my name to exchange upon the above terms. Get Rogers exchanged if possible. I am very much gratified at the gallant successes of Lieutenants Hayes and Hynds. The names of the enlisted men reported by you for gallant conduct have been sent to General Lee with the statement that they deserve promotion.

Very respectfully,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

JACKSONVILLE, October 19, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

General S. COOPER:

I conferred yesterday with General Taylor. I will leave this morning for General Hood's front.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE WEST, Numbers 2. Jacksonville, Ala., October 19, 1864.

I. Major General M. L. Smith having been assigned as chief engineer of the Military DIVISION of the West, all engineering operations connected therewith will be under his general superintendence, and all engineer officers in its limits will obey his instructions.

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

