
when notified by him. I also found a dispatch from General Vaughn inclosing one from yourself, and requesting me to move my command to the vicinity of Newport or Greensville. I move immediately, and am here with 800 men and three pieces of artillery. This does not include a cavalry force, numbering over 100, operating under my orders, in Cocke County, in your department. I have communicated with General Vaughn, and am ready for any movement deemed advisable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S. -I have brought no Indians with me, General Martin having prohibited my doing so.

J. B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 20, 1864. -For Vaughn to Johnston, relating to operations in East Tennessee, see Part I, p. 849.]
HEADQUARTERS,Gadsden, Ala., October 20, 1864 -10. 15 a. m.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hood directs me to inform you that he is here, and desires that you will hasten forward to this point all the supplies for the army, especially the shoes and clothing, that they may be issued at once. He fears that in the many orders that have been given and countermanded there may be delay, and therefore directs me to urge you to send everything in the way of army supplies you have at once to this point. Order Stovall's brigade here immediately. Yesterday General Hood met a cavalry brigade (Gholson's) on this side of the river, and sent it back to assist in covering the country on the other side. A pontoon bridge will be laid here in a few hours. Stewart and Cheatham camp here to-day and Lee only a few miles in rear.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Gadsden, Ala., October 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs you will camp to-day at some point between this place and Kay's Ferry, and that to-morrow morning you will move your corps to the immediate vicinity of this place. Send forward your inspectors to obtain a good camping-ground for you.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

