HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,October 20, 1864 -6 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday announcing the advance of the enemy near Price's Bridge [is] received. General Hood directs that you will retard the enemy's advance in every way possible. We leave for Gadsden in a few minutes.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. GA., RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF GA.,

Macon, October 20, 1864.

The movements now being made to redeem every portion of Georgia from the occupation of the enemy will be attend with success if he own people will do their duty. The active and faithful discharge of this duty be every man who owes service to his country alone is necessary to accomplish the result. To effect this result at once is the object of this circular.

All officers belonging to this command, especially enrolling officers, are instructed to use renewed efforts in enforcing all orders for the return of absentees to their commands, as well as sending forward those who have so far failed or refused to report. These officers are notified that they must see to it that every man in their respective counties or districts who belongs to the Confederate army, either of the field or the reserve, is made to report at once to his proper command; and in case of the men belonging to the militia they will report to these headquarters the names of all such found at home without proper authority. It is the fixed purpose of both Confederate and State authorities that the men who can serve the country in this critical juncture shall do it, and no effort will be spared by either to effect the result. Not only to officers, but to every good citizen is the appeal made to bring into the service every man able to do duty in the field.

A few weeks of faithful service by every man in Georgia able and liable to do it would drive the last enemy from our soil and rid the State forever of their hateful presence.

Georgians! the destiny of your State is in your hands. Now is the time to strike the blow, and if the enemy is not driven from your soil it will be your fault, not theirs.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

OCTOBER 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Mobile:

I will move to-morrow for Guntersville, on the Tennessee. Please place all the garrison you can at Corinth, and have the railroad iron from there to Memphis taken up as close as possible to Memphis. I have not yet seen General Beauregard. Give me all the assistance you can to get my supplies to Tuscumbia.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

